 There are a couple of things to note in reference to this review.  First, I seldom, if ever, read books in this particular genre, i.e. political stuff.  Second, I am an independent as to politics.  I vote for the person and not the party and over the past six decades plus of voting my record has been about 50/50 as to which party candidate I voted for.  I pretty much hold both parties in contempt and go for the candidate rather than the party.<br/><br/>That being said...when I found that this work had been put on the “Trumpster Index Expurgatorius....well I had to purchase it and read it despite my distaste for this sort of work.  I wondered why this man(?) so badly wanted to stop this books publication...what did he want to hide?<br/><br/>I, like many others here take works such as this with a grain of salt.  But I will tell you that if even a small fraction of the information presented here is true (and I have no doubt it is) then it makes my blood run cold.  Now I am not one of those who feel that the circus which is Trump will bring down our nation.  Hey, we survived bad apples before such as Harding, Andrew Johnson, Pierce, Fillmore, Garfield, et al and of course we will NOT be able to fully assess Trumps impact upon our nation for at least fifty or seventy five years from now, but even leaving out the information in this book it is becoming pretty obvious where Trumps place in history will land.<br/><br/>The book is written in a chatty way (something I dislike) but the information I found pretty well covered most of the events as we have all seen played out over the past year or so.  I had no reason to doubt much of the information presented here.<br/><br/>I do feel that the author probably placed too much of his own “spin” on some of the facts but most readers will be able to spot this quite quickly and make up their own mind.<br/><br/>I suspect that over the next decade or so we will see a plethora of books addressing this administration and this clown written by insiders and political pundits. This is good because as I write this review so much more has been discovered and by all signs there will be much more to come.  I am glad I forked out the few dollars as I was at least (in a goulash way) entertained as I read it and I must admit rather frightened.<br/><br/>Those who are Trumpsters will, if they even read the book, will not be pleased.  For the other 65 percent plus of the voter population...well, they probably will get a kick out of it.
 Michael Wolff spent months inside the Trump White House, often hanging out on the couch in a common area, talking to people, but also simply listening.<br/><br/>It's important to note that Wolff has a reputation of being a somewhat sloppy reporter, not always reliable. It's also important, though, to note that no one mentioned in this book has denied saying what he attributes to them in this book. There are disagreements over interpretation, but not over what they said. Other reporters, with better reputations, as well as other people with access, say that while there may be inaccuracies of detail, the overall account rings true.<br/><br/>Steve Bannon, now out of the White House, and indeed having further torched his standing with his failed support of Roy Moore's campaign for the US Senate in Alabama, was his main point of entry to the White House and apparently his major source. That's a possible source of bias in the gloss that gets put on the facts.<br/><br/>Overall, this is an alarming picture of a White House in chaos. It's fascinating, revealing, and scary. It needs to be taken with a few grains of salt, and compared with other accounts and reporting as they become available. Nevertheless, it's an important contribution to understanding what is going on in our government and why.<br/><br/>Recommended.<br/><br/>I bought this book.
 This was the worst book I've ever read. I bought it in February and just now finished it.All the hype what a let down. I'm not a college graduate but I do read a lot and know big words, but please I felt I was reading a term paper. Nothing earth shattering in this book, just a author who uses big words to make us think he's intelligent. Don't waste your time just watch the news.
 Forget his detractors. Wolff is telling an important story here, and there have been exactly zero credible denials of the key material facts presented herein. Yes, there is opinion and speculation here, particularly when Wolff tries to infer affect and intention from outward behavior. But there's no attempt to package opinion as fact, and it's not difficult to separate the subjective from the objective.  One can argue how much you'll know about the Trump White House, in the sense of quantifiable data, after reading this astonishing book. But what is irrefutable is how much you'll *understand* this administration and its tragic, even fatal flaws.  This is the proverbial "fly on the wall" chronicle, and is a must-read for anyone that wants to grasp the breadth of dysfunction and degeneracy that attend this Presidency.
 What can be said, that hasn't already been said about the President?<br/><br/>Nothing in this book will surprise anyone who has been following the trials and tribulations of the 45th President of the United States, Donald J. Trump.  His supporters will cry foul, and say some of it isn't true -- and some of it might not be -- but if even 10% of what is in this book is true, holy crap!<br/><br/>Reading this book is like being forced to eat an entire 5 gallon carton of ice cream in one sitting.  It is yummy and you don't want to stop.  And then you do want to stop but you can't, because the book has you roped in.  You should feel good, but in reality you feel awful, because of what you just did to yourself.<br/><br/>So tread lightly, dear reader.  You won't want to put the book down, but you won't be better off for reading it, either.  If you don't like it, do something productive -- stop eating the ice cream and get off the couch.  Make America AMERICA again!
 I learned nothing from this book and was only mildly entertained with some trivial fact not important or relevant enough to be published in newspapers. I am not a Trump fan but I still doubt the author's credibility.
 This book consists of a multitude of criticisms of President Trump’s administration thus far and events leading up to the President’s stunning victory. Wolf starts by proclaiming that nobody in the Trump campaign expected to win the 2016 election but his “campaign warriors,” and Trump himself, “were ready to lose with fire and fury.”<br/><br/>Many of the details in this book are old news, including such innocuous minutia as the Mercer’s early involvement in the campaign, Corey Lewandowski’s affair with Hope Hicks, Kellyanne Conway’s belief that her candidate would suffer a “cataclysmic defeat,” Steve Bannon was in the fight to promote his isolationist and anti-globalist agendas and tough stand on immigration—and he was a shabbily dressed snake, Trump was a “notorious womanizer,” etc.<br/><br/>Bannon figures heavily in the book, and Wolff characterizes him as an “alfa male. A 1950’s man, a Rat Pack type, a character out of “Mad Men.” He has few kind words for Bannon throughout the 300-plus pages of this editorialized- styled liberal hit-piece. Bannon’s ties to “Breitbart” news, his three failed marriages, his lack of experience (“Other than Trump himself, Bannon was certainly the oldest inexperienced person ever to work in the White House.”) “Bannon was rather a movie figure himself. A type. Alcohol. Bad marriages. Cash-strapped in a business where the measure of success is excesses of riches. Ever scheming. Ever disappointed.”<br/><br/>Wolff continues by asserting the existence of division among Bannon and family members—most notably Bannon’s riff with Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner—Bannon thought Ivanka was “dumb as a brick.” (“Jared and Ivanka were gleeful at the prospect of Bannon’s ouster.”) Wolff discusses the origin of the Trump-Putin conspiracy (again, old news—nothing new in the book). He attacks Trump’s competency –he doesn’t read up on the issues—“ He seemed to lack the ability to take in third-party information.” Wolff doesn’t let the incestuous theory get by—“Hicks, sponsored by Ivanka and ever loyal to her, was in fact thought of as Trump’s real daughter, while Ivanka was thought of as his real wife.”
 With a lot of the reviews of the bad editing of the Kindle edition I decided to order &amp; endure the extended wait for the hardcover edition.  I'm hoping that edition will contain satisfactory editing which will make the read easier.<br/><br/>On that note though, I did peruse the Kindle edition belonging to a relative.  I didn't read much at all, just enough to give me a taste, as I didn't want to spoil the impact for me.  But I wasn't all that surprised by the content I did read as it simply reinforces what we have been experiencing over the last year being reported by mainstream news outlets &amp; 45th's incessant tweets.<br/><br/>I am a registered Democrat, though do not always stick to the party line.  It is my opinion that the BEST person for a job should have it even if they aren't of my political affiliation.  Go ahead other Dems, call me a traitor, but I truly am not.  About 95% of the time I do vote my party since that is where I almost always find a candidate who suits what I feel are the needs of this great nation.  That is just one of the great things of the USA...we have the power to make our own choices!<br/><br/>But I am a diehard Trump critic.  So Trump supporters, there's your bullseye to attack me.  I have never been a "fan" long before he even thought of running for POTUS.  Nothing in the world prepared me for him actually winning the election.  Needless to say, my opinion of his policies, temperament, business ethic, supervisory style, personality &amp; lifestyle have only gotten worse.<br/><br/>But so far, through all his antics, America still supports our constitution &amp; the bill of rights as demonstrated by not only the writing of this tome but by the failed attempt by the administration to stop its publication; just one of this administration's attempt to worm its way around our founding father's principles for this country.  Any publication he tries to stop &amp; hates so very much must be full of so many things he wishes not to go public.  That should both scare us &amp; empower us to affect change.
 I got the kindle version this morning. I probably would not have bought this. I will probably see most of this book for free as the media tears into it over the next few weeks. My decision to purchase was based solely on Trump's furious efforts to keep it from coming out. It was well worth 15$ to do my part to keep this at the top of the best-sellers list.
 I am not a phony billionaire.  I am a genuine hourly worker who can afford $15 to show Trump that he can't order a book out of publication in America.  Also, I'm a voter.
 Dear. Mr. Wolff, please write another, this one much more informative. Pretend it’s fiction, but we will know.
 Well-written, insightful, and actually quite balanced despite its somewhat lofty and (delightfully) snarky air. Wolff writes about very unpleasant personalities behaving in unpleasant ways, and he does so unflinchingly. Yet he doesn't do so from some personal attack agenda, and he doesn't let anyone off the hook. Since I have read the book, I have been less bewildered, though no less dismayed, by the behavior coming out of the White House and, to some degree, Congress: Fire and Fury does a lot to create context for those of us who are puzzled by the apparent senselessness of this administration's behavior. Four stars rather than five only because (1) there were some instances where I would have very much liked to have known how Wolff got the info (i.e., was he in the room when a particular conversation was taking place?), and there are several instances of misspellings and/or typos -- probably because Trump's tantrum over the book and his public attempt to suppress it led to it being rushed to its release by the publisher.
 I was mesmerized by this book. Unfortunately I couldn't give it 5 stars.<br/><br/>The details of what has been going on, and probably still are under Donald Trump are terrifying and predictable simultaneously. The POTUS is decimating the GOP and we really do need a 2 party system.<br/><br/>I read it in one sitting. The 5th star was because the author didn't follow strict journalistic rules.<br/><br/> That's unfortunate but were I in his place, I would probably have done the same. The need to let the public in on our President's personality disorder is important and could be considered a public service. And, the certainty of becoming extremely wealthy must have been irresistible.<br/><br/>If I were as wealthy as Michael Wolff must be now, I'd send a copy to every member of both houses. On the other hand, I'll bet every single one has read it, even if it was with a head lamp under the covers. Pretty to think so anyway.
 I personally do not believe there is one bit of " Fake News" in FIRE and FURY. The spin doctors can try to spin it, but anyone with eyes and ears can corroborate the events detailed in the book. There were times when I actually had to laugh out loud at this sad and tragic tale. How far the U.S. has fallen with the election of Donald J. Trump. Excellent read!
 I bought this book as a Kindle e-book and read it very carefully. My $15 contribution to the First Amendment. Having seen Wolff hit the talk circuits I had to wonder how he had any access to anything as important as the White House. That was trepidation enough until I started reading the book. The book will scare the living daylights out you because whatever you thought the Presidency consisted of, we now know that a rotting corpse could be President if there are sufficient sycophants around to "take charge" and advance their own interests. The most interesting aspect of the book are the characterizations of specific individuals: Ivanka "dumb as a brick," Murdoch's characterization of Trump etc.... The book is detail oriented and hammers the point home that NO ONE IS IN CHARGE of the White House and policy making. No one. On the negative side, I had to wonder explicitly where the information comes from. Wolff is slippery on that question. Most of the info is condensed from multiple parties. In other words, it is gossip soup. Apparently, Wolff did tape 'on the record' interviews. It would be interesting to hear some of those first hand reports because, honestly, the book needs more direct citations. After all It is classified as non-fiction. The most interesting take away point is the relationship between the Presidency (any Presidency) and the intelligence community. There is a dance between the President and the FBI, CIA etc.. of which I was totally unaware. This is where Wolff may truly be on to something.
 I would like to believe I'm a rather educated man, however, Michael Wolff spent more time using "big words" to explain even the simplest of topics, than he did on the subject matter.  The story line was all over the place.  I would have enjoyed it more if the chapters were better transitioned.  The only positive outcome of reading this book is I learned the meaning of hundreds of words.  That being said there are also a few grammar and spelling errors in the book. (Note: I am not a Trump supporter, however, I am proud to be American and support democracy and our government)
 Thankfully I'm not a US citizen. If I was, this book would make my cry. Trump never expected or wanted to be US President by all accounts and it started out as a grandiose ego trip that went badly astray when he won.  Well worth the read, if only to confirm one's thoughts on the partisan politics running the USA today.
 Engaging book. I bought it simply because 45 didn't want anyone to buy it. Yes, pretty damning. And we're still here.<br/>Thanks, Michael Wolff.<br/>Stay informed, America.
 This book takes an emotionally strong person to finish without being overcome with anxiety and anger. It's clear that even those closest to Trump think he's unfit for office, yet go a long with it to claim their own power. It's clear to me that America is in the middle of a serious crisis unlike any we've faced before.<br/><br/>A blue wave can't come soon enough.
 I listened to the excellent 12-hour Audible file read by Holter Graham and frankly wished it was longer. It was like a podcast of political horror fiction, a bombardment of multi-layered and gossipy anecdotes that kept me engrossed yet bewildered in wondering just how true any of the book really was (while hoping that is wasn't). Though taken at face value, Fire and Fury is an absolutely terrifying portrayal of unfathomable blundering and sinister plotting and backstabbing that points to inevitably troubling roads ahead for this White House, the nation as a whole, and possibly the world. Critics of the book's the validity have to seriously bear in mind how such a dismissal reflects upon a WH who allowed Wolff seemingly unfettered access to the West Wing for nearly a year. Assuming that even a percentage of the content is false or embellished doesn't change the fact that the WH aided the author in this book's creation. In fact, denying the book's authenticity only further shines a spotlight on the administration's own terrible judgment, in much of the way that Fire and Fury depicts Trump's insipid stupidity and amateurish incompetence. So, read it, listen to it, enjoy it, and try not to freak out.
 When it comes to politics I skim, I’m not a connoisseur,  nevertheless, I was excited to read this book, eager to know all the juicy inside info.  Disappointingly there was hot gossip, but nothing I didn’t already know.  There was confirmation though, of a few things rumored about.  There was some insight of the nature of people I wondered about, like Ivanka and Jared.  I was hoping for more on General Kelly.<br/>In the end it was an easy, if not tedious read - tedious because I was stressed and tired just reading about the atmosphere and tension between all the people in the White House.<br/>Wolff tried to be impartial, but I could feel his contempt for everyone in the White House, and the media.  The book does not really add anything to the trump saga in my opinion, since it was mostly about Bannon, and I guess that makes sense,because it was Bannon Wolff was following.
 One must read this book regardless of whether they believe it to be true or not.<br/><br/>I ordered this book knowing full well that it could only confirm what I think is already true. I thus read it as detached as possible, refusing to lend the credence of fact to it. It is impossible, no matter how much it wasn't, to at this time confirm anything written in this book. It may be entirely factual. It may be a disorganized tapestry of erroneous observations and inferences that only somewhat resembles reality. Neither matters.<br/><br/>This administration has proven that they are capable of lying about things that are factually provable, and then minutes after making a statement, after being confronted with evidence, deny the statement took place. They have bred an environment where everything is believable, because nothing is believable. It has created an environment where any story, told with enough certainty and skill, by anyone with remotely decent credentials, will be believed.<br/><br/>Do not read this book and go to your friends and social media and say, "See!? Everything I think is true has been confirmed!" Likewise do not read it and exclaim, "This is all nonsense! How could anyone believe this!?" Instead read this book and realize that for one of the first times, this is a truly neutral piece of work. It may be entirely partisan and grotesquely incorrect. It may be completely faithful to reality and a recitation of pure fact. It is likely neither, and it is even more likely that the public will never know which it is.
 I couldn't out this book down.  Trump camp has tried to spin this as untrue.  The irony is that, in Trump fashion, Wolff scammed his way into the White House.  After spending months there observing, he offers the point of view only some with long term access can provide.  It largely confirms what anyone following politics has already surmised.
 I know Wolff is somewhat eccentric...you'd have to be to have the chutzpah to hang out at the White House without an invitation...not to mention getting past the secret service every day...but the book is a page-turner with fascinating insights into the workings of the Trump 'chorus line.'  Top marks for the book.
 Anyone who does not feel anger and sadness at the travesty of our current administration will hate this book.<br/><br/>If you, on the other hand, want to know what really goes on in the White House, read this book. Those who see the lies, obstruction, criminality, and outright nasty goings on in Trump's administration, will not be surprised by the revelations herein.<br/><br/>Interesting read.
 The book was full of surprising stories for the first few chapters, but then it started to drag on!  I found that Wolf uses some of the most uncommon words, to the point that almost every few pages I read a word I’d never heard of and English language has always been one of my strengths. It seemed almost deliberate, to the point of superiority.  All in all, this book was a disappointment.
 I am a reader —sometimes even avid, or binge reader where I can read a book<br/>every day or so But…those are fiction. I love a good mystery! Could probably<br/>open a mystery library with all the books I’ve purchased. I’d never bought a<br/>political book before this past yr. I never wanted to read one. I saw through<br/>DJT during the campaign, and, to be honest, couldn’t believe all the people who<br/>fell for his lies, starting with his “inability to disclose his tax returns because<br/>he was being audited”. Hmm, do you think there might have been some ulterior<br/>motives to keep it secret? Disclaimer: I’m not a member of either political<br/>party. As an independent, I think the parties are the scourge of our country.<br/>and responsible for so much of the division and derisiveness running rampant<br/>today. And, like DJT, they’re strictly out for themselves, their egos and power.<br/>This book is an interesting read. Even if you don’t have the news on all day<br/>as I do, you’ll recognize many of the events described from the inside just from<br/>the sound bites and tweets I’m relatively sure no one has been able to avoid.<br/>I think even DJT fans will find it interesting to read about the inner workings<br/>of the Trump campaign and organization. Maybe that should read family.<br/>He’s head of a family—kind of like a Godfather. It’s months now since this book<br/>was published and I have yet to hear anyone say anything in here isn’t true or<br/>factual although I have heard it referred to numerous times.I can understand<br/>why DJT didn’t want it to be published. Wolfe is pretty blunt at times about<br/>what he’s seen, heard or thinks. You can almost see him struggling at times,<br/>trying to stick to the facts  —“Just the facts M’am”.  It’s an inside peak. Must<br/>have  been quite the experience for Wolfe to see and hear so much first hand<br/>—to be that proverbial fly on the wall for so many months.<br/>As you read this book, you might even find yourself experiencing a wide range<br/>of  emotions, from feeling manipulated to disgusted, from laughter to fear,<br/>from fear to dread. You may find yourself shaking your head in disbelief but it’s<br/>real. If nothing else, it’s a good study of human nature and behavior. You get<br/>to know all the players a little better, the scheming, the rivalries and the<br/>alliances.
 I already suspected a lot of the revelations contained herein, but the absolute disfunction of this White House, its occupants and furtively surrounding (and ever revolving!) cast of characters was head-shaking.  Assuming, based on your particular political proclivity, that only 1/3 to 1/2 of these observations and conversations are half-truths or real, the overall realization of what was, and IS happening at 1600 is truly mind-boggling.  This book absolutely held my attention 100% throughout, and I deeply appreciated the author's insight and MOSTLY successful attempt to remain somewhat neutral while reporting.  Overall, this was so unbelievable at times it read like a novel.  Can't wait to see how it all finally ends, for real!
 First 150 pages:<br/>They should call this book Bannon vs. Kushner.  This book so far is boring. I really wanted to love the book but the book is too repetitive and devotes whole Chapters to things that does not matter like CPAC. This book also is 90% about Bannon vs. Kushner not getting along. After 150 pages you will still be on the first month of Trump's presidency. This book should be 125 pages not over 300 pages.<br/><br/>151 pages- end of the book<br/>How many Chapters do we need on Steve Bannon? I will tell you upfront that this book has at least 5 Chapters on Bannon. I can tell that Bannon played a large part in this book as the author makes it seemed that Bannon tried to warn Trump on how to do things like not firing the FBI Director Comey but Trump chose to listen to his son-in-law and daughter who keeps giving him bad advice and is the main reason for the leaks and the nonsense going on in the White House. This book did give out some inside information on the Trump White House such as Trump refusal to listen to his military advisers instead choosing to listen to Ivanka on troop deployments. The book also tells us how dumb Trump is and how he can't read or comprehend anything so his daughter and assistant must make child like videos for him to watch and comprehend military issues. Overall, this book needed more and fell way short of being great. After reading this book. I do not want to hear Steve Bannon's name again because this book is largely about him.
 This book basically fills in details of the Trump campaign and the subsequent response to the victory. In some respects, it's shocking.<br/><br/>But most of it could easily have been predicted by even a modest examination of Donald Trump's entire adult life. The only thing one might find surprising is the possibility that Trump himself might have realized his galactic ego obscured the distinction between wanting it and having it, between getting enough 'buyers' to put him in the White House and actually doing the enormous job of BEING the President of the United States.
 I was so looking forward top this book. Unfortunately I've barely made it past 10 pages. It's like reading gossip, not accurate events. I was left down in purchasing it, i should have saved my money. Do it think i can get a refund this late.
 I thought I'd enjoy this more. But while there were great insights and anecodotes I found myself getting bored. It's not entirely the author's fault. Watch CNN every day and there's some new outrage.So by the time I read Fire And Fury there was little to be surprised about. Plus, personally, I'm so sick of Donald Trump I can barely stand to hear about him anymore.
 I was really looking forward to an expose of sorts and this ends up reading more like a work of speculative fiction. I wanted real "dirt" and there's just too much time spent telling me what other people are thinking and feeling without the kind of information to back it up that is necessary. I only read the first few chapters but I was pretty disappointed in general. It reads more like a Hollywood gossip column or some kind of Fox News infotainment piece than anything else.
 If this book is even partially true, we are in deep trouble.  I voted for Trump in hopes he would change the way Washington works.  I expected a serious, mature, successful CEO business approach to challenge the status quo.  This book reveals not only how Trump leadership is non existent, but how the whole political process is in shambles.  I'm ashamed of what our government has become.
 Fire and Fury didn't tell me much I didn't already know (or suspect) about Donny T. and his minions, but it was still an entertaining read. My one complaint would be that it's too Bannon-heavy. Pretty much every chapter has Sloppy Steve's footprint on it. I was fascinated by the way the staff has to work around Donny to try and get anything done and how pretty much everyone is looking for a way to push his or her own agenda. There's no sense of teamwork here. Everyone is in it for him/herself.
 Very disappointed in this book. It talks more about Steve Bannon and Trump's daughter and son-in-law.  Gave it to my sister to read and she felt the same. It was hyped up which increased the sales, but not a worthwhile read.
 This book is not the typical right verses left story. In fact, the left is mentioned only in passing. This is about the chaos and infighting among the people in the West wing with Trump in charge.  It describes what John McCain, Mitt Romney, the entire Bush family, and multiple other people were concerned about.  Very thought provoking...
 I haven't finished this book. I got tired of reading about Trump's tantrums. Everyone knows already that he lies about everything, so that wasn't exactly new. I bought the book because I hoped it would give me some insight into the idiot in the White House. It didn't. If you like Trump, you'll hate this book. If you don't like Trump, none of it will come as a huge surprise. The author does owe Trump a thank you for making such a stink about it that everyone wanted to read it and see what the fuss was all about. The fuss wasn't worth the meltdown.
 What a great read! First and foremost, Wolff offers us an amazing behind-the-scenes perspective into the disarray in the White House.  Most of us will never get this kind of fly-on-the-wall access. Everyone portrayed seems much more human than they do on TV. That's both reassuring and scary.<br/><br/>The main reason I couldn't put this book down was the amazing pace of cataclysmic events.  Were this a work of fiction, it would seem so implausible that it wouldn't hold my interest.  But since the last 12 months of news corroborates so much of what's in here, it becomes a thriller. (It also makes the news more interesting, like 'bonus material'.)  I read the entire book cover-to-cover in maybe three days.
 Fascinating read. We all sensed this sort of insanity was going on in the White House but this book comes right out and verifies it.<br/><br/>Wolff is a master at his craft. I'm sure Donald Trump hates his guts, which makes him A-OK in my book.
 Michael Wolff is a great story-teller, evoking strong images of people of Trump &amp; Co. entangled in jealousy, intrigue, deception, incompetence, hubris, and ignorance.  If the events had taken place in some distant, but familiar country, the narrative would be engrossing and even addictive to read as something in the tradition of Greek tragedy.  The events are known from news reports, but Wolff provides color and immediacy.  If anything, the breathtaking degree of detail is too great to be journalism, because the author could not have been a first-hand observer of many of the events.  He does say that he had many -- anonymous -- interviews with people of the White House.  Rather, the engaging narrative is more like "historical fiction", in which real events are described with embellishments to provide verisimilitude.  Viewed in this way, the book is an engaging "page-turner."<br/><br/>However, the events that Wolff describes are real and take place in this country, and there are intense political connections.  That fact changes everything.  Depending upon the reader's political preference, this book may range from being a very engaging read to a despicable scandal sheet.  The strongly anti-Trump readers will be having Raves, and the strongly pro-Trump readers will be in denial.  There is room for readers between these two extremes to read, learn, and to reflect on the real events, apart from the embellishments.<br/><br/>I don't know Wolff's credentials as a journalist, but based on this book, he is a very good story-teller.  He begins with the assertion that Trump &amp; Co. had no expectation that he would win, and as a consequence, they were totally unprepared for that event.  His narrative provides a clean timeline of major events that have been well documented by others.  There were no huge surprises compared to existing public accounts of the atmosphere of the Trump World, and many of the accounts ring true with what has been said elsewhere.  However, the amount of detail offered is new and breathtaking.  It reads much like contemporary notes taken by a firsthand witness to the events.  The author essentially states that that is not the case; rather he has assembled a narrative from information he received from numerous people within Trump &amp; Co., whose closeness to the actual events described is not -- cannot -- be revealed.  However, it is an easy conclusion that Steve Bannon was a major source.<br/><br/>One of the most important events described is the leading up to the meeting of Donald Trump Jr., Jared Kushner, and Paul Manafort with Russians in June 2016 at Trump Tower, and the fallout when knowledge of the meeting becomes public a year later.  There is panic among the principals while traveling to and from Germany for the G20 Summit when the NY Times article is about to be filed.  Wolff's narrative is exceptionally vivid in describing the mixture of panic, confusion, infighting, blame-laying, desperation, and incompetence of those involved in generating a response to the article.<br/><br/>One place where Wolff falls down is the Epilogue.  It reads like an afterthought.  The book should have simply ended with Bannon's departure and avoided the temptation of prognostication.  Not only is the tone different from the rest of the book, but some of it simply did not work out "as planned."<br/><br/>There is an extreme irony: The satirical article titled "We Have a Serious Problem" by Douglas McGrath in the New Yorker of 18 January 2016 on the developing Trump candidacy could well be used as the prologue of this book.  It begins with Trump deciding to run as a publicity stunt, and ends with him saying, "We have a serious problem ... I might win."  At the time it was written, it was a harsh parody.  Now, the meshing of the satire before and the reality now is unsettling.  Harvey Weinstein is even mentioned in the first paragraph, albeit in a different context from that of today!<br/><br/>Think of this book as a good movie about real historical events.  Whether or not the movie is correct in details, its vivid images form the lasting memory of the events.  It will become a defining moment in the Trump saga, and it is a must-read for both opponents and proponents of Donald J. Trump as President of the United States.
 Even though I despise Trump, this was a very boring and predictable book. Couldn’t read it. Poorly written.
 I was delighted to receive my copy of this book. Two immediate actions: 1. Remove the cover leaf and shred. I do not want that particular image anywhere around me.  2. Having previously voted for 'None of the above,' I placed the book itself in a place where I will not have to see it again. I did not purchase the book to read. I purchased it as my Protest Vote. Very gratifying.
 Surprisingingly good read. Of course there's plenty of gossip here but it comes close to giving some reasonable explanations for the apparently inexplicable.<br/>The author also has a sense of humor. Unless you're a bootlicking supporter of 45 you will find it worthwhile to read.
 This is a fun read, if a bit alarming when you consider the dysfunction running rampant through the White House. A great deal of the information in it seems to have come from Steve Bannon, so no wonder really that the Mercers have ceased to have very much to do with him since the book came out. I read this concurrent with the new revelations coming out about Cambridge Analytica, which has Bannon's and the Mercer's fingerprints all over it. Seems like we've just seen the tip of the iceberg re electoral shenanigans, and Fire and Fury is a good place to start to understand just what those shenanigans have reaped for us mere citizens.<br/><br/>There is a lot in here, so the presentation is somewhat frenetic, almost as if it's racing to keep up with developments as they happen. I thought it would be more gossipy than it is, and on balance, it actually seems quite thoroughly documented ... although understandably, without attribution. I wouldn't call it balanced, but then the administration itself is unbalanced so how could the book be otherwise? On the whole, well written, smart, (I made extensive use of my dictionary) entertaining, and informative.
 Over the past year Trump has clearly shown the world the type of president and man that he is. The 71 year old World class Narcissistic, Unqualified, and Incompetent man should not be commander in chief and one of the world leaders. This book reinforces what all of us have witnessed and already know.
 I'm still in the process of listening to this VERY informative material, but so far an exciting  "eye-opening bunch  of news!
 As expected, there are no real surprises in content, and nothing implausible in the book's claims about the Trump campaign's lack of expectation or desire to win the election, Trump's utter incompetence or unprofessionalism in the job, the in-fighting and petty fiefdoms that arose among Trump's equally unworthy Cabinet, the view from seeming supporters that Trump is an "idiot," the unethical machinations of the Trumpkins to parlay the presidency into more money and power for themselves, the zanies with whom Trump surrounds himself because he really can't recruit "the best people," etc. etc.<br/><br/>Any objectively attentive observer of the Trump campaign and presidency has long been able to see that he is unfit for the job of U.S. President, always was, and that he did not really hope to be elected to it or to do any actual work if he were.  Wolff's book confirms this with details not evident to those outside the Trump White House or inner circle of confidants.  These details are often fun to read, in a Schadenfreudian sort of way -- though I would still rather have an admirable President who can keep up with the job than a risible one who is dangerously out of his depth and taking us all down with him.<br/><br/>What is striking about the book is the degree of specificity, which sometimes beggars belief.  Wolff explains how he comes by the information he has, including recordings of conversations -- and others have confirmed the sieve-like nature of the Trump White House when it comes to leaking information.  But it is still odd to read direct quotes from meetings and private conversations, or from White House staff being so bluntly candid about the nincompoopery of Trump and his "team."  Did they really say these things to or in front of Wolff?<br/><br/>More than that, Wolff's novelistic style of writing includes descriptions of things he is unlikely to know, like the interior monologues or emotional states of those he describes.  He goes beyond strictly objective journalism in that regard.<br/><br/>The one thing that IS surprising to me about the book is the number and frequency of errors in orthography, punctuation, and usage -- and the creakiness of Wolff's syntax.  At least once every three or four pages, a word is misspelled or misused, quoted errors are not flagged with a " sic]", Latin and French phrases are not regularly italicized (but are preciously over-used), compound adjectives are not consistently hyphenated, the distinction between "who" and "whom" is ignored, and comma placement is almost a free-for-all.  Meanwhile, Wolff's favorite sentence structure, though usually coherent, tends annoyingly and unnecessarily to separate subject and predicate with long, sometimes multi-level dependent clauses and phrases.  More than once, having made my way through a nested series of subordinate clauses, appositives, non-restrictive phrases and digressions, I had to go back to the start of the sentence to remember what Wolff was talking about.  This became increasingly irritating.<br/><br/>I know the book was rushed to distribution to both avoid and take advantage of Trump's attempt to stop its publication, but the editor whom Wolff thanks in his acknowledgments still could have done a better job.  If Wolff's publisher, Holt, is looking for a new editor for the paperback edition, I'm willing to do it -- for a price.
 Didn't tell us anything we didn't already know from CNN
 "Fire and Fury" confirmed much of what I have suspected about the Trump administration from various media outlets, as well as from other informational texts.  Wolff's narrative explains what happened "before" and "after" Trump's Twitter storms and his statements to the press.  I had no difficulty believing what I was reading because it tracked so clearly with everything I've seen since Trump announced that he was running.  The attributed quotations and the list of sources named in the Acknowledgements adds to Wolff's credibility. Trump's response to the book further lends credibility to Wolff.  Wolff's book is like a voice-over of a Trump montage of the past two years.
 Reading the background info on Trump actions over the last year plus, clarifies the dysfunction based upon the greed for power of all these soulless individuals. The only character not present was Satan!
 I recommend this book as a way of getting a feel for being inside the White House for the first two hundred days of Trump’s administration. Just the fact that he was there, given access, and was unsupervised speaks volumes to the chaos in the White House. Bannon seems to be his most valuable and credible informant.  Worth reading!
 If you thought that you knew how bad it was from the reporting of responsible journalists (CNN, NPR, BBC, etc.) , you weren't even close ...<br/><br/>If you're going to vote in 2020, you must READ this book ...<br/><br/>Can't even begin to picture how the history books are going to present this period, but they might start by reviewing The Dangerous Case of Donald Trump:27 Psychiatrists and Mental Health Experts Assess A President ...
 In my stream consciences, I retell myself what has happened since 2000 (Politics)<br/><br/>"Clinton leaves, Bush wins nothing much happens for a while, 9/11 happens, war on terror (why not), Bush flies the last mission in Iraq, but wait war continues, terror alerts suck, FBI knows my library history, no end to war, someone hit Bush with a shoe, something about housing market, TD Bank is safe, Hope and Change I didn’t see that coming, Obama wins but inherits crap, Fox News interviewing people claiming Obama took their country away, this can only get worse, while Tea Party people creep me out they should have a voice , college campuses are too PC , not feeling Obama’s policies  to vote for him again ( War sucks) , nearing the end of the Obama era overall B-, Ben Carson you have no hope, looking at Ted Cruz gives me the uncanny valley, Ted Cruz’ s dad and JFK, Donald Trump awful human being and  a con artist no way he will win, not sure about HRC , please HRC give it back to him talk about his hands, pussy grabbing, don’t back down, Donald wins…Oh F...."<br/><br/>Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House is well written and not one thing surprises me, it is a little gossipy with Sloppy Steve yapping to whomever he can. I enjoy politics and debates, but it has become entertainment for us to consume and to ignore policies that are being pushed that may or may not affect us all.  The “me politics,” you can hear that every time he speaks, you can hear that when people talk about what they want not what the country needs to grow and survive.  This book reads like a Soap Opera who’s in and who’s out, who is winning and who is sad. I don’t know if everything in this book factual but we are living in a fact-free world, but if 80% of what he wrote is accurate then that’s horrifying.
 Bought this when it first came out and just got around to reading it (April 2018). Wow. If you really want to understand what is going on now in the White House, this will give you the background about the various factions, etc.  I found myself thinking again and again:  "Oh, so THAT'S why that (name an event) happened." I had not realized how much Ivanka and Jared Kushner's "advice" has impacted things -- in particular, hirings and firings.  In another universe they could have been a force for good.  The nepotism rule should absolutely be exercised in the White House.  Bannon is revealed as the malevolent and evil creature I always suspected him to be times 100.  Trump -- you really have to wonder if he is pre-Alzheimer's, as well as afflicted with the various -isms of mental illnesses that are widely discussed in the media. I doubt there has ever been anyone so ill-prepared, intellectually deficient, and emotionally weak to hold the job of US President. Those of us who were in shock for a month after the election knew in our hearts this was the case. Certainly the maniacal tweets are evidence, as well.  But this book's many stories are just more evidence.
 I thoroughly enjoyed Michael Wolf's alarming and detailed account of the chaos, infighting and inner workings of the Trump transition and White House so far. It's not suprising that the least qualified, worst Presidential candidate in history has made an absolute mockery of the Presidency, turning it into a tawdry, tabloid reality TV show. The book helps to shed light on some of the most controversial and unpopular decisions made by this President. Wolf describes a White House ruled by constant infighting amongst Trump's top advisers, and presided over by a petulant child, obsessed with having the mainstream media fawn over him and incapable of accepting responsibility for his own bad decisions and offensive behavior.
 So he's saying that Bannon and the alt-right, Trumpism movement is going to be kept alive and funded by a collection of billionaires and the 35% who support Bannon's ideology.  I really don't want that future.
 Well written and researched.  It is a page turner.  I read it all the day after it came out and literally couldn't put it down until I had finished it.  It is a really interesting portrait of the inside dynamics of the white house transition period and first year.  It's high drama, which isn't generally my interest.  But, in this case, it seems corroborated from what has been public about the administration.  And, while it is far from reassuring, I'd rather know.
 The truth is out
 I feel so much better after reading it. I was sure Trump was racist, crazy and/or evil. Now I know he's not. He is just an ignorant, inexperienced fool.<br/>I believed every word in the book. It wasn't really "Trump Bashing" at all. It just explains him perfectly. I was shocked at the people with whom he has surrounded himself. Their own agendas will bring him down.
 Not the easiest read, but an important insight into the incompetence of everyone in the White House. It's amateur hour in Washington and we're all paying the price.
 Extremely helpful in trying to comprehend the incomprehensible.  Woolf is a “fly on the wall” whose insights are invaluable to understanding (and I use that word loosely) the Trump administration.  Given how ridiculously ignorant the American public must be to elect such an obviously unqualified and incompetent person to be President, it makes one wonder if a basic civics and American history test should be administered every 4 years to prospective voters to successfully pass before being allowed near a voting booth.  This was the easiest election decision in history.  And yet apparently American citizens take their democracy so much for granted (over half CHOSE not to go near a voting booth assuming they were even aware that a Presidential election was happening).  An informed and educated citizenry is the only way to inoculate the country from morons, charlatans, and foreigners (Russians).  I truly feel sorry and embarrassed - the fragility of our democracy, on which the world itself depends, is on display for everyone to see.<br/><br/>Maybe the FBI should start looking into Rupert Murdoch’s connections to Russia.  His Fox News network has certainly been effective in softening up an already semi-ignorant, apathetic public and creating the hyper-partisanship that now exists.  Without this, the Russians’ efforts would have failed as they always have.  Even now, Sean Hannity and Fox News tries to indict the FBI and the Justice Dept. on behalf of Trump.  Stunning.  And the Republican Party not only fiddles while flames lick at American democracy, they now choose to fan them.  And still no public outrage.<br/><br/>“You have a Republic, if you can keep it,” said Ben Franklin in 1787.  That remains to be seen.
 This is the stuff we didn't see when we watched the News, but expected was going on behind the scenes.  Wonderful turn of phrase, frequent use of the dictionary function on my Kindle was well rewarded.  Thank you for expanding my view of the universe and helping me put our current reality into context.
 Great read on what life in the swamp is really like.  Even if only half is true that is enough to make you want to throw up.
 I LOVE when he says “Stephen Miller, a 55-year-old man trapped in a 32-year-old man’s body...” I hate him so much!
 A lot of assumptions based on the subjects' intent and unspoken inner dialogue, but an entertaining read, and watching the 24-hour news cycle, it was not hard to draw those conclusions along with the author. Take it with a grain of salt, and know that the negative reviews you see are all just readers pouting that someone said mean things about their guy in office.
 Excellent! Very well written and audible is very well done. Incredible access and insider views of a cross section of the executive branch. Author is uniquely qualified to write this book and uniquely well connected to the very people he wrote about and people and events he chose not to write about. This is an historic book. This book is a must read for anyone interested in political science!
 I cant give this book enough praise knowing what Wolff was putting up with while publication of this piece must of been agonizing. When it starts the rollercoaster begins. Only problem is not even the writer can tell you how this will end. I among many I suppose  have speculated what trumps white house looks like and I have to admit, its so much worse than  I thought. In depth character analysis of all the big name players that actually are tasked with running this country is almost surreal.  Beautiful job of painting the vivid picture of the circus that is the Trump presidency.  Do yourself a favor and read this book soon.
 This book shows that, according to Michael Wolff, Trump secretly didn't expect to, and wasn't fully prepared to win the Republican nomination or the presidency. Apparently Trump wanted to become a stronger TV personality through running -- but he himself never expected to win. And, then, I know (from other sources) that Hillary and the DNC actually wanted Trump as the Republican candidate (they called it their Pied-Piper strategy); because, Hillary and the DNC wrongly believed that it would be easy to win against Trump.  So with an absolutely tragic error in judgment, Hillary, John Podesta, the DNC, etc. got the mainstream media to promote Trump with millions and millions of dollars worth of free TV exposure actually hoping for Trump to be the Republican nominee. So everyone, including Trump, was shocked when Trump won. It turned out that Steve Bannon was key and instrumental in creating a strategy that helped Trump to win through the book and documentary disparaging Hillary Clinton known as "Clinton Cash." Bannon also helped Trump with the strategy of branding Trump as a so-called populist outsider "for the people." But Trump, being a bit of a narcissist with little loyalty or empathy to anyone -- it apparently didn't take long for Trump to devalue and dump Bannon (as Trump doesn't want anyone taking some of the credit for his success). All in all, lots of folly, mistakes, and errors in judgement all around. Basically an endless comedy of errors. The book is pretty out-of-date by now, but still gives good insight for some aspects of the early Trump administration and how Trump pretty much fell into the job of President of the United States.
 Great book that I have not read...yet. 5 stars just because of the attempt at censorship. I probably should buy dozens of copies for my friends.
 Highly entertaining; a real page turner! Anyone wanting a look inside this chaotic administration could do no better than this book. I follow politics pretty closely, and not only did all of this ring totally true, but it really gave me an increased depth of understanding about all the different players/factions within the White House. It's added to my enjoyment watching the (continuing) madness that has occurred this week - Hope Hicks is out; Kushner's security has been downgraded; McMaster looks to be leaving shortly, etc. Get yourself a copy and enjoy the ride...but don't wait too long or you may be reading it as a historical document (i.e., the cast of characters may all be gone)!
 First half better than second half.  It began to drag after the midway point but I did manage to finish it.  Trump lovers will of course hate it and Trump haters will like it, up to a point.  Again, a bit draggy after the mid-point and Wolff used a few words that I deem $5 words.  My vocabulary is EXCELLENT (seriously) and there were a couple of words I actually had to look up. Five dollar words should only be used in highly literary works NOT in something for the general public.
 Wolff provides ecstatic amounts of firsthand anecdotal evidence to prove how historically insane the Trump White House truly is, which is surprisingly even more so than one could have imagined.<br/><br/>However the book will likely do little to convince anyone of anything, as those who will be receptive to it already know Trump and his rise to our highest office is indicative of a fractured citizenry and a systematically brainwashed voting populace. Anyone who supports Trump will never read a word, or simply decry it as fake news.<br/><br/>Wolff's writing style isn't the friendliest either, though he masterfully integrates dozens of players throughout this maze of a cluster**** which no modern director could reasonably portray on screen without generating millions of incredulous eyerolls.
 Great read.  Get out and vote in 2018!  Take our country back from these low lives!
 The author may have taken some poetic license, but this book rings true. If even 10% is accurate, something must be done. The GOP should never allowed this national embarrassment to occur. We’ll-written with laser instincts.
 Although there may be some specifics that are open to challenge, the evidence of the book is convincing and makes an overwhelmingly strong case that the key appointees of the Administration are more often than not grossly unqualified for the positions they occupy, anti-Science, anti-fact, and committed to agendas favoring a selected few. The book highlights how Trump's lack of knowledge and experience for political office is appalling and his blind commitment to ideas such as the wall and dismantlement of environmental laws horrifying. Can someone please move us forward in time to the next Presidential election? This book ought to be required reading for every American, unfortunately much of his base, like him. doesn't read collegiate level books or articles with multiple viewpoints. It was the Roman Senator Seneca who said "Many might have attained to wisdom had they not assumed they already possessed it",certainly the case for our self acclaimed genius.
 A must read for every American. I think we all knew that Trump would be a horrible President, that being said I don’t think anyone could have imagined how awful. This book gives clear insight in to the behind the scenes of this incredibly dysfunctional White House.
 Fire and Fury summarizes what we've heard and read in the media and adds background we didn't. The book provides insights about the source snd "strategy" of the numerous information leaks, most of which have been attributed by the administration as coming from adversaries. Not so fast!
 The hard part about reading this book is not knowing how much of it is true. Even the most well-informed person has no way of knowing the truth.  It was an interesting read, compelling even. As a Trump loather it confirmed all my prejudices.
 Author Michael Wolff wrote in the “Author’s Note” of this 2018 book, “The reason to write this book could not be more obvious. With the inauguration of Donald Trump… the United States entered the most extraordinary political storm since at least Watergate. I set out to tell this story in as contemporaneous a fashion as possible, and to try to see life in the Trump White House through the eyes of the people closest to it… almost every I contacted---senior members of the White House staff as well as dedicated observers of it… went to great effort to help shed light on the unique nature of life inside the Trump White House… what this book is about is a group of people who have struggled… to come to terms with the meaning of working for Donald Trump.”<br/><br/>He points out, “Almost all the professionals who were now set to join him were coming face to face with the fact that it appeared he knew nothing. There was simply no subject, other than perhaps building construction, that he had substantially mastered. Everything with him was off the cuff. Whatever he knew he seemed to have learned an hour before---and that was mostly half-baked. But each new member of the Trump team was convincing him- or herself otherwise---because … the man had been elected president… while everybody … knew about his wide-ranging ignorance… they yet found him somehow INSTINCTIVE… he was a force of personality. He could make you believe.” (Pg. 22)<br/><br/>He notes, “The Trump campaign had built its central strategy around great rallies… For the Trump team, this unmediated connection… was revelatory, and new, personal, and inspirational politics… the problem was that it often---in fact regularly---produced assertions that were not remotely true. This had led increasingly to the two-different-realities theory of Trump politics. In the one reality, which encompassed most of Trump’s supporters, his nature was understood and appreciated… In the other reality, in which resided most of his antagonists, his virtues were grievous if not mental and criminal flaws. In this reality lived the media, which… believed it could diminish him and wound him … and rob him of all credibility by relentlessly pointing out how literally wrong he was.” (Pg. 46) He adds, “the frequently asked question about whether Trump would continue his unsupervised and inexplicable tweets now that he was… the president of the United States… was answered: he would. This was his fundamental innovation in governing: regular, uncontrolled bursts of anger and spleen.” (Pg. 48)<br/><br/>He says, “In the White House view, this was Trump as his best. He was most at home around people he respected… who seemed to respect him, too. This became a staff goal---to create situations in which he was comfortable, to construct something of a bubble, to wall him off from a mean-spirited world… Trump was often his own stage manager at these events, directing people in and out of the picture.” (Pg. 89)<br/><br/>He observes, “Here was, arguably, the central issue of the Trump presidency.. he didn’t process information in any conventional sense---or, in a way, he didn’t process it at all. Trump didn’t read. He didn’t really even skim. If it was print, it might as well not exist. Some believed that for all general purposes he was no more than semiliterate… Some thought him dyslexic… Others concluded that he didn’t read because he just didn’t have to… He was postliterate---total television. But not only didn’t he read, he didn’t listen. He preferred to be the person talking. And he trusted his own expertise… more than anyone else’s. What’s more, he had an extremely short attention span, even when he thought you were worthy of attention.” (Pg. 113-114)<br/><br/>He states, “After the attorney general’s  Jeff Sessions] recusal  about Mueller probe], the president, whose instinctive reaction to every problem was to fire someone, right away, thought he should just get rid of Sessions. At the same time, there was little doubt in his mind about what was happening here. He knew where this Russia stuff was coming from, and if these Obama people thought they were going to get away with it they had another think coming. He would expose them all!” (Pg. 156)<br/><br/>Of Trump’s accusations of Obama wiretapping Trump Tower, “This was pure public exclamation… it seemed kooky and farcical… the wiretap tweets had pulled  Trump] highest and most left him dangling in ignorance and embarrassment… But in the end, this was another… example of how difficult it was for the president to function in a literal, definitional, lawyerly, cause-and-effect political world.” (Pg. 159-160)<br/><br/>Of former FBI director James Comey, Wolff explains, “Trump… believed that Comey admired HIS banter and game… The president was all but certain that Comey, understanding that  Trump] had his back (i.e., had let him keep his job), would have Trump’s back, too. But now this testimony  before the House Intelligence Committee on March 20]… health care, a no-fun issue… palled before the clarity of Comey, and the fury, enmity, and bitterness Trump… now bore him… Taking Comey down was the obvious solution. Getting Comey became the mission.” (Pg. 169-170)<br/><br/>He notes, “the president’s views of foreign policy and the world at large were among its most random, uninformed, and seemingly capricious aspects. His advisers didn’t know whether he was an isolationist or a militarist, or whether he could distinguish between the two. He was enamored with generals… but he hated to be told what to do… He had little to no experience in foreign policy, but he had no respect for the experts, either.” (Pg. 184)<br/><br/>He points out, “While Trump was in most ways a conventional misogynist, in the workplace he was much closer to women than to men. The former he confided in, the latter he held at arm’s length. He liked and needed his office wives, and he trusted them with his most important personal issues. Women, according to Trump, were simply more loyal and trustworthy than men. Men…  were] most likely to have their own agenda. Women, by … Trump’s version of their nature, were more likely to focus their purpose on a man. A man like Trump.” (Pg. 200)<br/><br/>He recounts, “Not only had the decision  to fire FBI director James Comey] been made by the president with almost no consultation except that of his inner family circle…  Deputy Attorney General Rod] Rosenstein and Session’s parallel rationale for the firing was shoehorned in at the last minute, at which point, at  son-in-law Jared] Kushner’s direction, the initial explanation of Comey’s firing became that the president had acted solely on their recommendation… But this pretense unraveled almost immediately, not least because most everyone in the West Wing, wanting nothing to do with the decision to fire Comey, was helping to unravel it… But the president seemed also to want it known that he, aroused and dangerous, personally took down Comey… it WAS personal.” (Pg. 217-218) He adds, “in the instance of Comey and Mueller… there really wasn’t anybody, other than the president’s family, who didn’t very pointedly blame Trump himself… Nobody now believed that firing Comey was a good idea; even the president seemed sheepish.” (Pg. 232-233)<br/><br/>He notes, “everybody believed that if the  Mueller] investigation moved into the long chain of Trump financial transactions, it would almost certainly reach the Trump family and the Trump White House. And then there was the president’s insistent claim that he could do something. ‘I can fire him,’  Trump] would say… The idea of a showdown in which the stronger, more determined, more intransigent, more damn-the-consequences man prevails was central to Trump’s own personal mythology. He lived in a mano a mano world… And if you made it personal, if you believed that when the fight  became]… kill or be killed, you were unlikely to meet someone willing to make it as personal as you were. This was  Chief Strategist Stephen] Bannon’s fundamental insight about Trump: he made EVERYTHING personal, and he was helpless not to.” (Pg. 241)<br/><br/>He summarizes, “The fundamental premise of nearly everybody who joined the Trump White House was, ‘This can work. We can help make this work.’ Now, only three-quarters of the way through just the first year of Trump’s term, there was literally not one member of the senior staff who could any longer be confident of that premise… most members of the senior staff believed that the sold upside of being part of the Trump White House was to help prevent worse from happening.” (Pg. 304)<br/><br/>This is a fascinating, controversial, and illuminating “inside” portrait of the Trump presidency, that will be of great interest to those wanting such information.
 Like watching a train wreck, the book left me wanting to hear more.<br/><br/>Most of what he writes about you've already read about in the NY Times, Washington Post, or Wall Street Journal but having found so many people in the White House willing to speak unfettered to Wolff, you'll get many more details.<br/><br/>You can't say the people of New York City who knew Trump very well didn't try to warn the rest of the country that he was nothing but a con artist. But like rebellious teenagers, they had to ignore the elites ("Who are they to tell us what to do.") and get taken hook-line-and-sinker by the guy. Now they're doing mental gymnastics to try to continue defending and believing in the guy.<br/><br/>What a mess we're in.<br/><br/>At times hastily written and not the best English, but you know you're not reading it expecting "War and Peace" quality.
 Absolutely fascinating look into the day-to day struggles of the Trump Campaign and White House. More sympathetic (I thought) to Trump than has been portrayed in the media; Bannon looks pretty terrible as the primary bomb-thrower and Agent of Chaos. Would love to read a sequel in another year. It was also much better written than I expected, like a long New Yorker article--I had the Kindle edition, which had almost no printing errors in it (I caught one missed word, that was all). Definitely a must-read for any student of history.
 I know. Michael Wolff is a slimebag. He lied to get inside, and there is no way to have that detailed of conversation from 3rd party recollections. These truths self evident, the book is a must read for those who follow the news cycles. Much of what I read and wondered about what was going on behind the scenes at least confirmed the jist of what I imagined. Also, it confirms that collusion is not what will bring this whole thing down, it is money laundering.
 "This was the peculiar and haunting consensus--not that Trump was guilty of all that he was accused of, but that he was guilty of so much else. It was all too possible that the hardly plausible would lead to the totally credible." These two lines from "Fire and Fury" sum up Wolff's entirely cringe-worthy tome. No wonder Trump and his allies attacked it so vociferously (and in the process made it a best seller). Trump consistently comes across as a man who never grew intellectually or emotionally beyond the ego-centric wants and demands of a seven year old and Bannon as his gleeful abettor. Yes, there were glaring factual errors (people with similar names mixed up, etc.) that should have been caught and corrected, but overall, I think it provides the reader, in this era where the president of the US lies with impunity on a daily if not hourly basis with a very intimate and appalling view of the Greek tragedy that is the Trump white house that has an unshakable ring of truth to it. It is an important addition to the history of the Trump administration and the smoking wreckage it will leave in its wake, forever changing and not for the better the institution of the US presidency, the US as a nation, and the world as a whole.
 Wolfe writes so well, much better than anticipated given early reviews.  He is facile and engaging.  The book’s content has been challenged by the establishment press yet I know the author stands by all its factual content,  In any case, I believe he has brilliantly captured the sense of both Trump and Trump’s White House.  Some of his vignettes had me laughing hysterically, but beyond the humor I want to cry.  The painful reality is this president is grossly incapable of handling his office.  For me, Trump has been the poster child of everything that is vulgar and decadent in our society since the 1980s.  He is morally repugnant and his anti-intellectual disdain for his high office is a tragedy for our great country.  His impeachment cannot come soon enough, and Wolfe should celebrate his role in contributing to that eventuality.
 This is a "have to" read. Couldn't put the book down and did a lot of OMGs and had to share. It's a WOW.
 It's probably a measure of how absolutely fascinating this Trump Administration has been that I actually got to the end of this book. This has nothing to do with the quality of the writing and more to do with my trumpian attention span. I really have trouble intently reading a book and it can take me months. I polished this off in a week and I have to say that I enjoyed the read. There have been critics of the factual accuracy of Wolff's interpretation of events but I think that there is a lot of envy among the media for the level of access that Wolff was able to gain and I find his version entirely plausible and consistent. I got my money's worth and I would strongly recommend this book.
 After watching the actions in the White house for the past year, from the outside, it is interesting to compare it with a view from the inside.
 There is nothing in this book that will surprise anyone who has watched the dumpsterfire that has been the Trump presidency.<br/><br/>The book makes it clear that Trump wanted to run for president -- maybe even to win! -- but he really did not want to serve as president, which is one reason why he is doing such a terrible job of it. Folks have been nit-picking and fact-checking this book, line by line, but even it only 80 per cent of it is true, then we have a truly horrendous president. Based on everything I have read and seen from many news sources, including those on the Right, I estimate the book's accuracy at well over 90 per cent.<br/><br/>Buy and read this book. But don't expect to be truly surprised.
 This book repeatedly left me wondering how this current political quagmire will play out. If even part of what this book reports is accurate, how can the government continue to function? The fact that things have managed as long as they have seems to be a testament to the strength of our form of government. It would be easy to see how a coup or other usurpation could have occurred, but so far, dysfunctional as it may be, the "government" has persevered - rule of law still holds (if seemingly slow in asserting itself). For me, the bigger question is what can I, as a single citizen, do to make things better? I don’t want to do anything in direct response to Trump (or the craziness he has spawned), but rather I want to find something that is worth doing because it is the right thing to do. I hear too many people talking about what they have to do to counter Trump and his supporters, and not considering what the "right" thing to do is regardless of what others are doing. It seems to me that it is more important to do what is "right" rather than just respond to what is wrong. There has to be a moral high ground to take instead of stooping to fighting fire with Fire.
 Confirms much of what we know about this man.
 Pulls the curtain back on the inexperience, in-fighting, manipulation and conflicting political agendas Donald Trump brought into the White House. Critics are quick to point out that the stories often conflict, so they can't be true. But just like in any case where there are multiple sides, there will be conflicting stories from multiple perspectives. That does not mean that any one of them or all of them are wrong, but rather that the truth lies somewhere in between. Wolff does an admirable job of bringing these to the forefront and attempting to make some sense out of them. The wake up call in the book is not that there are conflicting stories, but rather that there so many issues with so many conflicting stories which in turn are having a devastatingly detrimental effect on the United States of America at home and abroad. Such dysfunction will never yield any good in a family, an organization, a corporation, a school - and especially in the White House.
 The biggest obstacle in reading this book is that the story is still evolving on TV every day whereas this book mostly felt like a review of what we already knew, assuming we weren't just tuned in to Fox (Trump) "News". I'm guessing most one star reviews were by Trump supporters for obvious reasons. This might be enlightening to those people but I would suspect they wouldn't enjoy being enlightened. So I can't recommend this book to them (but I hope they read it anyway). For those who are regular viewers of MMS this is a worthwhile read if nothing else but to just support those authors who bring to light the chaos president and his administration we know and endure.
 I thought I could not face reading Fire and Fury since it would be so upsetting, but it turned out to be oddly comforting. Mr Wolff, self-described fly on the wall in the West Wing, paints a picture of Trump much as I expected he would be. What comforted me was the notion that so many of the people surrounding him are not, for the most part working for him because they think he should be president, but rather that they realize he should not, and they have (had) hopes of mitigating the damage.<br/><br/>The level of chaos actually made me laugh out loud at several points, not because I thought it was funny that our government is in such disarray, but because seeing just what a fool this emperor without clothes really is gave me hope that he can not possibly stay in power, not with an endless supply of his own feet, and those of his clueless flunkies, for him to shoot, as he does on a daily , if not hourly, basis.<br/><br/>This book certainly kept me reading. It needed editing. There are missing words, etc, that should have been caught, and I suspect we are seeing the effects of a rush to market.
 An entertaining but scary  read. Nothing about this current President comes as a surprise but it gives a fascinating background to the movers and players involved.I found it almost "unputdownable". Wolff actually writes very well (contrary to some reviews)and he really does have the whole "fly on the wall" perspective perfectly formed. The character of Bannon is particularly vividly realised. I can't wait for the mini series.
 How dare the slanderer in Chief tell us what we can't read.
 When this book was first released, there was a lot of speculation and commentary about the salacious nature of the White House, and how exciting this book would be.  There was also a lot of caution that therefore the book was not to be trusted.  My experience in reading this book was that it was balanced, and matched what I was familiar with from other sources and what is available for all of us to see and experience.  It is a well-balanced account of what is going on inside the White House, what we are paying for with this family, and what we are risking in having elected this family.  Trump's family and his cronies all have a well-documented history, and it is not a good one. Some things are funny:  who wouldn't laugh at the name Jarvanka for the combo of Ivanka and Jarad as they stroll around the grounds or climb the steps to the plane?  But for the most part this is a well-documented observation of the tragedy that we live with.
 Bought this book if for nothing else to piss Trump off.  Will be best $15 spent.  Hope to see this on the best sellers list so I'm doing my part.  And yes I can't wait to read it.  He has spent the last year pissing me off so turn about is fair play!
 A sad recounting of our executive branch.  Most amazing is that 35% of Americans still support this non-leader.  It's not just Trumps right wing politics, which he has effectively used to co- op the conservatives to support him, its that this part of America is willing to support such incompetence so their "side" wins.<br/><br/>As we pass the first year in office , I'd like to see all Americans say "America First", not the "Trump and Trump Family" first.  Support America, not one who doesn't have the understanding of its greatness and singularity
 Very interesting to get an inside look in all the power plays and lobbying going on in the Trump White House.
 I am just getting into this book, and it is a page-turner. Highly recommend it, I have not been able to put it down all day! Hoping I can finish it before tomorrow.
 A must read . Laugh out loud funny. If only it wasn't so scary. Bannon actually seems smart compared to trump. Bannon....
 This book is as frightening as anything I have ever read. A must read for Americans of all political stripes.  If fiction it would be a cautionary tale of the danger of political neophytes in positions of power.<br/><br/>May we all live through this!
 As the headline states, this is one of the many books written about Trump and his... Interesting time in office so far. If you are a fan of him, this is just more "fake news" to complain about. If you're not a fan of Trump, it's just more of what we already knew, and nothing really is at all shocking.<br/><br/>Still, not a bad read for some behind the scenes look at what was going on.
 While somewhat bombastic at times in its presentation, the book offers an insider view of a president in so far over his head, he doesn't know which way is up. One is left to wonder how much longer we have to suffer this buffoon who is making a mockery of our great country?
 Trump fans will trash this book. Some have said it is a work of fiction. I happen to think it is true. You couldn't make up stuff this good. Even if some of it is fiction, I will believe it anyway because the author seems to have captured the essence of Trump and his leadership style, if you could call it that. A lot of the characters mentioned in the book are no longer at the White House, but that doesn't detract from the rather unique nature of this book. I find it side splittingly funny and at the same time rather scary to think that these are the people we chose to lead our country. Some of the rather bizarre stuff that goes on in the Trump White House is, I am sure, not that much different to what went on with his predecessors. The main difference being that the people in those other instances wanted to cover up all the stupid stuff that was going on. I thank Mr. Wolff for exposing it to the light of day.
 Easy to read.  I don't believe all that I really but it was entertaining.  One thing I do know is some how our country elected a man who was unqualified for President.  Whether he is a con artist or a man suffering from dementia  he should not be our president. God save America.
 Once beginning the book there is no putting it down. Most parts of it presented what was public knowledge, but the author enlightens with background behavior and motives in White House actions. In some parts surprising but overall enlightening. Trust is non existent; leakers are from within to jockey for power and Trump’s favor. All party members should read it regardless whether they love, hate, or could care less about who’s president. The book portrays a WH in which confusion could be calculated to maintain power and leave us all with the feeling of worry about our country’s future.
 Worth buying if only to spit in the face of the most corrupt and evil administration of all time.
 I bought the Kindle version last night, and as a result got almost no sleep. Michael’s Wolff’s thorough research and excellent writing makes it hard to put the book down. As I watch the train wreck that is our current political state, I often wonder what is motivating those who surround the president. Mr. Wolff helps answer that question. This book is a must read (and hopefully also a call to action) for every American.
 This book is well written, and is factual. The book is organized so the reader can easily follow exactly what has occurred throughout this administration's short tenure. Any major newspaper's reporting backs the story told in this book. If you want a concise record of the chaos perpetrated daily in the White House, this book is the beginning guide.
 So far Trump and his immaturity, ignorance and buffoonery has proven everything written about him to be accurately portrayed. What a bunch of grifters and mobbed up clowns in his swamp.
 While reading this book, I would (1) suddenly burst into laughter, (2) shake my head in disgust, and (3) gasp from shock. This book is a must-read. Where this book ends, more things have happened, and Wolff needs to write a sequel. Maybe he'll title it: Fired and Furious?
 The staff turnover in the current White House is disturbing, at best. Even more worrisome are the Directors of Government with no knowledge of what they are supposed to be over-seeing. And the deliberate attempt to pit groups of people with different opinions is fear-mongering. This book is a expose' of politics in America today.
 Everything in this book rings true, and you will discover a great deal about the machinations behind Trump's most ignorant and hateful pronouncements. Well written narrative with  plenty of dark humor. Wolff is of the same school as Hunter Thompson, Tom Wolff and even Norman Mailer, so read the book in that light.
 Since the other reviews have covered this book completely... I'll simply add "Do not be the only person in American who has not read Fire and Fury!"
 My expectations weren't high, but I was pleased to see that this book was closer to a work by Bob Woodward than it was to a series of gossip columns.  While it lacks the thorough research and thematic approach of Woodward's books, this is in part because the White House it describes is in a continuous state of chaos, resembling a medieval court with an unprepared king at the helm.  I read it in three days and wish there had been more.  The frank criticisms by Wolff or those he quotes of Trump and some of his closest advisors ring true, based on what we've learned about the White House from news sources and Trump's own statements.  Anyone who wants to vote responsibly in the 2018 or 2020 elections should read this book.  Even if you discount the accuracy of some of the information, it's impossible to deny the overall impact of the book.<br/>Drawbacks:  There are a few minor editing mistakes, probably from rushing the book into print.  There is very little from the Ivanka/Jared Kushner viewpoint.  It would have been better to have more input from sources independent of the various West Wing factions, such as reporters, congressmen, and Hill staff.
 Yeah I know some of the details may not be accurate, however I find the preponderance of the narrative to be compelling. This is mostly because of Trump’s reaction to the book and the case Trump makes against himself every day with his Twitter feed.  If anything, I actually feel better about Trump after reading this book, or at least sorry for him. Mr. Wolff, please continue to chronicle this “unpresidented” train wreck until the wonderful day when we are free of this insanity.
 This book is great entertainment and well worth the money. For those who find typos, etc annoying, I would recommed the audio version. The narrator is excellent &amp; gives the book a conversational tone.
 It is fun to read even if you can't stand Trump. It gives "huge" insights into how his mind (doesn't) work and what his character (or lack there off) is truly like. It reads like a high farce and I at times I can't stop laughing at the insanity of it all.
 Michael Wolff‘s book describes in great detail all of intra and interpersonal turmoil that took place in the first several months of the Trump administration. I usually do not read books on politics but was very interested in this topic and thoroughly enjoyed reading it. I believe this book will be very accessible to the general public because it is not bogged down with political jargon. Finally, it offers a vivid portrait of Donald Trump- the man behind it all. It may simply confirm ones assumptions on the man and this administration, but does so in a compelling manner.
 It's not exactly what I expected, but that's a good thing. I found it well written (I'm not a genius, I had to look up a couple of words' exact meaning, and that's always a plus for me). The book illuminates some of the ways we got into this travesty, and fleshes out the main characters in the White House mess. Now I just wish they could be FLUSHED out as well.<br/><br/>See you all on January 20, 2018, in the city nearest you.
 Fun book that shows a picture of the white house as it probably is but republicans are trying to keep quiet
 When I read this book I feel as if I am sticking it to the man...or in this case Trump. I cannot speak for the books authenticity, but it does explain a lot of what many people suspected about Trump and his Administration. If only Trump would just resign and stop torturing his voters and the rest of America.
 Very good insight into the tragic circus called the Trump Administration.  Like being a fly on the wall.  From reading the book I have much better understanding of the destructive idiocy that occurs on a daily basis.  I recommend it for all.  Read it and decide for yourself.
 Okay - I'm admitting I bought and read this.  Guilty!  I knew going in that this was not going to be an objective, well-researched, introspective account of the current administration; but I was curious.  I found that like a bad movie, all the "hooks" had been revealed in the publicity tour, and what was left to read was much less interesting drudgery - like a soap opera, but without any redeeming entertainment quality.  I'm sure there are true bits, stretches of the truth, and conjecture all intertwined in this read.  In the end it really did nothing to change my opinion of the status quo one way or the other.  I'm not a fan of the current administration, but I attempted to read with an open mind.  I found nothing here that upended my opinion, nor anything that I'd feel comfortable quoting to back up my opinion.
 Since Trump became president, nothing is his presidency has made much sense to me. His “make America great again” theme was not being followed. In fact, it seemed like it was just the opposite - dismantling America, at home and abroad. This book, challenged as it has been by Fox, put everything into a rather clear perspective and is consistent with facts that are indisputable.  This book frightens me, yet gives me hope that good people will eventually jump ship, sooner or later.
 I just can’t wait to see how it ends...
 I suspect this book is more talked about than actually read. If you haven’t read it already, all the salacious cussing and badmouthing has already been blurbed in the media, so you won’t get anything new in that regard. I’d still read the book.<br/><br/>It provides a brisk portrait of many of the key players in the Trump administration, with a dramatist’s appreciation for their, well, drama. It also provides some back room insight into kingmakers like Ailes and Murdoch, whom you may have heard less about. Last, some of his hot takes on various subjects, from media to the Middle East, are worth the read. He’s no political analyst, but he does have insights.<br/><br/>That said, like any contemporaneous political account, this is clearly a rushed book, there will be parts you’ll choose to skim past, and it has a very short half-life. If it’s still the first half of 2018, I’d strongly recommend it. After that, who knows what additional drama will have ensued to make this book seem hopelessly dated.
 Most of us who have been paying attention already knew the Trump Presidency was bad. This book just drives home how bad it really it is.<br/><br/>Although it reads like a trashy tabloid style celebrity bio, it's pretty hard hitting and apparently very well documented. It makes President Trump look like someone who at best is in completely over his head (and possibly mentally unstable at worst), surrounded by cynical "supporters" who seem to be in continouos eye-roll mode at his behavior while still enabling him.<br/><br/>Interesting weekend read.
 There is a lot of material in this book that you already know. The interesting part is that when the book came out, the WH stated the author had made it all up. As you will read, most of the gossip in the book was later proven to be true.
 I loved this book. It talks about all the people that have influence over Trump, &amp; the people that influence him the most. Also, the people that had no idea he would ever win, &amp; in fact didn't want him to win. Offers insight on what can happen if there's an administration that knows the in's &amp; out's of politics, &amp; what happens if the administration doesn't know anything about politics or the constitution. The people advising him doesn't know what they're doing either &amp; the ciaos it causes in the White House.  If we have a president that knows the constitution &amp; knows what he/she can do legally, how much smoother things will go.<br/>The best part in the book is the saying:<br/>"What emerges is a portrait of one who has accumulated everything he wants, even the Presidency, and yet who does nothing to enrich or empower the citizens whom he ostensibly governs on the behalf of preferring to enact revenge on his perceived enemies."<br/>I couldn't have said it better myself.<br/>Thank you.<br/>LB
 I shudder at the future conversation I will have to have with my grandchildren in explaining how a mentally unbalanced con-artist was elected President of the United States.  President Donald Trump is an American mistake far surpassing all other mistakes this country has ever made.  I pray that our children and grandchildren will one day forgive us for allowing this madman to stay in office.
 I am neither a big Trump supporter or detractor, and I am sure that not all the information presented in the book is accurate.  But, with what I have observed of this Administration over the past year, a lot of the content appears to be fairly believable.  It is a good read and well worth the $14.99 kindle price.
 Mr. Wolff hustled the hustler and boy, is he ANGRY!  I find it hilarious!  That's not why I pre-ordered the digital download; I did so because I was curious, at first, to see if everything I THOUGHT I saw, I actually saw.  As it turns out, Mr. Wolff has confirmed that I actually did.  The strange thing is that, immediately following my feelings of validation and vindication, a severe depression sank in.  Yes, it's really THAT bad; Yes, they really DON'T know what they're doing in D.C., Yes he really IS worse than Dubbya! Forty-Five promised a "truly historic" administration, and by all accounts, he really hasn't failed; only in the opposite way in which I'm certain he meant.  His approval rating is historic in that it is the LOWEST recorded.  Psychologists are reporting historic levels of depression and suicides.  The tension is palpable... I know I don't need to go on; after all, this is about the book.  I'm having a hard time, getting through the book because I already know everything, having watched it closely.  The daily news (and I do mean "daily") is hard enough to keep up with and takes enough of my time.  For 366 days, now, every single one of them has been another catastrophe, another headline absolutely worthy of the attention of everyone in the country!  I feel as though our attention is literally being held hostage by this man because I'm AFRAID to turn away!  What if civil war breaks out while I'm trying to just enjoy a movie?  What if he finally pushes into a nuclear war while I'm at the park with my kids?  How will I know what to look out for if I'm reading a book about what happened a year ago?  Mr. Wolff, thank you for doing what every journalist should be doing, which is to tell the truth, regardless of what it may mean for their future invitations to the White House.  I understand how and why you did it the way you did it and I understand the reasons behind their actions, as well and I think that what you did was remarkable.
 I’m glad I read this. I don’t know a lot about the New York political scene so I learned about a lot of the characters, the backstories and context of why their current positions matter and fit (or don’t). It was also interesting to have a recap since so much has happened in the course of the past year. Read it for the content, not necessarily the writing as it could have been more tightly edited but it was still fascinating.
 I enjoyed this book quite a bit, but I'm docking it a few stars for a few reasons: (1) it's not clear which parts are true and which parts are speculation; (2) it has several typos. I also thought it was kind of creepy also how the author insinuated that the President was having an affair on Bill Maher's show, without sharing any evidence.<br/>All that said, it certainly comports with how chaotic and bizarre this white house has been, and the picture it paints is an alarming one that is worth reading.
 When this book was released in the fall of 2017, there was no need to buy it. Every chapter and every paragraph were in the news all day long. Reading it now, as the political drama intensifies, has proven highly valuable. The author may not have gotten everything right, but between his reported observations and his many well-educated guesses, he makes it easier to understand what we are seeing now.<br/><br/>For many decades to come, Fire and Fury will be a resource for anyone who wants to understand how we got to wherever we may be headed.
 A fascinating behind the scenes look at the Keystone Kabinet members attempting to contain the cretinous Tasmanian Devil that is our 45 President.
 This book just acknowledged  all the things we thought was happening in the people's house and it is worse, all the lies that is being told and deception ,you would think that it only happens in an third world country, so I'm recommending this book to all my friends and associates.
 This may not be the celebrity tell-all that our President wants, but it's the celebrity tell-all our President deserves.  Written in a style more typically used to describe life in the Kardashian household or by a pro wrestler writing his memoirs, this quick read puts all the well-known incidents of the past year into a single narrative.  If there is new information in here, it's the extent to which the insiders of the first few months dished each other to anyone who would listen.  And baby, I'm all ears.  This is a guilty pleasure, but I'm not too proud to say I loved it.  Loved, not liked.
 Loved this book because it has so many big words that the Donald cannot comprehend therefore calling it fake facts.
 I found this difficult to read. Not for the content, but for all the political terms, because I'm not into politics at all.<br/><br/>An engaging insight into the absolute moronic presidency.
 If you are a person that is aware and has good new sources, you already know that things are not going well in our country because of our current president.  This book shouldn’t surprise anybody accept those blinded by their fantasy ideological view of the world.  This is still an important book and one that everybody should read.  It is a close up look at the dangerous dysfunction and chaos.  Americans need to educate themselves so we can stop this and prevent it from ever happening again.
 Donald Trump's miniscule attention span, intellectual shallowness and massive narcissism should be no surprise to anyone who has read any of the Trump biographies or who closely follows the news. Fire and Fury has a few choice quotes and scenes from the Trump Whitehouse, but overall the sad truth is the book is boring. Almost all of the good parts in the book have been covered by publications like the New York Times and the Washington Post.I finished the book, but I was really skimming through it. There is not much meat in this book. The definitive book on Trump, a President so disastrous that he makes George W. Bush look good, has yet to be written. That book will not be written by Michael Wolff, who is little more than a bitchy hack writer.<br/><br/>All this said... I bought the book as a political act. Trump will hate the fact that the book is a massive success. Trump also made a pathetic attempt to suppress the book. Both were motivations in my purchase. But if you want a great read, look elsewhere.
 Nothing more to add to what other reviewers have commented. However I would add that if you think you have heard most of the details by either reading the reviews or watching and listening to Michael Wolff on television as he did his book tour you will be pleasantly surprised.
 This book may not survive the ardent fact checkers on every point, but it surely presents sufficient evidence of the mess we are in because of the election, with or without proof of collusion with the Russians, of Donald Trump as president.  History will certainly document the misadventure and monumental error of a misguided American electorate. This book will do much to reveal the thinking of those who had witnessed and were eager to tell the truth of this folly in the White House.  An important read to understanding how greed and entitlement led an angry, resentful backlash that foolishly enabled a wholly unqualified, mentally defective, immorally bankrupt narcissist to hijack the Republican Party, and to set our Democracy on the path to destruction.
 I can't stand POTUS 45. I can only stomach about a page/day of this book because it's just too much with the news cycle and this. But great book and hugely believable. #RealNews
 This book offers a view of the Trump White House from the inside.  Beginning with Trump's campaign tactics to his election and his first 10 months in office, the book chronicles the players who moved in and out of the West Wing.  Seemingly, every one of them crafted policies than fluctuated wildly at the whim of the president.  He is portrayed as a self-centered, volatile toddler who refuses to read, listen and comprehend the issues and he has surrounded himself with individuals as self-serving as he is to do his biding.  He constantly "looks over his shoulder" in fear of exposure of his business dealings and accusations about Russia.  All of the players are angling for his attention.  Some of the more dangerous ones to our democracy have his ear.
 Despite our general understanding of dysfunction and chaos in this president's West Wing, we don't have the insights into the underlying interpersonal dynamics, infighting and general horror show that Michael Wolff so skillfully presents. Donald expressed to General Kelly his overall satisfaction with the roles and performance of Jared Kushner and Ivanka, the only potential adjustment to which might be Jared's appointment as Secretary of State(!) The book loses one star for having apparently been rushed to press. It could have used more copy editing.
 Wolff takes some flack for style, but the picture is still a good likeness of a screwball and dangerous presidency.  Putin must be over the moon at his success in inflicting great harm on the US.
 I follow current events, perhaps too closely for comfort. My husband bought this book to catch up on the disaster that is the Trump Administration.  He noticed many typos and mistakes that came from the rush to publish the book. We received the book from Amazon sooner than most Americans could get a copy.  After Hubby finished it we donated it to our local library because they couldn’t obtain a copy and there was a long waiting list.  The vivid descriptions of people and events were effective for teaching my husband who is who and who did what.  He can follow the unfolding events now as if he had been paying attention from the beginning. Yes, it is one person’s take of what happened, but very little of it had been successfully contested. It’s a good resource for someone beginning to learn about current politics.
 This accounting of the White House at the dawn of the Trump administration is both revealing and disturbing.  Great insight into the key players who are within Trump's  inner circle, including his own family members.  It begs the question, "How long will this go on?"  And maybe more importantly, "How much longer will the American people tolerate this behavior?"  It speaks to the tenuous stability of the very core of American democracy, and whether it will survive.  The fact that there is a core base of supporters who staunchly stand by an egomaniac who spins his own galaxy of questionable truth-benders around his version of reality is very upsetting to those looking on.  Where will it all end?  This book begs for more chapters, or a Volume 2 in the continuing saga of Donald Trump.
 When I first heard about this book and Trump’s attempts to squelch it via silly ‘cease and desist’ letters, I had to get it if only as a tribute to America and our precious First Amendment, and giving the figurative finger to anyone who would try and sequester our precious freedom of speech. Turned out to be a very good read as well, Wolff giving the real story of Trumpland. Eye opening but not unexpected owing to all that has transpired this year.
 Like many others I bought this book specifically because DJT tried to prevent the release of it. But since I have it I thought I'd read it.<br/>Nothing surprised me at all. If some of it is true, and I believe much is, we're in big trouble.<br/><br/>When you vote for someone who is so blatantly misogynistic, racist, childish, and completely amoral. this is the chaos you get. This man has no curiosity, lacks compassion, and watches way too much television. I don't hate anyone but he's the type of guy who could bring out that emotion in me. I've decided to limit my exposure to his lunacy to the bare minimum to preserve my sanity. I've never done this before no matter who's in office but not this time. His inauguration was the first in decades that I couldn't/wouldn't watch.<br/>This administration is the nightmare I thought it would be and I'm just counting the days until it's over.
 I really enjoyed this book.  It felt as if it organized the craziness of the past year into a cohesive timeline.  There were many things I forgot about because this past year has been one disaster after another.  It was interesting to read about the infighting occurring among the various players of the executive staff.  The book basically covers the events that we had all heard about, but knowing who was doing what, or why they were doing it provided an interesting background.  I was never bored reading this, and more than once found myself shaking my head saying, "You can't make this s*@t up."  You'll find yourself bouncing between disbelief, humor, anger, sadness, and incredulity while reading this book.
 Excellent read. The book only confirmed what was known about Trump which is that he is a racist skinned thin con artist. His only concerned is to enriched himself family and cronies.
 While this book reads like a tabloid report with inadequate editing and proofreading, it still exposes the bare ineptitude of the current White House occupant and his minions.  I look forward to a sequel.
 This book is about the thoughts and actions of those working in the White House under the current president. Therefore, in my opinion, interviews with the president himself were unnecessary. Little in the book was surprising, but all of it is shocking, just like every news day has been for the past year.
 This book is an entertaining read, but contains no new information.  It is essentially a gossip book, it does a good job of putting the events we have already read about in the media into context.  All very helpful and horrifying at the same time.
 I don't generally read contemporary political books- I'm much more likely to read histories/biographies pre-1960's. I prefer to get most of my political information from a wide variety of readable news sources. Like any contemporary account, this book must be viewed with a critical eye and in the context of it's times. I have little doubt that much of what was presented here was said- but it's impossible to say how much is true. Still it's a valuable resource in attempting to understand the machinations of our current government and to a degree how we got here in the first place. The author does a good job of setting up and maintaining a good, approachable pace. I'd recommend this book to anyone with curiosity and a critical mind.
 This book pretty reinforces what we have known for a while and that is trump is a morally bankrupt narcissist without empathy towards others. I actually feel pity for the man because he is so shallow and has the behavior of a six year old. I do think that Mueller's investigation with provide either impeachable offenses or obstruction of justice but I also believe that trump will not serve time because he will flee the country before his arrest.
 Take it for what it is: the account of a single writer's time behind the walls of Trumpworld, the things he saw, heard and was told. That doesn't necessarily mean everything in the book is 100% accurate, nor is it the final word on the Trump presidency. But the very fact that this book exists at all is proof enough of the underlying thesis that the White House has been in disarray. I can't think of similar books being written after the first year of previous American presidencies.
 Recommended to anyone concerned about their family, friends and world .  Fire and Fury is a lively, well written (in spite of what Samantha B thinks) fly on the wall report on a disfunctional White House headed by an idiot whose daily outrages distract from the real harm
 If you closely follow the events surrounding the Trump campaign and subsequent administration  much of the narrative of Fire and Fury fits the facts. Of all the alarming observations made by Michael Wolff, perhaps none are more so than the insight into the probable amount of collusion with Russia. The path of the Mueller investigation through Jared Kushner will be interesting to see if it happens as the author and Bannon predict. The subsequent demise of Bannon in the wake of the publication of this book only lends additional credence to it. Of course, the massive number of lies and misinformation generated by the White House has decimated my trust in the Presidency, but the amount of poor journalism in response has made a complete quagmire out of accuracy and truth. Wolff was given, for whatever reasons, access to the inner workings of the Trump presidency and too much of it rings true to be dismissed as fake news. I highly recommend that you read the book with an open mind and decide for yourself the validity of the book.
 Wolff tells a story that is not hard to imagine happening. We follow his line of thinking throughout the book and it jumps around a bit because he sectioned the chapters by people’s relationships rather than by a sequence of events. I found this to be a drawback on the book because I’d read about the inauguration in an earlier chapter then touch on it again from a different angle in a later chapter. Just tell me everything about the inauguration then move on to what the first 100 days was like…in order. But even with the relationship based structure, the book reads well. I found it to get very stuffy towards the middle as if someone else was writing it or editing it. There was also a distinct infatuation with Steve Bannon. I am not sure if that is because Wolff was getting most of his information from this source and therefore, Bannon became most of the story but it is very evident that Bannon plays a large role in Trump politics.<br/><br/>From the beginning, the campaign is covered closely and I found the most interesting part to be Melania and Trump’s relationship (or lack thereof). It definitely gives credence to what we see in the news, the distance, the lack of affection. Second in interest was the fact that Donald did not plan to win or even wanted to win. He just wanted the publicity and the attention so that his businesses would continue to flourish. This was speculated many times by my own friends in discussion when he would do things or say things so off the wall as if he was trying his best to throw the election…and simply couldn’t. From this book, it affirms that this was the case and that Melania had strict reasons for not wanting to be the First Lady or be in politics period. She enjoyed her life at the top of the tower and felt this was unnecessary (which it was from her point of view…if you have everything, why try to take over the world when it has already worked in your favor?).<br/><br/>Next, we get to see the inner workings of the White House when the president’s kids are given no titles but all the power. We see what life is like without a meaningful Chief of Staff, without an effective communications team (because they get sidelined by a president that doesn’t vet a thing he says or does with people who are knowledgeable) and basically what turmoil and the Wild Wild West looks like, politics-style. It was very interesting to read this bit of information the most because the cat-fighting and leaking, the blowups and the jealousy from all sides (Bannon to Jarvanka then Trump to anyone that got good press when he didn’t). It’s like reading about a Rugrats adventure. Totally enjoyable but wholly scary when its real.<br/><br/>The book doesn’t give a ton of new insights. Most everything in it has been leaked, investigated and shared via media. So that takes the stinger away that we would have had in normal, more protected administrations. The only thing you will gain from this book is the relationships. You will see how people interact, what they really think about the president and his family (which is no real shocker since most of America feels the same way) and get an inkling as to why some people were chosen to serve, why they stayed or left and what they think about Trump’s service to the country. Overall, you will get ZERO political understanding of Trump (and maybe, that’s because there isn’t any) but you don’t read this thinking you’ll understand what policies he supports or what’s important to him. You won’t get that. This book paints Trump as an entertainer. His main goal being to get on television and be liked by all. No policy (because that’s ran by Bannon and whichever family member he trusts at the time). No loyalty (because he fires people that don’t look the part, smile or generally kiss his a$$). No organization (because he promotes people with no experience then reams them for not doing well). So the book just feeds into our fears…that the White House is in complete disarray with a few folks trying to hold it together at the seams.
 Poorly written and even more poorly edited.  I was so excited to get this book I had to get it on kindle not my preference, I usually like a paperback or hardcover.  I did not finish the book I was a little bored because it mainly restated things I already knew from reading and watching the news.  Maybe the 2nd half of the book gets better I don’t know if I get around to it maybe I will finish it.
 Explains why this Administration can carry out few of its childish threats. When someone who is a textbook case of narcissistic personality disorder gets elected because the Democrats represent nothing, and field a candidate who most people know is morally bankrupt, whereas the Republicans represent the lowest common denominator, and the narcissist in question has no qualifications or knowledge of governance, it naturally creates a remarkably dysfunctional Administration. Perhaps they are less dangerous than Clinton would have been because they spend most of their time on trying to blame each other for their latest failures, and have almost no understanding of the Constitution or the laws they are supposed to uphold, and who likewise share deep ignorance of administrative procedure. This book describes the daily plotting and scheming of people who could not effectively govern a country even if its population were no larger than 100 people. Clinton, on the other hand, would have vigorously carried out a foreign policy indistinguishable from the younger Bush and his carbon copy (when it comes to waging war), Obama. Both the Tea Party/Breitbart/Trump Right and the postmodernist, anti-First Amendment Left that demonizes whiteness and maleness remind me of Edgar Allen Poe's short story, The System of Dr. Tarr and Profesdor Fether: the lunatics have taken over the asylum. Apologies for any typos...
 This is an audio version of the book and I really like the author's perspective on the Trump Whitehouse. The author has expressed his astonishment at being 'like a fly on the wall' there. Also the author did a good job reading the book. I am convinced that the value of audio in book reads is injected by the reader (preferably the author) with his tone, inflection, humor, etc. expressed as only the author can. Another virtue of audio is that I can 'read' this book while at the gym working out or just walking. Very nice! This book did not disappoint! If I want to 'study' the book I will buy the digital version where searching is king.
 If you can stumble through the poor grammar and bad writing style, it's highly-entertaining.  I think I counted 7 misplaced commas in a single sentence.  Nonetheless, a literary masterpiece when compared against the transcript of any Trump interview.<br/>Besides, if my purchase raises the blood pressure of the Toddler-in-Chief a single unit, then money well spent.
 Even if you only believe half of this, or just a quarter, it’s very very frightening. The man with his finger on the nuclear button is insane. Also very nasty.
 This book was incredible. How does this White House function? Obviously, the White House does not operate normally. Different factions are trying to gain control and influence. Nothing is coherent. We are left with Stephen Miller and Hope Hicks, who recently drafted a letter defending a serial domestic abuser. While reading this book, I clearly understand why no one in conservative circles wants anything to do with this White House.  Stay away from this train wreck. I loved this book because we see the inner workings of dysfunction and chaos. Trump and his enablers suffer cognitive dissonance.
 Probably not the most literary or even most accurate book about politics, history, etc. that I have read but most of what I read sounded likely to be accurate.  I can certainly understand the reason that most sources preferred to be anonymous.  The sad thing is that, given the actual facts about the current occupant of the White House, it's easy to accept that Mr. Wolff's info is not just fiction or intentional falsehood.  My only complaint was that the book could have benefitted from better editing but I know it was rushed to market.
 I nly 10% of tis is true it i s still jaw dropping in revelations. How can anyone support this administration?
 Most of what Wolff wrote sounded so true that one didn't need to be at WH to know it.  Wolff's writing is witty.  Good fact telling.  The book confirms what most Americans already suspected from the very beginning and now know about Trump.  He never wanted to be President.  It was a  fluke and he was/is unprepared since he is just a glorified realtor - with money as well as many debts. Totally clueless. He doesn't read anything! imagine that! Watches only TV.
 Even if only half of this book is truthful, it is very scary that such an incompetent person is in the White House. Hiring only the best people has become such a joke, most of the people spoken about in the book are no longer in the White House, that says a lot about the Pres.
 Like many other reviewers, I really only purchased this book in protest. I normally don’t read “celebrity” gossip, and I have a feeling that’s what much of this book is. However, if even 10% of the information is accurate, what an even more frightening situation we are in. We the People must continue to fight back against a president who strives to dictate what we read and how we think.
 This book is both frightening and funny. The author went out of his way to explain sources, how he wrote things, the possibility that some things were from his perspective (that I don't believe is that far off from truth), and the fact, the important fact, that he has tapes to back things up. That I believe is the truth, because he had to know there'd be a legal fight over the content and to say he had tapes without having them would absolutely ruin him. Everyone should read this video I, personally, believe Trump is a loon. This book didn't surprise me in the least, but it did highlight a major problem. The people in the White House and the Republican Congress know all this and yet do nothing. Problem will be solved in November though.
 Such a guilty pleasure--like reading a real page-turning trashy novel! Come on, someone, please! Write a congressional version of Fire &amp; Fury! Please! Oh, the sales!
 This is truly excellent reportage. I keep reading and listening to this book. I have both versions. It's getting almost dated now but Wolf writes so well and did an amazing job reading and summing up the players in the White House's character. Truly masterful and l never get tired of it.
 Well written, an interesting read and I found it to be very believable.... Unfortunately.
 Helps to make sense of all the fragmented messaging, deceitful actions and incoherence of judgment spewing from the Whitehouse and those in Washington trying to keep it afloat. Might be good as a horror read if it didn't have such life and death ramifications for the US population.  When the various narratives are tied together  from an insiders view point, the confusing thoughtless messaging  we saw from the outside looking in tie together in a logical way as plausible  explanations. Good read overall.
 This is a compelling read that connects  exquisitely the known events with the new insights.  This is a must read!  Certainly, the contents are disquieting,  but we need to wake up and take note of political events and the self serving participants. Highly recommended reading.
 As for what's inside the book, yes, it's messy.  But "Fire and Fury" is also utterly riveting.  So, yeah, buy this book as a vote against tyrants attempting to tell you what you may or may not read, and buy it because it automatically gives you membership in the new, accidentally created national book club.  But also buy it because it presents a vivid and alarming tapestry of information pertaining to the man running our country, and those who surround him, that none of us can really afford to ignore.
 An "unusual" read!  This book was, indeed, a serious look into the political issues of the current administration..... my "best guess" is this "ride" will continue to be crude and "bumpy"....for it's duration!!!  My prayer is simple....God Bless America...and thanks, Michael Wolff for being an exceptional and observant "fly on the wall"!!!!
 If you're following the news at all then you're probably already familiar with the most shocking bits of this very relevant book. Wolff's style is sometimes a little scatterbrained and structure-wise it could have done with some more revisions to create a clearer through line. Nonetheless, this is a book you want to read for its content, not for its writing style. I know there has been a good bit of controversy around what's real and what's been tinkered with but you don't have to be a genius (dare I say, a stable genius) to be able to figure out where Wolff has taken some liberties.
 politics aside - not well written, as the narrative jumps all over the place and at times, just seems like gossip.  that said, if 1/3 of what was written is true - we, as a nation, are in deep trouble with this leadership.  started out "ok" but around middle of book, I started to gloss over sections that didn't keep my interest.  it was hard to finish this read - but I did.
 Where does truth end and fiction begin?  If truth we are doomed!  The President is incapable of governing, though  he does manage to take every weekend off and polish his golf game.  Do the Politicians have the courage to remove him?  I don't think so.
 It's just like you're there yourself! This book definitely reflects the practically unfettered access that Wolff had in the west wing. If you want to feel like a fly on the wall during the most bizarre, dysfunctional administration in US history, this book is for you. Be sure to bring your crazy pills.
 Got mine Friday on kindle.  Very well written.  I pray that every Republican in Congress gets voted out for allowing this demented fraud of a man to run our country.  HOW DID THIS HAPPEN.....
 Whether you think this book is entirely true or not, there were whole public speeches that were made by Trump that were quoted in the book.  The author could not have made that up. Just reading what Donnie had said publicly is quite scary.  The man is an absolute moron.  How did he become President?
 I bought this book out of curiosity and as a small token of resistance. I learned a lot of new words-not a bad thing-and was enthralled and somewhat shocked at the behind-the-scenes look at the White House...a scary place indeed.
 The first thing I looked for was how much I could believe of what this book revealed. I found that it was not a stretch to believe what it says about what was going on inside the Trump White House as so much evidence of it was out in the open because of the players public behavior and pronouncements.<br/>I found it quite humorous at times, even while getting confirmation of the shenanigans, back stabbings, disarray, unpreparedness, incompetence, disgraceful political maneuvers, and such that blew in with this gang of opportunists.<br/>Editing flaws are enough to make it obvious that it was published in a rush, hence the 4 stars. It was worth reading and realizing  how the goings on of Trump's first year in office presaged what continues to happen under his watch (or lack o it).
 I bought this book because the President made a big deal over it's publication. Attempts at censorship are un-American.<br/><br/>This book is so much more than the 10 or so quotes that made it around the news shows. I recommend this book for people who even just want entertainment. Bannon is hilarious. His quotes had me literally loling. I would pay to read a book of Bannon just talking about history and politics, very colorful speaker; removing f and s bombs, high school English teachers could use his words to teach the lessons on figurative language. Ie, this White House will make "Shakespeare look like Dr. Seuss" or that Cohn in trying to gain Bannon's support for a promotion is "licking my balls". How did that quote not even make it to the news cycles? That tells how much else there is in the book.<br/><br/>As far as guessing the accuracy of the book, the many exact quotes that can only come from someone present in the middle of what was going on, or speaking with people who were present. If he made this stuff up, many insiders would have filled defamation lawsuits. Trump threatened, but didn't follow through, which makes the descriptions credible to me.<br/><br/>I did come away from this book feeling really sorry for Hope Hicks. She is probably an individual who is loyally serving her boss and thinks she is doing right, but she his been used by a corrupt boss making her do his bidding. She will need a lot of therapy when this is done. Manafort, Kushner, Ivanka, Flynn, Sessions, Don Jr, Trump, if they all go down, their greed and lack of ethics are glaring, but Hicks appears as someone who is motivated to be loyal to to someone she trusted.<br/><br/>A lot of the book exposes the infighting within the administration. In particular a major claim that a lot of the major leaks were from the factions trying to put down the other facion ( ie, Bannon vs Jarvanka). Some of the info put context to public events, such as Trump actually wanting to be at the White House Correspondence Dinner, even checking in real time about the jokes, but his aides wouldn't let him because they knew he could not handle jokes.
 Seems like a hatchet job to me. The attributed parts are five star. The rest is about the same quality of speculation as can be found by hysterical reporters on CNN and MSNBC. Be clear I am not a Trump voter. What I am is analytical enough to separate wheat from chaff and honest enough to describe wheat as wheat and chaff as chaff.
 They all come across stinking of unfathomable hubris, perhaps Bannon the worse for showing zero loyalty (albeit to someone undeserving of one iota of loyalty) My impression is that things were so wild and crazy that it was hard for Wolff to keep up. Since the book confirms the atmosphere I've come to expect (after a years worth of reporting from multiple sources) it was easy for me to forgive the haphazard aspects (repetition, typos, guesstimating, etc.) throughout the book. It was a fun read.
 I wish the author had the benefit of the last few months of mania, maniacs, machinations, mistakes, manipulation of media,  and the ever-expanding migration of officials from this White House. I just reread this book, along with Woodward’s “Fear.” With added data of the most recent events, this book would be even better.<br/>Still, it provides a slice of life and a view of a organization (wow, that word was tough to employ under the circumstances) that is really about one, and only one man. Sadly for the country, he happens to be such an overwhelming, self-indulging, childish, and immature egomaniac rarely seen outside of an insane asylum, that man happens to be president.<br/><br/>I still recommend the book, especially for the role it will play in the history of this flat earth, which about fits Trump’s understanding of science, climate change, research, etc. The beginning of the end of this administration has begun, and the insights in this book will help provide a more complete mosaic of the truth for future researchers.
 Very boring. The autor didn't have much to say.
 Have just skimmed the book but already have learned many fascinating and depressing details about the president's family and cohorts, and the author's insights into the circus that is the current presidency. So much great info that only someone who was there so much would know. THANK YOU Michael Wolff for the great reporting and giving us this gift - it was a bit of therapy for the stress and depression many of us have had for the last year and somehow eases the pain a little to understand how and why this all happened. Thank you Michael also for being brave enough to weather the criticisms of so many Republicans and Trump Supporters (why again are they so willing to let him damage the environment, our democracy, our relationships with almost every other country, race relations, women, minorities, immigrants, and the lower and middle class in just one year? Just pure greed? Disgusting)  And thank you to the Publisher for getting the book out in true record time!  Final thought for author: Would love for you to release a few minutes of your tapes someday!!
 I still can't wrap my head around the fact the "Donald Trump" is the president of the United States. It's like a nightmare I can't wake up from. Please God, let someone else run and win in 2020. The book portrays a White House in disarray where there is no clear chain of command and everyone wants the President's attention. It's a perfect setup for a narcissist like Trump who thinks everyone in the world is envious of him. ARRGGHHH !!!
 It makes sense why this administration  is wrecking our democracy and Mike Wolff gives us an insider perspective beyond the pale.
 Provides a fascinating insight into Trump and the White House. Yes, I already knew about these events, but knowing more about peoples' characters, their actions, and their interactions helps make sense of the events and tells you how certain decisions came about. Actions that seemed downright crazy before now have a context that makes them seem more plausible and sometimes even inevitable.
 You just might need a thesaurus to get through this one. The author seems to have a desperate need to impress us with his word knowledge. It makes for an uneven read. As you're following along with the details you'll be jolted from the story from time to time. You'll wonder why he chose some of the words he used. Or why he complicated what could've been a simple sentence. If I said that 'it makes sense to use a anhydrous towel on an aqueous salver' you'll probably wonder why I didn't just say 'it makes sense to use a dry towel on a wet dish'. 'anhydrous towel 'or 'aqueous salver' adds absolutely no extra depth or clarity to the message. And who would call a dish a salver? Probably Michael Wolff. Anyway, I kinda liked the book because it's very detailed but was really bothered by the author's need to show off his dictionary knowledge. I read half of it and I might finish it, but I won't be reading any more books by Michael Wolff. One last thing. I did understand many of the $50 dollar words he used but still found the book 'sesquipedalian'.
 Reading this, I was able to reflect on some things he did, and this put it in perspective. I know the doors to the Oval Office were left open before Kelly, so conversations could have been overheard. Some things may not have been totally factual, but there was enough draw dropping revelations to leave me concerned.
 Be sure to have a dictionary next to you because Michael Wolff loves to use words that few people can understand. What I love about this book is that it is insightful and the author had the scoop on a lot of stories that came out in the media weeks and months after I read it.  So, when things did (and do) come out on TV or radio, I already know the background information and things are in better context.  Yes, the author is full of drama and sensationalism, but it is a fun book to read, especially if you are a political junkie and are fascinated (or frustrated) by what is going on in America today.
 The media coverage and the flurry of author interviews at publication have ruined my reading experience.  Unfortunately,  most of the juicy revelations had already been exposed and widely discussed by the time I read this book.  That was a mistake on the part of then promoter and author, in my estimation.  I did enjoy more indepth glimpses of the inyeractions and motivations of the unholy triumvirate: Bannon and his followers, Jarvanka, and the president himself. What a cluster @*#$!
 Even though basically nothing should be shocking at this point, I found myself gasping internally pretty frequently. Honestly, if the things depicted in this book was made into a movie, you’d be rolling your eyes at how “unbelievable” it was. Sadly, it’s all too believable based on, well, basically everything trump says during his televised speeches.<br/><br/>The book definitely has an agenda. It’s not by any means trying to be neutral &amp; “state the facts,” but I’m ok with that because it’s a good hate read. I liked how the author gives the sources as he’s able or puts statements in quotes vs saying when something’s parapharsed, heresay, etc.<br/><br/>For someone who’s interested in current events, but gets much of my news from John Oliver (rip the old daily show), this was an easy, enjoyable (is it wrong if it’s enjoyable? TBD) read. Nice to be able to see how the different stories fit together and to learn who’s who in trump’s circle (or rather, who was who).<br/><br/>Looking forward to the sequel after impeachment
 Exceptional document of historical dysfunction! Hopefully a prison cell awaits this scumbag family soon!<br/>Riveting, couldn't put it down! If half of it is true we're in deep trouble! Impeach #45!<br/>Makes Frank Underwood look like a pretty good and competent leader! lol.
 I ordered this to be delivered when it was released - in plenty of time, but had to wait an additional week (maybe 2) for the next round of publishing. If ordered 2 weeks in advance of the date it was due out, you'd think Amazon would know the number of pre-orders they have to get enough to fill all of them. So many of the news media, "important" people got theirs via Amazon, they said so. I guess us little people don't count as much with Amazon.<br/><br/>As for the book, it's terribly wordy (like the author). I eventually began skipping through paragraphs to get just the substance. Seems to be a lot of author perspectives rather than information from named reliable sources. Still, it had enough "unknown" to have made it worth the purchase &amp; read.
 I felt like I was watching a Marx brothers movie about a comedian who decided to run for President as a publicity stunt. He then runs a wacky campaign full of ridiculous characters and finally finds that he has been elected. What then occurs as he tries to assemble an administration full of more hapless individuals who are all trying to manage him with their own agendas and fighting each other would make a hilarious comedy. If only it weren’t so frightening!
 A good read but I thought I would find out more about the presidents strange personality and behavior. Still good
 Book was written at a college level, hard to read
 wow  what an expose  Inside workings of the trump whitehouse  no wwy you could fabricate this story  had no idea that Jared and Ivanka were such imbeciles  Trump leads the free market group but gets advice from gang of imbeciles his family  little scary to think whose actually pulling the levers  Now I understand why Mueller wants to speak with Bannon
 Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House by Michael Wolff<br/><br/>“Fire and Fury” is a gossipy insightful look into the unstable Trump White House. Best-selling author, Michael Wolff takes the reader inside the White House and with extraordinary access provides an eye-opening expose. This revealing 328-page book includes the following twenty-two chapters: 1. Election Day, 2. Trump Tower, 3. Day One, 4. Bannon, 5. Jarvanka, 6. At Home, 7. Russia, 8. Org Chart, 9. CPAC, 10. Goldman, 11. Wiretap, 12. Repeal and Replace, 13. Bannon Agonistes, 14. Situation Room, 15. Media, 16. Comey, 17. Abroad and at Home, 18. Bannon Redux, 19. Mika Who?, 20. McMaster and Scaramucci, 21. Bannon and Scaramucci, and 22. General Kelly.<br/><br/>Positives:<br/>1. As interesting a book as you will find. A page turner.<br/>2. In the Author’s Note, Wolff describes his methodology and in some instances acknowledges that some accounts are in conflict and lets you the reader be the judge.<br/>3. The book is easy to follow as Wolff engages the reader with interesting stories and characters. Who knew we had a reality TV soap opera in the White House?<br/>4. In spite of all that the press has leaked on the book, it is still worth reading.<br/>5. This book is a gossip wonder fest, everybody has an opinion on everybody and it’s out in the open for you to read. “In Ivanka and Jared’s view, Conway was a cussed, antagonistic, self-dramatizing cable head, and Powell, they hoped, would be a deliberate, circumspect, adult guest on the Sunday morning shows.”<br/>6. Interesting insights throughout. “As the campaign came to an end, Trump himself was sanguine. He had survived the release of the Billy Bush tape when, in the uproar that followed, the RNC had had the gall to pressure him to quit the race.”<br/>7. Trump’s traits are here for the world to view. “Early in the campaign, in a Producers-worthy scene, Sam Nunberg was sent to explain the Constitution to the candidate: “I got as far as the Fourth Amendment before his finger is pulling down on his lip and his eyes are rolling back in his head.””<br/>8. Get your soap out; it’s going to be a dirty ride. “Trump liked to say that one of the things that made life worth living was getting your friends’ wives into bed.”<br/>9. Trump the president. “He had somehow won the race for president, but his brain seemed incapable of performing what would be essential tasks in his new job. He had no ability to plan and organize and pay attention and switch focus; he had never been able to tailor his behavior to what the goals at hand reasonably required. On the most basic level, he simply could not link cause and effect.”<br/>10. Bannon’s views are the backbone of this book. Here is his philosophy. “Bannon’s strategic view of government was shock and awe. Dominate rather than negotiate. Having daydreamed his way into ultimate bureaucratic power, he did not want to see himself as a bureaucrat. He was of a higher purpose and moral order. He was an avenger. He was also, he believed, a straight shooter. There was a moral order in aligning language and action—if you said you were going to do something, you do it.”<br/>11. The greatest asset of Trump the candidate. “The Apprentice, and embracing a theory that would serve him well during his presidential campaign: in flyover country, there is no greater asset than celebrity. To be famous is to be loved—or at least fawned over.”<br/>12. Trumpism. “He is uncomfortable when the men around him are not wearing suit and ties. Formality and convention—before he became president, almost everybody without high celebrity or a billion dollars called him “Mr. Trump”—are a central part of his identity. Casualness is the enemy of pretense. And his pretense was that the Trump brand stood for power, wealth, arrival.” Bonus, “But not only didn’t he read, he didn’t listen. He preferred to be the person talking. And he trusted his own expertise—no matter how paltry or irrelevant—more than anyone else’s. What’s more, he had an extremely short attention span, even when he thought you were worthy of attention.”<br/>13. The Russians! “On January 6, 2017—nearly six months to the day after Foer’s piece was published—the CIA, FBI, and NSA announced their joint conclusion that “Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the U.S. presidential election.””<br/>14. Clever observations included. “It is an anomaly of Republican politics that young people motivated to work in the public sector find themselves working to limit the public sector.”<br/>15. The three forces in the White House exposed. “Bannon was the alt-right militant. Kushner was the New York Democrat. And Priebus was the establishment Republican. “Steve wants to force a million people out of the country and repeal the nation’s health law and lay on a bunch of tariffs that will completely decimate how we trade, and Jared wants to deal with human trafficking and protecting Planned Parenthood.” And Priebus wanted Donald Trump to be another kind of Republican altogether.”<br/>16. Jarvanka, better known as Jared and Ivanka. “What’s more, the success of the speech confirmed the Jared and Ivanka strategy: look for common ground. It also confirmed Ivanka’s understanding of her father: he just wanted to be loved.”<br/>17. Wolff describes all the players in Trump’s world and their roles. “Hicks remained his closest and most trusted aide, with, perhaps, the single most important job in this White House: interpreting the media for him in the most positive way it could be interpreted, and buffering him from the media that could not be positively spun.”<br/>18. Controversial and troublesome insights. “Shortly after Lewandowski, with whom Hicks had an on-and-off romantic relationship, was fired in June 2016 for clashing with Trump family members, Hicks sat in Trump Tower with Trump and his sons, worrying about Lewandowski’s treatment in the press and wondering aloud how she might help him. Trump, who otherwise seemed to treat Hicks in a protective and even paternal way, looked up and said, “Why? You’ve already done enough for him. You’re the best piece of tail he’ll ever have,” sending Hicks running from the room.”<br/>19. Fake news! “All news was manipulated and designed, planned and planted. All news was to some extent fake—he understood that very well, because he himself had faked it so many times in his career. This was why he had so naturally cottoned to the “fake news” label. “I’ve made stuff up forever, and they always print it,” he bragged.”<br/>20. The Comey fiasco explained. “On May 17, twelve days after FBI director Comey was fired, without consulting the White House or the attorney general, Rosenstein appointed former FBI director Robert Mueller to oversee the investigation of Trump’s, his campaign’s, and his staff’s ties to Russia. If Michael Flynn had recently become the most powerful man in Washington for what he might reveal about the president, now Mueller arguably assumed that position because he had the power to make Flynn, and all other assorted Trump cronies and flunkies, squeal.”<br/>21. The Trump doctrine. “In practice, the new foreign policy, an effective Trump doctrine, was to reduce the board to three elements: powers we can work with, powers we cannot work with, and those without enough power whom we can functionally disregard or sacrifice.”<br/>22. Was there obstruction of justice? “The point could hardly have been clearer: if the president was pressuring the director because he feared that an investigation of Michael Flynn would damage him, then this was an obstruction of justice.”<br/>23. Interesting insights that are in play right now. “In fact, said, Bannon, eyes rolling and mouth agape, it was the Jarvanka idea to try to trade off amnesty for the border wall.”<br/>24. The military firewall. “Roger Stone, one of those people whose calls Kelly was now shielding the president from, spread the dark scenario that Mattis, McMaster, and Kelly had agreed that no military action would ever be taken unless the three were in accord—and that at least one of them would always remain in Washington if the others were away.”<br/>25. In short, what do they have in common? “In the wake of the immolating news conference, all eyes were suddenly on Kelly—this was his baptism of Trump fire. Spicer, Priebus, Cohn, Powell, Bannon, Tillerson, Mattis, Mnuchin—virtually the entire senior staff and cabinet of the Trump presidency, past and present, had traveled through the stages of adventure, challenge, frustration, battle, self-justification, and doubt, before finally having to confront the very real likelihood that the president they worked for—whose presidency they bore some official responsibility for—didn’t have the wherewithal to adequately function in his job.”<br/><br/>Negatives:<br/>1. No references, nor links to speak of.<br/>2. A glossary of the players with short bios would have been helpful.<br/>3. Lack of supplementary material like charts, graphs, photos or tables.<br/>4. No formal bibliography.<br/>5. How much of this is factual? It’s hard to tell but it seems that the author is willing to back up his claims with recordings.<br/>6. Trump fans will be disappointed, that may actually be a positive.<br/><br/>In summary, let’s face it, this book is like a car wreck, you just can’t take your eyes off of it. Even if you don’t like politics this is just one of those books that are guaranteed to entertain. The biggest shortcoming of the book is the lack of supplementary material and the fact that most of the book is hearsay though I presume that some can be backed by recordings and confirming testimony. That said, this is worth reading based on entertainment value and its implications.<br/><br/>Further suggestions that will help you get acquainted with their views: “Devil’s Bargain” by Joshua Green, “Collusion” by Luke Harding, “The Dangerous Case of Donald Trump” by Bandy X. Lee, “Unbelievable” by Katy Tur, “What Happened” Hillary Rodham Clinton, “The Plot to Hack America” by Malcolm Nance, and “The Making of Donald Trump” by David Cay Johnston.
 We both read this book.  It is easy to see why Trump wanted to stop this book.  It shows how Trump is running our country and what a mistake we made in electing him President.  Wish every American would read this book.  So many are fooled by his lies.  Buy the book .  It is worth it.
 I'd all but sworn off the self-flagellation of reading about this Trumpster Fire of an administration after the excellent books with which we've been blessed in the past months, but I'm really glad I read this latest. We knew from the hi-end armchair psychoanalysis of The Dangerous Case of Donald Trump what a malignant narcissist we have running (ruining) the country, and the cathartic and insightful Trump is F***ing Crazy by Keith Olbermann was an eloquent and inspired point of view of the campaign and subsequent sh*tstorm presently in place at the White House. Now, with Michael Wolff's Fire And Fury, we have the receipts.<br/>Although Drumpf and Manatee Slanders can call it Fake News forever, there is NO ONE who is cited in the book who has refuted the attributed quotes. The best they can offer are some typos and other minor quibbles; not that those kinds of problems don't exist in this book (I'm sure Henry Holt's legal department was working overtime and proofreading undoubtedly took a back seat), and not that these types of menial mistakes have been the kind of thing that Repugs have seized upon trying to discredit the Mueller investigation, but that's the kind of problems rats on a sinking ship must deal with.<br/>We've all been inundated and incredulous at the inanities revealed in this book, so I don't feel the need to recount them. I do think it's well worth noting, however, that it was an unexpected pleasure to find in Wolff's portrait of Steve Bannon a person of substance, interest, if not empathy. And more importantly, it's the insight above and beyond the transcripts and re-creation of WH soap opera that make this book worth so much more than mere prurience.<br/><br/>" Just doing things became a Bannon principle, the sweeping antidote to bureaucratic and establishment ennui and resistance. It was the chaos of just doing things that actually got things done. Except, even if you assumed that not knowing how to do things didn't much matter if you just did them, it was still not clear who was going to do what you wanted to do. Or, a corollary, because nobody in the Trump administration really knew how to do anything, it was therefore not clear what anyone did."<br/><br/>"Ultimately Trump may not be all that different in his fundamental solopsism from anyone of great wealth who has lived most of his life in a highly controlled environment. But one clear difference was that he had acquired almost no formal sort of social discipline--he could not even attempt to imitate decorum."<br/><br/>"Long before he ran for president, Trump and his sidekick son-in-law Kushner had been marked not just for ignominy, but for slow torture by ridicule, contempt, and ever-more amusing persiflage...The fabulous, incomprehensible irony that the Trump family had, despite the media's distaste, despite everything the media knows and understands and has said about them, risen to a level not only of ultimate consequence but even of immortality is beyond worst-case nightmare and int cosmic-joke territory."<br/><br/>"While Trump was in most ways a conventional misogynist, in the workplace he was much closer to women than to men. The former he confided in, the latter he held at arm's length. He liked and needed his office wives, and he trusted them with his most important personal issues. Women, according to Trump, were simply more loyal and trustworthy than men. Men might be more forceful and competent, but they were also more likely to have their own agendas. Women, by their nature, or Trump's version of their nature, were more likely to focus their purpose on a man. A man like Trump."<br/><br/>"Trump, who saw history through personalities--people he might have liked or disliked--was a John Dean freak. He went bananas when a now gray and much aged Dean appeared on talk shows to compart the Trump-Russia investigations to Watergate. That would bring the president to instant attention and launch an inevitable talk-back monologue to the screen about loyalty and what people would do for media attention. It might also be accompanied by several revisionist theories Trump had about Watergate and how Nixon had been framed. And always there were rats. A rat was someone who would take you down for his own advantage. If you had a rat you needed to kill it. And there were rats all around."<br/><br/>And, as we see in realtime, the rats are all abandoning ship and falling into the net of investigation and prosecution. Kudos to Michael Wolff for this important contextualization and narrative of this criminal regime.
 We did this to ourselves.  Enough of us voted for this man to put him in office.  Let's be more careful and intelligent about it next time we vote.  No one should be surprised about what they read in this book. Nonetheless, read this book!!
 Several of the stories in this book have been verified by other sources and seem to be common knowledge, especially regarding the infighting between Bannon, Priebus, Jarvanka and others.  Additional very specific situations were new to me, but very believable. Although there are some statements that weren't verified, most of them were quotes from people directly to Wolff himself.  I have no problem with that.  If I had edited this book, I would have corrected some typos and shortened some of the long-running sentences (often with many hyphens).  I found this book to be very enlightening and disturbing.  It confirms my worst fears: that 'our' President doesn't read, cannot track complex briefings, is verbally abusive to virtually everyone, has an extremely short attention span, has the vocabulary of a 2nd grader and almost no knowledge of the U.S. government and the world around him. Interesting information about Jared and Ivanka and their highly questionable, if not downright shady, business dealings. Not sure how I feel about Wolff's characterization of Nikki Haley. This book is worth reading!!
 Based on the early criticisms of the book's author, I actually liked this book more than I thought I would. It's still a wonder to me that he could have just sat around in White House offices through all this turmoil, but it is testament to the chaos that surrounds Trump and his unruly staff. Though I was familiar with most of the events described, still it was interesting to be able to view the inner workings of activities and staff rivalries. While I'm sure Wolff tried to be everyone's best friend while he was there, no one comes off particularly well in his telling. Before reading the book I had nothing but contempt for Trump or anyone who would lower him/her self to work for him. That opinion has not changed. Most of them don't appear to like him, but I suppose the money is good. One person who bears future watching is Nikki Haley and her rather strange and excessive praise of Trump.
 If even fifty % of this book is true it's a damning insight into the collapse of the US empire.
 Just finished the book and found it completely rings true for what we have seen out of Trump and the people around him over the last year.  I think it also make a good case for its central premise:  Trump and the people around him never thought he would win.  And because he never would, people like Maniford were brought in, who on the face of it, were bringing baggage that would be a problem once elected, but, since Trump getting elected couldn't possibly happen, was not a problem.
 With extraordinary access to the West Wing, Michael Wolff reveals what happened behind-the-scenes in the first nine months of the most controversial presidency of our time in Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House.<br/><br/>  Since Donald Trump was sworn in as the 45th President of the United States, the country—and the world—has witnessed a stormy, outrageous, and absolutely mesmerizing presidential term that reflects the volatility and fierceness of the man elected Commander-in-Chief.<br/><br/>  This riveting and explosive account of Trump’s administration provides a wealth of new details about the chaos in the Oval Office, including:<br/><br/>  — What President Trump’s staff really thinks of him<br/>  — What inspired Trump to claim he was wire-tapped by President Obama<br/>  — Why FBI director James Comey was really fired<br/>  — Why chief strategist Steve Bannon and Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner couldn’t be in the same room<br/>  — Who is really directing the Trump administration’s strategy in the wake of Bannon’s firing<br/>  — What the secret to communicating with Trump is<br/>  — What the Trump administration has in common with the movie The Producers<br/><br/>  Never before in history has a presidency so divided the American people. Brilliantly reported and astoundingly fresh, Fire and Fury shows us how and why Donald Trump has become the king of discord and disunion.<br/><br/>My Thoughts: Within the pages of <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Fire-and-Fury-Inside-the-Trump-White-House/dp/B077F4WZZY">Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House</a>, the reader will find more than enough information to reinforce his or her view of the current administration.<br/><br/>To learn that the Trump camp had other plans besides winning, like creating their own media empire, seems totally plausible. But now that Trump is in, he has doubled down and cemented his position, longing for the attention and loyalty he believes that he deserves.<br/><br/>If he doesn’t like something, he tweets a rant; in fact, Twitter ranting is his go-to reaction to what he calls “fake news” or a “witch hunt.”<br/><br/>Around him, in the West Wing, chaos reigns. The rivalry between staff members reminds me of a huge dysfunctional family, and the enmity grows with each passing day. As the ongoing investigation into collusion and obstruction of justice continues, we watch daily for new information…and new rants from the Ranter in Chief.<br/><br/>Reading this book will not be an uplifting experience. But if we arm ourselves with knowledge of what is happening in Washington, we might be able to take action. I am familiar with protests, having been young during the Vietnam War. Having watched Nixon be investigated, with the threat of impeachment hovering, I can live through the experience again. Hopefully, sooner rather than later. A 5 star read.
 For anyone who has been following the life and times of The Donald, the clown show of characters and antics won't be much of a surprise.  Much of the juicy parts have been covered in depth on cable news and in print.  There are still a few surprises, but mostly it's a reinforcement of things you already knew or suspected of this half baked administration and the puppeteers behind the scenes.  There was a big uproar when the book first came out, some dismissals or dismay over various tidbits of information, most of which-like the Steele Dossier-have born out to be verifiable and true, or unable to disprove.  I found it a good read, I wish I could just laugh off some of the crazier parts, but the deeper we get into this administration the less humorous it becomes, and the more ominous the future.
 To anyone following the events in the White House (and the bankruptcy of the polarizing US political system in the slipstream) this book, apart from insider quotes can not be a surprise. It just illustrates what can become of a democratic political system if the dominant political parties, for the sake of clinging to power, influence and often selfish interest, refuse to modernize, where they should, across party differences share the responsibility of accountability to the people and the creation of a sustainable political system fair to all.
 I am on chapter16 of this book.  Probably one of the best books I've read.  It gives a fly on the wall perspective.  Just to think that our GREAT PRESIDENT allowed someone to have all access in the Whitehouse without any questions asked is just comical.  The book basically confirms everything that has been said in the past year, with more juicy details.  It's well worth the $15.00!<br/>Cheers!!!
 What does 5 stars mean? Well don’t feel i wasted my money. His writing style is easy to follow. The content is consistent with what we’ve seen, maybe some embelishment but an interesting composition.
 I loved this and the other book on Storming The Whitehouse.  This was fascinating and a quick read.  Would love part 2 to continue this amazing soap opera/ wrestling match of a presidency.  Trump is genius, just not a well read one probably.  Bannon is right as was Pat Buchanon 20 years ago, this country is a battle between 2 tribes.  They win because we liberals are 2 stupid 2 play the game.  Like someone said in this book, liberals don’t show up to a gunfight with a knife, they show up with tea.  One tribe will dominate and the other will be irrelevant.
 Intriguing details. Seems to me more of book about Steve Bannon and his relationships with the Trumps.  Commentary  and opinion based but some interesting insights.
 The book has much more material than I thought it would have. I thought it would just be about the time that Trump has been in the White House but the author covers campaign events and people and incriminating stuff from before the election - when you see it all laid out one thing after the other - if you're not scared for the country, there's something wrong with you.
 It's difficult for the President to make a case for libel when 98% of what's in this book happened unapologetically on camera and over audio in front of the entire world.
 If you're a political junkie - this seems to be a pretty good look into the bizarre world of the Trump Whitehouse.<br/><br/>While I suspect more than a few of the tales told are somewhat embellished, I have a feeling that there are a lot more crazy things going on, that aren't being told.<br/><br/>It's mentally difficult to read. I'm not sure if that's because I'm getting burned out on the whacky or if it's a case of Michael Wolfe's writing style.<br/><br/>Your experience may vary.
 Pretty much verifies exactly how I expected things are operating  within our highest office. Well written, flows nicely, and easy to read. Not really any great surprises, but I imagine it might be shocking to those who were not already willing to see the handwriting on the wall. Oh wait......those people will not believe the author's experience anyway, so my previous comment will not apply to them.
 Even if only half of the content of this book is real, it is a terrifying look into the inner workings of the Trump White House and Trump's inability to think, plan, or lead. The stories of Palace Intrigues are as compelling as those of monarchs of the past and 20th century facists and modern dictators.<br/><br/>An entertaining read in spite of the fact that it is not fiction and the effects of this administration will take decades to repair.
 Thoroughly disturbing portrayal of the shell of a man being led by opposing forces trying to lead our country.
 While the publication may lack research rigor, as claimed by many, a clear truth emerges that paints a questionable character for the elected U.S. president. But whatever the reader understands from anecdotes revealed in this book, a most depressing perspective of core American values presents itself in the inaction of the U.S. Congress to assert its constitutional power in the service of American citizens. That the entire White House consists of cronyism practicing a self-serving plutocracy is seen in this book as a conflict, not between government and its citizens, but between the Executive and Legislative Branches of government. The until now unchecked power absorbed by the President runs its own course because countervailing forces do not take it upon themselves to assure Separation of Powers - between the Branches, with States, and with citizen groups. The Grimm brothers could not have spun a more intriguing, yet frightening saga for the abuse of government power. The book tells it as it appears to be.
 That this work should be dismissed because of "...editing errors", would be one of the great mistakes that our society could make. It describes what most have suspected, and it may turn out to be one if the most important books of our time.
 The book is a real eye opener.  It should be called how to make Millions at the Tax Payer's expense.  Granted there are minor and major factual errors in the book. Michael Wolff has admitted so in the press and TV. I believe the title comes from words the person in the White House said when referring to North Korea. It reminded me of something I learned in High School.<br/>  We were reading "Macbeth" by Shakespeare  There was a line that seems to fit today.<br/><br/>  "Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player,<br/>  That Struts and frets his hour upon the stage,<br/>  And then is heard no more. It is a tale,<br/>  Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury,<br/>  Signifying nothing.
 Finally the madness exposed by a witness, the proverbial fly on the wall.
 This book just arrived and it was enlightening in some areas, others were what I expected. Sad that this is what America has come to. This man is either insane or has dementia. He really cannot think for himself
 There ARE typos in my Kindle edition, but the writing is both amusing and insightful, especially with regard to Mr. Bannon's background. Mr. Wolff is obviously well-educated. Be prepared to look up some of the words he uses as he employs a vast vocabulary. Consider this a type of welcome pain relief for those of us who are not part of the Trump base.
 Great book....  Yes, much of the information has been seen or heard in the news, but having it all in one place has an incredible impact.
 One of the most open secrets in the country is that Donald Trump is incredibly stupid. Wolff shows us case after case of exemplars of this stupidity.<br/><br/>He, his progeny and others he has surrounded himself with are just as uninformed when it comes to government. They are interested in only one thing, absolute control of the country which they will rule with an iron fist.<br/><br/>Still the faithful will continue to worship at the altar of Trump, he will tell them that the Democrats, Hillary and Obama are the ones responsible for what he has done to them and the simpering morons will believe it.
 GR8 read, a real page turner.  Michael Wolff said publically 100% of it's true.  Only "disclaimer" at beginning was to state that so many around Trump lie, bigly, so he had to ferret out the truth from many different accounts that were similar with different details recalled.  Read this book, it's an important part of our history.
 A glimpse into the chaos going on in the trump White House. Everything the leakers have been saying all along, but now we get to read all about it.
 We've heard most of this stuff, but when it's all layed out within context of the staff infighting and trump's immaturity, it's much worse than I ever imagined.  And I already believed he was an existential threat to the world.
 Unbelievable! A fun read...if it weren't for the fact that it's probably true. You have to wonder how anything gets accomplished in this WH.
 To echo many other reviewers, I'm an avid reader, but not typically of political books. However, the controversy and the attempt to ban the book piqued my interest and I bought it almost immediately, though it sat on my bookshelf until I had a free evening to read it.  Although I typically read the news, the chaos and nonstop news cycle of the last few years made it challenging to follow exactly what was happening, especially with the not-infrequent hirings and firings.  This book details chronologically the major events from Election Day to mid-2017, not sparing any of the shocking details. At times, it read as a bit gossipy, but the very nature of the subject probably required some discussion of the infighting between various administrative officials.  There weren't any major new revelations in this book if you follow the news regularly, but I felt like I had a better understanding of the overall events and political players of the last few years from reading it.  Now, time to vote.
 Wow!  If just 10% of the info in this book is true, it is shocking and disgraceful to every descent American.
 Interesting inside info on who's who in Trump's world. Easy read for poli-sci buffs and history buffs. Looks like we're in for more upheaval in DC!
 Confirms a good deal of what we have expected. What is impactful is how the book puts it all together. Since we have been subjected to the daily drip drip drip hilarity of the Trump circus.
 In a country that values freedom of speech, when the President tells me to not buy a book, I have got to have me a copy. Buying a copy is my "no" vote against public information suppression.
 For all the criticism this book has gotten since it was released, it offers a coherent and interesting explanation for all the weird shit that went on in 2017.<br/><br/>Surely not all of this book is true. There are unquestionably typos and misstatements—or simple misapprehensions—about what goes on in the current White House and the way that the U.S. Constitution works. That’s not a serious weakness, though, because that’s not the main point of this book. The main point of this book is explaining the personalities and relationships driving current decisionmaking. In that regard, this book meets its billing.<br/><br/>Heaven help us.
 Fire and Fury is way beyond a story about political intrigue. It is a frightening tale. It is a very dark comedy, darker still because every word is most likely true..<br/>At some points I thought I was reading " Game of Thrones". This book scares me. I thought at some times, " this is like the horror version of the television show "The Office".<br/>Michael Wolff.... thank you, your the best!
 My own fears and beliefs in what is going on in the People’s House was verified in this book! Recommended reading for every American of voting age.
 Michael Wolf csptures the mood and dynamics in the White House.  Some may quibble over the fine points, but the overall picture presented rings true.<br/><br/>  This should be read with an open mind by anyone interested in better understanding the current political dynamics in the White House.<br/><br/>  There is much to think about here, and it is best thought about as objectively as possible, setting aside ideological and “tribL” considerations.
 Love Trump, you'll hate the book. Wolff had access to people inside the Trump inner circle, especially Bannon. The dysfunction and chaos is on full display. Even if this book is not one hundred percent accurate, it seems to confirm a lot of negative perceptions of the people and process that have been reported in the media. It is an easy read, and will reinforce the thinking of Trump opponents and will infuriate Trump supporters.
 Deep sigh. Sad really. It's interesting how this book brought generalized hatred to pathetic about the Trump  presidency. I'm skeptical of some details but overall theme is what it appears to be from the outside.<br/>What I am most still wondering though is who is running the government? It's clear he's incompetent and has no plans or people just approaching him? And the biggest question is when will this all end and how. I think the book is important in that it helps in wrapping your head around how in the world the bazaar unbelievable things that we hear about are actually happening behind the scenes. It makes sense now.
 one has put pen to paper , I trust that the reporting is derived from actual knowledge and experience. It is my hope that many Trump diehards read this accounting which will have a bearing on their support.
 I was really excited about reading this, especially after the whole lawsuit and early release thing. But then the presidency just kept happening and this book was just too real. He really did a good job getting into the putrid meat of the situation. So much so that it made me ill.
 While it could have used a bit more editing (some typos, unnecessarily run-on sentences, too many nested phrases), obviously rushed to press due to Fat-Ass-Donny-Two-Scoops' silly threats, I give this a full five stars because Michael Wolff has done something that news journalists have been unwilling to do: pull back the curtain to reveal the scummy, revolting truth about the current Resident of the White House. Bravo, Mr. Wolff!
 Reads well seems to be true based on inexplicable actions that occurred. Really will be something else when Mueller keeps making deals with ex members of White House of Cards. The finger pointing and sell outs should be remarkable. One thing seems sure no one likes anyone in the White House right now. Too bad, So sad. “Make America Great Again” looks like a foreign plow. Other countries don’t care for us. I wonder if they would com3 to our Aid if a conflict broke out with China or Korea.
 It is an easy, light read that one can get through relatively quickly. It sheds a little extra light on some of the events of Trump's first year as President. If you're a news junkie, you probably won't find it that informative, but it isn't a total waste of time either. Overall, not bad, but certainly not great either.
 I found the book to be a confirmation of what I already know about Trump and his entourage for the most part. It's a well-written, articulate narrative detailing how the odyssey began and evolved which was very informative. Michael Wolff is a talented writer. My only criticism is that some of the vocabulary he chose to illustrate his points is a bit too fussy for the general public to easily understand. In other words, you need a dictionary at the ready if you don't have a degree in languages (I do, but sometimes I had to look up certain words) to interpret what is being said. All in all, I enjoyed the book, couldn't put it down being a political junky, and would recommend it as it's a great read and generally supports what is being told to us by the media about the current administration. Fine job, Michael Wolff!
 This is the first time I've read a book based on an ongoing reality TV show. It does give great insight into all the drama not shown on the show. ...and I must say, this is the most exciting Trump reality show yet! I'm just sorry that it's true.
 The book is entirely credible, especially for those who have kept up with the daily news. It offers a plausible portrait of this least qualified person to ever hold office and manage to embarass a nation and discredit its international standing as a model democracy.
 Great book on how horrible Donald Trump has made America.  I blame two factors the Deplorables which will only be deplorable to allow the worst human being on this earth to be an American President.  Also the younger people who thought we had two flawed candidates.  I hate mass shootings but the kids in Broward County will make a difference for our future.  The second Fire &amp; Fury will be about a country that doesn't under stand no matter the degree of mental Illness guns need to be take away and no one should be allowed to buy an assault rifle
 so far, entertaining and well written. how did us voted for trump, i cannot fathom it...
 Can’t wait for the movie.  Tarantino or Coen bros should direct .
 This book gave some interesting characterizations into the chaotic personalities causing the turmoil inside the White House organization. These connections put into perspective how and why American leadership is not only dangerous but frightening.
 It's really sad to read what has been written in this book about the current occupants of the white house. Even if some of what Wolff has described could not be verified, the majority of what he  has written rings true as more and more embarrassing news comes out of white house on a daily basis. You read it with a sense of anger and sadness and wondering how on earth people would find the buffoon worthy of becoming the president of the free world with all his corruptions and lies and childish behavior. It's a strange time to be alive for sure.
 A well-written look into the chaos that is the Trump White House.  However, if you've paid attention to the news, there isn't a lot new here.  But what I enjoy most Is the Trumpettes denying the veracity of the book and also attacking the vile creature Bannon for what he is quoted as saying.  You can't have it both ways - either the book is fiction and Bannon shouldn't be attacked or it is accurate - which is my bet.
 Neither the pro-Trump nor the anti-Trump faction will find hope or comfort in this portrait of dysfunctional government. Wollf describes a White House crippled by internal power struggles among the President’s family and hangers-on. There is particular focus on Steve Brannon and his chaos strategy. The first nine months with this chaotic team and its sometime leader takes on a depressing repetitiveness.  Events, statements and conclusion are presented as fact without any attempt to corroborate stories, which is a problem. However, recent news events support many of the general observations in this book.  Another problem is that Wollf does not go beyond the immediate personality issues in his analyses in spite of all his supposed time in the White House and in spite of many unanswered questions about motives and business conflicts on this team.
 If Trump hadn't thrown a tantrum about this book, I most likely wouldn't have purchased it. I wasn't surprised by anything I read, at all. It was a good read, and validated everything I've already felt to be true about the Toddler-In-Chief. If you're fed up with this country being treated like a game show, you'll most likely enjoy this book.
 There was nothing that I read in this book that hasn't already been substantiated by the current administration in the last year. While I have no doubt there may be some exaggerations or even a few lies, if just a few things are true, which indeed many recorded occurrences have been confirmed as factual, we should be deeply concerned. The mere fact that there was an attempt to stop this book from being published is horrifying.
 Although the book feels like it was rushed to print...it could use some major editing and time framing, it is a very open and revealing look at the man who we knew acted out like a petulant 12 year old against anyone who seemed to criticize him. Anyone can recall his ridiculous rants about Rosie O'Donnell that reduced to childish name calling. It confirms what I already believed...that Trump had no real intention of being President. Unfortunately, the people who need to read this the most won't ever take the time, nor have the inclination.
 There are few surprises in this book. We know the story. But Wolff is a great writer and a terrific storyteller. An enjoyable read.
 However, the really important stories of  this person are not covered.  That is: 1. How this sexual Neanderthal is getting away with his continued sexual abuse and harassment, which is not investigated and reported in detail; and 2. How this poor businessman, who went bankrupt several times, surviving on other peoples' money and greed, is now accessing the richest pots of money in the world (the US treasury).
 This book is no piece of editing brilliance, and I might've ignored it until the interviews and the attempts to cease and desist. My gut tells me there's a grain of truth to this nonsense. I voted for 45, and I regret it.
 A fascinating and compelling look at the current administration from a writer with 'unusual' access. Moving, at times at whiplash speed, from Shakespearean tragicomedy to reality TV to Borgiaesque intrigue to Simpsons episode and back again, this tale will keep you turning pages. You may want to ask why, with all the other titles available concerning Mr. Trump et al, this particular volume exacted the greatest amount of hysterical screams of Fake News, lies and denials, which massively increased sales for Mr Wolff. Perhaps the 'Trumpers' protest to much? Read the book and judge its veracity for yourself (with perhaps a little non-partisan fact checking).
 Everything you wanted in an insider look at the Trump Whitehouse and more. Wolff pushes the envelop but he writes a nice narrative that gives you the picture up to and after the 2016 election. The chaotic atmosphere is borne out by current headlines. He is probably three-quarters on target. Other reporters and writers have slammed Wolff because they simply do not like him or the way he puts his stories together. The late Hunter S. Thompson had the same problem.  I do not think Trump would have been elected had my fictional Universal Vote System been in place, but you will have to read my novel to find out about it. (Good read by the way; quick and fun.) <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/VOTE-A-Vic-Bengston-Investigation-Vic-Bengston-Investigations-Book-2/dp/B01821AO4K">VOTE: A Vic Bengston Investigation (Vic Bengston Investigations Book 2)</a>
 Our nation's house for the first family is still standing but is taking a lot of hard knocks and blows by the family who presently occupies it.  Mr. Wolff has confirmed what we all thought we knew about the disruptive mess in the white house.  Most especially, the Jarvanka team is worse than I feared and they just  need to GO!!!!!  Book has good insight into the everyday pandemonium there!!
 Very interesting look inside a chaotic WH...and the dysfunctional environment. The relationships among key players and the never-ending grab for power are no surprise. If even half of this book is true, it confirms the lack of leadership at the top. Thanks to the author for sharing.
 I bought my copy of Fire and Fury as soon as it became available then intentionally took my time finishing it so that I could savor each chapter. My worst fears have been realized thanks to Michael Wolff. How Trump ever allowed him in the White House so be one of the great mysteries of our day. Thanks for enlightening us, Mr.Wolff. Where have you gone, Harry Truman?
 Even being center left on the political spectrum, I was reluctant to read this as I worried the book was going to be scandalous gossip of little substance, and I shared the concerns of many about the veracity of the quotes made and wondered about how the author could have credibly gotten such access to the White House to write this book. After seeing Wolff speak in person at an event and explain his purpose and process as well as his history and relationships with Ailes, Bannon, and even Trump, and I was convinced to give the book a go.<br/><br/>Now having read through it entirely, I highly recommend it as an incredibly thoughtful and thorough account of the forces that have occupied the White House in the first year of this administration, unearthing the chaos and emotion that is directing our country and influencing American politics likely for decades to come. This book is a rare insight into the real persons and personalities shaping history. A definite must read.
 The problem with the book, to me, a news junkie, is that subsequent events, almost on a daily basis, made much of it, old. news. For the uninitiated, it can be eye-catching and depressing. The overwhelming theme, how did we, the electorate, let it get this?
 I sense a rush to publish in this work. It is at times repetitive and would cause me to stop and say, "how can Wollff know what person X thinks?" I wish he had fleshed those suppositions out more. He is a lively writer, perhaps, like too many British authors in my experience, too attached to the use of french phrases.<br/>Much of what is key the drama of "Fire and Fury" has been reported much more carefully than in Wollf's book. However, Wollf's prose is that of the insider. The picture of the Trump White House he essays comports with numerous reports from verified stories, and credible reporting by trusted sources. That is the scary thing about the book.
 I don't like Michael Wolff's writing. "Fire and Fury" isn't easy to read. Wolff likes to spice up his sentences with inserted asides, sometimes 10 or 20 words long. It takes great concentration to capture every thought first time around. Then there's the commas. Boatloads of them. 99% are well placed but half could have been omitted. Many paragraphs say the same thing as the previous but from a different angle, with a different twist.<br/><br/>Still, "Fire and Fury" is a gripping depiction which has left me with a question nearly as devastating as the miasma Wolff relates: How did he ever get in the door? Evidently the vetting you might expect of a journalist equaled that of nearly everyone else - nonexistent. All the chants of "lock her up" for emails no one has seen ring hollow considering the security in the present White House has yet to materialize.<br/><br/>No one needs to read "Fire and Fury" to imagine our current administration couldn't be more dysfunctional. That said, to truly understand how messed up it all is requires diving into Wolff's book. Unfortunately this is one instance where knowledge is not power.
 Yes, I was one of those who had to get this book the day it was released. 8:59am found me, tablet open, waiting for the download to begin. From the first page of Fire and Fury I was hooked. Michel Wolff tells a fascinating story, not because we don't know a lot of what he reports, but because he exposes the context in which these well-publicized events transpired.<br/><br/>Wolff has a sharp eye for irony, so much so that the book was often pretty funny. That said, an editor surely should have spent more time removing his non-stop parenthetical phrases. Many times I had to read a sentence repeatedly just to connect thoughts broken open so the writer could drop in another aside.<br/><br/>This is my only complaint about the book. If he writes a sequel - and I hope he does - (see now he has me doing it!) I'll be there, tablet in hand, first thing in the morning on publication day.
 This book doesn't wander far from what my expectations of this administration is up to. It's utterly gross, and yet, like the proverbial train wreck, you CANNOT look away. I read the entire thing this morning, and I'm going to have to go back and read it again. To be sure that I actually read all the )#&amp;%# I thought I did, and did such #(%&amp;*# actually make it into a work about how the administration is going about its daily business.<br/><br/>This is a constitutional crisis. I have read, already, all the attacks on the author. But everything he says shores up my POV about the administration - they were not prepared, they are a bumbling roadside attraction doing anything they can to keep the audience's attention. When whatever the current shill is turns out not to be what they want you to see, they bumble and fall over one another, inflaming hatred of some "other" - from the top down - to shift your attention.<br/><br/>I have been watching, enjoying, and debating politics since I was ten. I love to see what current administrations are doing, and even if I voted for them, I'll critique. No one's perfect. But this - good grief. I have been ashamed, from time to time, at some of the actions of past presidents. But I am constantly, 150%, 24/7 ashamed of this administration. There is nothing they do that doesn't hurt, lash out, or inflict damage on some part of the American people. Outside of that group the pres wants to be part of, the billionaires, everyone else is merely fodder.<br/><br/>And lord help you if you are anyone other than white and male. Because you're nothing.<br/><br/>All this book has done is reinforce what I thought I was seeing. While that makes me sad, angry, and worried - it also reinforces that we must be active, and not complacent - we must, as a nation, go vote for people who will support this nation, and the ideals it has survived on. We have to bring back people who are not the sellout pieces of trash that is our current legislative bodies.<br/><br/>Most of all, this book is a warning. Our nation is under siege. If you don't see it - it's because you don't want to, or feel that the siege will benefit you in some fashion. It won't. If it does, it's temporary, and you will pay the piper, and it will hurt. This book should show you that. The pres has loyalty and concern for one person - himself. Anyone else is disposable. That includes the nation he supposedly represents.<br/><br/>I suggest you read it. And put down the partisanship, and read it with eyes of "Is this who I want to represent me?" Even if only half of this is true, we are in a world of hurt. WE deserve better. The pres and all his sycophantic horde deserve to be bounced out on their backsides. Which begins with the 2018 elections.
 A must read......just like a "Watergate" story in the making....
 Interesting account of how we ended up with this embarrassing clown as the president. Worth purchasing.
 This book is well written and interesting.  I've followed the Trump presidency closely.  Too closely.  I resolved in 2018 to quit reading all of the articles about his horrible administration.  Instead, I resolved to read more books in 2018. Then, Mr. Wolff wrote a book which allowed me to continue my obsession without breaking my resolution.  Even so, I might not have bought the book until Trump tried to stop me from buying it.
 This book was exactly what I thought it would be, more hype than substance, but the truth nevertheless.  I sense the Trump White House is a sham--just like him.  A sad book for sad times.
 This book has had a huge impact, while not affecting much of anything.<br/><br/>People who were said to have been somewhere or having said something have disavowed anything and everything. But the overall amount of "source" contributions result in an exceptionally scary situation in the White House.<br/><br/>This book is a good read for those who are against Tromp.  I don't think those who support him would want to read this book, I will go so far as to say it is a must read for those who make up his extremely large base.
 I thought this book was incomplete. I also saw that the writer was somewhat less than honest about some of the things he had written. Not outright lies, but like trump so frequently does, cherry picked things for his own use against his subject. Not really anything I did not already know from public records searches.
 as long as you don't think Trump is a messiah. If you think he's some evil mastermind, you still might not like this book.<br/>If you think he's a two-bit pimp, kind of a moron albeit an intuitive phenomenological response to our times, you'll fit right in. SJWs and antifas might not like it, just as Trump-evangelists (even closeted ones) might not like it. If you're into exclusively petty conspiracies you also might get rubbed the wrong way. But this book is compatible with sensible deep-state conspiracy ideas, and almost equally compatible with Young Democrats Against Brutishness League type personalities.<br/>For the most part, it's a book for a levelheaded, compromising audience. Sometimes that means milquetoasts and Hillbots, and sometimes that means lucid, open-eyed people trying honestly to make sense of the world as they move through it.<br/><br/>The hype may have subsided but it's a gripping, timely read. Cop for sure
 This book was trashed by Trumpites as full of lies because it contained several factual inaccuracies. Those really don't matter. What matters is that Wolfe captures considerable information and relates this information (with attribution - no "sources say") in a narrative that shows an overall theme -- the Trump White House is a circus full of clowns.
 Colbert's Cliffs Notes sum it up: Trump dumb; staff worried.<br/><br/>We should all be worried. Even allowing for poetic license and the much publicized errors in the narrative, this book is as alarming as advertised.
 I remember when Fire and Fury came out that it's author, Michael Wolff, became the media darling. He appeared on countless TV talk shows, promoting the book while attempting to deflect criticism from astute Washington, D.C. insiders who accused him of potential inaccuracies about the Trump White House. Nevertheless, when I was able to purchase Fire and Fury on Kindle, I did so.<br/><br/>Writing honestly, I can say as a former journalist that Wolff repeatedly uses "thousand dollar words to express ten cent sentences. He also relies too much on the thoughts and statements of Steve Bannon, Trump's former chief strategist, to describe the machinations of Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump. It is apparent that the author made little, if any, attempt to directly quote either of them. Wolff seems to rely heavily on input from other White House staffers to defend the "First Couple".<br/><br/>I'm not defending Kushner and his wife. It is quite obvious from countless media reports that neither of these two people have an business working in government, a point Michael Wolff strongly cites throughout his book. If the author had truly desired to present Donald Trump as unfit for office, he could have delved more into the 25th Amendment issue, rather than just giving it less than a paragraph. In summation, this book could have been so much more important and valuable it it had been written by the likes of Chris Matthews, Lawrence O'Donnell or Rachel Maddow.
 This is a lurid page-turner that offers an intimate look inside the dysfunctional Trump white house.  What a buncha maroons!  You'd better read this because everybody else is, too.  Ye Gods.  I bought the Kindle version, read it on my tablet.
 I read through this so fast because it was so interesting! A lot of things I suspected were confirmed, and some things I would never have guessed.  It's a great look inside Bizarro World where Trump rules but no one knows why. I suspect much of the info came not just from the author, who sat around in the West Wing, but also from high-level insiders who shared on conditions of anonymity because even though they are inside, they are alarmed at the craziness.  I wish Trump supporters would read this and see what they bought.
 This book is hard to put down.  It answers questions about various incidents and explains why the administration has, at times, seemed to hold diametrically opposed political philosophies.  I highly recommend it to federal employees and inside-the-beltway news junkies.
 Trump Nation already hates it but for others, if you read it, nothing that is happening right now (mid-March 2018) is surprising.  Wolf stopped writing and the book was locked down and went to press in 2017, but the past actions he reported on foreshadowed everything that is going on now.<br/>Most recent big event, Gary Cohen's resignation.  If you read the book you'd say, "Oh yeah, saw that coming."  The sex scandals--saw those coming, too.  But the frightening part is the downright, amateurish ineptitude of the players revealed in the book.<br/>By the way, why is it still on the book shelves?  Trump was going to stop publication, but it still selling like hot cakes.
 This book is a huge eye opener into the Trump campaign and presidency.  Whether you agree with it or not it is engaging reading,  It's actually a little scary to think that this is the person who is running the country!
 I purchased because Trump told me not too...
 Like previous reviews said, I bought this to show that Trump can't keep a book from being published.  I am a retired school teacher, but I too can afford the $15.00.
 It was interesting to see all the behind the scenes wars. He definitely clarified how trumps actions were linked to events taking place behind the scenes. We can only hope that enough people are enraged by this book and let this be the beginning of the 2018 revolution to reclaim Washington
 What fun!  I read this for the entertainment and think it was well written, which somewhat surprised me after all the criticism I had heard.  The assertions Wolff made seem to hang together well and seem well supported.  If there are minor inconsistencies, I don't think there is anything wrong here that could possibly change the story that is told by this book.  The scenes Wolff report seem much like those we see on TV everyday, but we can't usually know what is going on in the background.  Now we do know.
 The amount of inside info presented is impressive. The criticisms of this book don’t hold much water, since you really couldn’t make this stuff up.  The only negative is that the book ends too soon. So much has happened since then, it would have been fascinating if Wolf had had continuing access to the West Wing.
 OMG. All the craziness we all suspected turns out to be the tip of the iceberg. We are being governed by a four-year-old woth below average maturity and intelligence. Good luck, Kelley.. I am relieved he is not likely to be a compromised Russian agent, based on these observations. Still, who DID bankroll his rebound from bankruptcy?
 well written and paints a pretty gloomy picture of the man who is leading our country and is likely to get us into a nuclear war.  i wish all the voters had been able to read this before the election.
 A fascinating look inside a horribly dysfunctional White House. Led by a willfully ignorant man-child, and complete with a "Star Wars bar" cast of characters. So many competing agendas and so much back-stabbing. Competent administrators head for the door while unqualified relatives, sycophants, billionaires, and white supremacists remain. Will our government survive 4 years of incompetence, impulsiveness, and intentional de-construction? That is the question I am left with. The book at times seems to have been rushed to print, with occasional typos. But overall it paints a picture of the Trump White House that should frighten every American.
 Loved this book!!! It usually takes me a long time to read a book cause I am always busy and it's hard to read with kids around but I got through this one really quick, about two days. The only negative comment I have is that there are few misspellings and grammar errors throughout the book, who proofread this??? I you are on the fence about getting, just buy it cause you wont regret it, was worth every penny. Really an interesting read.
 I didn’t think I would enjoy reading a book such as this, however, was quite surprised, as I couldn’t put it down. This would make a great movie...a serious movie. After reading the novel I can say it’s believable and if one really thinks logically it becomes impossible to say ‘there’s no way real people can be this ruthless’. Fire And Fury will enlighten you on how American politics works. I’d say the author did a pretty good job in the way the events are told.
 More in-depth look at those who are running(?) our government today....
 This book has performed a great public service, freeing the press to come forward and finally speak in public the things they have been hearing behind closed doors for a long, long time.
 When you add a lot of righteous anger over economic displacement, xenophobia often with a racist foundation, and general well--deserved dissatisfaction with WA DC, the door was opened for the strangest election I can recall in my 65 years. Mr. Wolff was given extensive prolonged access to the warring parties in the Trump White House. The book "Fire and Fury" is an alarming look at what happens when the techniques of Gaslighting and Media manipulation puts someone in charge who only cares about his own egotistical need to dominate every confrontation. The strongest message is that no one was more shocked by the election outcome than Trump followed by his campaign staff. They were caught completely unready. I came away from this book feeling like this was a frighteningly clear look at how easily the institutions of government can be subverted in an age of popularity based not on principle but upon how outrageous one can act in every situation to gain attention. We have a long way down yet to slide, but Mr. Wolff has provided a valuable insight into a White House ruled by a pure Narcissist. I feel sorry for all Americans; we are still losing the last Election. (Note: I also blame Hillary and the DNC for this mess.)
 True or not, I do not know.  Nevertheless it sure seems authentic and I had trouble putting it down.  I felt that I was plopped down on a couch in the center of White House chaos. (Apparently that's how the author catalogued the entire mess.)  A fun and revealing read.
 Michael Wolff created an insightful book that allows the reader to learn about the inner workings of the mind of Trump and the minds of many of his supporting characters as they try to save 45 from himself. The endless players on the stage endure the abusive mind of 45. They arrive, attempt to help, then spin off as the tragedy continues to burn down civilized discourse. Nepotism rules this White House. Chapter 5, Jarvanka, was my fav. How was Michael Wolff able to capture so many delightful insights regarding the internal strife of this current failing administration? Well done Sir! Trump's inability to lead, motivate, inspire is prevalent all thru this wonderful book. The book is a classic study of people and their behavior in groups. Trump loves to abuse all comers, even his children, even Hope Hicks. The book helped me understand more about the inner workings of Trump's illnesses. Trump's handlers are unable to manage his tantrums, his lack of ethos. Reality is not his world. 45's addiction to golfing is far more important than caring for the citizens of the USA in his mind. This book is epic. It should be required reading for all high school students.
 Definitely a page turner, agree with the criticisms that it's hard to validate some sources but it's most certainly worth anyone's time.  I haven't gone through a book this fast in years
 Good insight behind the scenes. Pretty clear that the sources were Bannon and his allies. Reading from a position of skepticism, I don't believe this is in any way fiction. Wolff clearly makes some interpretations, but the majority of the book is simply reporting the views and opinions of people close to Trump. Many of the events described are clearly the precursors to recent headlines, but I think that despite the hype, the importance of this book will fade simply due to the sheer volume of controversy generated by this President.
 Could not read fast enough to keep up with the real time chaos. To rename book the plant of the apes may insult the apes.  Only Bannon has a vision, distorted as it may be. Everyone seems to be drinking the koolade, just different flavors.  Looking forward to your sequel
 Well written, fun book. It's a howl to read how incredibly stupid the Dumpster and family are. Makes Bannon out as a genius in the story. And the filthy wealth of the Kushner Family. Pays Harvard Law School 3M and another university another 3M for a diploma when he's dumb as a rock!  Heaven help us! Plus I bought this book because NOBODY is going to infringe on my 1st Amendment right to tell me what I can and cannot read!
 Everything rings horrifyingly true. A must read.
 Is it perfectly accurate? Depends who you ask, but the overall image created of the president and his white house is undeniable. All the craziness makes much more sense when you see who he is behind the scenes: a spiteful vengeful man who doesn't have a clue how the government works and doesn't care to learn. Of course they'll claim everything is fake, because it's not flattering, but it all matches up to what we've been seeing too well. That aside, it's well written with a quick pace, and entertaining as hell.
 All my misgivings about the bully 45th POTUS are clearly outlined and spelled out in this book.  Even if only a fraction of what’s related in the book is true, I continue to wonder how and when this saga will end!<br/>It appears like the crooked and devious Bannon is the one who understood/understands Trump’s severe mental and management limitations more than any of the other unscrupulous members of his family and his inner circle!  That too makes me wonder as to when this charade will end?
 Nothing in this book is a surprise to anyone who has watched him on the news, read his countless crazy/ridiculous tweets...ordered the book mostly to show DJT we live in America and his attempt to stop publication was moronic.
 Fantastic book. It just shows the reality of the orange clown in office.  Got to love all the republicans refuting this book when there is evidence of these incidents happening everyday on the clowns twitter account.
 so much better than expected, this ought to be a film in the future. Best experience is about the powers around Trump and how they play•
 What a fun read. I didn't want it to end. Anyone with at least two brain cells can see what Donald Trump is like, but it's fun to read about the "geniuses" trying to control this dumb, dumb, dumb tantrum machine.
 Fascinating reading.  The material is presented in a neutral manner, as the author received the information from largely credited sources.  If there are a few inaccuracies within, those can be corrected without detracting from the overall value of the document.  This look within the White House was fascinating.  I wish Mr. Wolff had documented the first year of every President in the last thirty years.
 Just started reading this, and like most reviewers here, I purchased the book as a protest.  Americans have to do everything possible  to get the message to the GOP leadership that we demand they stop pretending that this is normal.  History will judge them harshly for putting political power and personal gain ahead of protecting our democracy.
 Here is President Trump's review via Twitter: Michael Wolff is a total loser who made up stories in order to sell this really boring and untruthful book. He used Sloppy Steve Bannon, who cried when he got fired and begged for his job. Now Sloppy Steve has been dumped like a dog by almost everyone. Too bad!<br/><br/>I just finished the book and I realize that Michael Wolff's tactics don't stand up to top journalist standards, but there is enough there there to paint a picture of a constitutional crisis in action. Trump is unfit to be president. All evidence suggests this.
 Although the book repeated much of what has been reported by the Media, it made for an interesting read. The author has a similar interpretation of events as many of the reporters on the White House beat.  Time, and the Mueller, investigation, will disclose how much of the book contents are factual.<br/><br/>I highly recommend the book.
 I enjoyed reading this book, although there weren't that many surprises in it  for those who have been watching the news these past few months. I expected more direct quotes and I had a difficult time keeping track of who was who, which is certainly not the fault of the author.<br/><br/>Regarding the content, I don't know enough about the DC scene to evaluate the truthfulness or accuracy of this work, but it seems consistent with information provided by reliable news reporters (not Fox!).  Can't understand why our elected officials are putting up with this so-called president and  am very disappointed in the politicians who are allowing this administration to continue.  Where are their backbones?
 It's a tragedy for the United States of American that this man was elected president.  Everyday he makes life in this country worse, this book lays it all out.
 This book will be required reading in a few years. Political Science majors will be handed this book as a "What not to do" in politics.
 03/06/2018.  After a long delay, Fire &amp; Fury in paperback arrived in good condition.  It was worth the wait.  Michael Wolff described and analyzed a Donald Trump White House in unflattering conditions.  Basically, three internal factions competed against each other for ascendancy and the ear of  a "semi-literate," TV-addicted, impatient, and self-glorifying president who began with scant knowledge and no experience of  how "to govern" in a democracy.  In essence, Fire and Fury is a well-written political and psychological study that reveals an ominous lesson on the deterioration of basic values of fairness and ethics.
 No one can make this stuff up. Like Shakespearean drama, Trump appears to bring out the worst in people, including himself. The only thing lacking is there is no end as yet to the story.<br/><br/>The reader is left with the chilling question, why is this happening?  Pogo might have the answer. “We have met the enemy, and it is us.”
 Excellent
 He may not have gotten all the specific details correct, but his account of Trump’s White House rings totally true.  Trump and most of his aides are in so over their heads! What a fiasco.
 One of the clearest indictments of the whole Trump effect. Donald Trump, his family, the lickspittle cucks he has surrounded himself with. Mueller is getting closer, but we will have to wait for the mid-terms in order to build majorities in Congress. #MuellerEffect
 This book, assuming the correctness of the sources, provides an incisive look at the daily workings, plotting, and unmatched incompetence seen in the White House since the dawn of swearing in of the 45th president of the United States. More than the President, this book shows the world from Bannon's point of view, who, with his signature forcefulness and the political insight, is definitely the star of this narrative. Conspicuous by its absence is any discussion on Mitch McConnell and the President's relationship and view of Vladimir Putin. If you're interested in knowing how the power centers in the White House were formed, evolved, and ended up at the end of the first year of the Trump presidency, and how various world events were shaped or created due to this dysfunctional White House with this undercurrent of incompetence flowing right from the very top, then this book will be an interesting read.
 Quick read.  Reiterates many things previously reported and confirms the chaos and mismanagement in the White House.  Surprised that Steve Bannon spoke so freely and is now “singing a different tune.”  Politics is ugly and Trump was and is still unfit to be in the position of President of the United States.  Everyone who voted for him or did not vote in the 2016 election should all be ashamed of themselves! You get/got what you deserved; a namby-pamby, racist who thinks he’s something special!
 Better than I thought it would be, generally very well written and interesting, although that depends on what you like I suppose. Ordered at 9 AM the day it was released, and arrived almost a month later in the 12th printing. My wife got one earlier at a big box store for the same price.
 Like many others, I would never have bought this book if our Crybaby in Chief hadn't tried to stop it.  The book is flawed by some poor editing and there's much here we've already heard about in bits and pieces, but it's a very useful snapshot of a bizarre moment in American history.  So much has occurred in these last eighteen months, it's been hard to keep it all straight so this book will remain a good reference and reminder.
 This is a very interesting book.  It is not really as critical as claimed, but seems to give a fair representation of what Wolff observed.  It is in fact more sympathetic to the President that I had anticipated, and more critical of Steven Bannon than the news portrayed it.  In particular, it creates a sympathetic portrait of Jared Kushner and the difficult position that he is in.  The pressures must be enormous.  In addition, Wolff provides interesting background and context for what you read in the news.  Very easy and occasionally funny read.  Wolff is a good writer and paints vivid pictures, which help one understand what one reads in the news, which is often given without context.
 This book is very interesting. It does provide some insights into the inner workings of the Trump administration but it also has a gossipy flavor. Also, it is difficult to completely ignore some of the credibility issues of the author--yet, most if not all of it seems credible, both based on news reports and also just observing the public behavior of Trump and his minions. Also, kudos to Wolff for having the idea and carrying it through.
 While it doesn't add anything new that those of us that have been paying attention know, it confirms so much about the behind the scenes aspect of the WH, and the man that currently sits there. A must read.
 Only up to Ch 6 so far... I am obsessed by finding logic in all things and, to date, Trump has been a mystery to me. The things he does and says make no sense. Michael Wolff has helped me understand WHY Trump is president. HOW that could happen. WHAT that means for our times.<br/><br/>The audiobook is well presented and easy listening.
 Wolff is criticized for not being a careful, diligent journalist, so who knows how much of what he says is actually true. If even a small fraction is true, we should all be very worried. Much of what he writes is very consistent with what we see on a daily basis, so I give him the benefit of the doubt.
 Fascinating account of the narcissistic fantasist who was put into office by America's enemies in order to create the maximum chaos and discord in order to divide and damage the country. It reads like the plot of a John Le Carre novel. Unfortunately it's all true. There are still those who find it hard to believe that Americans elected a con artist with a long criminal record who is still being investigated for fraud. The answer, of course, is that they didn't. Although we now know exactly how the Russians took over Facebook, who they were, and how they manipulated these fake identities to target certain focus groups, it is still interesting, however frightening, to read about how well they have succeeded. The author seems unsure whether America will ever recover. The first step should be to encourage as many people as possible to read this book, and face the truth. As they say " The only way for evil to succeed is for good men to do nothing"
 Never Have I Seen Such a Reckless Display of Stupidity and Distrust in the American Way<br/>I'm reading Fire and Fury today.  Never have I seen such a reckless display of stupidity and distrust in the American way.  Our forefathers tried to protect us from this.  Will we ever crawl out of this political abyss?  The White House is filled with arrogant kooks.  The undoing of our system gives me the spooks.  Disregard for freedom of speech and the press, bullies abound and are making a mess. Trump and his crowd like to call names, they sneer and they mock; they like to play games.  They never intended to win the election, unprepared, they hoped for a major rejection.  Melania cried big crocodile tears, Donald's win conjured up all of her fears.<br/><br/>But into the White House the Trumpsters strode full of themselves and the big orange toad.  Donald himself pumped and proud had to toot his own horn and toot it loud.  Making up crowd sizes that didn't exist, spewing "alternative facts", Donald couldn't resist.  Pictures of crowd size don the West Wing ordered up by an old man that wished he was king.  He cries "fake news" but hangs falsified covers of Time, this unclothed emperor has a twisted mind. Like a small child he demands attention; he and his staff busy sowing dissension.  Trump gathered around him the chaos clowns<br/>each trying to curry favor and avoid his frowns.  Bannon wrote  his dire inaugural address, no uplifting words, just ones of distress.  Executive orders rolled out left and right and tweetie-pie tweeted by day and by night.  Immigration reform by presidential order, Bannon and Trump aimed to build a wall on our border.  Jared was working to erase the Mexican mess, but Trump's insults to Mexico laid that to rest.  His children, Bannon, Priebus and the gang, brownnosers all, his praises they sang; each hoping to influence the big orange baboon.  But Trump being Trump is the only man in the room.  He listens to no one, he follows his gut.  He's a blowhard, a show boater and a bone fide nut.<br/><br/>And then of course there's the Russian connection.  Putin and friends messed with our election.  Trump and National Security Advisor, General Flynn wanted to thank Russia for Trump's big win.  Lifting sanctions on Russia was Kislyak's pitch.  Flynn was anxious to please and to make himself rich.  General Michael Flynn sold out as many do, money more important than the red, white and blue.  All this Russian colllusion stinks!<br/>Too many connections or so me thinks.  Even Bannon accuses Junior of treaspm, but recently Steve walks it back with no reason except to regain favor with Trump the king because Bannon gambled and lost everything.<br/><br/>Mueller is following the money and has a tight lip while Trump's White House is leaky and he shoots from the hip. He rambles on and on and repeats himself, so enept and incompetent, he belongs on the shelf.  The man can't pay attention, he doesn't read.  The great negotiator can't even lead.<br/>So Fire and Fury is a best seller, but author, Michael Wolff's reputation's not stellar.  He's one of them, that's why he was invited in.  Surely, Trump didn't expect this terrible spin.  So the complete truth is still unknown, but the dysfunction is there and clearly shown.  So, it's up to you to read it or not; many discussable issues and food for thought.
 This book provides intriguing context on the lunacy of this presidency. Fascinating to learn how even Trump's inner circle is (and likely always was), well aware of his cognitive and emotional impairments, yet perfectly happy to exploit this bizzare chapter in American history for personal ambition and greed.
 This is an amazing dissection if the World of Trump and his ever changing kaleidoscope of minions.  Fewer people go in and out of our grocery store daily than do the number of burned and scorned officials and aides from the doors of our five year old president’s Whitehouse.<br/><br/>What I most appreciated was the insights into the backgrounds and machinations within the campaign and the presidency.  It is especially amazing the degree to which Bannon has laid plans for and continues to underpin the policies and speaking points that Trump continues to rant about. His most recent speech in the Midwest allowed him to rant about his super elites versus the old elites....the very ones Bannon researched as discussed in the final chapter.  Bannon, though deftly ushered out of the house, is still pulling the strings and laying the path of our nation’s demise as we know it.  One can only hope that his supporters, including the entire congressional republican delegation, will either die of rotting old age or be relegated to the ignoble dustbin of history....soonly and bigly.  Unfortunately the damage done to our country will be around us like a burning tire for generations.
 I don’t know a lot about politics in general, but this book is fascinating and very well written.  It gives insight into a chaotic and frightening reality that unfortunately is our current “leadership”.  I recommend this book.
 We purchased this for my mother-in-law.  She enjoyed it, but promptly began regaling my wife with stories about "how things are REALLY run at the White House."<br/><br/>That is... concerning, given the sources and the timing behind it.  I can trust very little that comes from the White House these days...<br/><br/>I imagine you will enjoy it too, just remember to take it all with a very minute grain of salt.
 Tried giving it a chance but not for me. I'm out!
 Trump is a menace to democracy, and a character so flawed that he should resign, be removed by the 25th amendment, or be impeached. He is a grifter on an international scale, which the Mueller investigation will soon reveal.
 This book is taking me way longer to read than most because Michael Wolff's writing style is difficult (for me) to follow.  The information is good and seems accurate, but every page is loaded with rambling run-on sentences that need to be read several times in order to figure out exactly what he's trying to say.  He's writing the way some folks speak in an "off the cuff" sort of way ... running sentences and ideas into each other ... rather than taking the time to break down and isolate the phrases and set them out in a more organized structured kind of way.
 Well told and we'll written.  Will it change anything? Unfortunately  people don't believe what they don't want to believe.  Maybe the book will convince some independents.
 An excellent read that reinforces all the realities about DJT -- he's vain, stupid, incurious, fake, and crazy, and his family isn't much better. How did we get into this mess? Most likely the Russians.
 This book deserves a Pulitzer, not only for its delightful, engrossing prose, but because it's possibly the only offering of a coherent, logical picture of What Is Happening that's been offered to the American public. The one suffering from shock and emotional pain wondering whether they're going crazy, and if not, why the so-called political adults won't put an end to it. Turns out it's because high-wattage attention seekers are all the same. Whether ordinary Americans are living or dying, able to feed themselves or drowning in poverty, doesn't matter to them -- they'll prop up Satan himself if doing so allows them their games. Their chuckles. Their sense of importance. This book perfectly captures the picture, and perfectly tells the story, of the public's pain, regret and utter confusion that is the result of possibly the most perfect political hubris in American history. Every American would do themselves a favor to read this book and consider it self-empowering for the next cycle of elections to come. Because if these yahoos can make it all the way to the White House...
 The main reason I bought this is because it was so obvious it struck a nerve with the president and this administration. The more they discouraged the reading, the more intriguing this book became. Although many details are not completely accurate, it rings true in the overall sense that this is the Donald Trump I have observed for 25 years. None of it is a surprise and there is much more that will come out in the days, months and years to come.
 Having returned from the women’s march today and seen the soul wrenching dismay of the marchers – on the very day that the government has shut down – I just wish the author could stick around and tell us more.
 Finally, we get the same story, w/more detail, from inside the WH!  All I can say is how could this even remotely happen? Well, Wolff has told us the story (in vivid detail). I believe him. He knows his craft. He is highly respected. He is an award winning author. His perspective is totally unique as “Fly on the Wall ” w/the boss’s full permission!  That alone shows the seriousness of the trouble we’re in when an incompetent unpredictable egotist is making, changing his mind and the truth, and then drafting something entirely different into law! Party aside, this is a MUST read for ALL as a lesson in how strong a democracy must be to survive an illicit president.
 This wasn't the greatest book ever written.  It was a book I really wanted to read and, more importantly, it was believable and probably factual with a few flaws. It wasn't particularly well written and it seemed very repetitive, but Trump himself is very repetitive and not particularly well put together.  History will judge Trump and I imagine that judgement will be far worse than anything found in this book.  I would say this.  If you really like Trump you should read this book.  I don't know if your mind will change, but I hope so.
 This is an extremely powerful book. It is also the first of the major exposes on the Trump Administration, and the book that caused Steve Bannon to be fired from the Trump White House for being too open with the author.  It’s actually quite amazing since Bannon often comes out poorly in this book and is ridiculed as a “misanthropic” person who believes he lives “on a higher moral plane than all others.” (p. 172).  And it goes on like this.<br/><br/> This book also has one of the most unflattering portrays of Trump that I have ever seen, and that is no small statement.  If 1/10 of this is true it’s absolutely frightening.<br/><br/>Also, whatever its faults, the book is an absolute page turner or in the case of an audiobook a disk  turner.
 Excellent read. While Wolff's sourcing has been questionable, in your heart of hearts, you just know that no less than 90% of the tales in this book are completely accurate.
 I was sitting on the fence in consideration of order this "tabloid" like book.  As cease and desist is the order of the day.  I can only defend the 1st amendment by pulling my trigger finger to order this book. Since the day Trump was elected, the constant  day after day news/tweets has disgust me. I'm embarrassed this arrogant man lacking statesmanship qualifications is indeed our President. Lets hope a true patriot like Mueller can end this nightmare. $15 is worth the price of admission.....
 When I awoke on Nov 9 to find that Donald had indeed been elected President of the United States, I was sick inside.  Each day since then, I have turned to MSNBC to ensure that I am up on whatever antics Trump and company are involved in that day.  Accordingly, there wasn't a lot in this book that I didn't already know.  The book merely confirmed the validity of my belief that Trump's presidency is and will continue to be the worst in United States history; that the US has become and will continue to be a laughing stock across the world; that Trump is amoral, racist, stupid, and out to do nothing more than to line his, his families', and his cronies' pockets.  There are a lot of typos in this book (which I attribute to a rush to publication), however, I believe that it is well written, easy to read, and adds meaningful context to what I already knew.  I'm looking forward to  Michael Wolff's sequel documenting the events leading up to Trump's inevitable impeachment and indictment.
 Great book. It tells us what we already knew.  The fact a president called for this book to be banned made it more interesting.
 Thanks to 45’s tantrum, I purchased and read the Kindle edition in a day and give it 5 stars. Truthful or not, it is highly believable and sheds light on the opportunism/desperation of 45’s family—which will no doubt go down with the defective patriarchal ship. Tweeting it’s “a bunch of lies to sell a book,” our ironic President forgets he ran a campaign using a similar strategy. See “Art of the Deal” on the many benefits of lying.
 Priceless insight ...true or not true...I don't care - because he doesn't care about the truth either...
 This book gave me a better understanding of what is going on in the Trump White House.  All Americans should read this book.  If half of what author Michael Wolff is depicting in his book is true, we should all be very concerned for our Democracy.
 Book written by a true genius!!
 Like most of the country, I have followed our increasingly bizarre political climate with fascination tinged with horror.  Wolff can't exactly make all clear (this is, after all,chaos), but he comes as close as perhaps anyone can.  And he tells one devil of a story.  I wonder what will happen next.
 If you wonder what the hell is going on in the White House and if Trump is as screwed up as you think then this is the book for you. Don't believe the deniers and spin doctors from the alt-right. Mike Wolff was there in the West Wing with free access for months. Read it, get the facts and decide for yourself.
 This is not a condemnation of Trump's policies or ideals, it's the stunning revelation that he *has none.*<br/><br/>The author traces Trump's vanity, instability, neediness, and inability to connect cause and effect through the first nine months of the administration, and leaves us with an undeniable conclusion:<br/><br/>Regardless of your political beliefs, regardless of what happened with Russia, regardless of how you feel about Democrats, this man is not fit to be president.
 You have to read between the lines of FAF but it keeps you interested. Wolff shows personal bias against the administration. However he weaves together the web of interactions between the people that influence (or incense) the president from the early days of his administration through the hiring of John Kelly as Chief of Staff and ouster of Steve Bannon. It comes across as generally believable and connects dots better than the limited story-lines unfortunately over recycled by the media--even the media coverage of the book (both positive and negative) glosses over the narrative in favor of click bait inflammatory quotes that fit in a Twitter post. It reiterates that the ongoing conservative v liberal media battle, instigated by POTUS, is a distraction from serious issues to consider regarding leadership, influence, and the important issues of governing. Most people work with conservatives and liberals every day and this discourse does not show the best of what we are able to together.
 I'm only abou halfway through it, but so far it's fast-paced, relatively well written and riveting.
 Michael Wolff's "Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House" promises from the beginning to offer a fly-on-the-wall view of the way things work (or don't) inside the Trump Administration. Early in his account, Wolff describes the campaign as resembling Mel Brooks' "The Producers" (pgs. 15-16) and this characterization, coupled with the political infighting of "Game of Thrones", dominates the feel of the book from then on. Steve Bannon emerges as the "protagonist" (if there is one) as much of the story revolves around his work to brand Trump's particular style of politics and turn it into a movement or his work to assert himself as the power-behind-the-power in the White House. The end result is a narrative that leaves one feeling somewhat dirty or complicit for this inside look.<br/>While Wolff's account feels true, and he had libel lawyers read the manuscript to make sure it was safe to publish, I would have liked to see the extensive notes section one expects in a book from a journalist. He only mentions early on that he either witnessed many of these events or was told them by people who are given away in his account. Some kind of documentation would have been preferable, even if it meant a lot of interviews not for attribution listed at the end. Also, for anyone who's been following the news these last few months, most of this information is already out there. Indeed, Wolff regularly quotes from CNN or New York Times headlines. Further, the news coverage of this book was so extensive that most people who read it will find exactly what they expect based on that coverage.<br/>If you are interested in politics or current events, give it a read, but save yourself the money and get it from the library.
 Eye-opening but frightening
 This was a great book!  Got all the behind the scenes dirt.  I found it confirmed the thoughts that I had looking in from the outside.  It was very well written.
 I read this with a grain of salt approach. However, so much presented I  knew to be true that I came away thinking there is a lot of credibility to Wolf's account. It was disturbing to think how completely incapable these people are in running the country.  Recently Preibus was quoted as saying thing  we're 50 times worse than what we have heard. It should give patriotic American chills.
 If Trump hated himself &amp; were to write a book about himself, this would be it.  This book was difficult to get through, not well written, &amp; seemed to contain a fair amount of hearsay.  Taken all together, this really makes it the perfect book to represent Trump &amp; his leadership so far.  There were no surprises in this book, pretty much everything we already know, have heard before, or suspect.  As to whether everything was true, does it really matter in this new era where things are only true if they match what we believe or how we want to perceive the world?
 Yep. Trump's "administration" is described exactly as I guessed it to be, but it was an enjoyable if painful read. Especially since it's clear that we're being run by a ragtag bunch of privileged dunderheads who are complicit in working with foreign agents to take over our government. See: FBI indictments. I'm just the messenger.
 Makes you say, “NO WONDER!!”. The insight makes sense of it all.
 I am very happy with this book.  I bought it because - well - I *had* to buy it.  I would have been satisfied with the purchase, even if I'd turned around and put it in a goodwill bin.  However, I decided to listen to it, and was pleasantly surprised.  It is articulate and well written.  And despite reports to the contrary, I did not find it to be one-sided or even left-leaning.  It was fascinating and truly enjoyable.  The only down side is how depressed I was at the end, knowing what a truly terrifying world we are now living in (although I knew this well before reading this book, and was already depressed with our current Presidential situation).  As far as if it is accurate or not, it seems very well researched.  And if only 25% of it is actually true, we should ALL be terrified.
 An excellent book!  Well written and right to the point on problems with this administration.  The only difficulty I can see is that too few people will dive in and really read all that's available about what's happening with the government and what can be done to make changes.
 Michael Wolff has performed a public service with the publication of FIRE AND FURY.  The book highlights the various cliques in year one of the administration as they viciously undermine each other in their attempts to command Trump's paltry attention span.<br/>If someone wants to understand the absurd and bizarre operations of Trump's White House, one need not look any further than this well-written book.  It also brings to light the vast extent of Trump's mental illness.<br/>That Michael Wolff manages to paint the picture with some humor is a credit to his writing skills.  After all, there's nothing inherently funny about Donald Trump occupying the Presidency.  In any way you could mention, he's unfit for the job, as the book clearly demonstrates.<br/>People paying attention at the time to the 2016 campaign could tell Trump never really wanted to be elected in the first place.  He only wanted to up his Brand to smooth the start-up of his own TV Network.  Steve Bannon was the only one with ambitions to work in the White House.
 Overall, a fun read, like a trashy novel. But, in their quest to push the book out (I got the Kindle version), they bypassed an additional round of proofreading/copy editing. I keep finding silly errors.
 It truly is the fly on the wall perspective on the chaos within the Trump WH.  It documents the battle for Trump's ear by the three factions of which only one  remains.  Fascinating and very well written, I would highly recommend it ... it proves truth is stranger than fiction..
 I could only read a chapter every few days until I was finished. Although I follow the daily chaos of this insane clown presidency, I learned more background. I long for a future where we again have someone respectful, insightful, and intelligent who acts “presidential.” President Kirkman (Kiefer Sutherland) in Designated Survivor is my ideal president right now. I watch the show and pretend he is our president. Sad time when an American has to watch a TV show and pretend that is our reality instead of the sad one we’re living in.
 Interesting and Informative Insight into the inner workings of the Trump White House. Actually it gave me feelings of anxiety! I thought the style of writing was a bit monotonous, but a must-read nevertheless...
 I think it's all true.  So what if it's only 80% or 50% true?  We're all in a heap of trouble.  This is one sick sleazy creature.  There's no telling what kind of trouble this megalomaniac will get us into.  I think everyone who voted for him should lose their voting rights.  Oh, I'm supposed to be rating the book.  Sorry.  If you already suspect Trump is a buffoon this book will confirm it and it will provide the facts to support it. You'll say to yourself "I knew it!" And, you'll obnoxiously quote it to your friends.  Good.  That's about all you can do, now.  It's a great read,  I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Couldn't put it down.  Thank you Michael Wolff.
 I really enjoyed this book. At times I was aghast &amp; heard myself saying "wow." I have a different point of view on Steve Bannon. He seemed to be the only adult in the room in this crazy White House.
 This book nails it!  Yes, there are a few inconsistencies but they are all minor and do not impact the ultimate narrative.  Wolff isn't attempting to lead the reader.  He's presenting the facts and letting the reader draw their own conclusions.  Great explanation/description of the players, their past and what they bring to the White House.  This is a great read and like most reviewers have stated is hard to put down.
 What I would have considered fiction in the beginning, trump proved likely quite accurate with his unending idiotic behavior which the complicit members of Congress will defend at their own 2018 peril.
 Absolutely fascinating to read about the people and the mess inside our White House! How did we get into this horror?
 Learning more about "goofus", he is more of a child than I even thought.  Such an egotist, always wanting constant attention and adoration.  Should never have been allowed to run for the esteemed office of President of United States.  Totally unfit.  This book will blow your mind.
 A very interesting story of our current president's first months in office.  Pretty scary stuff,  if even some of it is accurate, and given the author's access to many of the staff, including Steve Bannon, I have no reason to believe it is untrue.  I gave it four stars, in that I thought the author's vocabulary was a bit stilted (thank goodness that my Kindle provided definitions to some of the terminology used).  I would have preferred to have had a hard copy of the book, but it was not available for several weeks, so I went with the Kindle-version.  All in all, an interesting read...the stuff of which nightmares are made!
 The core narrative comes as little surprise to anyone who has followed this presidency. That said, it does expose the massive level of infighting and jockeying among the various members of his cabinet and how almost all of the news stories that came out were leaked either by Bannon, Jared or their lackeys.
 Like so many before me, I give this book five stars because I can, because being able to purchase it is a very gratifying exercise of free will and the First Amendment.<br/>I would not give the author's style five stars; it is inelegant, uneven, and requires the reader to labor at gleaning his meaning at times.<br/>Wolff's intermittent use of uncommon, multi-syllabic words leaves the impression that he used a thesaurus to make his work more journalistic/scholarly.<br/>That being said, this book is a fantastic read, as many have said.  Most of the "revelations" have been revealed in the press; what we learn is how the pieces connect, how the various factions in the WH have served to create an atmosphere of chaos that, combined with Trump's unpredictability, have paralyzed this administration.  The competing ambitions of Bannon and Jarvanka (Jared and Ivanka), and their effect on the presidency, are well described and put the seemingly contradictory messages from the WH in context.<br/>Wolff's summary of the events of the past year is a long list of "crazy" whose details bear repeating, breathtaking and stunning, even for those of us who have avidly followed the news.  And Wolff's focus on Trump's thought process, mercurial spirit, and motivation, as seen through the eyes of the underlings jockeying for his favor, sheds light on the administration's inability to deal with the institutions and mores of Washington.<br/>And my concerns that, given the press coverage, the book would not be worth reading, were unfounded, there was still plenty of material to digest.
 I really enjoyed reading this book.  The author presented a good picture of the PRESIDENT, because of his quick presentation of our leader he wrote it as a commentary and made it very timely. It was a wonderful read.  I could not get the five stars to light up.
 An insightful review of the Trump Administration from an inside perspective. An important read. Interesting stories on the personalities and politics and well written.
 I thought I already had a pretty good understanding about what was going on in the White House.  I did not!
 An outstanding chronological account of an ignorant, mentally deranged tyrant who is bent on dismantling our free society. Apparently his base is not swayed by this book. And, that should scare all rational people on this planet.
 Nothing in this book is likely to shock you if you've been following the news for a while. However, the critics who say it adds nothing to our understanding of the situation are wrong. Wolff does a solid job of describing the various personalities and shifting factions that go into the Trump White House much more cohesively and completely than anything else we've seen. He fills out our understanding of the items that ended up in the news, makes clear which leaks came from where, and helps clarify what seemed like (because they were) shifting loyalties. For example, I previously found the actions of Rosenstein during and after the Comey-firing debacle confusing, but that whole episode made a lot more sense after reading his explanation of the moving pieces.<br/><br/>Definitely worth a read.
 Even if a small percentage of this book is true ( I suspect that an overwhelming amount is),  there is great cause for alarm at the amazing amount of incompetence that this book reveals. Very entertaining read, but when the realization that this is the Whitehouse dawns on you, you can't help but to be very disturbed by this glimpse into this administrations inner "workings".
 Thank Goodness Bannon was sent down the road.  Although Trump brought him in, can you imagine how much worse this country would be if Trump had sat back and let Bannon carry out the agenda he and others had set for America (reference the prologue.)  Bannon is a dangerous man who needs to get over it; we are not going back to the 50's.  This country has progressed too damn far to think Americans will sit idly by and let that BS happen. A country is supposed to move forward, and progress, not stagnate and regress. Thank goodness our president had the presence of mind to be petty, jealous and self-absorbed. Bannon was getting too much press, too much credit and that's a no no for The Donald.  You don't upstage The Donald.  Bless Bannon's heart with his cockiness and hubris in thinking he could control or even "work around" The Donald.  He truly underestimated the president.  By the time he had gone a few rounds with the president, Donald had the man more disheveled than usual, haggard, losing weight, waiting around like an eager puppy, trying to get the last word in for the night (as, according to Wolff, "the last person Trump spoke to ended up with enormous influence.")  Only he had to hope he could get to him before Jarvanka, Priebus or McDonald's.<br/><br/>I am glad I read the book if only to get an idea of what someone dangerous like demagogue Bannon would do if opportunity and history met at a pinnacle moment.  I thank Wolff for being there to reveal it; and I thank The Donald for eventually thwarting it ... bigly!  It is the only good thing I have seen come out of this administration.  Two thumbs up, Wolff!
 This book is an in depth look into the craziness that is the gop and trump government.  It highlights the stupidity of a man who has led a life of misinformation fed to him by an endless line of sycophants, in short the exact reason why the one percent should never be allowed near a government for and by the people
 It was fascinating to read about the Trump campaign and now White House from the perspective of those in and around the daily - can we say workings?? - of the government. I really do love the spin of this book, because the cast of characters are every bit as dizzying as the Administration. I still remember 45 looking absolutely sick to his stomach on Inauguration Day and thinking, "holy cow...he wasn't expecting to get elected!" Just hope he is out before too much damage can be done.
 This book is a good read and I will recommend it highly! it unlocks the intrigue surrounding the presidency and will certainly change our concept of the White House! thanks to a author for his diligence and research and for his description of this narcissistic man. We are indeed indebted to Michael Wolff! This book is a must read!
 I bought this book with considerable skepticism, but Wolff earned my respect. There are a few editing issues early on, understandable given the rush to print, but for the most part it is a page turner that made me laugh deep belly-laughs for the first time since Trump was elected. It is a hilarious book, and every page rings true. Even if he gets a few facts wrong, you simply cannot make up what is in this book - its essence seems true. What I liked best is Wolff's extraordinary insights, page after page, into Trump's character. I admire the way he describes what makes Trump tick from so many angles, with a few vivid, powerful words. I even had to look up a few of those words! But most of all, Wolff enables us to digest just how awful the situation is without adding to our discouragement and sorrow. After a year of fear and trembling, with no end in sight, I am deeply grateful for this small intermission by Wolff. Plus it took courage to publish this book. I am sure Wolff has received death threats, and he has a family to worry about. I honor him for this amazing expose. I think it will become a classic - assigned reading to highschool students in years to come, like Catcher in the Rye.
 Not finished with it yet but I will be listening more than once to get it all.... lots of very interesting back stories on things. Not just "soap opera drama" ... and the overall is being proven every day.
 The best book to start the year with, giving a deep insight into the dysfunctional White House we see daily on the news. Great background interviews, skilled writing. A book that is difficult to put down.
 The face, the conscience, the intellect, the soul, the heart and the leader of the Republican Party.<br/><br/>A very interesting read.<br/><br/>For those who follow this stuff, it fills in some holes, and gives some depth to the never ending stream of press coverage. The overwhelming thought I had running through this was for all of the folk that put their trust in trump because he was “a successful businessman”. He even said “I only hire the best people.” This is who they got…the cast of characters is amazing….Bannon, Stephen Miller, Ivanka, Kushner, Preibus, Scaramucci, Pence, Cohn, Kellyanne, Flynn, Manafort, Hope Hicks, Don Jr., Eric, Sessions, Wilbur Ross, Pruitt, Spicer (Spicey), Mnuchin, Omarosa, Lewandowski, and that ever lovable character, Sebastian Gorka.<br/><br/>The other thought was for those that wanted to throw a Molotov cocktail into the system. I hope they are enjoying the fire.
 This is a wonderful book.  It's a pager tuner; it's well-written; it's fascinating and terrifying.  I should say it does have some misspelled words.  Is this because the book was rushed to publication?  And yes, there are minor inaccuracies. That being said, this might well be the book of the century. The American public needed to be in the know, and I will go farther, we needed to have the mystique of the office of president cracked wide open. The book has done this.  Maybe permanently.  And who knows? The book might even be helpful to Trump; it might well be the wake-up call he needs.  Everyone is reading this book right now and they need to, because if we are going to have Trump as President for any length of time, we and the rest of the world need to know who he is.
 The president is a corrupt, despicable, cowardly thug and the dumbest amongst us handed him the keys to the country.<br/><br/>Michael Wolff May have taken liberties to keep his observations colorful, but he saw what he saw and heard what he heard and knows what he experienced to be true and I believe every word.<br/><br/>Buy this book and register to vote.
 A bungling, mentally-challenged narcissist surrounded by a circus of ambitious family members and first time politicians all struggling to survive in the chaos that has become today’s White House. This book would be hilarious if it wasn’t so true.
 Everyone -- the Trump supporters and the non-supporters alike -- should read this book.  It provides those of us who are aghast at POTUS' behavior with helpful insight into what is happening in the White House.  But I also think Trump supporters will find it insightful.<br/><br/>Have a dictionary handy -- the author is one of those people, apparently, who feels the need to demonstrate his knowledge of big words seldom used.
 Seriously everything in this well written book reads like today's continuing saga of the Trump era. I had paused in my reading of this extremely interesting; you are there tale. Then I saw Mika Brezinski on Morning Joe blow up and shut down Michael Wolf rather than admit she could not answer his request for an example from his book which illustrated her acquisition. Then I jumped back into this great read.
 I believe this book tells the truth. How do we American  have to put up with this idiot trash as our president and let him destroy the value of our country?!  This is disaster.
 I took about 2months to read and digest this book. I am a staunch anti-Trump individual and am still dumbfounded he won. However, I recognize he did win the electoral votes and has a base of voters.  I had to set aside some of my bias and look at why some of these people would want to give up jobs, money and positions to be part of this dysfunctional administration. Why do they put up with it?  Power?  It usually is.  Read it. It is interesting.
 This book is a must-read that reveals the background behind the headlines we see every day in real time.  Eminently engrossing, I couldn't put it down.  The narrative is so strong it becomes a page-turner all the way.  I had read the book "Trump Revealed" by Michael Kranish, and so much of what Kranish described of Trump's business and personal background and lack of ethics is powerfully played out in living color in everything Michael Wolff reports.  Some critics have suggested that parts of Wolff's book are exaggerated or untrue.  I can't speak to that.  But if even 50% of the book is accurate--and I would wager it is far, far more than that--this country is in great peril. The man in today's White House is uncontrollable, unstable, uninformed and in it only for self-enhancement.  Never has the United States, its Constitution, its way of life and its people faced greater danger from its elected leader than it does now from this misguided, corrupt and unqualified man.
 The problem with this book is its honesty. I reached many (but not all!) similar conclusions to ones put forth in this book, based on external evidence. If you think the war between Jared and Ivanka and their enemies is over, you are sadly mistaken. Trump (the family) is about to attack his/their supporters. The only person allowed to win is Trump. The rest of you are LOSERS.
 Great book. Really tells it like it is inside this Whitehouse. You can tell this is indeed exactly what was going on. Author has great creditability especially compared to the book's focus. But it does make the GOP (my party) look really stupid for backing this man in the way they did. Clearly unfit for public service at any level.
 Wow reading this book, I didn't need my nightly fix of MSN. It was already here. He's crazy and not at all presidential. How sad. Being president isn't for beginners! Let's learn a lesson here, please.
 incredible Wolfe was allowed to blend in like a piece of furniture in the White House, tends to suggest too many staffers there do not know what they and others are supposed to be doing, scary when you think of the security of the country (&amp; the Western world).  Wolfe writes well, easy style to read.  Most everything has not been denied, in particular the interviews with Bannon.  I shudder for the future of democracy.
 The book just reaffirmed what I had already thought about how our current Prez is not even close to being qualified or capable to lead this country. I respect that a large number of people didn't want Clinton, but this guy has proven over and over that he is not capable of working with others to make decisions that benefit the majority of the people in this country. He is only concerned about his own ego and playing nice to his base followers. The book pointed out so many scenarios that support and reinforce my belief as stated above.While interesting, the book left me with a feeling of desparation over the direction that our country is taking. He is in fact not making this country greater, but is actually tearing down many of the cornerstone moral principles that our country was founded on. As Trump would say... such a shame, such a shame, such a shame... as he usually repeats himself at least 3 times in 1 paragraph.
 This book was not quite up to the hype.  Anyone who has closely followed the negative news on the administration will be familiar with the major episodes retold.  What this book includes is insight and "fill in" on those episodes, along with the author's analysis.  Don't expect a lot of major quotes from a spectrum of participants.  The main ones come from two or three people, but those people are close to the center of the administration.  The analysis is prosy (repeated use of certain words and phrases you don't hear in regular conversation, ie "bete noire"), and somewhat repetitive (semi-psychological analysis of the President's motives and mindset).  It's quite possible to cut this book down a bit, and hit the point.<br/>It definitely doesn't read like a Bob Woodward book.  More like an old "Dallas" or "Dynasty" episode (I use those examples as I have never watched West Wing or equivalent dramas).  It is drama, and farcical.<br/>If half of what is in this book is true, it's worse than I imagined.<br/>I give it four stars for the content plus the writing style, both of which are engaging.
 The many author interviews did not spoil the story, nor did the rush to edit and publish.  Michael Wolf gives his readers a behind the scenes look at a dysfunctional white house and leaves us wanting to know more.
 A most amazing read.  My biggest impression of Trump is now inept.  Just so scary to hear what is going on - or not- in our government.<br/>Just don't see how we can survive another year of this man's lack of interest in anything but himself, his image and his brand.
 There were so many times that I wanted to stop reading this book because it confirmed my gut feeling about what is going on with this White House, and that is really frightening.  Just like an oncoming train wreck that you can't take your eyes off of, I couldn't stop reading this book.  It's a troubling tale of deceit, complicity, incompetency and mental illness.  It would make a good novel if it weren't the nightmare our nation is living through right now.  I forced myself to finish the book because I felt it was my civic duty to know what is really happening "in the room where it happens".  Its not a pleasurable read, but a necessary one.
 Fascinating peek behind the curtain at this corrupt administration. No matter your politics, I encourage anyone concerned about the future of our country to read “Fire And Fury”.
 A great book, which could only have been written by someone inside, and viewed what was going on with a critical eye. Occasionally a little hard to follow because of all the players involved, but the essence is all too clear. If you're just flipping through it, go to Chapter 8 (Org Chart), or if you've bought the book, be sure you get at least that far. This is where you find out what defines the Trump presidency.
 The book was exactly as advertised. Basically, two different factions in the white house, leaking all over the place, and telling their side of the story to this reporter. Also, it reiterated the public perception of the president as a person who gathers all of his "facts" from watching Fox news.
 The most entertaining case for impeachment or use of the 25th amendment I've ever read. Drain the Trump!
 Yes, you knew most of this already. Yes, the book was rushed to publication, missing a lot of typos, grammar errors and likely some needed final edits. Yes, the last 50-60 pages are nothing more than a rant by Steve Bannon that goes on way too long. All those shortcomings aside, this is still a must read. I support Michael Wolff's efforts to show us just how truly toxic, crazy and insane this administration is, and the true feelings of those connected to it. Trump is way in over his head, has little to no interest in most aspects of the job, has an awful temper, has zero clue on most things going on in the country, and manages by chaos. The book starts when Rebekah Mercer brings Steve Bannon and Kellyanne Conway onto the team. At that point, Trump was down 20 points in most polls and looked like he would lose in humiliating fashion. Bannon and Conway help him get to a point where, while still predicted to lose, he was in contention. The circus begins when he does indeed win in one of the biggest shockers in election history. We learn a lot about Trump during this transition, such as his relatively weak marriage to Melania, his love of McDonald's, his enjoyment of TV and his love of talking on the phone. We see Corey Lendowski, Robert Flynn, Paul Manafort, Sean Spicer, Reince Preibus, Anthony Scaramucci, Steve Bannon and others leave the administration as it continues to run into issues mostly of their own making. We see some of the Russia investigation, the internal fighting between many of the team members, as well as alluded affairs (Lendowski and Hope Hicks, Trump and Nikki Haley). All in all, it's both hilarious and frightening at the same time. I recommend it so you know just how bad it truly is right now in this country.
 What a wonderful book for us Trump haters.  And it is verifiable by watching the news every night and seeing the play-by-play of his actions right there on the screen!  Great fun and a good feeling of retribution for our feelings towards this dishonest president.
 Very interesting and easy read... Explains a lot about trumps behavior... If you're a trump supporter or not, I would recommend this book... It's not a hatchet job but a well written explaination about things you see in the headlines lately...
 Fire and Fury demonstrates that a great writer can completely disappear into the narrative whilst observing the drama first hand. And what a drama it is.<br/>Let's just put aside the fact that this POTUS and administration might damage the world beyond our recognition, and focus on the dysfunctional man at the top: by giving their president so much power they have hobbled their own prosperity across the board. A fascinating read.
 What’s not to know about the insane POTUS as this affirms the mental unstableness of Donald Trump
 Glen Howerton, Rob McElhenney, and Charlie Day couldn't have written an episode of Always Sunny as bizarre as this raw fly-on-the-wall exposé of what many of us rational Americans on the outside already know-- the complete s***show that is the Trump Administration. It's been bad, but Wolff's book digs into how deep the chaos goes. There are more noble and heroic characters in Ichi The Killer and Reservoir Dogs than the rogues gallery we're stuck with in real life.<br/>-Jarvanka: Wannabe power couple who, when they're not having earnest attempts at diplomacy sabotaged by number 45, make tactical blunders like hiring  the slimy coattail riding Anthony Scaramucci aka Everybody's Wingman.<br/>-Steve Bannon: The Garth Ennis theory of white supremacy made manifest. Brought into the final stretch of Trump's 2016 campaign, a rebranded Nazi crusader who attributed 45's upset victory to his influence and far right website Breitbart News. A man who really thought he solely had Trump's ear when in truth, he barely had his ever fickle respect. Or anybody's respect, for that matter.<br/>-Donald J. Trump: Cartoon would-be billionaire/game show host, unapologetic full time racist and overtime pathological liar. A man who never fails to demonstrate yet not admit his cultural, social, political and intellectual ignorance every day we wake up. Other than his equally racist constituency, he plays no favorites. To flatter him is to earn his favor. To compete for his approval is his second favorite sport after golf. To tell him the truth or give him good advice... is to be ignored or a punching bag for his tweets. Worst of all, though none of his MAGA crew out in the wild would ever be convinced of it, he never wanted to win the presidency. To him, this was all a joke, a troll. He planned to resume his normal schedule of being a lazy and miserable buffoon with more money than brains after November 8th. Since that awful night, he's still achieved that, but on our dime. This book is a great read, so much cutthroat drama and treachery amongst this mess of an administration. It is at times hilarious until it tragically sets in that this all really happened purportedly among grown adults.<br/><br/>  Aside from Wolff's excellent documentation of year one of the Trump era, I like that it caused major fallout leading up to its publication-- it destroyed the mystique and career prospects of Steve Bannon. It exposed him as less of an Aryan strongman and more of a schlub who lucked into some chance investments, yet his physical appearance invited derisive backbiting comments from those whom he showed loyalty to. His fortunes meant nothing. Even among Nazis like the Mercers, he was less than nothing in their eyes. Donny boy, in relation to Bannon's slip of the tongue with damning proclamations about 45's son Don Jr.'s less than covert meetings with Russians, proceeded to tweet Bannon's undoing, and successfully brought him down. But, this being Donald Trump, he really didn't put any cautious thought into the fact that Bannon was due to testify before Congress recently. And now that Bannon has made it seemed that the white house pressured him not to talk, he's meeting with Mueller in private... and I hope he has something to say to end this utter farce of a presidency.<br/><br/>  In all seriousness, we're in a bad spot. Trump is an impulsive child in a geriatric body. His administration covers for his idiocy at nearly every turn, even when they know he's not right. This country has had endemic corruption long before he came into the mix, but he continues that trend without a convenient diplomatic face. Not that a convenient one is really any better. If we can survive Trump, we as a people need to hold our politicians to a higher standard. We cannot EVER let a person like him hold an important office like the presidency ever again. And honestly, we need to strip funding from the GOP and DNC, both parties who no longer have our best interests at heart. So much is now at stake in this country, and unless something meaningful prevails over this madness, we're done.
 The book provides needed clarity on what we've witnessed and questioned about trump and Congress. The GOP has merged both legislative and executive branches with Paul Ryan leading the charge with a Congress drunk on power, greed, and corruption.
 This book recounts some of the major events during the first year of the Trump presidency and shows the dysfunction within. Required reading for any politics junkie.
 We all know things are chaotic in DC now that Donald is in the White House surrounded by business people trying to navigate in a world based on political SCIENCE.  Just how chaotic things were/are is the topic that the author describes in this page-turner that will hold your attention from the beginning to the end.  Like the proverbial fly-on-the-wall, the writer witnesses the fire and fury between those unprepared souls who unexpectedly found themselves in the West Wing under the control of America’s first, and hopefully last, dictator.
 I would recommend that all Americans read this book!  There is so much happening under the cover that we have no idea about! Our very democracy is in peril!
 Loved this book!  All the crazy and scandal you'd expect in a well written book chronicling the downfall of this country and the presidency.
 Oh, dear. No words. I only know I’m “yellowing” half the book. It’s mind boggling. Also, have to pause every few pages to look up the amazing words Wolff has appropriately chosen. Well written.
 After the hundreds of tidbits and leaks, the author skillfully  presented a fascinating, smooth narrative. I could not put it down. It was much better than I expected....good job.<br/>It ended abruptly...what happened? I hope someone is quietly writing Part II.
 before i purchased this book i read detailed reviews and agree with their views. great book for anyone who wants to learn how the Trump administration is running the country and White House... can now understand the chaos atmosphere. hope one day someone who works in the white house in the staff quarters may right a book. what love to know their views in serving the current president family. book to me doesn't have much malicious attacks on anyone, which I find pleasing. though don't really enjoy the cursing yet then i am showing my age.
 This book provides an insight into a chaotic amateur hour operation, the infighting between members of Trump’s family and various groups of strident hard liners, and, of course, the uncontrollable Donald Trump. The question arises of how much liberty the author takes with the facts and how much conjecture finds its way into the text.
 Considering this book and at least one hundred others it is as to the point and logical as one can get on such a convoluted subject. With todays current news it is a disturbing book. The author has courage and certainly is not shy. It is an important read some of which you may feel is accurate but never skewed or attempted sensationalism.There is no nitpicking or any filler portions just hard hitting observations and reactions. It would be nice if the story took place on a very small island. Perhaps with just the president and family .Make the island great again!
 This is a gossipy, newsy, and very readable book that gives depth and breath to articles on the Trump White House we have been reading in the New York Times and Washington Post. As a sociologist, I read the book as a White House/ West Wing ethnography. I liked the way Wolff gives underlying and continuous voice to Steve Bannon’s rear guard strategies to dominate the presidency. The roles of Trump’s key family members, Ivanka and Jared, are clarified and the battle lines among the major players, which include, the National Republican Party are clearly drawn. I come away asking my self basic questions about the nature of politics, how personalities shape institutions, and whether our governing institutions can withstand major assaults such as those described and detailed in this book. We have a lot of political work ahead, to make sure that we do not allow the chaotic outcomes of the 2016 election to pattern our politics of  future.
 I hate Trump. So as a retired journalist I can say I'm not sure all of the information and scenes in this book are accurate, but I want them to be. As a read, it was delicious. Reconfirms my belief that this president is one of the worst human beings ever born, and certainly the worst president of my lifetime (how could anyone surpass Nixon?). If you hate prez tweet, you'll love this.
 Seriously undecided on the worth (or entertainment value, for that matter) of this book.  It started out pretty well, got my attention and I was enjoying it---then hit the 25% mark and the thing became almost in-readable, and somewhat unbelievable, as well.  I put it aside for the better part of a month, taking small stabs at it, but unable to stay with it for long.  Then....got to the 60% point and it picked right up, got readable, (and more believable) and I finished it the following day.<br/>The content is iffy, by definition, and really has no solid back-up except what you read in the news, which to me is less than viable much of the time.<br/>I can't really make a recommendation about reading the book, either way.<br/>I know this review will not be much help to anyone trying to decide whether or not to read it, but I just can't do any better for you.  Sorry!!
 Not one person quoted has yet demanded a retraction or correction. Wolff got it right. Trump voters got it wrong.
 This book provides insight and background of Mr. Trump and what motivates him.  Also, a light is shined on the power hungry players in the theater of the absurd which is Washington, D.C. Well worth the read.
 While I found this book to be a interesting look inside the Trump white house as well as a great in depth look at the various players, both the writing style and overblown vocabulary of the book were annoying. Having seen the author interviewed since the release I can see that he speaks as he writes, using many more words, obscure word choices as well, than could possibly be necessary. There are many spelling and grammar errors in the book as well, perhaps due to the rush to print. In the end though I found it a well constructed recounting of the first 9 months of the Presidency and have begun to see Trump 's various recent actions with a greater understanding. It is a scary time in America.
 All I witnessed during the election and the first year was carefully written in the pages of this book. The dialogue made sense and enlightened me on some issues I wasn't completely sure of.
 This would be so much more effective If almost every source was not "a high level insider". Or an " advisor ".  Or whatever other euphemism the author had to use for people who refuse to go on record.  Do I think there is truth here...yes.  But it's so poorly sourced it could never be proven.
 People may quibble about this or that minor factual error, but I give Wolff credit for infiltrating this den of vipers, gaining their confidence and then exposing their mendacity and incompetence to the world. Everything he's telling us we already knew, and that's how we know it's basically all true. But he put it in a form that people could relate to, and that helped spark a lot of conversations. So hats off to him for sticking it to these corrupt, lying gangster goons and not pulling any punches. May we yet witness the downfall of this greedy, hypocritical, illegitimate authoritarian regime.
 Since I can't stand our president, I will say I am not surprised at his behavior.  I hope that the author is right about him and he won't get any trouble.  Americans should be more than a little concerned and Mr.Trump should be worried too.
 Have just got started reading this on my ipad.  Clearly, this is exactly the Donald Trump I thought he was when I first learned about him on his show.  Didn't like him then because of his smart mouth and dislike him intensely now.  Can never trust a liar or a perverted, bigoted man that behaves so badly towards people.  He should live in a dog house, NOT the White House.
 Many many misspellings and point blank the wrong word was used sometimes- obviously was not proofed.  The book is very wordy, like the author is trying to show you every word in his library. It was interesting but a somewhat hard read at times because of all of the unnecessary "wordiness" of the book.
 The philistines are in power. Story of uncultured, lowbrow, anti-intellectual, uncultivated, uncivilized, uneducated, unenlightened, commercial, materialist, bourgeois, ignorant, crass and venal people.
 This was a riveting read as well as educational.<br/>Firstly, the description of events witnessed behind the scene helps to explain the absolute disjointed mess that is front &amp; center of our daily news cycle.<br/>Secondly, I always thought I had an above average grasp of the english language but Mr. Wolff has shaken this belief. I have my trusty notepad with all the unkown words as new vocabulary treasures!<br/>I highly recommend this book. It is frightening to imagine our country is being run by such psychologically impaired individuals, full of hubris, narcissism, impulsiveness, grandiosity &amp; , paranoia.
 Still reading it, but let's face it, we have a most unusual "President" and this takes a look into his MO and may explain more about why he went bankrupt five times, why no US bank would lend him money anymore, so he had to look elsewhere for it, why he has been involved in thousands of law suits, and seems to settle a lot of them, think Trump University...and much more. Certainly not a dull read.
 I am so grateful I read this book in my Kindle. I used the dictionary on almost every page. Time I will never get back. The content is what gave this 4 stars. I was agape (look it up) by what was and still is going on in the White House. I think this is a necessary read, in spite of the author's intent to write so obtrusively.
 I had to wait quite a while.  But, since it is the biggest selling book in the world right now, that is understandable.  I got it. The recording and CDs are perfect. I'm nearly done listening to it. Can't put it down. I recommend it to everyone who wants to understand the chaos (and corruptions) that is our White House.
 Have your felt pen handy for author's vocabulary look up. The events depicted bring together all the bits and pieces of events and persons we all have heard about to date. I haven't awaited a book to read this much in a long time. The title should be "An Alternate Reality".
 I've had this for months and am only about halfway through.  I'm a little disappointed that any of the interesting parts were already revealed on tv before the book was released  I am enjoying reading about the chaos in the White House since I'm very anti-Trump but it's not exactly an exciting read.  I probably should have bought the kindle version to read on my iPad instead.  I was imagining this was going to be exciting and I'd be willing to lend it to friends so I thought the hardback was more practical. I'm determined to finish but it's easy to put down.
 While the book gave us a very rare glimpse at an administration’s first year, I don’t quite know if that’s a good thing.  This book gave us a very up close and personal view of an extremely inept White House. I thank Mr.Wolf for this uncensored view and encourage all of America to read his account.
 You may think you have heard it all or that there is nothing new here but seeing the first months of this administration from the "inside" is quite eye-opening.  The infighting, the chaos, the egos, the incompetence are all in view.  You can call it "Fake News" but you would be very wrong as most of these events were reported on in various print and on-line long before the book.
 Style of writing very readable, fills in many stories in a plausibly believeable way. I loved that at the beginning of the book the author laid it all on the table in an honest and open manner; what could be true, what is true, which parts from interviewee's were questionable, etc. This should have quieted some criticisms from other media people about the quality and truthfullnes in regards to the book.
 Enjoyed completely, although really sad if even half of the info in it is true.
 Without addressing the hyper-principled questions about Wolff's veracity, his account is not only consistent with what has been reported in other sources (even since the book came out), but also mostly sober, even as he reports real-life farce. In this way, I found it more credible than, say, your typically unreadable O'Reilly/Hannity/Coulter screed.
 Overall, pretty good read. Nothing groundbreaking; anyone who watches the news will get almost the same effect. It's basically a confirmation that all of the nonsense that is Donald Trump is in fact true, even behind closed doors. I was hoping to find stuff that wasn't public knowledge, but that really wasn't the case here (which is why I give this four stars). But great writing by Michael Wolf, and even better strategy on getting into Trump's inner circle, albeit brief. It's hilarious to see how simple minded Trump was when allowing Michael Wolf to shadow the day to day operations of the current presidency. It's obvious Trump doesn't read or understand Wolf's background, otherwise he would have had him thrown out. Simple flattery is all it takes for this moron.<br/>One last criticism-why the timing on the "end" of the book? Wolf should have stayed embedded as long as possible; I'm not sure why he decided to complete the book only one year into the presidency. It would have been an even better read if he stayed with Trump through the end (whatever that may end up looking like).
 So i've read both Wolf's book and Woodward's.  Woodward, as one would expect, is well researched and carefully put together.  It will last.  Wolf's is more of a book length New York gossip column.  Read in the light of Woodward, he nails Trump for the gossip column fodder he is.  Neither book will ever be read by Trumpsters. The man revealed, the humbug behind the curtain, is disbelieved by his supporters.  Fake News.  They 're committed to the make believe image paraded before them, and will never be persuaded otherwise.  What it comes down to is that these are books for those who have already looked behind the curtain for themselves, but they won't have much influence on the electorate.
 Given the insightful information from Steve Bannon and others, this book is a true testament to how Donald Trump is in person.<br/><br/>You can trust the words of Steve Bannon as he has not pictured himself in the greatest light to Michael Wolff. This by far is the best book as to how Trump operates and the chaos that resides within the White House. I saw this first hand myself when I visited D.C. a few months ago. Trump had blocked off the entire street of Pennsylvania Avenue because he was paranoid protestors would run down the gate. It was raining and there was no one out there except police and secret services. Talk about paranoia.<br/><br/>Side note: I am no fan of Steve Bannon either.
 Bought the book in Kindle version as soon as I heard that Trump's lawyers were trying to stop publication. The contents should not really surprise anyone who had been paying attention, but seeing all of this in writing is positively horrifying. The book reads like a palace intrigue novel about Tsar Nicholas and Rasputin. As such, it would be highly entertaining. As a piece on current history, it is a clarion call to do everything possible to reduce the damage and restore sanity to our government.
 Some may say this is a gossip novella, but who better to gossip about than Our National Embarrassment, our moron in the White House.  As he sat in the lobby of the most dysfunctional presidential office, he became a magnate for the "would you believe...", a pressure-cooker escape valve.  And everyone assumed he'd write a complimentary book was the piece-de-resistance!
 Not since "Catcher in the Rye" has there been a better book than this. This book is a very good read and it's very entertaining. It delves into the everyday routine in the Trump White House. It's a book I could not put down!
 This book kind of came and went.  If you're looking for in-depth analysis, this is not the book for you.  For someone who just wants an overview, along with a little gossip, its somewhat informative, but mainly entertaining.  The author has never made any claims of being an insider.  He has said that just by "hanging around," he picked up on some things and some of them are quite interesting.  This book is certainly not going to win any literary prizes.  By the time I got to the end, I had decided he didn't really know anything more other than what anyone could have picked up by spending all his time on the internet and watching cable news.  I do have to give him credit for more or less making this clear.  I think it is a good primer for someone who wants a glance into the Trump administration.
 No matter what Trump says, you feel the truth of Michael Wolff's book in your gut when all the evidence against Trump is on TV every day.<br/><br/>FIRE AND FURY reads almost like a novel, because it is so compelling. He tells us about all the drama, chaos, and dysfunction in the White House. Even though the doctor says Trump "could live to be 200 years old" and that "he got 30 out of 30" on the cognitive test, that test is so simple...can you tell the difference between a drawing of a giraffe and one of a hippo? This test could only root out those in deep dementia, not those who are beginning dementia (and Trump saw the test before he took it).<br/><br/>Michael Wolff's book FIRE AND FURY should be required reading for those who vote in the 2018 midterms. Trump is a vulgar, racist, and unqualified president.
 Worth the time to read. Anyone interested in what is going on in the administration needs to read this - Wolff provides insight from a unique perspective.
 What a Wild ride of a book. I am still shaking my head to see this all in print. This  book is one of those instances where truth IS stranger than fiction. Events over the past year have moved so quickly that I feel that I am on a treadmill without a control. Whenever I feel I might be in a comfort zone the treadmill moves up a couple of notches.<br/><br/>This book has let me see what has happened to  our country since the election of Trump &amp; it isn't a pretty sight.<br/><br/>I feel like a fly on the wall overhearing the conversations , visualizing the backstabbing, and watching the exits of so many staff members.. This is a must read for any followers of Shakespeare &amp; it doesn't look as though it will end well for most of the cast of characters .<br/><br/>What a gossipy, fun book to read. I bought the Kindle edition so that I could read it right away.
 The book presents some interesting vignettes that seem to be written more for the gossip than the general reader.  If there had been any secrets, they already had been shared in marketing the book. The writer's style was somewhat irritating.  Wolff is having a love affair with commas and sentence structure often, for me, becomes rather unwieldy. Overall though, the book provides a general and interesting map of events.  There are many seemingly overlooked personalities, e.g. Steven Miller, Hope Hicks, Sarah Sanders, whose impact in their incompetence and absurdity might add some bizarre subplots.
 IT was a worthwhile read. Sadly funny in parts.  The  forces competing within the White House were more clearly delineated in a way that helped to make sense of some of what we have been seeing and hearing from the press.  IT all leaves me shaking my head.
 Fascinating and insightful look behind the scenes of this administration!  I thoroughly enjoyed the telling of the chaos that led to the election of this president and the chaos that has ensued since then.  In some respects, it clarified much of what I already suspected and yet still gave me more information on this man and how he has entered the political scene.  I would like to re-read it as it was informative and while some may say it was filled with gossip, I think much of it will prove to be true and justified.
 Content was great. What I expected from this white house and trump. I thought the writing was horrible.  Thank God I downloaded it on my kindle... because I had to look up a ton of words. It disrupted my reading pleasure.  You could almost tell when the author stopped writing for awhile, because he’d write a couple of chapters that you could actually read without having to look up everything and it was much better.  It seemed like he would put too many ideas into one sentence. Instead of writing a couple of sentences. Was it the editing? Or the author? I do not know.  Content excellent. Writing style BAD. Not sure I would ever read another book by Wolfe.
 Quite compelling expose of the total mess that is the Trump administration, the Trump voters minds, and the disfunction of the Republican party. Read it for the time line of events, but be wary of Mr. Wolff's emphases of opinion is some areas. I will be recommending this book to a number of people. Good work, Mr. Wolff!
 I'm a political junkey and a "Before-Trump" Republican and couldn't put this book down, or rather turn off my Kindle. It reveals what so many of us speculate goes on in the dysfunctional Trump White House. There is total disregard for tradition, culture, standards and norms that the President and his staff should at least be aware of and try to adopt. The reason I only gave 4 stars is that the author's never-ending use of split infinitives became very annoying and I found myself actually mentally editing the text to make it more readable and clear.  Other than that, the book is well-worth a good read. But beware. Parts of the book will leave you totally disgusted and looking forward to the day when Mueller might actually bring charges against this bunch of nuts, or the day they lose the White House and go back to their lying and cheating in the private sector. Whichever comes first. Our nation will be all the better for it.
 It was a great read.  This book gives you an idea about what goes on in the white house.  It shows  how sometimes being a professional is what is needed, or maybe if your not so into yourself and hired people that know the job you would be better off.  I think GOD save us from Trump.
 $15 just to piss off Trump and show him how unpopular he is? Count me in!
 Wolff's account of the Trump administration's first disastrous year is an extremely well written fun and wild ride. Even if nothing in it is true, there is also nothing in it that is the slightest bit implausible or inconsistent with the facts or Trump's very public and by now familiar incompetence, buffoonery, and spoiled-child behavior or similar behavior by the ignorant and politically inexperienced members of the First Family. Just the fact that the book is a number one Amazon seller and is obviously pissing Trump off makes it well worth buying and reading!
 Fire and Fury—Since the current resident of the Western Kremlin tried to censor this book, I knew that I was morally obligated to buy it.  Such interesting facts and anecdotes which illustrate repeatedly how very unfit the Putin Puppet is to serve.  I am proud to have spent $15.00 in resistance to both censorship and the Western Kremlin.
 Good Read. Probably wouldn’t have ever read thanks for the book suggestion Donald
 Had to have this as we've never had a POTUS like him. Haven't read it yet but at least it is in my "need to read" library. I didn't care for him before he took over the White House and I don't care for him now, but I believe he will change the course of history and wanted to have this book.... I also have "The Art of the Deal". Hard to believe the person who penned that book is the same one who penned "Fire and Fury".
 Michael Wolff has logged a living nightmare, and even Mo, Curly and Larry would be appalled at the slapstick episodes that now form part of US history and its government.
 This is a great inside look at the crazy man in the White House. It is fascinating to read about the intrigue inside the Trump administration.
 A shocking reading experience which instilled great fear of the State of the Union. The Israeli partnership with this sinking ship is disaster for both countries.
 Interesting behind the scenes look st the chaos that is now our executive branch.  Most of this just confirms what is really evident if you were paying attention at all over the last year
 OMG..... this is so well written.  Honestly I can hardly put it down.  I am surprised that it is not a complete downer.  Wolff is a smart, smart writer.  Wry, tongue-in-cheek, and simply honest, as far as I can tell.  He simply has been in the right place at the right time, and no one told him to leave because no one is really in charge.  I wish everyone would read it.
 Whether you like, or dislike, Trump, you owe it to yourself, as a voting American, to read this book. Be informed!
 Interesting dynamics in the WH. It isn’t solely focused on Trump, in fact, he is isn’t the primary topic in most of the chapters.  It covers his key appointees, their attitudes and motives. None of them get on with each other. They come with their own agenda and essentially get no support from Trump or each other.  As a result, the reader will never get the feeling the country is in good hands. It’s a good read if you want some idea of what actually goes on in this administration. More than half of the people in the book are gone and more are likely to depart soon, but the overall chemistry of the place isn’t likely to change as long as Trump is still there.
 The lack of any stated or implied purpose makes this monotonous read a waste of time and money.  Regardless of whether the author's words are true or false, and there is no way to know, the book is simply boring.  Whether the reader likes or dislikes Donald Trump, it's impossible to avoid coming to the conclusion that the author is a conniving opportunist.  I heard one pundit refer to Wolff as a slime-bucket.  I'll second that.
 I purchased this book because the president attempted to stop its publication, essentially trying to ban it. We don't do that in the United States. So I happily handed over $14.99 (Kindle version) to author Michael Wolff and publisher Henry Holt and Co. Kudos to you for having the courage to write and publish this extraordinary book.<br/><br/>Days after Donald J. Trump's inauguration as the 45th president of the United States, Wolff was given special access to the White House where he became the proverbial fly on the wall listening, watching, interviewing and recording what happened for seven months. He just sat on a sofa and paid attention. The bizarre part is that no one was on point in the White House hierarchy to tell Wolff to leave—so he just stayed. And that is why this book is so fascinating to read. While you already know the major plot points from Comey to Charlottesville, what you don't know until you read this book is what actually went on behind the scenes in the West Wing during these events. Find out who said what to whom and who influenced and manipulated Trump the most. Find out how much ego and emotion—rather than analysis and careful thought—play into the president's actions, decisions and those ubiquitous tweets. Find out the incredible morass of incompetence, chaos and confusion that pervades the West Wing.<br/><br/>This is a compelling and riveting read that is not only incredibly frightening but also enlightening, offering a pitch-perfect sense of Trump's personality and how he functions (or not) as a leader. Today this book is a lesson in current events, but it will one day be a lesson in history. And for that reason it is worth reading.
 Nothing will surprise you if you kind of keep up with the news on Trump - but this book gives a lot of background, and you start to understand *why* many things happened - and are happening - the way they are. Very entertaining in many parts.
 Very well written this is not just a book about he said she said.  I feel it explain the way the White House works or doesn’t work. I find it informative and written well.
 I bought the book because 45 is angry about it. It is an entertaining page-turner. Not really much more to learn than what we already know, but confirmed what we know. Five stars from me.
 I found this book to be an interesting read. Even if only 1/2 the info is true it certainly does give one cause for concern.  This book gives the reader a deeper look into the who &amp; what is really driving (or not driving) this presidency.  It appears America is in free fall.
 As with so many others, very little in this book comes as a surprise to me. The “peak behind the curtain” reveals exactly what so many of us feared—the degree of Trump’s ignorance and incompetence is staggering. I can only hope every Republican in office who is supporting this insanity will pay the price; within six years there should not be one single Trump supporter left in office anywhere.<br/><br/>For pulling the United States out of the Paris climate accord alone, the man deserves to spend the rest of his horrible, ugly, life rotting away in a prison cell. I can think of no greater crime against humanity.<br/><br/>And, Trump (I know it is hard for you to read, but do your best to work your way through this—take your time with the multi-syllable words), if you think for one nanosecond you get to tell me, an American citizen, which books I can and cannot read . . . you, sir, are sadly mistaken! I hope this becomes the biggest bestseller of all time!
 I read this in a couple of hours. The author really captured the chaos going on behind the scenes. It helped me understand why we are getting whiplash just trying to keep up with the ever-changing cast of characters in the WH.
 As I told a coworker, this is deliciously gossipy, yet (as a liberal voter) horrifying. Yes the news does give him more press time than they probably should, but American voters need to know what's going on. Bias happens everywhere, but censorship is wrong.
 Cogent, sharp and  a "must read" for those thinking Americans who have any hope of surviving this assault on our Democratic Republic:  "Know thine enemy", as the Christians put it..  Our nation deserves so much better than this and it's up to us to correct this awful mistake. Michael Wolff tells it like it is.  It would be hard to find  someone less suited to the office than Trump.  Do we need any other reminder that every vote counts?
 A snap shot of what it we know already, being confirmed. Even if half of what you read is true, we are in for a long troubling time. When we have no truth, we have no Democracy.
 It really pulls you in and gives you the dirt. Wolff seems to despise most of the characters in this bizarre worrying tale but you really can't make the stuff up either. He has a clear respect for Bannon though he might disagree with his hard right nationalism. Trump seems to be led and swayed by those around him so easily. He very often has absolutely zero political acumen, other than his deal maker inclination to get some $$ out of any scenario especially those involving Mexico and China. The trouble is that Jarvanka are political hacks as well...
 The president is a wack-a-doodle.
 With everything we've seen and heard from this president, this sounds like what Kushner's tell-all will sound like after he's released from prison.
 Perhaps the funniest book I have ever read, the author is a descriptive genius.
 This book was about 60% of a first draft of history, and 40% gossip column. But that's the milieu of the people discussed.
 Half way through the audible version and it’s great. It’s everything the author claimed it is: a fly on the wall inside the Trump White House from before the election through the inauguration. It’s as dysfunctional as one would expect which is also frightening. Highly recommend this to counter the propaganda coming from the Commander in Tweet.
 I guess it's comforting that for all the gas lighting of America (and the world), Donald Trump really is as incompetent and stupid that most people believe he is.<br/><br/>What's terrifying is that (for now), he's still President.
 There are some new and startling things in this book that you may not have heard before even if you had been following the news closely over the past couple of years.  Even if you had watched a couple of documentaries about Donald Trump and his advisors such as Roger Stone there are still new and disturbing things to learn in Michael Wolff's book.<br/><br/>Reading this book is like driving by a car accident.  You feel a sense of dread and you don't want to look but can't help yourself and steal a glance and then feel an awful heaviness in the pit of your stomach and wish you hadn't looked.  The more I read this book the more disturbed I felt and the greater the sense of dread I felt for the country but I couldn't put the book down.<br/><br/>The book is well written and did hold my interest and I finished the book in a couple of days.  I intend of re-reading the book again which I guess is a vote of confidence for the author.  I recommend everyone read this book as an educated and engaged electorate is important for the future of the country.
 That being said, this book is like candy to me.  It reinforces everything I either suspected, and/ or intuited.  Well crafted, a joy to follow, easily digested.  I am normally not a consumer of non fiction, however in this case, it was easy to cross over. Most non fiction does not paint pictures in my mind, yet here I am extolling the virtues therein.  Love, love ,love, this book!!!
 A great insight into the world of  incompetency &amp;  treasonous activities of the Trump White House. A historical look at how democracy very well might end in the hands of Donald J. Trump. Well researched &amp; writen, Wolff had complete unfettered access to Administration members. This is a must read for all Americans and those who love democracy.
 If not true, it certainly sounds like it. Captivating read. Especially frightening on this first anniversary of Trump's inauguration as the government shuts down.
 Everything this book exposes this disgusting repulsive bully who pretends to be a United States President. The Genius he claims to be has made a mockery out of the American political system and it is exposed by this writer. The fun thing about this book is the names have not been changed to protect the innocent because there simply were none as the writer has shown. Worth the read.
 This book is a hard read.  I have an extensive vocabulary, but almost every sentence contains words that I don't even know.  It almost seems that Michael Wolff's gratuitous overuse of words that are never used conversationally is an attempt to elevate his own intelligence.
 Not the best written book ever, but it's a page turner for sure - like a grisly car wreck, where you just can't look away.  Even if only half of what the author claims is true then the president of the United States is a danger to humanity. Seriously. You should read this.
 I'm glad trump won. He'll do more to burn down the republican party from within, than Hillary ever could from the outside.<br/><br/>This book is a great read. I pre-ordered it when trump was trying to keep it from being published.<br/><br/>If you love trump, you probably aren't capable of reading this book anyway.That and it doesn't have pictures.
 I knew I had to buy this when Donald pitched a fit to pull it from the shelves. Fascinating, depressing and funny at the same time. If it was fictional, it would be even funnier. And yet, this is our dad reality, not some crazy comedy.<br/><br/>I keep hearing how the one good thing about having this loser in the White House is the test on the checks &amp; balances of our government, but LORDY, I would have never imagined until now that our county could fall to such a low level, that so many who could help stop it would turn a blind eye based on politics over ethics. It would be nice if this account opens even more eyes and isn’t dismissed as more background noise that fades away. Wake up America, please let’s get this idiot out.
 Considering all options, sources, validity, etc., I still loved the book, for it reinforced my opinion of TRump, and the sycophants around him...Wolf did a good job illustrating the second coming of PT Barnum as the President...and certainly confirms the ideology of "dumb is what dumb does!" One might guess at the conclusion of the second Civil War between the States, this work by Wolff might be used in high school social science classes as to what could happen when the world around us de-evolves in common sense!
 Everyone should read this book  Yes, the author did have to make some assumptions but overall the book is accurate.  It continues to amaze me that this man ever got elected.  This book just validates what we all knew anyway but it still is a good read.  It is sad to know that our President is a moron!
 An important book.  Deserves all the attention. Insiders knew all this, now the public can learn it too.
 Besides all the stuff we learn about in the morning headlines, there were juicy little tidbits of gossipy stuff that were fun to learn about..  Glad I read it.
 If you read the newspaper, then you will be completely unsurprised by 80% of this book. Some of the insights into the thinking of conservative stalwarts regarding Trump was interesting, but the overall book was dull. Wolff frequently reuses words and phrases that seem to be placed there to make the book sound smarter. I'm all for people protest-buying this book, but please know that this is not a 5-star book you are buying.
 The book rings as true as anything else written about Trump. Truer. His temper, the loathing and backstabbing that resulted, Trumps evident stupidity and, most compelling, his loss of friends and allies
 I don't know that I'd describe this as top notch literature but it is an entertaining insiders look at the dysfunction in the capital of the country run by the most thoroughly unqualified president we've ever elected.
 This book triggers the same feeling I had when I stood in line for the firstt Star Wars and ET movies,  when there was a buzz in the air that something amazing was happening.  Like the best of novels (except it isn't a novel), this is a book you can't put down..  I find myself listening the the audible version, not wanting to get out of my car after i park.  I notice that I want to catch all of the stop lights on my way to wherever i am going so I can hear more of the book.  The  book is brilliantly written,  with huge psychological insight into what we all see in what is going on with  Donald Trump and the group around him.  I am incredulous as to the criticisms of the book.  I consider this  a great and historic book.  Bravo Michael Wolff for your big mind, your ability to describe and make sense out of all of the disjointed pieces of information the news provides into a picture that says, 'aha', yes, of course,  exactly, wow!
 As Trump initially said he surrounded himself with the best and the brightest. Everyone now is jumping off the ship like rats from a sinking ship. 90% of what is in this book is correct we are doomed. Now that he has put Bolten in as his national security advisor, who is a war monger, we will be sending our grandchildren to war. Scary
 Even if the contents are HALF correct, we are in deep, deep trouble as a nation. As I write this three months after the book's narrative ends, President Trump exhibits even more instability.
 Much has been said regarding the veracity of claims and the manner in which the author obtained information. What I have observed to be lost in these debates is the immense strength/voice of the author as a storyteller. Wolf is an artist - his use of words and imagery in describing his experience over the course of the last year is brilliant.<br/><br/>An enjoyable, salacious and intelligently written book.
 You can choose to see this as depressing or hilarious. I'll take the latter, as the former is too... depressing.
 Since I am somewhat of a news watcher I knew of the friction in the Trump White House. This book gives a real insiders view. Astonishing ineptitude on Pennsylvania Avenue lead by giving Michael Wolff to roam the halls at will. A must read for anyone who cares about America.
 Interesting observations of what is happening in the White House. I'm wondering why they allowed him access to the information he is reporting. Nothing really new or informative and it's commentary that we already hear almost every day. It certainly paints a picture of gross incompetence and a surrounding staff that has little control over its supposed leader.
 An excellent read.  Nothing really surprising as anyone who has followed trump through the years, knows he is ALL of the things that the people in the White House have called him.  But hopefully those who have not taken the time to research who he is, will finally learn what a danger he is to our democracy. Very well written and a few new insights.  There are no heroes in this tale....just a cast of of truly horrible people.
 I don't know yet what my real review of this book will be, since I haven't read it yet.  Frankly, I don't know if I will ever have the stomach to read it, since I follow the news so closely that I don't know if I can stand to get anymore depressed than I already am at the fact that we have someone this unstable and unqualified as our President.  But I, too, feel that $15 is a small price to pay to add my voice to all the others who abhor the notion that Trump is trying to suppress the book's publication, just as he feels justified in attempting to shut down or shut up any views contrary to his own.
 Mr. Wolf can thank Donald Trump for being his best promoter of this book.  Just downloaded it onto my Oasis  and read in one sitting because I can't handle Bigly words.  Had POTUS just acted like a grown man  been dignified and showed restraint on twitter.... many would not have paid attention.  But who am I kidding there's a child in the White House who can't help himself and clearly will never grow up so there you have it.  This book is quite revealing and  sadly what most of us already suspected.  Trump is neither a genius or stable contrary to his tweets.
 How is Trump still President!!!!!!
 I loved this book.  There are a few typos and a verb is omitted from one sentence, but this is nothing as the book is a "page turner."  It's very well written, exciting, and full of information.  I enjoyed it on my Kindle and will probably re-read it later on as I was in such a hurry to hear about so much intrigue.  It's also very sad that so many dysfunctional things could go on in our government and I'm worried about a real constitutional crisis confronting our very young country.
 Wow! Kept my interest. A look into this  WH administration that is played in real time. How anyone can dispute the honesty of the book is beyound me. This is just bringing the actual facts out in a book regarding the  dysfunction of this administration. The credible news organizations have reported most of the inexperience of this staff. How the president does not have any ideal what he is doing. The congress past the tax reform. He has brought criticism on his self. No one else to blame. He does not listen. It’s a rogue WH.
 Anyone who loves this country should read this book. Trumpers are shrieking “fake news”, but this well-researched work confirms all intelligent information we’ve dealt with since The Donald waddled into the Oval Office. We are in dangerous waters.
 It’s gossipy Bannon at his most outrageous. Like a crazy telenovela with an impossible to believe storyline, except it all rings true. How much longer can this last? We’re being run by a toddler and his nannies.
 I hate Trump, so I was bound to like this, but it did read like a gossip column.  I often wondered where he got his information and whether it was accurate  Unfortunately for this country, too much of it sounded plausible and in the time since this was first written, far too much of it has been looking more and more true. It will make you feel even more uneasy and concerned about where this awful administration and president will take this country before we can get them out of the White House.
 An administration off the rails and run a muck. Great inside look at a White House run a muck!
 I have not yet completed the reading, but I certainly will do so.  I know that it will make me reflect on our country's leader and his incapability to think of anything tor the good of all our people (yes, including immigrants - after all, only our Native Americans are not immigrants).  All he can think of is himself and how much money he can bilk from our country and our people plus his ignorant rhetoric in attacking anyone who disagrees with him.  Not my idea of a wise leader - not one bit!  Joan G. Schultz
 The chaos we have witnessed on TV has now been put in very succinct and revealing terms. May God help us.
 I've been using the "cold open" method of reading this book (where you just open up the book anywhere and read a few paragraphs) in an effort to prevent overload.  Certainly no literary masterpiece and Mr. Wolff is likely hyperbolizing for dramatic effect, but neither do I think he is manufacturing out of whole cloth.  Make drinking game out of it, have fun with it, but I wouldn't bet money on flawless accuracy is all I'm saying.  Nevertheless, I will never regret buying this book and helping to make the statement that it did.
 Pretty much solidifies what most of us already know or surmise about our disaster in chief.
 Michael Wolff gave a very enlightened account of the divisions within the current White House. He was amazingly accurate...as current events have proven... describing some of the main "characters" who, in previous administrations, used to be experienced, hardworking, professional, intelligent men and women. Sadly, this can not be said about the people Mr Trump gathered around himself! It was absolutely amazing to read how most in the White House staff now have the mentality of working for a corporation instead of adhering to the rules and laws of the United States of America.
 Easy read. Confirms everything we have heard about Trump and the current administration.  Hopefully, people will co,e to understand it is not all Fake News! The stories are real.
 It's nice to have all the info in one location. Of course its mere presence in the book doesn't make a given statement factual... but it also doesn't make it obviously false. I'm sure there are some statements of both flavors. It's just seriously depressing that we've devolved to this position as a nation. And frankly it disappoints me even more that a purported resolution of the factuality of any given statement would probably not change anyone's opinion of how they voted.  Either way.  When facts don't matter, we are in a very bad position as a country.
 I hear a whole lot of spin about what this book is and what it isn't.  From where I sit, anyone who watches news that plays clips of Donald Trump talking on any news channel can verify 25% of this stuff.  Anyone with a Twitter account, another 50%.  Even if the entire balance is lies, which I find very hard to believe, it's very entertaining.
 I can't wait until this clown is out of office, but until then I'll continue to have my laughs.  This book really describes the sh**show that is the White House right now.  I still can't believe this is all reality.
 I liked the depth of his reporting and the number of incedents and people he referred to on so many topics.<br/>I least liked his use of basic language skills and very unorganized style.  I suppose it reflects the pace of the white house, but I had to reread sections to really get the meaning.  If the language is reflective of those in the,White House then our country needs to invest in serious educational improvement and especially basic English.
 Amazing just how unprepared this administration was to lead the country.  I used to give the President the benefit of the doubt but there is no doubt anymore.
 It portrays the Trump White House exactly as I had envisioned. Trump and his sycophants are cartoons. This administration is a stress test for our democracy. God Bless America.
 I generally enjoyed the book, although there were some blatant factual errors. Nothing major, but simple things like what year Speaker Boehner resigned, getting politicians office titles wrong, or altogether naming the wrong person who attended an event (who actually wasn't there). Unfortunately for Mr. Trump, none of these factual inaccuracies change the overall tone and message of the book, which is that the Trump Administration never should have existed.
 Not only did it give insight into the  turmoil of the West Wing, it was, at times,  unintentionally prophetic regarding  happenings that occurred from the White House after the book was published.<br/>  Surprisingly, he gave more credit to and excused more behavior of Trump's people than I had expected him to do.<br/>  I only gave it three stars instead of four  because of Wolff's writing style.  In an attempt to impress he used many archaic terms which was totally unnecessary and didn't make for a fluid reading experience.
 Michael Wolff’s perceptive take on the powers, personalities and motivations that shaped the first nine months of Trump’s administration is a juicy tell-all. He is the Truman Capote of the West Wing. I could not put this book down. If you want a deep dive into the infighting and backstabbing that shaped Trump World in 2017, then this is the book for you. News junkies will have many a-ha moments, as Wolff’s colorful descriptions of the Kushners, Steve Bannon, Reince, et al put events like Charlottesville and Trump’s relationships with the American oligarchs in a new light. Wolff himself says he has a keen eye for human weakness, which is an understatement. His big picture view of the parties shaping the Trump presidency’s first year is accurate and devastating. My one regret is that this book had to end at some point. If only Mr. Wolff were still inside the White House, providing us with his clear-eyed pointed takes. He had me inexplicably rooting for Steve Bannon at the end, which is pretty amazing. Loved this book and I recommend it without reservation.
 This book shows why there is nothing getting done from the White house. The American people don't know for sure what is actually going on in the W.H but after reading this book, now it all makes sense  and after all the name calling  and back stabbing in the W.H the American people can be very grateful we have a normal everyday life .  I need a shower!
 Very readable,  informative,  and just plain scary as hell.  I almost felt like I was reading a novel warning of the path democracy might inadvertently take,  only to remember this IS or new reality.
 If you hate Trump, you will not be surprised by anything in the book.  If you adore Trump, you will probably say the book is all lies or else you will probably not see anything wrong with his behavior.
 It is somewhat amusing to watch the chaos in this administration through the eyes of its participants!  The insight that is yielded by those staffers that are quoted gives the reader a fly-on-the-wall view of the chaos this administration attempts to deny!
 I agree that the book is a rambling narrative about the first few months of the Trump Administration. However, lets put this into perspective: there has never been, nor will there ever be a President quite like DJT. Therefore how can a book that was nearly banned from publication live up to the expectations of a polished novel or political account of any of the past presidencies? When the curtains come down on the Trump Administration, Americans and the rest of the world will wake up with a hangover and have to do a lot of soul searching to remember just how chaotic the Administration was. This book will form part of the national record recording what happened and giving the reader a perspective into a style of governing that is unfit for the twenty-first century.
 It's an interesting book and feels mostly true. I can't imagine why the author was allowed to hang around the White House. They deserve the outcome.
 With all the hubbub about this book, I found it OK...just OK. I got the feeling that Michael Wolff spend most of the time trying to impress the reader with how many big words HE knows. We know Trump has big words ( sic ) but Wolff went overboard. It's not that they were out of place, but he could have turned it down a bit and the book would have flowed better and would have made it interesting instead of work.<br/><br/>He got his point across that the White House is in disarray and the right hand has no idea what the left hand is doing. A true zoo. Would I recommend it ? Neutral on that. I'm definitely not a Trump supporter, but this really didn't tell me anymore I didn't already know.
 This book is a horror story. Our democracy is being destroyed by an unqualified incompetent incoherent sadistic racist. Every day this week the lunatic in the White House just proved the book to be true, a true horror story.
 The book is amusing, at times riveting, occasionally shocking and often reads like a poorly edited novel.<br/><br/>Clearly, the most primary source of information is Bannon, so this is not objective reporting except maybe about how Bannon perceives the White House. I did not take a lot of what is said by either named or unnamed sources as objective fact. As the author said, he received conflicting accounts about some events and in some cases he chose one over the others. But what this book does establish is that a whole lot of folks in the Trump circus have their own agendas, and that Trump engenders in his staff the same lack of loyalty that he shows to people who do not tongue bathe his ego.<br/><br/>It sure seems mostly believable in regard to Trump’s temperament, ego and work habits, the way he treats people, and his complete lack of interest in or understanding  of public domestic or foreign policy. The thesis that he did not want to be president rings true. I feel like I could have written this book on those themes just by watching the president at work and reading his tweets.<br/><br/>But unlike the assumption I formed from hearing about the book’s  most damning revelations, I don’t think it is entirely a hit piece. One can hate what the administration says and does and how it says and does it. But Trump’s instincts do align with those who voted for him to burn the house down and build it in an entirely different way. His staff, even those who talk trash to the author as quoted in the book, believe in this mission at least broadly, and are quietly doing so, much more than some of us might have hoped.
 Trump is a disgraceful clown and the white house is his circus.<br/><br/>Buy it. You'll find that what we see is only the tip of the iceberg.<br/><br/>I didn't make the mistake of voting for him and I'm proud of it.
 Puts into perspective so many of the things I heard about in various news sources and makes sense of it all. However, rather than calming my concerns it raised them. Things are even worse than I thought.
 It didn't tell me anything I didn't suspect but the narrative was compelling . A well told story that attempts to make sense of the Trump insanity.
 I literally read this book because 45 tried to stop its publication.  That's the only reason.  It was fine, interesting perspective, learned some new things, other things I took with a grain of salt.  Little bit tabloid-y, but then, what was I expecting.  It's a really quick read.  I read this book because I could, because I don't like the idea of someone telling me that I can't.  #readersresist
 While Wolff’s style is quite salacious and aimed at the gossip columns, his narrative goes to great lengths to establish a lens through which to view the Trump presidency. Upon release, Wolff’s own ethics were challenged by conservative media, and even several members of the mainstream media, yet nothing shared here really comes across as a surprise. Trump is an impulsive, foolish blowhard who wants to be loved desperately; this fuels his more Machiavellian instincts and compulsive need to insult everyone who either defies or disagrees with him. Everyone else in his administration is somewhere on the spectrum between total complicity and outright betrayal. The thing I’m most impressed by is how anyone still works in the West Wing. It’s perhaps the most toxic work environment in all government.<br/><br/>The book is a fine historical inside look into the train wreck of the worst Presidential administration ever. It’s nothing greater than that, though.
 To know that we have an incompetent child-like figure for a president is frightening, and Mr. Wolff's carefully researched book clearly demonstrates that inescapable fact.  I bought the audible version, which added an element of reality to the work, and rendered it impossible to stop listening.  This 10-hour "listen" is not one you will soon forget.  As one is neither a liberal or conservative I came away convinced that this man needs to be removed from office as soon as possible.  I highly recommend it.
 An appalling and hilarious read. If it weren’t so damn serious it would make a great serial comedy. “You just can’t make this stuff up” - Sean Spicer
 This book was excellent—an up close and personal view of the greatest American nightmare of all time, unfolding right before our very eyes. The author truly paints a picture of a republic in peril—and we have only ourselves to blame for this mess.
 Only 1/3 thru since purchasing. Thus far significant part of book reflects "real news" reports since campaign/election. Additional detail included on things general public would not typically know about. Good read. A must book to document the history of this presidency to ensure time does not erase one's memory over time.
 It all rings true to me, from what we have seen and heard with our own eyes and ears. I found the book to be well and entertainingly written. I'm taking off a star because I thought it could have benefited from a tad more copy-editing.<br/><br/>I'm sure I am not alone in feeling a mixture of guilty pleasure and deep revulsion in reading Fire and Fury. This is way beyond partisan politics. We have a disturbed child as president, constantly angry and resentful, focused on nothing but himself. I hope to God that we get through this in one piece. He clearly cares nothing about the country, the planet, or any living thing on it.<br/><br/>With all the writing that has been done about Donald Trump and those in his orbit, Michael Wolff's hits the hardest.
 There has never been a president like this one. We should pray there is never one like him again.<br/><br/>Wolff provides significant insight into the White House: a brutal look behind the curtain.
 Very interesting! Even though we know a lot of the events described, the author links them together with themes like Trump and his team did not expect to win the election—they were in it to promote their brand and make more money—so methods and appropriateness of actions did not matter. Very convincing information, although Russian Roulette is even better and much better written! Russian Roulette is the best book on politics I have ever read.
 No smoking guns but definitely portrays the new White House Administration as expected based on rumors and leaks that have already been picked up by the press but still worth the read (or listen).<br/><br/>While the White House disputes is validity, most of what Wolf documented seems to be easy to verify since again, if you've been paying attention for the last year, you'd already know most of it to be fairly accurate as most of the book aligns with press reporting on the incidents discussed! (Unless you only watch FOX news). Wolf provides more color and detail on specific incidents that the press could only speculate about.<br/><br/>IMO, the book confirms that the White House is in complete chaos mode. This administration had no intention of winning and now has no idea what they are doing, now that they are there. I definitely had more than a few laugh out loud moments that were nothing short of gratifying when hearing the way the people closest to Trump really think of him.<br/><br/>I would give it 5 stars but since Wolf himself admitted he had a few minor facts wrong, I would have preferred he been a bit more diligent as to not give any ammunition to this WH for arguing the validity of the book.
 A great read.  It is difficult to comprehend the level of stupidity, ignorance and psychosis that makes up this administration.  And amazingly, since the publication of this book, the circus continues.  Crisis, often self-induced, after crisis.  I cannot wait to see the General Counsels findings.
 "Fire and Fury" aka "Trump and Bannon" is a great book tells us about what is going on behind closed doors in the white house during the first year of Trump's presidency. I enjoyed listening to the audiobook during my commute to work.
 Excellent book fairly well written (author gets carried away with demonstrating his extensive vocabulary at times)  and conforms to my understanding of 45's personality based on primary news sources and revelations subsequent to the books release.  Over all I would highly recommend this book, if you are capable of reading it with an open mind.
 Makes the Trump Whitehouse even scarier. Kindle version makes good reading in waiting rooms but it's hard to hold in the laughter (or tears).
 Thankfully, somebody was there to document this incompetent buffoon &amp; corruption going on in the people's house
 I'm a liberal, but this book is nothing more than chaotic, hot garbage. An while that also sounds a lot like the current administration, this was poorly written, poorly supported, and was sensationalized nonsense.<br/><br/>Michael Wolff gets to enjoy his 15 minutes, but I think this hurt his credibility as a journalist.<br/><br/>Not worth the spend.
 It's like the story of Little Red Riding Hood. Everyone knows it's the Big Bad Wolf dressed up like Grandma. You just keep praying for the woodsman with the axe to hurry up and get there. No happy ending here. Just one mud-flinger flinging mud on the top mud-flingers.
 Gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because there were some grammatical errors. If English is your native language, you have no excuse. Now, that being said, the author does a very good job at reporting what he heard and saw in Trump world.
 Finished it and wow.  I am still working on getting my jaw up from scraping along the floor,  FOX news viewers are not going to like this at all.
 You know if he was yelling foul it has to be true.  Everything Wolff wrote has happened, is happening or has proven to be true.  So bizarre that it would be unbelievable if it wasn't for the fact it is believable.  I have read it slowly as it can be maddening and depressing. After reading and more that has happened to date that is not in the book I am scared and resisting.
 It’s so much worse than I thought. 🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️
 Wolff' book proves that truth is stranger....much stranger, than fiction and has effectively frozen out all novelists of the political genre.<br/><br/>We hope our great republic can endure the trump,presidency. It probably will but will linger like a toxic waste dump in the Potomac River.
 I'm  not much of a reviewer, so don't expect this to be like a NYT review. This book really helped me understand the insanity that surrounds this president. I am not sure I believe absolutely everything in the book, but I believe the lion's portion of it. Just one person's observations who got a really close look at the antics in the White House and presented them very believably. But I am not sure I believe there was some hanky-panky going on with Nicky Haley, which was hinted at in the end. Definitely worth a read.
 This gives a narrative and context to all the crazy bits and pieces that have been oozing out of the White House from day one.
 The book is an easy, gossipy read revealing the chaos in the first year of the Trump aministration. It led me to purchase Russian Roulette (5 stars), and several books that have come out since then in order to get a better understanding of the current president and his relationships. Fire and Fury led me into this intense interest.
 The book makes you feel like a fly on the wall.  From personal experience I can tell you that people in a hectic and frustrating environment will say things out loud as if they were thinking to themselves.  Some of the material is this book was obviously  obtained in this manner by either the author on someone who related it to the author.  If you have been keeping up with the news, this book fits right in.<br/><br/>Must reading!
 I’m not sure every word in this book is true...but if even half of it is, it’s a confirmation for those who think the Trump presidency has pretty much been off the rails from the start. Just the fact that the White House issued a cease and desist order on its publication is reason enough to believe there is plenty of disturbing veracity in this addictive read. It leaves one hoping the cabinet invokes the 25th, even though the prospect of a Pence presidency makes me think we’d then be blown back to somewhere around 1750.
 Fascinating and disturbing at what goes on in Washington as people fight for personal gain and satisfaction at the expense of millions of people who are affected by their actions and decisions.  Seems it's almost impossible to survive without selling your soul to the devil. Causes me to pray more for our government!
 While there are a fair number of editing errors in this book relating to grammar, dates, and the spelling of names, they’re irrelevant. The book was likely rushed into print before legal action could block its distribution. With an initial print run of 150,000 copies, and current sales of ten times that number, there’s little doubt the public found it valuable reading. You can fact check it, as I did, and you’ll find the facts pretty much on target, with the previously noted caveat. The issue is that roughly 40% of the book cannot be fact checked, being comprised of overheard conversations and conjectures on the part of the author. So it goes. In light of demonstrated behavior, most of the undocumented material rings true, and casts a harsh light on the construction of the Trump government and the people who comprise(d) it— some of them very briefly. So, read it like a novel, or read it like non-fiction— then make up your own mind.
 I bought this book not to read but to support the courage of the author, Michaela Wolff, for writing it. I got through the first chapter. It's well written, but the subject of the book, Chump, is so disgusting I couldn't read anymore without throwing up. So, I donated it to the library. I'm glad I bought it and supported Mr. Wolff, and would do so again. Perhaps its success will encourage other journalists to be as brave and shed light on the Nightmare on Pennsylvania Avenue.
 I haven't read this, but I'll support anyone that wants to shine a light on the hypocrisy of Donald trump.
 I've seen several interviews with Michael Wolff on TV.  He is not always articulate and he refuses to actually verify what he has written.  Still, most of it jives with what we've all seen in the headlines and on the news, just more background.. (Unless you watch Fox, which is the epitome of Fake News!  Do they think pretty girls in short skirts spinning tales while behind the camera they have to watch out for their own tails is informative?)<br/><br/>Anyone with eyes and half a brain knows Trump has got almost no brain and very little talent, other than his own self-aggrandizement. The book gives a logical look into why things have gone as they have.  Hold onto your hats folks!  If Trump makes it the full four we will either be in a world war or he will be living 24/7/365 on the golf course with Jared and Ivanka running the country.  Take this book as sugar to help the medicine go down.  And vote for ANYONE else next time!
 Despite following the national news daily in several media, I was still shocked at the mismanagement and deliberate undercutting by vested interests in the formation of the president's first year. Mr. Trump's dismal behavior and failures are evident, but his "loyal and faithful family and friends" have turned out to be just as incompetent and disgusting. Thanks to Mr. Wolff we now have a permanent record of his view of chaos. God help America, because her citizens seem not to have the attention of Congress, one of the three equal branches of government.
 Very poorly written
 Should be read with an open mind. Many of the principals should pay  close attention. I would give it give five stars, and I am a Republican...
 This book is worth all the hype. The book was a great read. I was both scared and entertained by the book. The American people are in God’s hands. Wow 😲, we need Congress to step up and do they job. They know this guy and his people, needs to go fast.
 Eye opening and hair raising.  If just 20% of this book is accurate, its enough for me to support impeachment hearings.
 I confess that listening to this book has resulted in an epiphany for me with regard to Donald Trump; namely, that he is genuinely "who he is."  Like a child without guile, it is clear that he is genuinely narcissistic, genuinely out of touch with reality, genuinely convinced that he will be the "best president ever," and so on.  In other words, I have come to realize that he is not evil and conniving, but is just who he is, and VERY proud of it.  It is also interesting to me how much of what is recounted in the book are things we already know -- from what we have all seen and heard from Donald Trump himself.  The author has confirmed this in public interviews, acknowledging his own surprise at how much attention has been generated by the book's release, as if it was full of "revelations."  This book provides a wonderful context for understanding the almost daily shocks to our political system and national discussion inspired by the Trump White House.  Of course President Trump makes false and misleading statements almost continuously -- he has always made up his own reality as he went along and will continue to do so indefinitely.  I have not quite finished the read, but everything I have heard so far rings absolutely true.  Regardless of how the Donald Trump presidency turns out, I suspect this work will continue to be read long after President Trump fades into obscurity.
 Although there's an appreciable amount of conjecture and filling in the blanks, a fascinating read.  I found it interesting that Wolff described Trump' s use of the word, "genius" as a put-down, yet two days after release of the book, Trump described himself as a "stable genius", in an obvious attempt to discredit the book.
 This is a great read, and I highly suggest it. Lacking in terms of investigative journalism, but eerily interesting in regards to public behavior. Enjoy!
 You may think you have heard it all watching the cable t.v. news shows, but there are just enough behind the scenes accounts about the President and his hangers-on, to make you whimper in fear.  Donald Trump should not tweet about the contents of this book until he has read it for himself, after he finishes reading  The Constitution.
 The editing is not great, so some of it is hard to read. I think they wanted to get this into print as quickly as possible, so they cut corners in the editorial area. Possibly the author didn't want it edited. I can understand that, but, in my opinion, it should have been done or at least, if it was, done better.<br/><br/>There are insights that you haven't heard. I found myself saying "Interesting" to some of the tidbits.<br/><br/>Choose to read...or not.
 I bought Fire and Fury on Audible and I just can't stop listening. This is the gateway drug for anyone who doesn't read books about politics. It's a fascinating retelling of the first year of the Trump White House from inside the White House, and a terrifying glimpse at the daily clown show that exists at the center of power. The emperor has no clothes, no sense, no patience, no moral center, no compassion. Most terrifying of all, the emperor has no clue. The book lays to rest any assurances one may have had that the president's glaring intellectual void would be mitigated by more sensible minds around him. In a White House built on nepotism, where sons and a daughter whose intellectual capacities are as limited as their father's hold sway, ignorance rules the day.<br/><br/>The most interesting thing about this book is that so many people spoke to Wolff on the record, and no one seemed to mind his ubiquitous presence in the West Wing as he watched, listened, and recorded the infighting, and, entertainingly, the war between the Bannon camp and the Ivanka/Jared camp. The complete lack of experience, understanding, and anything resembling intellectual rigor among Trump and those closest to him (most notably his daughter and son-in-law) turned Trump's first year into the most profound, public, unmitigated disaster of any presidency in memory. A must-read.
 Anyone with a functional brain should be able to see what a threat to this country Herr Drumpfuhrer is. How that jerk managed to con his way into the White House is anybody guess. This man, and the entire Republican party, do not represent the people. The damage they are doing to our society is going to take years, if not decades, to fix.<br/><br/>Congratulations, America. You got the country you wanted.
 Mr. Wolff told it as he saw it!  I read it knowing some was hyperbole!  Most chapters of the first year were not surprising but very disappointing at the same time.  A distinctly dysfunctional administration with a POTUS who does not read, learn or listen to anyone as he thinks he knows everything about everything.  Unfortunately, as told by Mr. Wolff and most REAL News Services, this administration's first year is the worst in history.  Too bad as some people working there for a handsome salary do their jobs the best they can, under extreme stress,  before they are either fired or leave on their own.  Somehow, some day, this book will be read in 'civics, social studies classes' on how 'not to be POTUS' for future generations to learn the bad and the ugly!  Interesting characters in high positions.  Humpty Dumpty fell off his Wall!  Let's all watch this egghead fall off his WALL, too!
 Just a solid read and very telling.  Depicts and reflects what we see as a nation on a daily basis...an inexperienced, narsasistic, irresponsible and chaotic Trump Administration.
 I bought this book for my hubby Donnell. He said it's juicy and not so shocking. It's a good read and information you'll find interesting. You want a book to read you can't put down. BUY THIS BOOK 📚
 Succinct.<br/>Nuanced, multilayered, insightful; excellent telling of players, their backgrounds, motivations, &amp; playing fields.<br/>Confirming and informing.<br/>Psychologically savvy.<br/>Cleverly coated with huge huge huge tremendous vocabulary words, the biggest vocabulary the world has ever seen. At least a dozen five dollar vocabulary words. An English teacher’s treasure trove of vocabulary words.  Holy cow.  Whip out the big one-  Mr Webster’s big one.<br/>Like Cliff Notes for the current most modern politics.<br/>A notice to the tired, worn, weary, and ever sleepy more moderate majority (of both sides) of the power of a passionate few and a potent, largely unchecked media.<br/>A potent motivated few who are furiously seizing their day while fueling and feeding their own forms of media. They’re very own media.<br/>If you are one of the three monkeys, or even all of them; and/or, inclined towards safe spaces – do not read this book.<br/>Players gonna play play play.<br/>An expensive game.<br/>Mr Wolff really knows how to captivate an audience.<br/>Really knows how to grab you<br/>By the
 Books about current events generally are out of date by the time you read them, and this is no exception. It was obviously rushed into production, as indicated by the lack of proofreading and proper editing. Some sentences simply repeat. Some sentences simply repeat. There have been questions about the accuracy of some parts, but I'm not a Washington insider and can't speak to that. But it gives the reader a bit of a glance into the mind and personality of the man who somehow became our 45th president.
 This book, fact or fiction, is a page turner. It moves like a James Patterson bestseller. This could be read for entertainment alone, and be worth the money and time. You don't need to a political pundit or an armchair analyst to enjoy the intrigue and humor and political backstabbing, that course non-stop through the book.<br/><br/>Some say that this book is wildly inaccurate. I hope so, because if this  is even partly true, we could be witnessing the most incompetent administration since Warren G. Harding.<br/><br/>I
 received 2 days early. i just started reading it and will be a great book. confirms my suspicions about this jerk who is attempting to ruin our great country.<br/><br/>hoping this book is his downfall !!!!  thanks,  bill w.
 Though it seems to be part fiction and part nonfiction (the author seems to at times be filling in the blanks), it's an interesting account of a chaotic and pure amateurish White House. The story as a whole seems quite believable from what we already know from media accounts. Bannon, quoted extensively, really flays Trump and his entire entourage.
 For me, there wasn’t much that hasn’t already been reported in the news. In conclusion, if what is written is to be believed, President Trump will either be extracted from the White House in hand cuffs or a straight jacket. Either of those options would work for me.
 Fire and Fury is well written and greatly appreciated!  Press had been less than kind when it first came out...to be expected.  The book is informative.<br/><br/>I greatly appreciate Michael Wolff for placing himself in the throws of the Lion's dean - the man we are reading about is not healthy in anyway.
 The book reads like a really long tabloid article about Bannon and Bannon's political views and his opinions of the people in the White House. Up until the last chapter, everything in the book could have been written from articles already published. Only in the last chapter does Bannon begin to totally unravel and begin to vomit some of the repulsive actions of the Trump family.
 Amazing insider look at a Russian imposter in the White House - its very clear that Donald Trump has no business being anywhere but on trial for fraud, corruption, money laundering and sexual harassment. Michael  Wolff has done a patriot's job revealing Trump's total incompetence, and we are grateful to him. Now, how to get an American president back in the White House, and how to remove Russian money from buying other people in Washington, DC?
 Nothing in this book cones as a surprise or seems to be incorrect for anyone who has been following the Trump presidency. If anything, it feels like you get to know what the conversation just before one of Trump's outlandish tweets consisted of. It reads a bit like a trashy romance novel that you desperately want to put down but, just cannot.
 With so much happening during Trump's first year in office, it is easy to forget some of the events leading up to where we are today.  Wolff’s Ok brings it all together and fleshes out news stories with his behind the scenes narrative.
 I loved the quoted speech he gave to the CIA. Funny as hell, but also scary when realize he is our president.. It also helped me to understand what is going on in the White House and explains A LOT!
 While I enjoyed the salacious nature of the book, I'm still wondering if it's actual fact or just the writer's opinion. While I'm sure there are factual items in this book, I'm still just a bit sceptical, Trump is bad in my humble opinion, but is all of this truly going on? Time will tell I'm certain. I believe tRump is a lying, cheating scum who's sole purpose is to line his pockets &amp; stroke his HUGE ego, along with stealing from our country. I wish the author had put down his thesaurus and wrote more down to earth,  it felt like big word day in every paragraph, kind of annoying &amp; made the book (for me) less believable no matter how much I wanted to believe.
 THEY SHOULD MAKE THIS INTO A MOVIE.  IT IS SO TRUE.
 Insightful and reveals the ostentatious crookedness of this administration &amp; family. The BOZO surrounds himself with bozos.
 The account is largely influenced by Bannon, but is objective in portraying a psychologically unpredictable and politically incomprehensible Trump, whose executive branch is heavily influenced by his daughter and son in law, and is averse to professional management of the White House.
 Great read -- as entertaining as it is disconcerting.  Rings true.
 An accessible narrative regarding the issues with the Trump Administration.
 LOVE it, (despite my millennial son calling it *propaganda*(I don't get it either)) almost finished and wishing I wasn't!<br/>It's the first book of it's kind that I've purchased or read too.
 I get the feeling that if 10% of this book is accurate, then Trump is the most dangerous man in the world.  But, it seems to be so in accord with the insanity we have all experienced with Trump last year, it is likely 100% accurate.  Goodbye world!
 This book is essentially verification of what we already knew if you are a regular viewer of the news but it is interesting and there are a few insights that clarified some of the craziness we’ve been witnessing for the last year. I found it also somewhat reassuring...there are sound minds near the White House who are not buying what the current administration is selling. I found myself even reassured in the feeling I had from the moment that Donald Trump surprised us all and won the presidency...we, as a country, are better than this.
 Will never read it but we don't ban books in America,  President Trump.  15 dollars is worth making the point.
 If this book was a neighboring country, I'd build a wall around.<br/>If this book had cancer, I'd cancel it's insurance.<br/>If this book was a victim of a mass shooting, I'd offer it thoughts and prayers.<br/>I want people to look at this book the way Mike Pence looks at Trump.
 This book is a confirmation of what is painfully obvious, that Donald Trump is nothing more than a spoiled brat who has no business being in the White House. The sooner he is out the better.
 A very engaging read. Love his style and word usage. This is a great read even though America is being run by an imbecile.
 I like the book, and it coincides with Trump’s twitter timeline. So if you have been following that, then you are in the know.<br/>However, and it could be just me....I felt like it was a book about Bannon?<br/>That being said, I cannot wait for part II! (There’s going to be a part II, right? - LOL)
 My hard copy cost me $18 that I gladly paid. Trump has no business being in this office. He lost the popular vote by nearly 3 million votes &amp; the electoral college was likely rigged in his favor. Hoping impeachment will be coming soon as it seems unlikely that he will resign. The damage he is doing to this country will take another generation to repair.
 “The notion of the Presidency as an institutional and political concept, with an emphasis on ritual and propriety and semiotic messaging – statesmanship – was quite beyond (Trump).”<br/><br/>Such is the pall that permeates throughout this outstanding work by noted political journalist Michael Wolff. With unparalleled access to the 2016 Trump Presidential campaign and then his initial nine months in the White House, Wolff delivers a blistering referendum on undoubtedly the least organized or prepared Presidency in history. Led by, easily, the most incompetent Executive to ever occupy the Oval, we’re witness, time after time and chapter after chapter, to the inner workings of those mind boggling acts of his first days and months. From his out-of-the-gate failure to reform Obama-care to the completely misguided, ill-informed and forced Executive Orders limiting international travel (the foolish “travel ban”), to the manhandling of immigration policy and his subsequent posturing on campaign promises for the “wall,” we see constant staff in-fighting, maneuvering and one-upmanship for the President’s ear…all intertwined with Trump’s inability or lack of desire to formally organize an Executive Office with a clear vision.<br/><br/>Wolff sets the tone from the very beginning with the urgent observation that the Trump Presidency is fraught with multiple internal issues, beginning first with Trump himself. Narcissistic, virtually illiterate and with the attention span of a small child, we see an Executive consistently bewildered and at odds with the many on staff who believe that they hold sway.<br/><br/>And at the forefront of this inner chaos is Steve Bannon, the President’s “Chief Strategist,” a position created solely within this administration. An Executive Chairman for the small Breitbart News Channel but having no political affiliation or experience, Bannon nonetheless possesses a savvy and vision brought on by the hard political right. And it is this dogma that he pushes as the de-facto Trump base. Calling out the Tea Party while evoking his own tenet on issues such as American isolationism, he initially sells this vision of America to Trump who then bases his campaigns ideals on it and continues to adopts it as his platform as President…indeed, this strategy is so successful, it introduces Bannon as a sort of political “whiz-kid,” a definer of a new political movement. And then by gaining a key role inside the administration, Bannon goes into overdrive to sell this message throughout the West Wing and to set the Presidential agenda going forward<br/><br/>But completely antipathetic to Bannon’s vision is newly appointed Chief of Staff Reince Priebus. Chairman of the Republican National Committee for the previous six years, Priebus’s agenda is to steer the Trump Presidency away from Bannon, who Priebus considers toxic, and toward the mainstream Republican Congressional base, namely that which is dictated by House Speaker Paul Ryan. Much to his chagrin, however, Priebus soon discovers that he has virtually no support within the West Wing, particularly from the President himself, who, instead, seems to delight in openly mocking Priebus.<br/><br/>Finally and perhaps dubiously, we have Trump’s family, daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared Kushner. Political neophytes all, Kushner in particular is a curious figure…a Harvard graduate and JD/MBA from NYU, he’d previously excelled in real estate before purchasing the short-lived “New York Observer” magazine. But somehow, due to birthright and the President’s belief that among all of his “short-bus” children, Ivanka is “the smart one,” Jared, because the “smart” Ivanka married him, MUST be worth listening to. “JARVANKA,” clearly clueless, want nothing more than for their father to appear Presidential thus their entire mission is to shield, protect and offset anything and everything that will require him to actually think, analyze or spend a great deal of time or “brainpower” on. Thus they work tremendously hard to build a staff that, by definition, drastically offsets the efforts of Bannon and Priebus.<br/><br/>And so with this ship of fools, it is, gravely, the American people who are inveterately affected. And as Wolff so dystopianly reminds us, through pages and chapters, all three of these factions spend colossal amounts of time in battle with each other for hierarchy, with the idea of actually governing or attempting to accomplish things like reductions in the national debt or a salving in the absurd amount of congressional partisanship being a foreign concept. And at the top is an amazingly out of touch and disaffected Executive who could not or even would not recognize anything amiss. Yes, Ronald Reagan was a completely over-rated President who did only one thing very well…he hired an amazing staff and was then smart enough to stay out of their way. This clearly disaffected President is not only obtuse but seriously embarrassing for the United States on the world stage, giving rogue nations like North Korea and Iran a boldness that they’ve not enjoyed previously…seriously, if a country were proliferating WMD and/or nuclear weapons and the greatest power in the world was led by an inferior impersonator, would you be deterred? I think not…<br/><br/>And as for this eye-opening and thought provoking tome from Michael Wolff, my only commentary is to say thanks…I, as an American citizen applaud your effort in exposing this buffoonery to the American people such that this “experiment” can soon end. Hopefully, the highest of Trump’s transgressions (his involvement with Russia in his campaign win) will expose him for what he truly is…a more severe Richard Nixon type, and that his actions will lead to unanimous impeachment in both Houses of Congress before he embarrasses us any further.
 In all my 81 years, I would never have believed that this beloved country of mine could have been controlled by such chaos! A more 'effing' Immoral, disgusting, insane, two-year-old moron with no idea what he's doing could not have been elected to our highest office! BETTER WAKE UP FOLKS or it will be too late! GET OUT AND VOTE YOUR VALUES this year and in 2920, or there won't be a civilized United States of America left to live in!!!<br/>Thank you, Michael Wolff for an eye-opening read!
 This is a fascinating look into the workings of the White House. No matter your political views, this book is worth reading.
 I literally can’t put the book down. Incredible account that really helps connect the dots to what we’ve observed and suspected all along about this buffoonish “President” Trump and what people really think about him who work close to him. The Accidental Presidency of Trump is probably the biggest surprise of the 21st Century and Wolff helps pull back the curtain on the man, the his thinking, those on the right like Ailes and Bannon who clearly see him as a puppet and means to their ends.
 Fire and Fury is gripping and entertaining. Wolff is a terrific writer who could have made up this story line - but didn't have to. He's done a great job of shining the light on a crazy situation that is impacting the whole world.
 Even if only 30% of this book is accurate, we have great cause for concern.<br/> Thank goodness for the 25th amendment!
 Read this book.<br/>If you wondered what it is like in today's White House world, read this.  It is no wonder things are in one hell of a mess.  With the group trying to figure out who is getting the shaft, nothing gets done.
 It's riveting from start to finish! It's not new info, but boy does it put flesh around some of the events we all either heard about, speculated about, and/or witnessed. Yes Trump was fighting with Melania on inauguration day! He seemed pissed at her and he was! That's just one of the many confirmations in this book. It's salacious, and so much of it rings true. Wolff acted as a quasi therapist to all the back stabbing minions of the Trump White House, yet Wolff was a wolf in sheep's clothing to them. He acted as a mole really. However you feel about Michael Wolff's tactics, he came up with a tell all that exposes something very close the truth, which is no small task given the nest of liars he had to contend with. The fact that they let this man in the White House is proof of the massive incompetence of the Trump administration that is so aptly and believably described in this book.
 Fast paced, enthralling, captivating. Gives a detailed account of the innards of this White House and its unique administrative staff.
 The book paints a vivid picture we already know. A picture of emotionally unstable man who happens to be the President of the United States...
 I was prepared to not like this book but found myself continuing to the end. While the attributions are thin and the editing could have been tighter, I believe this will go down historically as a unique peek behind the palace walls.
 You can tell this book was hastily put together. But despite that, it's a fast and furious read. And while there's been plenty of controversy over its accuracy, recent events support the descriptions of the White House rather than refute anything Wolff says.
 A fascinating read for a political junkie!  Even if you take some parts with a grain of salt, between Trump and his team's public comments and tweets, it's pretty evident that this book contains more truth than imagination.
 Eye opening account of the first several months inside the Trump White House. Not as over the top as it was made out to be, but nonetheless still a crazy account of how Trump and his staff run our country.
 Utterly compelling ... amazingly unvarnished inside look at the chaos surrounding Trump and his White House, with an excellent take from Steve Bannon’s point of view on how “Trumpism” will go on beyond Trump.  I’m grateful all of us don’t have to wait 50 years for this to come out ... I’m reminded of “Bobby and J. Edgar” as a comparable book of Oval Office and high government machination insights.
 This book felt like reliving the past year and confirmed everything we suspected.  Trump is an idiot and we are stuck with him.  2018 followed by 2020 cannot come to soon.  Vote! Vote! Vote!
 This book appears to capitalize on Steve Bannon's distorted interpretation of his relationship (former relationship) with the president, as well as the subjective and over-inflated impact of Bannon's role in White House matters. Much of the information is unsourced; what is sourced has either already been published in newspaper accounts of the early months of the new regime or is implicitly sourced from Steve Bannon, who is hardly a reliable narrator. The result is a sensationalized narrative that, while it reveals the chaos among members of the White House inner circle, offers little balance from other "inside" sources to help the reader to determine whether any of it is true. I would not recommend it if the reader is searching for facts.
 Conversations conducted and overheard in the White House, properly fact-checked, provided another dimension to my understanding of of presidential politics. This prompts me to ask my constant question-'Who is looking out for the American people?
 45s  Behaviour indicates clearly the the author nailed the narrative from the beginning to the end. Will 45  and his family surprising survive is yet to be seen. But one should learn to never fire the professionals and advance the idiots.
 Be very warned.  Once you start reading, you will have significant difficulty putting it down.  I got it the first day it came out for my Kindle.  I almost missed date night with tardiness picking up my girl as I read six chapters day one.  It basically provides additional perspectives about what many of us have already suspected about this President.  It does provide additional speculative confirmation that our current President is a total moron.
 Wow! Written by someone with total access to the chaos passing for a sane government, this might just wake up the fools paying for all of the beautiful chocolate cakes and security people's hotel bills going right bac to our president's personal coffers...by getting rid of the contagion gripping our country's Executive branch, our lackluster Legislative branch and the snub to our Judicial branch by the trump team, who might well have been helped into power by hackers. Shows trump doesn't know what he is doing, and that those around him are all in it for as much cash as they can stuff into their pockets. Whew! The incompetence and greed of the surprised president glares out from this account written by someone who was quietly watching the entire fall of our sane government from right inside The White House. Hoping The Truth will set us free from the trump pence nightmares inflicted upon Puerto Ricans, immigrants, the middle class and the embarrassments inflicted upon us for all the world to see.
 Very credible presentation of the Trump White House. Some laugh out loud quotes help to assuage the darkness that surrounds the minions who continue to enable Trump’s insanity to permeate the national discussion.
 In spite of what those cited in the book and their remarks say after publication, I would tend to believe the author. For a review of a dysfunctional, disorganized Presidential White House by their own words, The staff tells it  like it is especially since this author was granted unfettered access to the White House which is unbelievable n this day &amp; age.
 The author confirms what I have observed since he took office. Trump is ill suited for the position of president and commander-in-chief. His behavior is erratic, his plans, which are no more than vague concepts, are poorly thought through. Multiple accounts of a number of people in his administration validate that the White House is in a perpetual state of disorganization, if not outright chaos. The book is a good read, but leaves you wondering how we ended up in this place.
 This man is our president? This book gives me and I hope many others a recap of what we in the US have begun to regard as "the new normal!"
 If you only believe that half of this is true we are in major trouble as a country. Who voted for this imbecile?
 You know it’s almost all true. You do. And it’s frightening for America. Read this book to mobilize yourself. Please.
 Finally a person with the courage to call out Tweety, I mean Trump.
 Lets face it. On the big picture there is very little new here. We all know that Trump is colossally unfit to be president. I enjoyed learning the details. The only downside of the book is that its a little too focused on Bannon. It would be nice to have a broader perspective.
 I find it amazing that the author was allowed  access to all the individuals of White House to write this book but on the other hand, I should not be. I hope America will learn a valuable lesson from this presidency. Be carful what you wish for!
 Yes, it's an expose of what's going on in the Trump White House, but it is well thought out, well written, and not the sensationalist kind of thing you'd find in The National Enquirer or other similar tabloids.  It gives real insight into the dynamics of the major White House players, which increases one's understanding of the state of affairs currently in Washington.
 It reads like a novel (genre would be horror). It doesn't really say anything you hadn't already heard but it does make what you heard make more sense. If you keep up with the news (Fox entertainment does not count) then it makes what's going on in the country more coherent.  The book is distressing if you love your country but well worth reading.
 This is scary stuff.  Hope we can make it until the end of this mistake of a Presidency.  Wish it was fiction.
 Finished the book and it provided a pretty good description of the time mostly after the 2016 election. The narrative is pretty clean considering the amount of backstabbing that occurs. Not much of a surprise, but the detail gives a better insight into Trump and those around him. The only problem is the cutoff when most know there is more dysfunctional behavior that happened and more coming in the future. This book could be a series although Wolff probably won't get another White House invitation.
 My first Audible book and what a great one! The narrator is terrific. He brings that frentic Trump feeling to his reading. I had to laugh at some points because Trump came off as so comical.<br/>As for the book itself, I realize that Wolff doesnt have the most sterling reputation, but he used that to his advantage.
 I just purchased it to piss off Trump. But it is a depressing tome about the half-wit kook who is currently playing "president". It's now upstairs sitting on a shelf by the catbox. The cat kicks litter on it sometimes.
 A page turner.  Very entertaining and hopefully will help bring down this presidency
 ...and a reminder that humanity’s lifespan is probably going to be brief. It’s a pity that one person could end everything!  But I wont blame the creature that is Donald Trump. I blame the laws of physics which created the creature. I hope to be wrong. We could be saved by a clot making its way through the Donald’s bloodstream at the moment you read this. GO CLOT GO!
 This book is both informative and entertaining. One really feels like they are sharing the experience with the author of daily sitting on a couch in the West Wing being fed the in house gossip of the day.  I would highly recommend this book to everyone .
 There are no big surprises in this book for anyone who was following real news in 2017.  And, the few ‘surprises’ have already been covered in the media.<br/><br/>But, if you can stand it, this Is a compelling and comprehensive retelling of 45’s first year.<br/><br/>Like most horror stories be sure to avoid reading before bed.
 I happily but this book to add to the chorus of voices indignant that Donald Trump  thinks that he can stop a book from being published. When we lose freedom of the press, we lose everything. Here's to all of us making a statement with  our purchase:  Donald Trump......YOU LOSE!
 More than a little discouraging.  America is in a real mess.
 I am college educated and found the vocabulary a bit challenging at times. It feels like the author was trying to use vocabulary as validation for his statements. It was unnecessary! Otherwise I found it through and interesting.  If only 20% of it were true I would say that we have a real national crisis on our hands.
 I am a fan of roasts and stories that point out the negative as well as the positive attributes of a person or concept. I didn't give this book a 5-star rating because it was a little all-over-the-place, but it was enlightening. To hear that Bannon was, or THOUGHT he was, behind all the "good" ideas in the Trump White House was funny, scary, and, at times, downright flabbergasting. To hear how much the administration truly did hate one another was disconcerting to say the least.<br/><br/>I've heard the Michael Wolff prides himself on writing about people in an unfavorable fashion, so it was a surprise when some of his judgements seemed to cast Trump in a favorable light. Mind you, not too many, of course, but they're there all the same.<br/><br/>Though this book seemed to go backwards then forward in time at most inopportune moments, it was overall a good read.
 This won’t please the alt-right, but it is a root-tootin’ account of Donald J. Trump’s campaign for President of the United States, his mind-blowing win, and the first nine months in power. Hysterically funny, and yet very believable.
 Sad, shocking, and even if it's only 50% true, America continues to lose...<br/>Hopefully, this is a wake-up call for everyone. Trump will never change, the lies will never stop, he will never be a good guy.
 Amazing story, but it doesn't surprise me any. This guy really scares me (and I voted for this nut).
 Bought to anger and annoy 45.
 So glad that I read it. Learned tons. I would recommend to everyone to read. Especially those naive Trump voters.
 This was a good read, although you shouldn't believe every word. Mr. Wolff himself makes that clear at the outset. It held my attention and did give me some sense of the Trump WH, but most of all, of the character of Bannon and his movement.
 Like watching train wreck on your way to the dentist.  You don't want to be there, you don't want to watch.  But, you're powerless to do anything about it.  And you know you should keep your eyes peeled.
 I found Wolfe's book interesting but I just didn't really feel like it revealed much that we didn't already know from reports that have come out over the last few months about the Trump administration. I don't find it hard to believe some of the personal accounts that he gives of what went on in the White House and is continuing to go on. It's all very troublesome, and of course it is far from over. The financial ties and intrigue in the family are probably what's going to bring them down in the end.  The roles of Ivanka and Jared are truly despicable.  I found Wolff's writing style to be annoying at times with run-on sentences and poor sentence structure.  They were also typos in the book, which is just sloppy editing.  With the recent events and Bannon's fall from grace I wonder what swamp creature might arise to take his place. One thing is for sure, that the author notes, the end of Trump won't be the end of Trumpism and all that it represents.
 This is everything it was hyped up to me - funny, disturbing, shocking, enlightening. History in real time, and already Wolff needs to write a sequel as probably yet another book's worth of trainwreck has happened. But even if you're a Trumpist, it's a must read. It explains a great deal.
 If only Half of it is true, then Trump has to go.
 omg BUY IT its freaking JUICY!!!!!
 A compelling read (or in my case, listen). I expected a kind of soap opera, but the amount of information and the way it rings true elevates it to 4 stars. I recommend it.
 I loved reading up on what a real bum Trump is. I am going to re-read this book.
 The subject and tenor of the book ring true if, like me, you have been aware of trump and his disgraceful business and personal practices for decades. But, I specifically purchased this book because even the president cannot quash the publication of a book and run rough-shod over the 1st Amendment.
 Hilarious, all true and you already knew most of it. Compelling compendium of the antics and dysfunction of the worst administration, helpers and handlers in the history of the US. This guy can write! Well read by the author. Highly recommended.
 An intelligent expose of the Trump Whitehouse  and it’s cast of characters. An excellent reportage of daily doings with a behind the scene ear and eye for details.
 A fascinating insight into the internecine dysfunction of the Trump white house. Aside from the headline grabbing summaries, the level of detail on the struggles between the various factions truly helps to explain the underpinnings of the year of madness.
 This book , someday I think people will look back and say- well it was right there in the book, but nobody tried to the wheel when the ship overturned. If you haven't read this book you should. And you will never imagine a tragic, sordid ,chaotic, conflicted tale like this ever happening in America while witnessed by Everyone.
 Michael Wolff confirmed the rumors of a dysfunctional White House in this book.  His in depth analysis of the varied characters, Bannon, Trump's family members, Priebus, etc painted a dark. scary reality of this nightmare of a Presidency!! A cautionary tale to be sure.
 It was well written and gave me a glimpse into the chaos I suspected in the current White House. It was funny too and it helped me let go of the tension I had around this time in history, how America has become a weaker nation because of this ridiculous figure and his cohort. But, I get it. This was always a possibility. There are Americans who wanted this to happen. It an education for me.
 This revealed what we have all known, that Trump's reign of chaos is indeed chaotic. These people have shanghaied our government, and Mr. Wolff's reveal only scratches the surface.i hope there will be a sequel as the madness rages on.
 It wasn't exactly what I expected.  I thought it would an attempt to absolutely ridicule Trump.  Instead, it portrayed him as a person.  A rather flawed person, but a person none the less.  I found myself saying "I can see that" when Wolff described Trump's point of view on various topics.  While I'm still not a supporter of the President's policies and behavior, I do feel some sympathy for the man.  The poor fool...
 as explosive as it is riveting, this book is worth the time in reading it, despite the moronic nature of its subjects, the oily nature of its author, or the shaming of the Twink in Chief, Jared. But that being said, is it really so difficult a proposal to correct the spelling errors, typos, and grammar mistakes? 👼🏿
 Still reading but learning more than I wanted to about the dark Trump administration.  We're in trouble with this one, folks!
 This book brings to light what most intelligent people already knew...<br/>The White House is home to a Narcissistic Man - Child, who is<br/>one tweet or outburst away from impeachment.<br/>IT CANT COME TOO SOON
 Loved his insights into Trump and his crazy Whitehouse. Would love to see his comments on everything that has happened since the publication of this book.<br/>I would recommend this book to everyone. My hope would be that all republicans would read it and join the movement against an immoral, ignorant, dangerous president. Unfortunately, if you have no scruples left, you support self interest.<br/>Way to go Mr. Wolff, love your work!
 It tells a lot of what I think happened with the campaign.<br/>It explains alot about Trump and other people views about him.<br/>I do think that he should resign from the presidency for the good of the country.<br/>No one should have to go through the shame and humiliation on a daily basis.<br/>He thrives to be liked and loved.  So he gives all of him the best way that he knows how.  Is he crooked? YES<br/>He is still that little boy who was shipped off to military school, isolated from his family at such a young age.<br/>Did he feel rejected from his family?
 I knew Trump was disturbed , I just didn't realize  how much.....Thoroughout this book I keep asking myself, "How can he still be in office?" Well written, very informative, very disturbing............
 Incredibly intriguing read with an insightful perspective. Highly recommend this easy and gripping telling of the current White House chaos
 The book confirmed all my worst fears about Donald Trump and the people surrounding him. It will be years before we recover from all the (damages, missteps, destruction, ill-considered choices, lies) etc. I am happy the book was written; it will further exposed him and his inept way of doing things that are clearly wrong. He is guilty of many things such as collusion, miscarriage of justice and more.
 Waiting on my copy.  Reading the reviews I am patiently waiting to delve in to what I already know.  Having done my homework on this person I expect no less than a reaffirmation that this character should never have been elected to the August surroundings of past Presidents in the White House.  Couldn't stand to watch him on The Apprentice and cannot stand looking at his mug now. God help the USA!
 Totally believable--and incredibly disgusting and frightening.<br/><br/>Read this if you care about what's happening to our country.  And then VOTE like it matters.
 This was the first anti-Trump book I jumped on after all the CNN hype.  While I enjoyed reading it as it agreed with my political point of view, it was full of unsubstantiated opinions and unproven assertions.  In addition, there were errors galore.  As a writer myself, I wondered what kind of time crunch this editor was under.  If you dislike this "president," read this book to feel vindication!
 As an observer,the author gives a close look at the "reality  MindPresident Trump."And what Mr Wolff revels is a White House chaotic, out of control, power struggle staff who wants to curry favor with the Donald.I recommend this book for those who want to keep our Democracy..People who have an Open  Mind
 Nothing new except it puts everything into perspective only as Michael Wolfe can. Great read. Even Trumpsters should read this. They'll learn many things about their president that they'll never hear on FOX.
 Now...... How much more information do we need to confirm what we already know?  You can't make this stuff up. I'd like to see congress have a backbone instead of a wishbone.  Trump is a scary man without a conscience.  Thank you Michael Wolff.
 I have no idea why some of these NYT journalists think that they are the last word on what is accurate or, not...Are they mad bc Wolff was smart enough to gain access that they couldn't???...CONGRATULATE - DON'T HATE!!!<br/><br/>Found this to be a credible account of what is actually going on in our nations highest office...<br/><br/>I purchased audiobook - LOVE IT!<br/>CHEERS TO MICHAEL WOLFF!!!
 The first amendment is great, possibly the greatest amendment. When I see people out there trying to squash free speech, I just have to. I'm a genius, you know. I mean, I don't even wait. And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. So when you see that book you just gotta grab it by the binding.
 It was interesting to read this book at this time.  Many of the folks mentioned in the book are now GONE! Even if only a tenth of it is true, this group of folks are shallow dabblers running this government.  The comments about Trump and his personality fit everything we are seeing in the news daily.  If it is fiction, it is most believable fiction.  I looked on line to see if there were any liable suits pending about the content revealed,  and there were none, so one would have to believe much of it is true!  Scary to say the least.  I encourage folks to read it for themselves and compare it to what you see in the media and make your own judgment.
 This book made me take a hard look as to who is really running the White House and how really unqualified and possibly unstable our current president actually is. Just my opinion.
 I enjoyed reading how uninformed, uneducated, and out of touch with reality Trump really is! He is an embarrassment to the USA! I feel very sorry for Melania.
 A great read!  You will enjoy this book, especially if you are not on Trump's side.  The book is based on interviews with White House staff, no conclusive proof that everying discussed in of absolute truth, although my opinion is that most of it is true.  It fits Trump's demeaner!
 It is like a chapter review in a complicated college textbook. Necessary, but scary to think of what the upcoming chapters will be like. You have been primed by the real news, so it reads somewhat familiar. It grounds the surreal in a helpful set of reality checks. Meanwhile, it brings you into the backstage realm of those who live with it all, day in and day out, and the factions they form to cope with the constant discord.
 This book is written in a journalistic manner-I never felt there was “bashing” that resembles either tweets or some media responders. I read this as soon as it came out in Kindle form so that I would be able to compare TV commentary.
 Loved it! Gave background to what we’ve heard on the news. And the madder it makes Trump, you know where the truth really hurts.
 If you appreciate good writing, get this book. I have to disagree with some of the other five star reviews here: There is a lot we *haven’t* heard before. Wolff is a fabulous writer who comes up with very original takes, told with aplomb. People can quibble with a few minor details, but the arc of each story line points toward truth, revealed in entertaining and surprising ways. Wolff should also be congratulated for pulling off the access journalism scoop of the century. If humanity is still around in a few hundred years, historians will still be combing through this book. Leave the politics out of it for a moment - Wolff has talent and knows how to use it. If you have a serious problem with this book, then you probably have an axe to grind. I only wish I could write half as well as Wolff does.
 How and why we're the American people fooled into voting this joker into the presidency? Ronald Reagan is spinning in his grave.
 The book is such a great read that I couldn't put it down! The book puts so much into perspective. Some many things make sense now. I should have known how great this book was when 10 people from my shift at work was reading it on their lunch break. Amazing book!
 Just... astounding...harkens back to the days of Richard Nixon, who was a smart lawyer who let his paranoia and hubris get the best of him.<br/><br/>Trump is...not a smart man.
 It’s incredible! You just can’t make this stuff up. Based on my observation of the last year, it is believable to me.
 Petty and poorly written.
 Explains so much about this mess we are in. Thanks, Michael Wolff!
 Fully anticipating a tabloid format of salacious gossip, I was surprised to find some solid political analysis and keen observation of character.  Surprisingly,  no one in the Trump White House seemed to evoke any admiration from the author.  Wolff painstakingly reveals the artifice and plot ting from the various factions.  Had the President a clear view of his own, he would not have surrounded himself with such disparate entities.  Had he made purposeful rather than spontaneous gut level choices, the first year might have evolved much differently.  The anti-Midas touch has destroyed the careers of many staff members.  Overlooked supporters like Christie and Giuliani can thank their lucky  stars that they avoided the heat of that Sun.
 It explains everything with intelligence, color and impact. I think everyone should read this!
 This was an interesting book. I felt it was honest and tried to be as objective as one could be about the three ring circus that is, unfortunately, our current Presidency. It is as disturbing to read as the daily news is to read. I can only hope that in the end, truth, justice and decency will win out over this absurd and shameful period of American history.
 This book was somewhat insightful, but I guess I was hoping for either more negativity or a little more oomph in the delivery.  It was an okay read, thus my three star rating.  I'm glad I didn't pay full price for it.  I don't think it would be worth it, being barely over 300 pages long.  I hate #45, before and after the read.  It does emphasize the fact that he is childish and has an extremely short attention span.
 My gut reaction is to oppose anything that trump wants so his opposition to this book alone made me want to read it.  I have listened to the audible version twice now. I see it as an interesting but probably gossipy and exaggeration of the truth.<br/>I read many biographies and usually I feel after the book that i can understand or relate to the subject better, There does not seem to be one likable or admirable character in the entire book. I still detest trump but unfortunately I don’t understand him a tiny bit better.
 Clearly biased but it's hard to argue the facts. I'm fairly neutral in my political stance (I've read Fire &amp; Fury, In Trump We Trust, ect...) and I found this book entertaining, funny, disturbing and thought invoking, all of which make a great read. I definitely recommend this book!
 It's not a master work of journalistic writing, nor is it a series of groundbreaking revelations about our president. It's honestly full of run on sentences and gossip, but I didn't get it for anything groundbreaking. What it is, to me, is a symbol of what the Trump presidency has been.<br/><br/> If people ask me what it was like when I'm old and this is all behind us I will hand them this book. It can drag on in sections, the whole thing isn't well put together, and generally it can be a confused story of known ineptitude. Sounds like the last year to me.<br/><br/>If only the smallest fraction of this book is remotely true, it's only piling on at this point anyway. There's nothing so blatantly far from my day to day observations about how in over their heads they are. I'm just glad I got this book on the one year anniversary and finished it by the end of the shutdown.<br/><br/>Besides, Trump tried to hold the publication of this book at bay, so to him I spent $18 to say "f*** your censorship, you couldn't read this book if you tried anyway".
 The actual information in the book is interesting, but the writing is atrocious. There are TONS of Long run-on sentences. Most paragraphs have asides (example: See Jane - who thought way too much of herself - run). The author seems to be fond of using $50 words when 50 cent words would be easier for the average reader and better help the author to get his point across. It’s really a shame because the story is great, but reading the story is tedious at best. I wonder if an editor even looked at the manuscript. If the manuscript was edited that editor needs to find a new line of work.
 More evidence that Trump is entirely unfit to be President. Corrupt, venal, and incompetent describe him well.
 Doesn’t really tell us much that couldn’t be gleaned from the continuous press coverage of the fiasco that is the Trump presidency but the bits of new information that are there are worth waiting for. The overall style, as a condensed read covering the first nine months or so of Trump’s only term, is very entertaining but the writing is quite painfully convoluted with endless recursive digressions which make reading the text something of a chore. Worth struggling through for the fun revelations.
 If you are interested in politics especially our current president, if you must call him that , then you will enjoy this book. It validates all the fears and embarrassments  I have  about him. How half the country voted him in I will never understand. But this book has interesting tid bits about life inside Trump’s White House and the way he manages issues or doesn’t manage them. An interesting look about the senior staff as well.
 You'll grow tired of the joie du guirre phrase. The salient parts you can get on the news but it's nice to really reinforce that Trump is a dumb as a box of rocks.
 I bought this to read what the author had to say and if he had discovered anything beyond what had already been reported. It was nothing more than an attempt at a hit piece and a slow read at that. It's getting old with all these writers attempting to cash in on trivia gleaned from already published or documented information.
 What can I say! Everyone should read it and then weep. Courageous work by the author. It turned into the most sought after book on earth for a while. Another thing brought to us by our current pResident's antics.
 Well written.  No surprises that the White House has been taken over by corruption, greed, and stupidity.  We are in an age where, moral bankruptcy is the guiding principle for those in power, with no relief in sight (save perhaps the Mueller investigation).
 Woof!  Trump is something else!  Puts the timeline of events into his election in good order.  A  fun read, and after watching Trump as<br/>president,  it explains his current behavior to a tee.
 Though it can make for painful reading, this book seems to offer precise and accurate observations of the initial phases of the Trump presidency.  Descriptions of the real-life characters (including Trump himself), their decisions, judgments, personal interactions, and chaotic, disorganized ways of functioning would seem to suggest something of an offensive, sickening surrealism.  Wolff is just reminding us how deeply submerged in the ACTUAL swamp we've been pushed to descend.
 Got the audiobook and listen before I go to sleep. My Fire and Fury inspired nightmares are still better than living this train wreck of a reality. Highly recommend.
 While. There are errors of commission and omission in this book its core is solid. Wolff delivers a clear and compelling explanation of the problem at the heart of the Trump Administration.
 Trump's world is as insane on the inside as it looks to be on the outside. Let's hope this guy is impeached and removed before he does even more damage to the country. Revealing book.
 Every day since the POTUS was inaugurated, developments have been reported about staff, confusion, and crossfire from within this new administration. Now, with more than a year of experience as POTUS, continued disruption and misguided actions visible to the public are cause for concern. This book, largely written from a first hand perspective , brings to light a basis for all that we hear. The personality of the POTUS, lack of preparation, and tendency for knee-jerk reactions and propensity for defensiveness when challenged in any way is exposed. A worthy read for all...you just can't make this stuff up!
 A really quick read. Great book and well written. I wasn’t really surprised but a great telling non the less.
 Nothing too new to a reader of the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal.  To quote a clueless individual: "Sad."...not the writing of the book, just the contents.
 I just loved the story and the mayhem and craziness.  The only disappointment is that 45 seems to be one of those that craves and thrives on chaos!  But even for those types there's a downfall!  I've got the patience and it's almost Mueller Time!  This book was a GREAT "pick me up" when we were feeling a bit weary, job well done in resounding the call Michael, you've restarted the resistance and gathered the troops!!
 Worth reading, If 50% of what he wrote is true this is a very scary period of American history. This country is very divided &amp; this book points out why!
 Wolff's book is important for understanding Donald Trump and the motivations of those in the White House.  Very revealing!  Everyone should buy a copy and read it more than once.
 An interesting look into the chaos and warfare within the Trump White House. Much sounds like a more detailed version of what I'd already read in the Post and NY Times. A bit tabloid-ish. Got bored before the end but persevered. Seems to be as much about Bannon as it is about Trump, perhaps more so. Author clearly thinks the president is unintelligent and unfit for office. Lots of raw language. Advised my friends not to bother with it
 Good read! Very informative!
 If 5 percent of this book is accurate, it would be embarrassing for any other professional person in the world. This book is made more amazing if you remember while reading - there are clear numbers Americans who would support this person regardless of any of it.
 The author is more clever than I expected. The details presented grab your attention and stimulate your curiosity and awe.<br/>Michael Wolff provides a foundation for the who, what, how and why of Donald Trump. Lots of material for learning, discussion, criticism, investigation, fact checking, debate and awakening.<br/>A very interesting and important book. After all, Trump is the president.<br/>This book will be talked about for a long time. It has just started. Americans need to quit staring at phones and TVs and wake up.
 Unbelievable. The author obviously had access to many meetings, given the level of detail he is able to describe. And, of course, any Trump supporter is not going to believe anything, but if you have an open mind, this book will help you understand what is actually happening in the White House.
 Others have focused on issues related to fact-checking and the obvious point that sourcing is loose in many places. But the overall thrust does not appear to be disputed. The big problem with this book is that it really needed a lot more editorial attention. This is not just in the realm of copy editing and fact checking, but in the overall continuity of the narrative and the sudden appearance and disappearance of characters throughout the text. This might have been a device intended to mirror the chaos within the administration, but it just renders the whole book really confusing.
 Of course you have to read this.  The reporting from inside the Trump White House during 2017 paints a picture of a chaotic management style run amok.  The willingness of the people working there to openly discuss the situation shows how they accept it as normal, which of itself shows how few of these people have experience with normal.  This will probably be the basis for the movie when it is made.
 Nothing really new, but facinating to read this narrative of exeptional events. Very well written
 Very entertaining.  Everything sounds like it "could" be true.  We WANT it to be true.  Is it true? I take every story with many grains of salt. Much of it is clearly opinion. Still, very entertaining.
 May have inaccuracies but the overall flavor is revealing. A fast and easy and entertaining read. I recommend it for political junkies of all stripes.
 Trump tried to prevent the publication of this book for good reason: it documents how unqualified he is to be president. Even if, as the right alleges, half of it is untrue Wolff's description of the chaos in the White House and Trump's own stupidity are utterly damning. And Bannon excels in the combined roles of Rasputin, Svengali, and Goebbels. As 2018 opens one is forced to consider that the American experiment may well be over.<br/><br/>Incidentally, I would have given the book five stars had it been subject to the ministrations of a competent editor. It is rife with misspellings and grammatical howlers. There are so many homophone errors that I suspect much of it was dictated to speech recognition software and never reviewed.
 Not Pulitzer Prize writing, but fascinating storytelling.  While I think Wolff may have gone "on record"  with some who wanted to remain off the record, little that he has written has been denied by the principals.  It shows a West Wing in total chaos, with a phrase coming to mind from All the President's Men..."truth is, these weren't very bright men, and things just got out of hand."
 This book is an easy read, or, as it were, an easy listen. The bumbling Max Bialystok-Like Trump and the cast of nitwits who surround him are at least as awful as you thought they were. Wolff writes well and the narrative moves along at a blinding pace, just the way the administration has. The people around this buffoon are complicit in imperiling all of us. I hope that this book serves to shine more of a light on the situation. We should all be praying for this long National Nightmare to be over. Mr. Trump, to quote you, “If you’re listening,” know that I had to buy this book especially because you didn’t want me to. Nothing gets between me and my 1st ammendment rights. I hope that history looks at you as the cautionary tale that you are.
 If you want to get a book to read that can purely entertain you, this is it. I can not say I learned anything new, almost everything in this book has been repeated ad nauseam on TV. I honestly learned more about Bannon than Trump and well.... yuck! But enjoy :) BTW the Audible version is much more enjoyable (if this is a must read.)
 I cannot speak to the accuracy of the narrative, but it is an incredibly compelling read.  And it is probably a close to accurate as one could write - accuracy being a relative term when attempting to write about a swamp full of reptiles like the tRump administration.
 I hate our First Narcissist but Wolff did a lousy job supporting his assertions.  The level of writing is perhaps slightly above that of the UFO articles in supermarket papers.
 This book was thrilling in a nauseating way because it's not fiction.
 If you want an insiders look at Trump, you will not believe his behavior. Michael Wolff saw it all and sharing it with the public has made this an incredible book.  Trump is like a 3-year-old.  Laughed my ass off. Great reading!
 Honestly all you need is the headline.
 The book clearly ties together so many instances  of bizarre  behaviors  and beliefs by Trump and his "Revolving door staff".  If only 50% were accurate, Trump  should be impeached.
 Good read if you understand that some of this may or may not be exactly accurate. Worth the time except that in some parts the author skips around a bit. Incredible that these people are actually running the government.
 As a book, it's nothing to admire, but as a historical footnote, it may be worth owning. If Trump gets what he deserves, I will be proud to own a book that helped in some small way to remove that idiot from office. Kudos' to Wolff for stepping up.
 Highly recommend reading this if you've been interested in what has been going on in the White House.
 Definitely a page turner.  I follow the news constantly.  This book is very in tune with what we see and read in the news everday.  I can't say I'm totally convinced it is 100% accurate, but nothing is so outlandish in the book that it is inconceivable.  I would guess it's pretty accurate
 I read every word of the kindle version and enjoyed it very much!  Laughed a lot and probably should have cried as it is a story well told. It is hard to say how much is true and how much is made up but it rings true based on what we know about DJT and his cast of characters.  There are clearly factual errors, misspellings, and other faults here, as is can always be found in something rushed to press but I would still heartily recommend it to someone who enjoys this “behind the scenes kind of thing”. Unlike the author, and many of the commentators here I disagree that Trump Presidency is heading off a cliff or into a wall as many suggest as a result of his disintegrating mental health and the dysfunction of his office. While it may be true that he is a total nut case I don’t think it correlates at all with what can be accomplished while he is in office. In addition, I think that if HRC were president a similar story could have been told- possibly by the same author. The thing that strikes me the most and is almost comical if it wasn’t so sad is the level of greed and malice that politicians can possess. And in a world where they are so concerned with themselves and their own fortunes the plight of the average good American never comes on the radar. As was said in a similar time long ago as people starved in the streets- “Let them eat cake!”  This title is currently all the rage but in short order it will be forgotten. Happy reading!!
 So much fun to dig into, although I’ve only just begun reading it. The prologue opens with Steve Bannon charging into an Upper East Side dinner party, three hours late, and regaling Roger Ailes, et. al., about how he was going to re-order the globe, like he’s playing Risk or Battleship or something, barely acknowledging Candidate Trump as anything more than a playing piece. So great.
 Well written and insightful.  Also terrifying!
 The most frightening book you will ever read. Sorry Stephen King!
 Required reading.  The movie's going to be awesome.  Bannon is clearly the main leaker/talker in this tale and it's hilarious/terrifying.  He really does want to burn it all down and will go to any lengths to see that happen.  Jarvanka needs to be in jail.  Dumpster fire Presidency.
 Great read that you just don't want to put down.  I am not a fan of books about politics or politicians but I heard so much about this book that I just had to find out what all the noise was about.  The information isn't going to surprise anyone who has even remotely followed the trial and tribulations of the Trump presidency but it is still a fun read.  I simply can't imagine trying to function and accomplish something while working with Trump.  It is definitely worth purchasing and I very much enjoyed reading it.
 I mean, I hate myself a little more each day I read this but I think everyone needs to read it in order to really understand what is going on in the US right now. Would 100% recommend, just exercise a bit of self care when reading it, take breaks, go look at the sky every now and then, have some hot chocolate, try stay sane as best as possible.
 After following politics habitually via varied newspapers, magazines and cable tv, I was initially enthused by the prospect of engaging this book. Beyond the compelling revelations provided by effective author interviews and pre-released tidbits, there was a decidedly less resonant  overall effect left on this reader.
 Mr. Wolff's book confirms all the suspecitions that I thought was behind the Trump presidency.  My first thought, was to give Trump a chance, but after the airport fiasco, I knew that the republic was in for hurtful times.  I keep asking myself, "What would Romney do?"  But I see the utter chaos that is described in this book and see none of Romney's conservative, but at least moral ways.
 I liked the writing style. It is very readable. It seemed authentic because it merely fleshed out what I already suspected. However, it organized it very nicely, so you could see the competing spheres of influence at work in the Whitehouse. It underlined the dysfunction of both the administration and the President well. I think the author has been unfairly vilified. I'm sure he took some liberties with the details to imagine what people were thinking, what was said behind closed doors, and what people may have done, but the overall ambience seemed very credible. Steve Bannon obviously was a prolific source and much of the book focuses on his perspective and character. The author suggests that people just read the book and see if it makes sense. I would suggest the same thing.
 Shows who Trump really is. Dishonest and terrible person.
 This book reads as an honest and insightful account of the Trump presidency, taking the reader on a journey through each of the people who have leadership roles, and the experiences that lead them up to this point, and what they did when they got into office.  For all the buzz about it, I thought it would be a lot more sensational and filled with hyperbole, but in a lot of ways it is very down to earth.  Rather than showing Trump as an evil plotter and conniver, we get the picture of a very broken and angry soul who's way out of his depth, and the opportunists around his just trying to figure things out.  There are few redeeming characteristics of anyone involved, but there are also no super villains.  It seems comfortingly honest, allowing you to picture real people with no place in politics taking over the white house rather than some Machiavellian villains.  This is the crazy rich uncle and his yes men fumbling their way into the highest place of power in the nation, and the ultra rich backers who keep them in power to do their will.
 I'm not surprised at the information in this book. Worst pres. ever.
 This book is Simultaneously concerning and insightful. Detailed and thoughtful. Makes you really wonder about current leadership including motives, capabilities and ability.
 It somehow manages to pucker your sphincter, and act as a laxative all the same.<br/>Everytime I started to feel concerned, I just reminded myself that, everything will eventually be vaporized by our dying sun, and nothing matters. I felt better after that, and was able to enjoy the next chapter...
 It was very interesting. I believe the overall tone to be true. I realize the publisher was in a hurry to get the book out but too many editing errors.
 Frighting and fascinating all at once. Michael Wolff really put this horrible President and his administration into perspective!<br/>A must read.
 The book was all I expected and more: a vivid and totally believable recount of events that dominated the news last year from the perspective of an insider in the White House. At times the book was a bit repetitive and the style sloppy -perhaps it  was hastily written and edited. However, the book is mesmerizing and engaging and  offers a depressing and vivid portrait of our commander in chief and the White House leadership. Highly recommended.
 The content is interesting.<br/><br/>Mr. Wolff's writing style is excruciating.  If I want to feel stupid I'll try reading Aristotle.<br/><br/>Mr. Wolff has an affinity for marathon sentences.  Smart writers don't feel the need to exhibit their intelligence to the reader.  Rather, smart writers make reading an easy as well as enlightening experience.  The reader doesn't care if the author is brilliant or a dope, only that the content is credible and accurate.<br/><br/>So filling a book with typos doesn't help your argument for accuracy.<br/><br/>I understand the publisher's excitement in rushing this publication into distribution, but the typos were numerous.<br/><br/>The worst: the dropped "L" in discussing Mr. Bannon's first pubic experience.<br/><br/>That's pretty embarrassing.<br/><br/>Good editing is a essential to a good book.  And old school journalism profs stressed accuracy as evidence of credibility.<br/><br/>That's why I'm giving this book only three stars.
 Would of never bought this book because hearing or reading his name makes me cringe. I bought it because he tried to stop it from being sold.
 Wolf has reported his observations in this dysfunctional White House and painted a picture that reinforces and occasionally provides insight.  It is a snapshot of what anyone breathing was already aware.  Two points that result in a low rating:  He is one of "them" and reveals this in the way he reports his observations and the conclusions frequently drawn.  And he perpetuates the manipulation of history to serve not his goals but his buy-in to the fundamental decay of the GOP and their role in the election of this threat to the Republic.
 Reads like a pathetic soap opera.  It's shocking to see how such an incompetent human managed to steal the election and then screw up the most simple parts of being commander in chief.  Must read.
 The book is informative; ‘juicy’. Just finished Bob Woodward’s book, ‘Fear’.  Woodward’s book flows much nicer, and is also an informative read. I get the feeling though Wolfe spends a lot of time trying to impress us that he’s an intellect. The use of ‘big, complicated’ words, and overly long sentences is frustrating and unnecessary. For me, the writing style, working SO hard to show the reader how smart the author is takes away from the content he has to share, and my enjoyment of the book. If you choosing between this book and Woodward’s, pick Woodward’s.
 Wolff was clearly in the White House and had the access he said he had. Trump lies again.  Well worth reading.
 Well narrated...despite hoo ha aout Wolff and his accuracy apesrs to protray tRUMP accurately independent observation.
 This book is not salacious or some sort of Hollywood tell-all.  It is a well researched, well laid out and apparently accurate description of what is going on in the current White House.
 Great book, just remember he is reporting what he is told.  He does not attempt to claim everything is true only that it was truly told to him by people in the white house. Worth the price of the purchase and reading
 Fire and Fury is a fantastical, fast-paced and brilliant work exposing the Fresh Horrors Daily Presidency. The Right has summarily dismissed it as more Fake News, but every one else can peer behind the curtain and make up their own mind about its veracity. Even though I think he’s a political Sith Lord, Bannon comes across as brilliant and hilarious here. The rest of the Trump WH comes out like a band of circus freaks.
 I read this book while often having the liberal tv news in the background. It is scary that President Chaos is in office. He speaks his version of truth and it is so"white" and vile. Steve Bannon is even more vile. My hope is that this president is impeached before we go down with "Fire and Fury".
 I’m glad I bought it great read couldn’t put the book down and love the fact that I was able to not only get at a discount price because of the prepaid credit came right on time too
 I knew things were bad, but this book opened my eyes to JUST how bad things actually are in the current administration. Inexperienced, power-hungry people trying to control a man with horrific personality flaws. Sounds like a winning combo for the American people.
 What I read was the colors to the outline we have been getting from the daily news.  Chaos and instability are the foundation of this white house with a rabid ring leader on a loose chain.  This book gives us a look at chess pieces as they spin and fall from an overturned table we knew as democracy.  Great read.
 Even with its reputation for mixing flair with integrity, this book offers insight on the most astonishing White House in history. If you knew nothing about this President other than the tweets you've read, you'd still find the content rhyming with what you know but with details you never imagined.
 This is an interesting book. If you already believe Trump is unfit for the Oval Office, this helps validate that feeling. If you support Trump, I doubt if you will read it, or believe any part of it.<br/><br/>Michael Wolff had access to to the White House and the people close to Trump. He uses first hand knowledge, conversations, and hearsay to paint a picture of a man who many believe should not be President of the United States.<br/><br/>This review is not going to debate the issue of competency, but rather the writing in the book. Wolff repeats himself throughout the book and tends to ramble in parts. His sentence structure tends to be long and convoluted at times. The writing felt rushed and I was expecting deeper insights but was disappointed.<br/><br/>There is not very much in the book that the public does not already know or suspect, with one exception. I suspected Trump was easily manipulated by others but not to the extent Wolff describes. Especially by Jared Kushner and Ivanka, and at times Steve Bannon.<br/><br/>This one gets three stars. It is a good read, just failed to meet my expectation.
 A must read for ALL Americans especially those who are blind and support Trump.
 I Hate Trump, with a passion!!! Hence I LOVE this book.  That being said, the book does have some loose factual reporting in it, and much of it is a synopsis of things that were reported over the course of what one might describe as a horrendous abortion of the first year of president (I use that term loosely here) Trump.  However, there is some interesting reporting and on-the-record quotes from major players inside the white house which paints a picture of an amateur circus that is the administration and their policy making/decisions.  If nothing else, it gets under the thin-skinned president and I'm all for advancing that cause.
 Good read, not much different then what you see and hear on TV but some of the good stuff has been glossed over by the Trumpians trying to control with their spin.
 I knew it was bad, just not this bad. Then he holds an open meeting that proves that Mr. Wolff's book is true. #SCARY
 Reading this behind the scenes account brought the craziness of Trump’s campaign and the dysfunctional first year in office into clear focus.  What everyone suspected, was confirmed.
 While i did feel kinda trashy reading F+F, it was very insightful into the unfortunate current state of american politics.<br/><br/>People should know what is going on. Plus it has a kind of tabloid like appeal; sadly, its so outlandish and matches so well with the bizarre events we've all been witness to that it has to be true (plus noone in the book has substantively denied any of it) ;_;<br/><br/>highly recommend tho, very entertaining, very insightful, well written. In short, a great page turner and meaningful distraction
 am reading it now .....  wow.... what Jerk's  They all are!!!!!
 This book was well worth the money and the 11 days I had to wait for it.  Things are even worse than we thought and the caliber of people running the country is truly appalling.
 4/5: Oh God, where to begin... This glimpse of the first year of DJT's presidency is absolute madness, at one point I thought I was reading fiction but no, if all these facts are true I really can't fathom how these people are running the country. There will be elections soon in my country and it absolutely terrifies me since one of the running candidates is also a populist, demagogue liar.
 One can't be surprised... that when you associate with snakes you are going to get bitten. Michael Wolff writes an unbelievable story that rings true.
 Someone had to tell the facts about this WH; about the ongoing circus that is an embarassment to responsible citizens.  Well written overall.  So much in the book has been proven true.  And, I trust, will continue to be proven true.
 The book is a remarkable account of perhaps the most dysfunctional power center that ever existed. No matter what side of the center you’re on, you do not want the content of this book to be true. Having had said that, it has been written in a sneaky way, with quotes mingled articulately within opinions making it sound like a continuous truth telling or a factual expose’. Not far from it, though, the book is clearly written as an extended blog with gaping editorial guffaws. The sentence construct at places seem ridiculous with embedded parentheses making it almost impossible to find the initial premise and conclusion of the argument presented. The content itself however compensates for it being a painful read.  Rings true for most part, and depicts a likely Trump White House.
 Given today’s political climate, this is a must read.  Wolff tells the unseen story of Trump, the candidate, and Trump, the President.  It’s very eye-opening and gives readers a different perspective of this administration.  It’s a must read for supporters of the red and blue.
 There have been questions as to how much of this is true, but a lot of it has proven to be true.  Good insights into the machinations of the Trump cadre.  Very interesting and disturbing.
 Wolff takes all the headlines we already know, combines them with his fly-on-the wall perspective of the people involved, and creates a coherent and gripping story. Steve Bannon is a sympathetic--and tragic--villain. Trump is a reckless egomaniac, surrounded by a group of incompetent and highly ambitious courtiers and confidants. He's good at doing the voices too. And because this presidency is still only just over a year old, it adds to the suspense.<br/><br/>My favorite passages are where Bannon is talking freely about Jared and Ivanka. Good reading!
 If even half of this is true then our government is controlled by an impulsive narcissist in a raging manic fit for validation
 An excellent “who’s who?” of Trump’s first year in office. Told from the perspective of a “fly on the wall” in the West Wing and thereabouts, the author restrains himself from editorializing as much as humanly possible under the inane circumstances. Despite this author’s misguided and frequent flights into ungrammatical and pedestrian literary constructs, I think the average reader will benefit from tackling this importantly insightful and revelatory book.
 This book makes me mad everytime I try to read it. Ugh.
 A lot of Bannon’s voice. He and the president are in a race for most despicable, amoral/immoral, self-serving , unpatriotic, destructive individuals to impose themselves on a nation.
 U WILL so very much understand the current outrageous madness that we, as Americans, are expert I got.  THIS is why!!!  Truths often delivered with not necessarily intended)honor!!  I fell in total love with Michael Wolff'S brilliant writing style.  I MUST research to find wolff's other books!
 I was not going to buy this book, but decided to buy it when Trump tried to stop its publication.  I am glad I bought it because it helped bring some clarity as to what has been going on behind the scenes in the White House.  The book also provided background information about the cast of characters, and how they became involved with the campaign and the White House.  I generally tend to be skeptical, but I believe that the majority of what is in this book is true.  One criticism of the book is the writing style, which consists of many sentences broken up with dashes.  This writing style seemed disjointed and often required rereading of sentences to try to make sense of them.  Another criticism is that the author makes statements regarding thoughts, opinions and conclusions of various characters and White House staff, but does not explain the source.  Much of what is in the book has already been reported by journalists or documented in past interviews, but I think that this book adds some new perspective and helps us understand why events have occurred.
 I would never have bought this book had it not been for Trump’s efforts to halt its release.  I see it as a small price to pay in support of our First Amendment rights. In the words of Thomas Jefferson, “When the speech condemns a free press, you are hearing the words of a tyrant."
 Wolff helps to explain the irrational behavior of the Oval Office to anyone who is not corrupt, insane, greedy or otherwise compromised
 Wow! As someone said earlier, if only 5% is true, all i can say is wow! And then i cry becaise i dont know what else to do.
 Not as interesting as promoted<br/>Would not recommend. Too much second hand information.  It read more like a gossip column.<br/>Most of the issues have been covered in newspapers or cable news.
 I, like many, have been wanting to see what this book is all about. While I can pickup the author's disdain for Trump, it was more informative than attacking. Some very interesting inside perspective.
 Just got the book this morning and cannot put it down. I almost cancelled my order thinking that it would just be trashy and the most interesting parts would be in the papers. It is a well researched book although at time it is unclear who the source is. I mostly feel sorry for Trump. He must be the most miserable president this country ever had.
 A great depiction of the sheer chaos of the Trump White House. I had forgotten about half of the scandals by now. They just can’t stop.
 The story is revealing in that it exposes the dirty, back biting, struggle for power in politics and especially inside the White House.  It also affirms my belief that Trump, and family, are not capable of managing the office of President of the United States.  The amount of detail is overwhelming and perhaps excessive.  It's difficult to keep track of who's who and what their position is in the scheme of things.
 I can’t say I’m enjoying the read because the information in the book is so distressing.  I do, however, believe every word and I’m glad the author had the guts to write it. I watched a book panel with Wolff last night and it’s clear that he’s a truth teller.
 Gossipy, incisive, funny, and confirms what we all suspected. The sections on Jarvanka, Bannon, and Hicks are devastating. Highly recommend!
 Great book. I now know that Trump and team never expected to win the election. However, with a little help from his KGB friend, he's now running the free world!! What a time to be alive.
 Fun well-written read.  No way to be completely sure that it's 100% factual, but it all has the ring of truth.  So much has been already spilled by Whitehouse leaks previously that this book now just gives more background and detail around things.  Engrossing no matter what you think of the prez and his administration.  Sad for America but at least we all know what we're dealing with.
 Set against a backdrop of incoherent speeches and childlike impulsive decisions, this book gives a voice to what readers can only imagine the people closest to Trump were thinking.  Mostly along the lines of “What the hell did I get myself into?”  Reading this book is alarming, but not very surprising.  I feel angrier at the people who allowed Trump to happen and those who accepted places in his government.  They turned their backs on the welfare of their country.  They aided and abetted a man who is clearly unfit to be President.  The book did have some minor editorial issues.  It is more like a final draft than a published book, but the information it contains, the way it puts certain events in context, make it important reading in these dangerous times.  The American people deserve full disclosure.
 I think most of us have become accustomed to hearing or reading about the crazy things that are occurring on an almost daily basis in the Trump White House. This book just retells some of those stories in a bit more detail. There are no groundbreaking revelations in these pages, and there is nothing shocking. It's just the usual Trump Administration stuff that's always in the news. I was a bit disappointed in this book due to the hype it received. Oh well, it's still better than watching "reality" TV.
 How much to believe isn't important ... the events that played out in real time while I was reading it are enough to demonstrate plausibility.  Hopefully this to shall pass ...
 Fortunately Donald Trump cannot obstruct the first amendment.  He cannot lie his way out of a  special counsel investigation. While he can try to - through his twitter tirades - bully and discredit courts of the Southern District, he cannot fire them or their prosecutors. Every American can witness the strength of an independent judiciary,<br/>one of the best guarantees of our democracy.
 Right on target......should get award for predicting the future.
 What a bunch of jerks they all are - I'd like to know the collective payroll that they charge to the taxpaying public, and by that I mean all of the working stiffs, not the elite that the WH represents.
 I purchased this in audio book format.  If you are looking for a salacious, National Enquirer read.... just tune in to cable news.  (They have to sell advertising...no shame).  This is a succinct account of the election's lead up, and the stunned realization of Trump"s win by his election staff and the likes of Rupert Murdock and Roger Ailes. The collective "what now" of those wishing to cash in on the adventure, rather than the spoils being a low-paying job at the White House, is framed with a historic sensibility.  The book is sold-out in a single day.  Must say, those decrying its contents, without availing themselves to reading it, cover-to-cover, add nothing but a jaunticed-eye opinion.... nothing more.
 Note worthy book to begin to understand the chaos that is Donald Trump.<br/>We must use this book as a reason to never Trump..or be destined to loose our beautiful democracy. God help us if we do!<br/>Definitely a must read.
 It is a good reading material if you are  trump supporter or not. It give you insight about what is actually going on in the white house before and after the elections.
 Best book on the market right now showing what true criminals Trump and his clan really are.
 I. Can't. Put. It. Down!!!
 I am still reading it, almost finished, and I am really impressed that the author didn’t have to put in cheap stuff about Trump’s sex life, it was so interesting and I’m loving it because it really shows how we have gotten to this point, a very, very dumb and disgusting president. I also, even though I don’t and never did like Bannon, think he is very smart and his remarks are hilarious !
 A good view into the chaos and train wreck this White House is. Interesting to see how many people have fallen wayside in this administration. I long for the boring days of past administrations.
 This book is an absolute must-have for those wondering about just how bad it is in the Trump White House.  The obvious main source for this book is Steve Bannon, so read his passages with a  grain of salt.  However, it still shows how fortunate we all are that the chaos of the current West Wing has prevented all of the factions at play here, including Bannon's, from doing far, far more harm.
 If you read "liberal" newspapers, you probably think you have read most everything potentially troubling about Trump's administration. Trust me, you have not.
 Great reading! Even scarier seeing all the terrible things you thought about this candidate and his Presidency condensed and cited by the "insiders" who made this news.
 A very interesting book. If 1/4 is true, this country is in deep trouble. An emperor wanna be with jesters and fools for aides.
 I liked feeling like the book gave a better picture of what has gone on at the White House.  We hear a lot of things on the but can’t figure out the origin of the information.  Wolff has to have used poetic license, but much of what he wrote seems to ring true when compared with what leaked out into the news.  I would recommend this book to other readers.
 Don't waste your money.
 After reading this book I’m amazed that Trump has lasted this long as President. The Republican Party leaders, Ryan and McConnell, turn a blind eye to this White House circus as long as they have a “President who will sign anything they put in front of him”. Trump is a child like bully who thrives on constant, in the moment, praise. He is neither intelligent or a deal maker. He appears to be constantly out of touch and delusional. To me, it seems like Trump is acting in another reality TV show where the only thing that matters is his ratings. He is truly unfit for this office and remains a constant threat to our free press and our Democracy.
 A reporter does what reporters do -- this book has become a best seller for those who wonder what's really going on and a jealousy magnet for many TV talking heads. Yes it could have used a copy editor, yes it could have used a proofreader and yes the book was rushed to print by people desperate to publish this first. This is a first stab at the first draft of history and it will stand.
 Wolff is upfront about the conventions he is going to use: verbatim and in quotes; deep-background "a disembodied description of events by an unnamed witness to them";  "a first quote with the understanding that it was not for attribution". Well, sometimes difficult to sort through all that stuff, especially when Wolff mixes and mashes and interprets. Stunning what he observed and what people were willing to say to him (on the record!). A strange mixture of interpretation, anxious questioning, gleeful wonder and bosting hubris.
 I just finished (Kindle edition).  Wolff largely confirms what anyone with a pulse already knows.  The man occupying our nation's highest office has the temperament of a two year old.  But that's not what the book is really about.  On the contrary, Wolff' primary focus is what the men and women who have the task of caring for this two year old think of him. And the answer is damning.
 Michael Wolff has written a thoroughly entertaining book about the train wreck that is the Trump White House. He has a gift for capturing the feel and context of the people we have been watching with a mix of horror and shock over the past year. So far everything rings absolutely true, and it’s a nice narrative reminder that we have a constitutional crisis on our hands.
 The writing is messy and dense. There is little that isn’t just a revisit to what’s out there. What’s fascinating is the toxic ego of Bannon, which oozes thru most of the good stuff. What an idiot he is. Probably moreso than Trump, who at least knows how to play his character. Too bad he believes in nothing except destruction. Which is what united him to Bannon in the first place.
 This book goes a long way in explaining the paradoxes and seeming craziness of Donald Trump's election and White House behavior.  It seems to be as seen through the irreverent eyes of Steve Bannon.  Yet much of it rings true if a bit biased.  Well worth reading and cleverly and humorously written.  I admire the way the author can synthesize and summarize quite complex political and legal scenarios with finesse  and elan.
 I liked the evaluative comments about the Trump White House, that they are really as inept and stupid as they seem. Overall, the book was poorly written, repetitious, and had basically been discussed prior on MSNBC
 This was a good read though with some problematic  editing. I would give the book a higher rating if I knew the book were true or were simply fiction. Its a great story. And it certainly tracks with what we can see on the news. I won't hold my breath that this book will change anything. It won't change anyone's mind.
 What a book!  It reads like a novel and compels the reader to keep going.  with all the hype before it was released, I was prepared to be just a little critical, but that lasted for all the time it took to turn a few pages.  It was very difficult to put this book down.  Wolfe crafts a detailed picture of a disturbed, ill-equipped, petty tyrant and the ridiculous cast of characters who have fawned over his every breath and turned the White House into a chaotic funny farm.  Even more disturbing is the fact that this overgrown toddler has his finger on the nuclear football and there are few, if any, around him who have the courage to stop him.  It will keep you up nights long after you read it, but if you care about our country,you need this book.
 You couldn’t make this up.  The author relates in calm detail the infighting between the factions in the President’s entourage while giving a well defined insight into the person least suited for the office he holds.
 Trump is an orange buffoon who deserves everything written in this book and more. That being said he was right about this: the book was a little boring at times. But, buy it for the sole reason that it pisses off Trump.
 WOW! Amazing account of this person in the White House and the ridiculous “reality show” we are all forced to live in.<br/>Thanks Michael<br/>Nick Charles
 I'm sure that the criticisms of Michael Wolff's work are legitimate: that he's journalistically sloppy, plays fast-and-loose with facts, and shapes reality to suit his own biases. In that respect, he sounds very much like the subject of this excellent, top-notch book -- a book which, despite its problems, nevertheless rings absolutely truthful (or, as Stephen Colbert might put it, "truthy").
 While the accuracy of every word has been questioned, I think the book provides valuable insight to the chaos in the WH.  Most notably, the warring factions that underlie the dysfunction.
 You'll laugh!<br/>You'll cry!<br/>You'll want to puke<br/><br/>This expose' reads like a darkly comic soap opera, with a cast of characters too bizarre to be believable.  And it's not just Trump.  There's Ivanka and Jared, Steve Bannon, Reince Preibus, and a host of lesser characters, each on a personal power trip.  They go after one another fang and claw, as they try to contain and control the Orange Pig.<br/><br/>But it is to no avail.  It is the Keystone Kops in the White House.  It is the Ship of State run by fools.<br/><br/>The fate of the country hangs in the balance.
 This book offers a nicely detailed chain of events; which for the most part we have witnessed. But, if we accept everything as told by the author, this book describes some really interesting and even scary information about President Trump and his administration.
 This is one of the most well-written narratives I have ever read. The Harvard vocabulary of Mr. Wolff was more that impressive. To be honest, I sensed that Mr. Wolff was not a "Trumpkin"; however you can't make all this shit up. It's like l had an idea some bad stuff was going on and Michael invited me to come in and have a seat and make my own decisions. Pretty skillful. Don't critique the book unless you have read it. Whew!!!!!
 A timely book that makes you feel in the House while the actors play their role. A sense of the chaos and knife sharpening pervades the text. Good luck assimilating this into your political views.  Worth every dime!!  Cactus Ken
 Could not put it down.  Started reading as soon as I received it.  Not the best written book, but there are enough revelations that are probably true that are alarming.  Anyone watching this administration can't help but think that this book is pretty accurate.
 Excellent book.  The situation is bad and worst than you imagined.
 Captivating book! Though there's been a lot of controversy about it, following the news as avidly as I do (through reliable, reputable venues), I find it all completely credible. Although I knew most of the issues addressed in the book, Wolff definitely fleshed out the details well. I'm glad I read it, and would recommend it to everyone, regardless of political bent.
 I bought this book wondering what it would reveal and find that a house divided is still standing. I'm convinced that extreme views are bad for the country, but so is business as usual! Hopefully there is a middle ground that will look out for the people of this country and get past personal agendas, self gain and believing that the world revolves around them.
 ...this is well worth the reading.  If you go on the premise, as I have, that Wolff has notes and recordings to back up his writing, then there is a high degree of likelihood that more than 95% of this recounting is accurate.
 It is difficult to decide whether this is a fact based book or a very good fictionalized version of the ongoing presidential term. Much of the tenor confirms the reports and editorials in the mainstream news, but specific quotes cannot be confirmed. I would recommend this book to people who are less concerned with facts but enjoy books of political intrigue.  While titillating, it should be taken with a grain of salt.
 I bought this book as a result of the Trump staff reaction to it... but honestly if you pay attention to the news and Trump in the media this book isn't going to be revolutionary and frankly it was hardly worth the read. I suppose it will be a nice historical piece for 10 years down the line.
 Although there are certainly typos, errors and a lot of opinions instead of facts, this a lot of entertainment. The more you dislike the Trump phenom, family and friends the more you’ll enjoy this book.
 I didn’t like any of it really.  The book was well written and absorbing.  But it is truly frightening to learn of such incompetent people with so much power in their hands trying to govern a modern democracy.  Unfortunately there are many such examples in other parts of the world.  Why is it that competent, well meaning people seem to steer clear of politics, or else aren’t very good at it and don’t get elected?
 If anything he's overly kind to Trump and strangely, Neo-Nazi Bannon comes off as one of the more sane, sympathetic figures in the White House.
 Idiot president well described with circus atmosphere in White House. Not particularly well written. If you are a Trump supporter you will not likely want to read it. If you are a Trump hater, you will find it amusing and sad. But you will not likely be surprised by anything in the book.
 Entertaining book.. If even a bit of what is said in the book is true, we are in a heap of trouble in these upcoming years.
 Not as well written as I had anticipated.  I expect the writing and editing were rushed to get the book out in print while the news was fresh.  However, it is a fast read and I found it well worth reading because it put the whole story together in reasonably clear perspective.  If you haven't read it yet, you may find that it is all already old news.
 This is an an acute observation of the Trump Whitehouse: anecdotal but first hand, chaos from the couch. It is fun to read like a good Vanity Fair article. It was written and published in a hurry but it is timely and so so disheartening. This President may, unless a miracle transofromarion occurs,<br/>be the worst mistake America has ever had.
 This is just a scary book. I cannot believe we elected this man, and his cast of characters. (I take no blame!)
 I didn't expect the insight and analysis. I simply expected a harsh critique of the Trump White House. Instead, I found that a) Wolff is terrific writer with a nice command of language and imagery and b) he provides a good deal of dissection of the how and why's of this disturbing phenomenon. Also refreshing, he's always ready to be critical of both sides. Because honestly, the Republicans are not the only sinners here. Trump is a product of the mass media. Wolff is an expert on the mass media. It's almost more than what I bargained for, because in the end, the final verdict is very scary. There is no "there" there. It's like a nightmare I would have when I was little: I'm in the back seat of my parents car, we're driving somewhere and then I look up at the front seat...and no one's driving! That's where we are at in this "frightening moment in history." Wolff did his research. He isn't guessing. He knows what he's talking about. We may not want to hear it, but here it is.
 Well written expose of the trumpian White House. You really wonder how it could be this bad. The only consolation is that with Hillary, we would be talking emails and The Clinton foundation all the time. Pest or cholera?
 This book is a hilarious guilty pleasure. It’s a gossipy tell all that provides some laughs in a this terrifying bizarro world America finds itself in.
 The only thing more enjoyable than reading this book was watching the Trump Administration give it credibility.  I got to the part where it describes Stephen Miller as someone who couldn't be taken out in public without screeching grievances, and about choked on my coffee when he did exactly this 20 minutes later talking to Jake Tapper on TV.  There is no way the anecdotes in this book aren't true.  Not to mention that Trump is mad at Bannon over this whole thing, that's not a dead give away.<br/><br/>Oh yeah, the book is actually well written, and an enjoyable read, even aside from the self-immolating subject matter it covers.
 This is a fast paced, informative book about the underpinnings of the trump white house. It has all the stuff the news skipped over and the real reasons things happened as they did.
 This book was informative and I have no trouble believing its contents.  The closer I got to the end, the more I felt as if I were covered in filth and needed a good hot shower.
 Really quite boring--and this is coming from a person who dislikes the current president immensely. The author is setting the stage to let Trump off the hook for obstruction/collusion/whatever heinous act he's committed by telling the reader he's too stupid to know what he's doing. If that's true, then the Peter Principle is alive and well and living in the White House. If you've been watching the news, you''ve heard this all before--nothing to see here, folks. Move along...
 Excellent resource, but not nearly as provocative as I would have expected, following all the hype.  Still, worth getting and reading for all the amazingly detailed conversations.
 This pretty much confirms what I'd pieced together from the daily articles on this mess: an idiot surrounded by clowns.<br/>If you're interested in a fly on the wall perspective on this comedy of errors, this is the book for you.<br/>Well written and a fun read.
 Very insightful as to divisions within the White House staff. Confirmed what we already know about Trump. He's a con man with no morals. He's no stable genius! Definitely recommend spending the time to read this book.
 It’s a page turner! If only 20% is true, Trump’s administration is a mess! (Duh) I suspect it’s closer to 60% true though.  Some things don’t pass the sniff test but most do.  In any case, I read through this book as if it were an issue of Us Weekly. It might be true, and then again, it might not. Just relax and enjoy the book for what it is – pure entertainment.
 Despite the conflicting reports about this book, read this. Draw your own conclusions. You won’t be able to put it down.
 So many places to begin.  Trump is not my BFF/FAV buddy.  Seeing him trash America like has done for his life kills me inside.  Love reading about how screwed up things are for him, how he gets what he deserve.  If he headed back to his gold plated trump tower and not meddle in politics, the world would be better.
 It reads like a novel.  I really enjoyed it.  Michael Wolff's insights and observations are great!
 i thought i would find this book a "fun" read......i was wrong.  i was so depressed by the information.....not the silly stuff,  but the fact that everyone knew from the start that this man was a terrible choice for the office, but pushed forward anyway.....each for his or her own reasons......
 I cannot imagine what an American reader would think of what is disclosed but, as a foreigner, I found myself roaring with laughter after most paragraphs, then thinking "OMG! ". By providing so many direct quotes, Michael Wolff has written an extraordinary and terrifying history.<br/><br/>Personally, I am now satisfied that my US friends will never claim that theirs is the most perfect example of democracy in the world. That's a plus!
 I was shocked at many of the revelations.  Even if it can't all be proven credible, there's smoke and there's fire in this book.
 Michael Wolff is more than a writer.  He is a courageous man, that has written what others have been afraid to speak on, let alone discuss.<br/>This is a man that speaks for the America most of us know and love.  Kudos to you Mr. Wolff!!!
 Great read! Not a frontal attack on Trump at all and does not contain editorializing...but is an impressionistic masterpiece that through anecdote and story telling leaves you feeling like you know the guy. A simple but psychologically complex man who seems to have a number of persona's and serious pathologies that you are infuriated with but at other times can understand that one on one he seems like such a great guy to be around. I guess I could understand why guys like Lindsey Graham could go from being a thoughtful critic of him to a great friend after playing golf with him. Like many successful conmen he makes people one on one feel like he is a harmless baby who cares about you and you can't believe under his spell he could hurt a fly or be guilty of anything. And I think when he is in his angelic mode he is not faking it. He is just schizo! Not a manipulator like Eddie Haskell, but a true shapeshifter of psychopathic proportions.
 While this book is a good read, at the same time, it is a depressing confirmation of what any thinking person intuitively knew. This is a slow-motion train wreck with the potential to destroy American institutions, and cause irreversible harm to people both domestically and internationally.
 Written in an entertaining manner, Wolff did a great job illustrating how crazy our president is as well as his family and staff.
 Outstanding expose of the most illiterate, ignorant, grasping and shamelessly arrogant, greedy men who make up this most criminal Administration of modern times.
 I have needed a good laugh and although it paints a pathetic picture of the politics inside OUR beloved White House, it is well written.
 "GOD HELP US ALL" should be the real title of the book.  No doubt, Mr. Trump gave us "The Apprentice", and has become the PT Barnum of our age with a new reality show 3 ring circus being run out of the white house.  I thought I knew enough about him and his cast of characters running our government from the ceaseless cable news coverage night after night.  I was wrong.  It's worse.
 Michael Wolff's account of the Trump administration is truly frightening and amazing. He managed to get behind the scenes access to the West Wing and got his sources to open up about their perspective on the alarming events and backstabbing that seem so pervasive in this administration. Not all of it is completely believable and there have been many accusations of inaccuracy and distortion leveled at the book. Wolff admits that he was relying on the differing  perspectives and experiences of his hundreds of sources and leaving it to the reader to sort it all out. That seems like a lot to ask, but it is fair in a way, given the heightened sense of partisanship right now. Even though the book only came out a couple of months ago, it seems like the continuing spate of wild events in the administration have quickly outdated it. Yet it remains relevant as it sheds light on many of the current players in the administration and how they are seem by others who either remain there, have left, or are on their way out. All in all, an amazing piece of reportage, despite its flaws.
 I'm not particularly fond of the author's writing style, but did find the book interestingly. I'm not confident his writing will be valued by historians who study the Trump presidency later. I did find the book to be gossipy and interesting, though.
 A real page-turner regardless of one's political views. I highly recommend this book to anyone who is trying to make sense of this administration. And who isn't???
 Liked the most: The data supporting the reality of the dysfunctional Trump White House.  Liked the least: Thank goodness I read the Kindle version so I could check vocabulary.  In many cases, the Kindle definitions did not fit contextually with the message the author was attempting to convey.  The use of superfluous (defined as "more than required.")  vocabulary was overdone!  Apparently Mr. Wolf was more interested in impressing readers with his knowledge of the English language than of exposing the dysfunctionality of the Trump White House.  The overuse of superfluous vocabulary by any author detracts from the continuity of the message.  I've heard Michael Wolff interviewed on MSNBC; he did not use superfluous vocabulary during his interview.
 Reading it now and pretty sucked in. Yeah, we all had hunches what was going on behind the scenes was probably madness and ineptitude at the highest order, but to finally know that your hunch was right - and that it was all that and more - is strangely affirming. Plus we only saw the outward versions of some of the players so to get insights on who they were when not in front of the camera is enlightening as well. I also agree with what others are saying about this being a important documentation of this very bizarre point in time for our country.
 No real surprises here, for close followers of credible news sources, Wolff’s fly-on-the-wall account is shocking largely for the actual situation it relates.
 Wolff provides a powerful and insightful look at the Chaos known as Trump.  While a critic might suggest  you should ignore the book as there are parts that are inaccurate...the fact of the matter is that you can read it and appreciate that the majority of it is accurate.  The man is totally unfit to be in government...let alone occupy the office of the President.  Wolff's done us a great service.  Worth your time and money
 Although the inside information about the campaign and White House is interesting from a people-you-know-from-the-news angle, the book was kind of a long slog. Wolf’s sentence structure is downright torturous at times making the reading painful.  I was hoping for a more engaging narrative style in the literary journalism style backed up by real scenes and dialogue, but found most of the content simply supposition.  Supposition or gossipy stories isn’t necessarily untrue.  After all, it’s what probably draws most people to the book, including me.  But I was hoping for a better journalistic approach that would lead the reader to his own conclusions about this disastrous presidency.  Had Trump and Sanders not made such a public fuss about the book, even going so far as to trying to stop its publication, it probably wouldn’t have stayed in the spotlight for so long.
 Concerning that this is a reflection of our president, his state of mind, and his intelligence. I hope this book is more fiction than truth, because if not, that is truly terrifying.
 Interesting and disturbing account of the chaos and personalities inside the White House.  If the reporting is accurate, God help us.
 Even if 20% of this book were accurate, it would still be monumentally damaging.  Not a lot of "new" info, just confirming what common sense and observation long suspected. Still, an entertaining read, though.
 Sitting back and getting annoyed at why so many apparent smart, high level and well thought of career politicians seems to be buying into so much nonsense is what brought me to this book.  I now have alot of insight as to how and why this mess is continuing. Sure doesn’t solve any problems but gave me some understanding.
 if it is 75 Percent accurate then we are all screwed. Good narration from the author.
 This book was hyped to the extreme. It confirmed my assessment of Trump but the book was actually more about Bannon. Hope they all go to jail for a very long time. I noticed in Costco that the book was turned upside down by someone who didn't want it to be seen. Wow. Get it at the library or borrow it. Still worth reading.
 I can’t want to see the net results in 2018. Makes everything so much easier to understand, but still had me laughing.
 Watching from the outside--the nightly news , the breathless commentary  by Rachel Maddow and Laurence O'Donnell on MSNBC it is exciting to feel we are privileged with the inside view.  Heavily slanted towards Bannon, who probably was the major source,
 Fascinating book, easy read a real pager turner, can't wait to find out what happens next, hard to put down. Much of what is currently unfolding in the Trump administration c0nfirms what is in the book.
 A lot of the content we’ve heard and know but it was a confirmation of what we know and suspected.<br/>Great book- interesting!
 Fabulous book!!  This really demonstrates the racist, sexist, narcissistic, inept, unqualified person who is, unfortunately, the “leader of the free world”.  God help us all.  2020 will never come soon enough.
 Provides everything it promises, exposing just how ill-prepared this idiot-in-Chief was in assuming the office of the president of these United States.
 Michael Wolff is my hero.
 I bought it  because  Trump wanted it stopped. Censorship of any kind  is not  on my radar.  The book was interesting  and  rather chatty  in format. Quick read.  If  even half of it is true, confirms  what we all know , chaos  reigns.
 This report from a front row observer confirmed worst fears about an unconventional and unprepared group that has flipped the apple cart. Trump and his band of extremists are exposed. Wow!
 I liked reading the backstory of all that moved Donald Trump toward election as President. I appreciated coming to know the reality of the Trump family--who and what each of them is.<br/><br/>If I disliked any aspect of the book it would have been my occasional question as to whether all of it was true as written. But it was a great read and I am recommending it to everyone.
 Reading this really explained a lot. Now I truly believe everything I thought was going on in our White House.
 Whoa!  pretty much expected this.  Lots of info already out, but some was a surprise.
 $15 to support the First Amendment. Done. I honestly would never normally buy a book like this, except I want so badly to see it become a #1 best seller with thousands of 5-star reviews.
 This a no nonsense approach for anyone seeking confirmation of what most of us already know. Our government is a circus and trump is the lead clown. Good read.
 Reading this book has just enforced what I was seeing.  The book is a very good read.  I enjoyed it.  Some people claim it’s not true. Whether fiction or true, I enjoyed reading it and I claim it as true.<br/>We must all vote.  We must all vote for people that will support this Nation. It’s sad to see and hear people say they didn’t vote because they didn’t like the candidates.  You must vote to prevent AMERICA from what we are in now. If you didn’t vote, you can’t complain (in my opinion).<br/>As you have seen the president has loyalty only to himself. So, make it your loyalty to yourselves to vote.<br/>I suggest everyone (especially if you didn’t vote) to read it and think about it. Is this who you want to represent you and America?<br/><br/>This review is my opinion
 Learning more about Trump's campaign and presidency was interesting.  Now I know it's even worse than I thought.  Sadly, we can't know how much of it is accurate.
 While some facts and timing of events have been disputed this book seems to give an accurate picture of the chaos within the Trump Administration.  While DJT said he would staff his administration with "the very best people" we see that their lack of experience and overall incompetence, not to mention the infighting, resulted in the worst White House operation in recent history.  Perhaps ever!  Since the book was published more and more members of his administration have left while the Special Council uncovers more evidence of criminal behavior.  The book is written in a fast moving narrative that never leaves the reader bored.  I believe its a great primer for what is to come as the Trump Administration unwinds and goes down in history as a national disgrace.
 Interesting read.  While he acknowledges taking some liberties with his writing, the fact that nobody mentioned in the book has refuted his words,(except the orange dope) tells me it’s true.
 Most things written in this book we already knew. I am afraid for all of us! We have a president that was unfit for office from day 1.
 I loved this book so much I read it twice. I found the author's writing rather cerebral.  He used words I haven't ever heard and I have read a lot. He covered everything we have been told on cable news, but in greater depth. Speaking of Ivanka Trump, Wolf said,"She treated her father with some lightness, even irony, and in at least one TV interview she made fun of his comb-over."  And, later, another quote, "Father and Daughter got along almost peculiarly well. She was the real mini-Trump.....she accepted him. She was a helper not just in his business dealing, but in his marital realignments.  She facilitated entrances and exits."
 Good Listen (audio book version). I have three books opened already so I purchased this one as an audio book to listen to while driving around.<br/><br/>Very compelling and eye opening information. It provides a fly on the wall kind of experience that the author was trying to instill into the reader/listener.  Some very interesting points are made that help you gain further insight into the motivations and psychological idiosyncrasies of the players in the Trump White House. After listening to three hours of this 11 hour audio book I am riveted in my continuation to listen as each day unveils more of this nightmarish drama on television. The book provides an enlightenment that helps to bring a better understanding of what drives this man that so many foolishly voted in as president of the United States.<br/><br/>The book paints Trump as a narcissistic genius, who didn't understand his own power of persuasion of the masses. His of lack of presence-of-being and his control of the media is an alarm sounding. America needs to stop looking at celebrities as saviors of the universe. The corruption of American politics is encompassing, however we can not even start to think of eliminating this corruption when we ask the wolves to guard the sheep.<br/><br/>Even if 1/3 of what this author writes is true, it is enough for everyone to be concerned with the presidency of Trump. I am deeply concerned for our country.
 I would recommend to anyone who has some doubt about how bat-shit crazy this administration really behaves. I so miss President Obama!
 Simple to read, in a gossipy sort of way.  Pretty much sums up the president as we see him daily or read his tweets. Nothing is really a surprise, except how many of his friends and associates realized how he was not capable of running the country and were dazed when they realized he won - as he was.  No one expected him to win.  Just to make a statement.  Kind of sad.
 Oh. My. God.
 I enjoyed reading all the details behind the stories and facts that we already know about this president.  Every time he  opens his mouth or tweets, he proves this author is honest.
 A must read. One of the first of many books that will be written about this president and has the ring of truth. Fast read.
 Jokes aside, I couldn’t get past chapter 12 before I lost interest. It was informative, but after a while, it became the same story over and over again.
 Yes, reading this book is as riveting as watching a building burn down , or a train wreck, or a 20 car pile up on the interstate. All of these things this administration is, and much, much worse. There are some passages that are evident speculation, as the author could not have been in the room to record private conversations between two people, but the rest of it has a deafening ring of truth.
 Bought the book because President Trump wanted to ban it!<br/>I strongly believe in the free press!
 About what I expected. As much an indictment of Bannon as anything.
 A very insightful read into the true and complicated chaos of the Bannon-led, Trump-inspired movement that has begun to turn America from a true democratic bastion it was into something like a Central American dictatorship we had once fought under President Ronald Reagan. It is truly ironic that Republicans still consider Reagan their “hero”, but today back something that he fought so hard (even illegally- think “Iran-Contras”) to totally destroy. Even Ollie North, if he still has any conscience left even after his pardon, must be dismayed, and we do know how Bill Crystal feels.
 Entertaining but disturbing story that you can only hope has a lot of fiction in it.  It doesn't present a good picture of where this administration will take the United States and it certainly doesn't alleviate any concerns you may have had about it ... it really reinforces those concerns
 Am excellent read, I could not put it down. It's a must read for any political junkie no matter where you views may lie.
 Highly recommended!  I expected a trashy potboiler but what I got was a gripping, serious read.  Wolff comes across a little flaky in his TV interviews but I was very surprised by the quality of the writing--and I'm a picky, hyper critical reader.  I learned a lot and couldn't put it down -- and was sad when it ended.  I hesitated to buy the book at first because I figured that all the "good" quotes were being aired on TV.  Not so.  There's a lot in here that helped me understand much more than I already knew about the goings-in in the Trump Whitehouse.  Wolff is very insightful.  This doesn't read like a hatchett job; instead, I feels like a realistic portrayal written by a serious author who was (and is) seriously alarmed about the situation in the West Wing.  Everyone should read this book.
 This book is an excellent read in and of itself.  It opens up the doors of the stale DJT White House and the skeletons come tumbling out.  I earned the $15 I paid for this book; daddy didn't give it to me. And $15 to support the 1st Amendment is a solid purchase.
 Fantastic read.  Michael Wolff clearly paints a totally accurate picture.  We witness the Trump insanity every day of our lives.
 Essential reading for anyone who cares at all about where our country is heading.<br/>Still not a fan of the audiobook format (I can read more quickly than that) but the content is important, and will be, for decades to come.
 I only bought this book because of the President’s attempts to suppress it. I once took an oath to uphold the constitution and I take that oath seriously. What’s going on in the White House is appalling. I hope  the Republican members of Congress remember the oaths they once took and take steps to protect the constitution and our democracy.
 I ordered from Amazon because I thought I could get it right after it came out, but it took over a week before I received it.  I understand that it was in great demand, but by the time I received it, it was already available at Costco at half the price.  Also by this time, the contents were already widely discussed on MSNBC, CNN, et c., and reading it was like rehashing free content on cable and Washington Post.  Oh well, let me entomb it now in a little corner of my bookcase together with the Starr Report.
 EXCELLENT! Thoroughly enjoyable read. Hopefully it will wake some people up and drag them into reality. The Emperor's New Clothes for the 21st century. Well worth the money.
 Good, but I won't buy anything else at Amazon as long as they are linked to the NRA&gt;
 This book was a good insight into a what started and continues to be a corrupt, undisciplined, inexperienced, unwillingness to learn nightmare this country has to endure for hopefully less than 4-years. Sadly it's not only the person degrading the office of the Presidency but all of his corrupt cronies in and outside of the administration! Everyone should read this book with a open and not a partisan mind then value your patriotism based on how you view or believe this book...
 I don't know how much of this book is true or accurate, but Mr. Wolff sure knows how to write. A great read.
 Really opened my eyes to what is going on
 I liked the insights provided about the infighting within the white house.<br/>The thing I liked the least was that I had to lookup the meaning of a lot of words, but they did help to provide an accurate description when I took the time to explore their definitions. The e-book format was very helpful in displaying the definitions.
 Well written and well researched.  Most interesting.  I would definitely read other books by this author.  Unfortunately there was not a lot in this book I found myself finding hard to believe.  Sadly.
 Great book
 OK, I am a Christian Socialist (AKA Bleeding heart Liberal) If only half is true, our country is in grave trouble ...
 The author tells it like he sees it.  It is not very complimentary to our president but it paints a picture of him that is probably very realistic.  I look forward to reading about Trump's second year by this author.
 Don't really care for the authors writing style. Uses many, many big or unheard of words making it difficult to follow. I got half way thru and am now bored. A lot of hype, made him a lot of money, but the book ( what I read) was a disappointment
 I thought this was a tell all book. Not so, well written and very engaging. A comedy and tragedy combined.
 This is a sad beginning for a president who was not familiar with Washington politics. The author describes the different factions and their agendas as well as reach group's opinion of the leader's ability to govern. It is a picture of what voters get when electing someone from outside the beltway who has no experience in government.
 Does a great job of describing the insanity that is now our government. People fooled by his charisma need to learn that we all stand to lose with this dysfunctional presidency.
 If only this book could aid in his impeachment, I'd give it 1000 stars.
 From the outside the White House looks chaotic, but this book reveals almost more than I wish to know. Ignorance is bliss, but you can't close your eyes to this madness.
 The book is amazing.  I'll wait for a part 2, there will be a part 2, Trump can't help himself.
 Trump is a pile of dog poop... There are issues in this narrative that might not ring accurate, but watching his bag of narcissistic expired cheese deflate into a flacid 4 inch mozzarella stick would be the greatest accomplishment of the US since the snack pack.
 The detail, confirming what we know and or suspect about Trump s whitehouse. Thankfully as it needs to be written about. Those in denial will have a harder time making excuses now about this dangerous situation.
 Let's face it, Trump is a moron and this fine country should deserve much better! It is sad, sad, SAD what low branches we've fallen onto!
 Wolff at one point writes "the Ukraine." Bad. Simply Ukraine will do. This was definitely a notable cringe in a linguistically antiquated book. Heh.<br/><br/>The core of the book is solid. It allows one to really fit some of the observations of Trump with this behind the scenes action to form an opinion of him (or further solidify one.)<br/><br/>There are so many articles on this book, I don't think I need to get into a detailed breakdown. If you enjoy reading political dramas, pick this bad boy up. Just take it with a few grains of salt.
 I haven’t finished the book yet, but so far I love it, the writer is finally telling the “real” truth about what kind of man he really is, and it is not “fake” news like he says at everything that is said about him is true. That is what he dosent like, is the truth. Can’t wait to read the rest. If you want to know what is really going on in the White House, get this must read book.
 A very easy read.  Highly entertaining and scary.  Of course, its all "Fake News."  Fake, in the Trump topsy turvy world, meaning only "I don't like the truth, so it must be fake!"  Lol.
 This book was a real eye-opener. If even part of it was true, it's really scary. I guess we will have to wait and see what happens.
 Hilarious and freighting  all at the same time. This author paints a clear picture in his writing and we are glad to have it.
 Definitely worth reading, however there's not much here we didn't already know about this fascist would be dictator. Interesting how many of the people mentioned in the book are no longer in the trump cabinet.
 Very good read. It appears that there were many issues that were developing in the White House. Book received. It was packaged well from any damage.
 Loved the book
 Most thorough and reliable look into truth in the currrnt leadership of America
 This will satisfy any No Trumpets and enrage his fans. All in all a good read and I believe the book is truthful.
 I have read and watched Trump for 30 years out of curiosity.  Read Art of The Deal, Trumpland, the many articles in New York Times, Vanity Fair, and so many more.  Trump doesn't read.  Trump is uneducated.  Trump is a whore to the extreme.  Trump is a grifter.  Trump has no business sense.  Yet IQ45 got elected President on a platform of racism, anger, sexism, misogyny, and promises he will never keep?  Fascinating.<br/>Wolff's book is delicious.  Of course it's true as he has references and recordings.  The book was rushed out(after Trump attacked it) and that's why there so many errors.  Who cares just read it!!!!!!<br/>What is beyond horrific is his children our helping run the USA!  Nazis in the White House!!!!  And Russians in the oval office!!!!!  RUSSIANS IN THE OVAL OFFICE WITH TASS AND NOT OUR PRESS???????????????????????  Interesting there WAS no "Fake News" until IQ45.
 Fire &amp; Fury brings to life in real time all that happened. Michael Wold is similar in style to Tom Wolf and brings great insight, humor and wit to his writing I recommend this book to anyone who has an interest in what's happening today and wants to understand how and why Donald Trump is our President.
 He's a good writer. it's either the blistering truth or it's a great piece of fiction. Whichever it is, it's a great read.
 I know mr. Trump is mad, and most rational people know trump is mad, but now millions more who may have been misled will know he's mad. I pray every night for Mr. Mueller to do his job swiftly and without pause.
 Michael Wolff got a lot of press because of his portrait of the dysfunctional Trump administration and the press, largely positive for the book, was much deserved; Wolff's book presents an administration that can't even convincingly pull the wool over the American public's eyes. Yes, Trump misleads, lies, blames others, tries to direct thought by branding materials and, like a lot of con men, he's good at misdirection and misleading the public. That doesn't mean he can hide the flaws of his inept administration which (if you believe the author of the book It's Worse Than You Can Imagine but that's another book-- written by a Republican-- and discussion) compounds things because Trump doesn't walk the talk staying true to the things he guaranteed he would see occur once in Washington.<br/><br/>This book is also about Steve Bannon and his attempt to remold the American politics with a flim flam man at the helm. The level of dysfunction within the administration is evident with each passing day but Wolff goes to the heart of the dysfunction--Trump himself and his delusions.<br/><br/>There are some grammatical and printing errors in the book (it was rushed to market) which could have benefited from a twice over by a proof reader but, aside from the that, the book is an interesting read. It's the information that matters the most and the information within this book should be enough to horrifying even the most devoted Trump fan.
 Mind boggling that this man has been able to function  his entire life. Of course, he's a stablE genius, according to him.
 Got my copy, reading it, and love the 45 hates it.
 I eagerly started this book in an attempt to understand the thought process and direction of our president.  Instead, the discussion centered on personality conflicts within the inner staff of Whitehouse staff.<br/><br/>The inner conflicts describe the cat fights and back stabbing of a group of people who would never chose to be in the same zip code with each other.
 Michael Wolff provides readers a behind-the scenes look at the ever-shifting hierarchy of the White House staff during the first year of President Trump's administration, largely told from the perspective of former Presidential strategist Steve Bannon. A must-read for devotees of American politics. An exciting page-turner!
 Although dismissed by Donald Trump, this book is quite believable and speaking as someone who once lived in the United States , Donald Trump seems completely unlike any other President before him.  It was hard to keep up with the names of many of the persons mentioned in the book, with the departure of so many key people since.<br/>If Donald Trump can bring a successful outcome from his planned meeting with Kim Jong Un, he could yet go down in history as a significant President of modern times.
 I was torn on purchasing this book as I felt much of it had been shared on Twitter and discussed on cable news. There were few surprises as I have been following the political pundits on Twitter for several years. However what I did find interesting was who was responsible for the early leaks in the presidency. Overall this was a very good read and very depressing  when you consider what is to come and what Bannon has planned for the future, although he is currently without funding thanks to this book.
 Very insightful view of what is happening in our nation's Capital.  Very scary to realize simple minds are running the show with no clue and no experience.  God Bless America! Please!
 It really gives you a better understanding of how this administration has been functioning so far.
 The book gives a significant and ultimately scary inside look at the Trump White House.  But the publisher did the author no service by rushing the book into production.  It seriously needed some heavy-duty editing.  The sentences are often as long-winded, wandering and confusing as the statements made by Trump himself.  The result is that it often leaves one confused, feeling the need to reread the last excerpt in an effort to interpret what was just said.  For that reason, the book - and the reader - would have benefited from some serious editing.  The insight the book gives into the Trump White House is indeed scary, but it would have been much more obvious if the book had been better written.
 This is Steve Bannon's story of inside the White House.  It is his perspective of his advice to Trump versus Jarvanka.<br/>It shows Jarvanka winning the battle in the long term.  It is not so much about Trump but<br/>claims that Trump does not read his briefings and does not analyze numbers in any form.  There is little mention<br/>on Melania, Pence, or any cabinet members.
 Nothing really surprised me. It confirmed my opinions about Trump and his lack of ability to be our president. The behind the scenes conflicts among the major players were interesting.
 It is easy to follow with clear event timeline.
 I had to shake my head at how Trump conned the Trumpettes around the country. The book is very scary at the collection of misfits and malcontents in the White House.
 I bought the Kindle Edition, so the actual book wouldn’t be taken from me and burned. It’s a wonderful journey into the minds of the White House staff. It’s easy to read and understand, so even a President should enjoy it. My only issue is that with the success of this book (and the crackdown that will follow) will we see more people from the White House come forth and write books as well? I doubt it, but I have hope.
 No wonder Trump trashed this book.  You can't stop reading (or listening, in my case) this craziness that took place when Trump took office.  As if I needed any more reasons to think Trump is an unhinged lunatic who doesn't deserve to be POTUS.
 This book is amazing. Invaluable.<br/>It must have been unpleasant to research. I am thankful Michael Wolff persisted.  Reminds me of Truman Capote's, In Cold Blood.
 I think this is a wonderful insight to a man who is so unqualified and unstable that it baffles me how teh American public could fal for his salesmanship. He is a total loony and I only hope he gets removed from office before he drags the world into situations that will take years to unravel.<br/>The book itself is well written and could be confusing at times but overall a very good read.
 We get what we deserve... the majority of our country is lost.  It will take decades to rectify the harm that has been done.  Our future Presidents should be elected by only a majority vote.
 Excellent look inside this disastrous administration.
 Just read this book you will learn more about Donald Trump then you would ever want to know or would want to know
 Helps explain the background of the public mess that is exposed on a frequent basis to the rest of the world.
 If you are following all things TRUMP or if you don't know a things this is an excellent book that tells it like it is. Is it all true; we won't know until history has a chance to write about Trump. I think it's +90% true.
 Very interesting read. It gives insight into the narcissistic sociopathy that is in all too high a position.  It's 'The Emperor Has No Clothes' of modern times; only this version isn't a work of fiction.
 As a moderate independent voter I'm not for or against any political party. But President Trump made such a big deal about this book I just had to read it to find out what all the controversy was all about. I found the book to be very informative and well written.  I highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in America politics.
 Gives the reader a good indication as to where this administration is headed. No real surprises - self-loving, self-admiring, self-absorbed, self-obsessed, conceited, self-centered, self-regarding, egotistic, egotistical - if you've been paying attention, you get the message.
 The story is interesting. As an op-ed/true-crime/expose kind of thing, it's excellent. It's also funny if you like laughing at Trump. Very entertaining.
 I didn't know what to expect from Mr. Wolff but his writing was very compelling. His "fly on the wall" reporting certainly exposed the turmoil going on in the White House during most of the first year under President Trump.
 This is extremely well written and Mr. Wolff's vocabulary s second to none. Really good read. You feel like your sitting in the White House watching the unusual presidential history unfold before your very eyes. Very detailed and as far as I can tell, very accurate. Good job. Now I have to re-read it and write down all the words I have never heard before!
 I read this book and enjoyed it. I think every American should read this book. It really goes into the mind of Donald Trump and his enablers. I see why Bannon was kicked to the curb, but overall some of the things I read were hilarious and terrifying all at the same time. I really hope things change for this administration, but it was a good read.
 This is an astonishing and thoroughly credible characterization of America under Trump.  The conclusion has to be that a democracy, any democracy is too fragile to cope with the insanity  that is Trump and Trumpism.  This is a further revelation that democracy was no match for Hitler or any of the Communist totalitarians.  What we are missing is a prescription for what a society must do to guard against the evils of Trump - and Hitler
 This is must read book. Although some of it is probably not 100% accurate it is close enough to get a idea of the mess going on in the White House. Makes you remember if some one promises something to good to be true it probably is.
 This book told many of us what we already suspected- I shall never take my vote for granted in any election again.
 On point and that Fly-on-the-Wall feeling was there on every page ...<br/>I got it on my Kindle that first day it was rushed to market ...<br/>And just in time ... I believe we will look back to recognize how serindipitous a situation this turned out to be ... the right guy in the right place ...<br/>Michael Wolff is my almost perfect hero of the year ... a truly observant and insightful feeling and admittedly crafty human being ...<br/>... and there was enough differentiation between hearsay and direct interviews, and witnessing it himself so that was clear, yet without interrupting a well-told yarn that was probably not even much of a nedd for exagerration ... well this entire true story is one for the books, many books ... this must be in anyone's collection on this subject forever, right on the top ...<br/>Although Mika B decided to kick Michael Wolffe off Morning Joe recently ... I think that was a good skirmish she won, he can handle that criticism, and they will heal, lol<br/>Mchael Wolffe just earned many accolades and, I hope sudden fortune with this absorbing log of the latter campaign, transition and White House event.<br/>You will see, as the months march on  )  the truth will come out as indicated ... well done sir  ...<br/>Have Discernment always folks ... and Heart ...
 Sad description of a confused president more focused on his ego than on running the country.  A gossipy play-by-play diary of a mounting disaster. Insight into the chaos of Trump’s first year.
 This book opened my eyes astonishing what lives in our White House.Everyone needs to read this marvelous book on Trump and his swamp
 This book gives an excellent insight into the mess that is our leadership right now.  I actually am in Austria right now and it is the #1 seller at ALL Buchhandlungen I have been to.  When people find out I am from the USA, they often ask if I have read this book.  Yes I have-and you should too.  Especially since it foreshadows things that have happened after it was published, including the Cohen/Stormy Daniels issue.
 Very interesting but kinda hard to read when English isn't your first language.<br/>...endless long sentences with uncountable inserts.<br/>Well, I'm clawing my way through.<br/>With regards to contents simply too riveting and crazy NOT to read it.
 I hardly think this book needs more publicity, since it took the nation by storm as soon as it came out, but I'll give my two cents. I waited like so many others while it was backordered and finally read it in a couple of  sittings as soon as I got it.<br/><br/>What a fun read! I laughed my way through much of it, as Wolff relates anecdote after anecdote illustrating the utter incompetence of the first few months of the Trump regime. He's a witty and funny writer, so the pages go by fast. I took some comfort in the fact that while our nation was under siege by a fascist wannabe dictator and his racist bigoted staff and criminal family, they really had no clue what they were doing. The petty infighting and rampant disfunction of Trump's staff was alarming to hear about, but thank goodness none of them were smart enough to do really serious damage--at least not then.<br/><br/>Wolff certainly burned all his bridges in getting people to rat on each other like this, and for that I say thank you! While other journalists were soft-pedaling Trump and normalizing his insane stunts and incoherent ramblings to preserve their precious access to the touchy baby man tyrant, Wolff was happily torching his sources, knowing this mission would be his last with this bunch.<br/><br/>Some have denied saying things he attributed to them--like Anna Wintour, for instance. I'm willing to concede that Woolf is more interested in gossip than in Pulitzer Prize-level reporting, so I'll give Wintour and some others the benefit of the doubt. But Trump's racist/bigoted/sexist henchmen and family? Never. I believe every word Wolff reports about them.<br/><br/>The only part of the book that slowed down for me was toward the end on a couple pages when I got the feeling Wolff's editor must have been standing over him with a ruler, ready to rap his knuckles unless he formed a few serious conclusions about how bad this all was for us--the crazy mayhem he was so gleefully describing on all the other 300 or so pages.<br/><br/>Yes, there are some typos and errors that should have been caught through more careful proofreading--and that's why I'm penalizing Wolff a star and giving this 4 out of 5. But they don't detract from the overall gist of the book and they don't make me distrust the piles of consistent evidence Wolff supplies about Trump's White House.<br/><br/>If you don't want to buy the book because you think you've heard all the good parts on talk shows and in Wolff's interviews--think again. Every page has something juicy and only by reading it will you be able to enjoy the tone and the style--which is a big reason I like it and recommend it. No, Mueller will probably not be referencing this in his indictments against Trump and his cronies, but as priceless background info on the Trump Reich, and for comic relief, this book can't be beat.<br/><br/>edit: typos!
 Interesting subject. Puts the timeline together and gives addition insight into the behind-the-scenes craziness of this administration. If you've followed the news, there are no shockers here.
 I'd say this is probably a pretty accurate picture of current WH from all the stuff that continually keeps churning out from there day by day!  Good read.
 I got if for my kindle, was hoping it would be available that way, have been watching all the interviews but knew yesterday I had to have it, yes I am well aware of who trump is and as a New Yorker, how could I not be, decades of his crap and watching him during the campaign was horrid enough, waiting on Mr, Mueller to end this circus and end trump,
 Most if the information in the book was previously known because of media reporting. There were a few incidents I was not aware of however. I did not find it an easy read so it took me longer to read it than most books. I was not familiar with some of the words that just don't show up in everyday speech so it was necessary to look them up unless I just skimmed over them and figured out the meaning from the context of the sentence. It appears to be a book very quickly written and not much thought to the flow.
 Well, this was okay. I am skeptical due to the published mistakes. It sounds like what it is, a story of awful people stabbing other awful people in the back. It is interspersed with times where people are merely planning on stabbing each other in the back. It was depressing, much like watching politics in general.
 An amazing tale that we knew already, but so well told.
 I was familiar with much of the material from TV a print, so the shock value was not as great as expected. The writing was, however fast paced. My view of Donald did not change after reading — just strengthened my view. I certainly would not want to work in the White House with him as POTUS.
 A great read ... illustrates how chaotic the Trump administration is, with colorful details on how even folks working within the White House shake their heads in dismay. 2020 can't come soon enough to dump this orange buffoon, the daughter-wife, the son-in-law, and the Slovenian trollop with the kidney ailment..
 Donald Trump is the single worst President in  our country's history.  He is a lying bigot that I hope will be exposed by the Meuller . Investigation.  I hope the information in this book co tributes to Trump's demise.  I wanted to read it to support(?) My feelings.
 Basically confirms everything you thought was true about the White House. With trumps behavior serving as the ultimate confirmation. Wish it was longer.
 I compare the experience of reading this book to that of reading Gerald Posner's "Citizen Perot," with one crucial difference: Upon concluding Posner's book, I took comfort in knowing that Perot had not gotten anywhere near the White House. A friend and I recently agreed that if even half of what Wolff writes is true...oh, America, what hast thou wrought?
 We live in a democracy, and we have in the White House a person that thinks that a Dictatorship is better.  He thinks that he should run our nation like he runs his business.  He is uneducated - short attention span - and does not know what the different branches of our government are for.
 Don’t know what is appropriate, comedy, horror thriller, or jus pure stupid politics.<br/>It’s a good and fast read. I loved it.
 If you wonder what is wrong with the Trump White house,  this book is extraordinarily interesting. The various political and family power struggles all vying for their own agendas with complete disregard to the needs of our country.
 Best book I've read in a long time. Eye opening and jaw dropping drama. Now we know what we thought we knew.
 Although much of the book is not news I enjoyed Wolfe’s insider observations and reading about this unfolding story that we have endured over the past year.
 BRAVO and THANK YOU!
 insightful and fearfully sad. I recommend this book be read with the lights on and during the day before lunch.
 Trump supporters will try to trash it. Never Trumpists will wallow in details they’ve always thought true. But the details...no matter how one might discount small facts, the narrative closely follows everything the nation has witnessed. Even if you discounted every anecdote, you have to be impressed how the author has taken all of Trump’s behavior and offered a lucid description of what moves him. This analysis doesn’t require blind faith. It’s predictive value will determine its accuracy. Everyone should read this.
 I wish this could be updated regularly so we could continue with the behind the scene story.  I dispise trump and all he stands for, but found him disgustingly fascinating.  Can't wait until the movie comes out!
 Devastating, emperor-has-no-clothes indictment of a dangerous and out-of-control president—and those who are helping prop up his presidency.<br/><br/>Much of the information in this book was known to anyone who was paying attention. But there is no way that anyone could read this book and still have any illusions that anything good might come out of Trump’s time in office... Hence the need to portray it as ‘fake news’.<br/><br/>There are some mistakes and arguably errors of analysis and judgment but I believe the overall picture painted by this book will remain as a truthful portrayal of Trump and his administration down the ages...
 Great book but, given how much I hate this man who is doing his ignorant best to destroy everything that "makes America great", nothing in this book really surprised me.
 A must read. This chilling story explains so much of what went on in the White House as the transition from President Obama's team to Trump's team took place.  It is an eye-opener revealing how unprepared Donald Trump was when he realized he had been elected President.
 All of the most salacious details have already been covered in the press, so this book basically becomes a soap opera about the characters in the Trump White House and their day-to-day follies. Some of it's entertaining, some very dull. Wolff's hyperpartisan tilt and vague sourcing diminish his credibility, and while much of what is revealed can be corroborated by what we already know about this President and his administration, it is difficult to know what to believe. It's also very apparent that much of the information he was fed came from Steve Bannon, as much of the book seems to be told from his perspective - it's been aptly referred to as Steve Bannon's "What Happened."
 Something to read while waiting for the wheels of justice to turn. Suitable for burning for heat during dystopia,  if Mueller can't save us before the nuclear apocalypse.
 Must read political hit job on the disastrous a Trump Administration. Great background if you need foundational knowledge on the Mueller investigation.
 I read this camping on my cell phone.  Due to not liking Trump it took awhile to get through. Interesting that Jarvanka made DACA a bargaining chip. Wolff stays out of the ideal realm except as it relates to characters.  You can't tell which side he is on. He seems like a neutral observor inside the disaster.
 Very entertaining (and quite concerning too).<br/>Short basic summary of Fire and Fury.<br/>-Trump and team had not planned for the eventuality of actually winning the election. The Russia investigation is partially a result of that as they were not careful.<br/>- In the White House Trump has struggled big time with direction. He was/is being pulled into 3 different main directions:<br/>-Bannon, alt-right where his heart seems to be in most issues. Global, liberal, corporate Jarvanka. Traditional Republican Ryan, Priebus etc.<br/>-He is extremely difficult to work with and is very moody and capricious. He can call someone great or humiliate them. You never know. The only person who gets along with him is Hope Hicks who doesn't challenge him. All his life has been spent in Trump tower with subordinates giving orders.<br/>-Bannon and Jarvanka hated each other and leaked stuff about each other out to the press. Bannon and many others considered Jarvanka to be out of touch with reality, entitled, inexperienced and thinking the White House was the Trump House and that they should go home.<br/>-Jarvanka thought Bannon was dragging Trump to the far right and destroying his Presidency.<br/>- The dysfunctionality in the WH with different factions/agendas vying for Trump's attention, a President obsessed with the press and with little interest in the vast majority of issues making random decisions depending on mood or faction influence at each point in time is the underlying theme of the whole book.<br/>- A lot of the tweets and comments have been just what we thought, Trump improvisations sending his aides into panic mode.
 A great read.....
 I consider this to be a great read.  While some of the information is not new, the author goes into greater detail and adds some new revelations.  Who ever thought our country would be dealing with these issues.  Unreal.
 Well written with thoughtful insight into the WH.  Take it with a grain of salt but you have to decide for yourself.  Much of the book when read, is very truthful, from the feedback from insiders and news commentaries.
 We still live in America a free society and no one gets to tell me I can’t buy a book!
 Mind blowing quotes. Easy read.
 Didn’t learn anything about Trump that surprised me. Leaned a lot more about Bannon. Was amazed to see personal agenda and Survivor Island alliance dots connecting among “Jarvanka” and Lewandowski, Miller and still one of my favorite Trump Admin bungles — the Mooch. Am grateful for McMaster, Kelly, and Mattis. Workout them, God help us all.
 Great read
 It is truly scary that we have elected a moron, how incompetent and ignorant Trump is? Who we are going to elect next to demean the office of the presidency?
 I liked the way this book was written.  The book leaves you to make your own conclusions about what Mr. Wolff heard while in the White House.
 Not much more needs to be said about this book.  It's a piercing look inside a White House run amok.
 I want to be clear...  I'm a Registered Republican.  I have voted the party line since I turned 18.  This past election changed all that.  The expose of all of the dirty laundry of the Republican Party and the literal raping of the world that has been going on since #45 took office makes me physically ill.  I'm buying this book, not to convince me....  no, that has happened already....  but because I'm EYES WIDE OPEN NOW....  and I can STILL vote in the primaries!  AND BECAUSE HE TRIED TO STOP THE PUBLICATION.  I don't care if you're Democrat, Republican or Other...  BUY THIS BOOK.  Why?  Because, you can afford $15 to make a statement that says WE ARE STILL AMERICA.  And, because we need to believe that we will not be destroyed from the inside.  We are too strong for that.
 Fire and Fury is good if one is looking for a chronicalogical order of what has happened in the Trump candidacy.  It had some interesting bits and pieces in it about things that had not been known during Trump’s presidency and inside looks about what insiders said about Trump and others in the West Wing. On the whole I did not like the quality of the writing and editing.
 This is the most craziest book I have read in a long time. When I turn on the news, I feel this book isn't to far off on what's been going on in the Whitehouse. It saddens me this nut is president.
 This book confirmed the problems one would expect to take place in a white house with an inexperienced president with no knowledge or expertise in politics. Governing is very different from corporations and many have speculated that the country should be run like a business. Here's the response to that thought.  What happened here is the inevitable outcome of trying to run a country like a family owned corporation.  It's up to the reader to make their own judgement but it's important to be aware of personal bias and its influence.<br/><br/>The the
 This is a very essential book for understanding the Trump White House. And don't listen to the nonsense right-wing vitriol about the author and the book: It's apolitical. It's simply a fly-on-the-wall view of the first year of the Trump presidency. The fact is, and most sane, reasonable people can see this: Donald Trump, regardless of your political orientation, is totally unfit to be president. He didn't even want to win. In fact, with Bannon out - perhaps the only person with some brains and a vision in the entire administration (though I disagree with his vision), we're basically left with a family affair, with "Jarvanka" - Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump - wielding way, way too much influence simply because they are family. It's like we're dealing with a dysfunctional royal family, except we're America, so we shouldn't have to be dealing with this. I also happen to reading Chris Matthews new book on Robert Kennedy, and let me tell you: The juxtaposition is totally jarring. With Kennedy, we're dealing with a man of great moral depth and passion - someone who's rich, like Trump, and doesn't need to be serving his country, but wants to anyway. Why? Because he actually cares about Americans like you and I. Contrast this with Trump: A man whose sole concern seems to be spending time golfing or obsessing about what the mainstream media doesn't love him and what "big thing" he needs to do to win the mainstream media approval he pretends he despises but actually craves. The main is a total narcissist who only cares about himself. They say you get the leaders you deserve. With our narcissistic culture of instant gratification, selfies, and addiction to social media, I suppose it's not entirely surprising that we end up with a loser like Trump. God help us. Perhaps the biggest star of the book is Bannon, whose surprisingly ascendance (and perhaps Icarian fall), was both engaging and informed me in ways I hadn't been before. I came away respecting Bannon as a person, even though I really don't go for his politics. Coming from working class Irish roots, he's missed that "what made America great," were precisely the New Deal and Great Society programs that Republicans have been trying to destroy since Reagan. Keep in mind that Americans had the highest standard of living in the world in 1972 and we had a solid middle class. Not so today. This was a right-wing agenda, but eventually - as the democrats have been hijacked by corporate, Wall Street, and military industrial complex interests - became a DC agenda, since whatever party is in office, the same basic economic nonsense (welfare for the rich, tax cuts for the rich, never-ending wars, etc) continues unabated. It's a shame that a man with Bannon's mind has not been able to connect the dots. There's an elite problem, and the "elite" are not just liberals. Republicans invented "the elite."  Overall, it's a great, essential read. We live in crazy times and this book goes a long, long way to even handedly and fairly pull back the curtain behind this circus.
 Compelling reading chronicling so many of the missteps of this president &amp; his people.  It is shocking when all these incidents are compiled in one place.  The book did not read entirely true.  While I was reading "quoted" conversations I was wondering how it could be that the author was actually present to overhear the conversations he was reporting on.
 First, when the subject doesn’t want you to read it, it goes without saying the subject makes it a best seller. So here I am reading the making of a President. Second, this book confirms to me is that ANYONE can be the president of the US. This just acknowledged what I knew already, he is an incompetent nincompoop and I can only hope we (the US) gets through this intact.
 A must read for anyone who is worried about the future of our country. If this doesn't scare you and and deeply disappoint you in our current government  nothing will.
 I bought the book even though I have no intention of reading it (I can't stomach that much concentrated Trump), but because anyone that Trump is trying so desperately to silence deserves my financial support.
 A fascinating look at the inner workings of the White House during the Bannon era of the Trump presidency. He makes cogent observations about the workings of Trump's mind, such as it is.  As a whole it is eminently readable, but at this point is mostly old news.
 Unsurprising, yet enlightening description of life within the Trump White House. Sometimes frightening, often entertainig. I found myself wishing for a sequel or two from Michael Wolff, though I seriously doubt he'd be welcome to camouflage himself on the WH couch any more after this book.
 Wolff exposes and gives an authentic narrative to the warring cast of characters, from the campaign, the transition and the presidency of Trump. Because this administration has only parity with 3 distinct warring groups within the administration, no one knows what in fact in going on. Trump won’t or can’t read. Even spoken briefings are routinely ignored. Trump’s own team has no knowledge of what will come out of the president’s mouth next. Trump is the real chaos president.
 If there was a series of the 3 stooges show, this in all likelihood would be the setting, but with more stooge characters
 The book gives a clear inside view of the White House daily function and the major players of Trump’s administration. I understand more of where the Mueller investigation is going.
 3.25 is probably a truer rating.  The book is like a candy bar - it's a sweet treat you might crave and your enjoy eating but you know it's not healthy for you.  I enjoyed the stories and insight here but it did seem somewhat implausible that he had all the access that his recollection of certain conversations would suggest.  This book seemed designed to feed into a 'Trump as a flaccid, non intellectual showman' narrative.  If you believe that, this book will reaffirm your beliefs.  If you disagree with that... Well, you probably wouldn't have bought this book.  I was entertained, but I took the book with a huge pinch of salt.
 Very interesting and insightful, not so much what it sounds like on TV.
 A bit gossipy, and some parts sound like hearsay, but confirms what I thought was going on. I learned more about Bannon.
 Entertaining from start to end. Wolfe provides a great view of what’s really happening in the WH. Truly fascinating read!
 It's a wake up call to the dangers of electing an unstable and narcissistic guy to the White House and what it means to the future of our country. Michael Wolff has provided an insider view into a dysfunctional presidency led by a deranged person. Thank you Michael for the courageous commentary.
 I got this thinking it would be a Trump bashing fest by a democratic leaning writer.  I was surprised to find a lot of back story and explanation as to what was happening behind the scenes.  Just information, without as much biased commentary as I expected.  It was both interesting and insightful.
 This book tells us all how much we need to put into getting this mentally deranged man out of the White House. I do believe every word and it's probably much worse than we can ever imagine. God Bless our Country...
 I liked realizeing what I believe him to be is backed up by this book. It’s too bad we don’t have a president who represents us
 Some of this was old some of it was new, the chapters regarding family members was interesting.  I knew Donnie was a Douche Bag, just wasn't aware of how big a disaster he really is.  His attention span of a gnat is spot on, Donnie's contestant clamor for acceptance and grandeur is pathetic, he really isn't fit to hold "ANY" public office
 Quite the exposé. One minute I'm laughing at how pathetic it all is and the next minute I'm hoping that this great nation can heal and rebuild itself after that human defect departs (leaving behind his slimy, toxic snail trail).
 Scary thought that the Trump White House is this dysfunctional. Unfortunately, I believe that it is.
 It was like a cheap soap opera... but hey, the author is the last person to blame for that.<br/>A light and fun read, pretty insightful as well.<br/>Even though, I wouldn't necessarily take all of it as truth. The quotes from Steve Bannon for example, are so detailed and intimate that I would very much doubt their authenticity. Interesting that he didn't deny anything in the book.
 Great Read. Was expecting it to be very dry given the writer is a journalist. Most political books like this seem to thrive on taking interesting material and making it drier than a bad white wine. Like Boring = Gravitas. Not Wolff. First time I've read him. Very detailed, but adds flavor by describing the feel of the room/audience that an event takes place in. Gives good background on the players. I love following politics and doubted he could tell me much background about the players...I was VERY wrong. If you like politics, do yourself a favor and read this. I had to pace myself. Blew through the first dozen chapters in the first sitting. Savor it, then pass it to a friend. (Then go vote in 2018 and 2020).
 I liked that trump didn't want this book to be published so I purchase it and read it in protest
 The author seems at times to be making an attempt to lessen the perception of wrongdoing by suggesting that the trumps was naive in the affairs going on around them. And most likely  victims of the more sophisticated Russian players.  The implication that Donald Trump is an accidental President, never expected to be elected, never intended to be elected, but only to capitalize on the fame of running.  It hints that he is hugely unaware of his position,  and those around him are playing and positioning themselves to get their own agendas across.  I finished this book feeling like I was being led to believe that we have a petulant boy-king that just wants to be loved and is surrounded by all sorts of sycophants.  He doesn't mean all those bad things he says and do, he's just  a victim of a rigged system.
 Loved it. True, nothing shocking, like already knowing the  outcome of Apollo 13, however, a good read. As much as the Adminsistration lies, I go with Michael Wolff. It rings true. And, Trump recommended it.
 Affords a look into the inner workings of the Trump White House.<br/>Unbelievable that a person with this intellect and temperament, could achieve this position. The descriptions of daily workings are hilarious. Could not put this book down.
 The writing is drier than it needs to be, and it comes across as though a thesaurus was consulted for the most pretentious way to say things.
 This merely confirms a lot of flash thoughts that have gone through my head this past year. Waiting UNpatiently for that 33.3!
 Good book about Trump!
 A powerful inside look at what the hell's going on inside the White House thank God for this book
 The most timely book in a decade.  Everyone should buy a copy to see what we have done to our Democracy!
 Honestly there was a small part of me that thought DT would be successful in taking this book down. I feel like I got a piece of history. Thank you Mr. Wolff.
 Riveting look inside the chaos of our current administration.  Validated what I already imagined was happening but also some great insights I didn’t expect.  Couldn’t put it down.
 Even if not everything is 100% true or correct it does give you a look at the most corrupt and crazy administration ever!  A lot of stories by others who have worked at the White House collaborate some of the stories.
 Eye opening and somewhat disturbing account that was aimed to be President Trump's first 100 days, but ended up being longer. Gives some insight into the President and the people surrounding him.
 A great deal of "insider" insight into the dynamics and power struggles within the White House.  Very interesting.  However, the writing style made it a little hard to read at times.  All in all worth the read, though.
 I've really enjoyed this book for the behind-the-scenes look into the Trump campaign and the White House thus far. It gives a real insight into what has happened so far and what may happen in the future. Overall, it is not flattering to Donald Trump, but I think even his supporters could find something of value regarding how our President thinks and approaches conflict.
 Great read. There are a few places where I feel like he used a thesaurus to insert longer words, instead of letting the vocabulary flow naturally. And he does seem to rely rather heavily on a small number of sources, although he does generally acknowledge that some sources have their own agendas. Other than that, excellent.
 I found Fire and Fury to be flawed in some aspects. Did Michael Wolff have this easy access to the characters he portrays in  this book? Is Donald Trump as whacky as he he is portrayed. Are the people surrounding him as incompetent and stupid as he leads us to believe.?If so, we're in for a wild ride over the next four years.
 This book was helpful in enlightening my understanding of what is going on in the WH.  I am saddened more than anything at this point though, angry doesn't even begin to explain the thoughts that I have.  Read this book if you want to understand a tiny bit of what has happened.
 I didn’t care for Wolff’s style.  He’s trying to make tabloid fodder...fancy.  Maybe it was just me, but I didn’t need him to flex his literary muscles.  It’s not prose.  It’s a tell-all about a clown and his shtshw administration.  Content, 5 stars.  Writing style 1 star.  Average those two together and you get 3.
 Oh, boy, oh, boy, where does one begin with Michael Wolff’s Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House?<br/><br/>Forget for the moment (if you can) what you already know about Donald Trump’s first year in the White House. Not an easy task by any means. While it might be difficult to approach this book with an open mind and without bias, to fully appreciate this book, you have to suspend all disbelief—which is also no easy task. Wolff does offer some interesting tidbits of information with his behind-the-scenes examination of Trump’s rise to the presidency and his first year in office. You’re going to find yourself shaking and scratching your head and asking yourself, “Did I just read what I thought I read?”<br/><br/>I found the book to be both hilarious as well as frightening. It does get scary at times, especially in what Wolff reveals about the way Trump thinks or the large role that his son-in-law Jared Kushner and daughter Invanka (amusingly referred to as Jarvanka) play in the White House as well as the role since-departed Steve Bannon played. Wolff is merciless when it comes to criticizing Trump and his family, but he tends to give Bannon a fair shake. It’s no wonder that Trump was livid when this book hit the stands.<br/><br/>There is something very Shakespearean about the Trump presidency which reveals itself in Wolff’s book. It’s the Nixon White House all over again.<br/><br/>While reading this book, I was reminded of David Halberstam’s brilliant tome, The Best and the Brightest. Although Wolff’s book pales in comparison, there is much to glean from his book. This is as about up close and personal as you are going to get to the Trump presidency and you won’t feel gypped at the end. And if you believe in the theory that Trump never really intended to become president, this book will not let you down. One thing is for certain, as Wolff points out, the Trump presidency, for all its drama, shortcomings, and anxieties, has most definitely held everybody’s attention.<br/><br/>In the final analysis, readers will take away what they want from this book. If one is anti-Trump, the book will come across as “I told you so” account. On the other hand, if you’re a Trump supporter, this book is just a trove of lies and “fake news.” Either way, this book will be the talk of the town for some time. One thing for certain, the book, if you can excuse the pun, is not closed on Trump. There’s plenty more to write. Where there’s smoke, with a nod to the title, there’s a lot of fire. This is just the tip of the proverbial iceberg.<br/><br/>— Jeffrey Miller, author of Bureau 39
 A fascinating fly-on-the wall view of events we all saw covered in The New York Times and the Washington Post. We've all witnessed Trump's ill-informed, irrational,inconsistent, unprepared, petty, angry and vindictive, often unmoored behavior in the papers and on live on television. So there are no surprises here, and everything is entirely consistent with what we have all seen on embarrassing public display every day (and in the days since this book was published).  What this adds is the behind-the-scenes moments between the rival factions. The Bannon vs. "Jarvanka" (Bannon's derisive name for Jared and Ivanka) battles are especially interesting. As is Bannon's hubris right before his fall. Jared is more fleshed out  than the narrow cipher in the small suit (though there is is not much "there" there). Ivanka is just about what you'd expect---only somehow emptier and more conniving. Not many heroes here, of course. Just the inside view of opportunists (Pence, Cohen), vain people making the most of their 15-minutes (The Mooch) or previously respectable people (Gen. Kelly, Gen. McMaster) humiliating themselves trying to please a petulant child. And lots of lower level people running for cover. Much has been made (by critics) of the small errors in the book, but the scenes in the book are not at all surprising given what is on the public record. Trump-apologists claims that it is "fiction" is itself so obviously false that it's laughable. We've seen most of it, and we're seeing it happen before our eyes.  It's as readable as good fiction is, and  you only wish it were fiction.
 There is a lot in the book that goes with known information, so I believe it all. The material could stand on its own, but the author really brought it all together well and made it extremely interesting. A great book!
 This book is really good, I haven't read all of the book, but the part that I have read is really good.
 Not a lot of new information but adds a lot of clarity to what we have already been told. Probably wouldn't have bought it if Donald hadn't tried to stop it from being released. Hard to know how much to believe, but even if it's only partly true it's very very scary.
 There may be a few errors in the book (as reported), but overall the book gives an in-depth portrait of Donald Trump and the White House under his presidency.
 A riveting book about a current topic unraveling right before our eyes. Pull up a front row seat and be an eavesdropper.
 I loved it.  It confirms all my suspicions about 45
 If you have been puzzled by what's going on in the White House, this book explains a lot. It's not good news. While it may be hard to believe the author had as much access as he apparently did to the major players, it all has a sad ring of truth.  And it's only the first year...
 Wow! Good grief! lol Pair it with your wine or spirit. I'm pairing my reading time with Savignon Blanc.
 Good entertaining read.  If even 2% of it is true, we are in serious trouble as it portrays Trump as an impulsive simpleton.
 Unbelievably true - everything fits with what we watched unfold on the news.  How is this person still a sitting president?  Don't the Republicans (I'm an Independent) know that if they cleared the way for the next in line, their party would still control the White House?  God protect and bless our beloved country!  Rise up citizens!
 Great insight into Trump and his administration.
 Get this book!
 Hahahahahaha...
 This last year has been utterly unbelievable.<br/><br/>I don't know who Trump is, I don't believe Trump even knows who he is.<br/>I will say he is not to be believed and the Republican party that puts up and worships him only add to the unbelievable antics that's been American politics for this past year.<br/><br/>If this book was about any other President  (regardless of party) I wouldn't buy nor believe a word.<br/><br/>Considering who this book is about and the crap I've seen( and the whole world) this President pull.<br/>I do see the truth behind the scenes.<br/><br/>If there weren't any truth then why did he try to stop the book from coming out.<br/><br/>America, we need to do better , no matter what party you belong to.<br/><br/>Our kids, grandkids don't deserve this and frankly neither do we.
 Can't put this book down although I find myself in a depressed mood after reading.  My thoughts and feelings about the goings on at the WH are confirmed.  It's not just my imagination it really is in-fighting and chaos.  Frightening!
 Book verified everything we already knew about Trump- that he should never have become our President and he is doing irreparable harm to our environment and immigrants
 Not sure I learned a whole lot new. It felt like I was reading a load of newspaper articles from the last year. If you believe even half of it though Americans and the rest of the world should be real scared of what this president could get up to.
 If my $15 serves to further annoy Trump and show him he cannot control the publishing of books in America, it is money very well spent.
 It was worth the price just to learn the secret behind the Trumpterrible hairdo!  Unfortunately, I can't erase the mental picture of an jowly, aging,  very corpulent US President propped up in his bed while glued to multiple TV screens, a burger in one hand and the other poised to Tweet.
 My retired mother loved this.<br/><br/>Trump cussed her and I out in the 90s when we were eating at Trump Tower in NYC when I was on a school trip, he told her to "Get the F out of my way" - without censoring his language.  I will never be able to respect him after that.  So I bought her this book.<br/><br/>He may be president, but no law says I have to like the guy.  The book is awesome though.
 Excellent read. Trump needs to go. And soon! Gives a good insight into the white house inner workings. Must buy!
 Even though it is many months since the book came out,  and knowing what we know, this provided an up close look at the chaos of the Trump White House.
 Resist!
 Dear Draft-dodgin' Donnie, Don't tell me what to buy - this isn't North Korea, and you can't censor something just because it doesn't paint you in a good light. I loved this book, lots of crazy info!! Feel so bad for Melania!! And the rest of America. What a SAD, childish, cheese burger chompin' IDIOT we have in office. I recommended to everyone I know!! :-)
 This book does a nice job of shedding light into the messed up mind of Donald Trump. It really doesn't go as far as explaining why the man is a psychopath or the origins of his mental illness, but it gives us a more than enough understanding of the mess he is making of our country while in the Oval Office. It's definitely not a good read for a MAGA moron.
 Difficult read because difficult to always discern whether the information related was the product of what was said by someone in the three factions, extended, or the President himself, as the ultimate source and cause of the dysfunction: or perhaps  the writer's interpretations and opinions.  The degree of  dysfunction perhaps was made clearer, and the overlapping, competing and intertwined sources of the same. What a tragedy, a cause for despair, and a demonstration of  utter lack of courage, and integrity  for misguided and selfish ends that is displayed and so prominently mimicked by the subject of this book, and others holding leadership positions in our government . Unfortunately this behavior  has created a hey day for some  citizens who think this behavior is a good thing to be imitated, this results in greater peril for this country.
 The book is not perfect but it is extremely interesting and I can't wait for the sequel! You feel like you are sitting there with the author in the White House.  It helps to understand how this White House is run.
 Proof that some things that go bump in the night ARE actually monsters. For those of us who have been apprehensive about the appearance of duplicity, narcissism, bigotry, and utter incompetence (those things that bump), this book provides a framework in which to understand these fears, and to acknowledge their basis in reality.
 I haven’t yet read this entire book, but what I have read is both fascinating and (sadly) not surprising. The author has been accused of lying however his access to the White House, discussions with many individuals (including Trump), and recordings of many conversations have been verified.<br/><br/>Although most of the shocking facts have been discussed on news programs for days already, I bought this book because of the president’s attempt to silence our free press, including trying to stop this book. I recommend that every American exercise their rights and protect the rights of the author and publisher by buying this book.<br/><br/>“The freedom of the press is one of the great bulwarks of liberty, and can never be restrained but by despotic governments.” George Mason<br/><br/>“The only security of all is in a free press. The force of public opinion cannot be resisted, when permitted freely to be expressed. The agitation it produces must be submitted to. It is necessary, to keep the waters pure.” Thomas Jefferson<br/><br/>“Our press was protected by the First Amendment ... to inform, to arouse, to reflect, to state our dangers and our opportunities, to indicate our crises and our choices, to lead, mold, educate and sometimes even anger public opinion.” John F. Kennedy .<br/><br/>“A popular Government without popular information, or the means of acquiring it, is but a Prologue to a Farce or a Tragedy, or perhaps both.” James Madison<br/><br/>“A critical, independent and investigative press is the lifeblood of any democracy.” Nelson Mandela<br/><br/>“If you want a society that is free and vibrant and successful, part of that formula is the free flow of information, of ideas, and that requires a free press. A free press is a foundation for any democracy.” Barack Obama<br/><br/> Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. — The First Amendment to the United States Constitution
 Almost finished. A fascinating, frightening account of inside the Trump White House. God help us.
 It’s painful to read about a president so stupid that he can’t be expected to read anything longer than a page, and only if it has maps, charts, and his name in every damn paragraph.
 Provides context and atmospherics that shed light on some of the most inexplicable aspects of the Trump occupation of the White House. You cannot make up characters like these!
 It is well written, better than expected, but there was very little new information that hadn't already been in the media or in excerpts of the book that were published prior to its release.  That said, the American public should know how utterly dysfunctional this administration is so Im glad that the book was published.
 This book was clearly rushed to print so it is full of typos and it needed some editing HOWEVER, this is a great read. There is nothing in the book that is surprising or shocking but it presents the chain of events in a comprehensive timeline which adds depth, detail and insider perspective into the last year.. It is really more of a book about those around Trump than Trump himself. The book is "true" in the sense it is heavily quoted leaving little doubt that the quotes themselves are true. He puts a negative spin on these quotes because I am not sure how a sane person could do otherwise. This is not "good history" in the sense that it is exhaustively researched but because of the nature of the Trump presidency even gathering quotes and stories from those around him probably gives you a pretty accurate picture of the man and the administration. This is not a book that could exist in an administration run by sane , competent grown ups.<br/><br/>All of this being said, I woke up this morning sad for the American people who do not even have a minor role in this Greek Tragedy.
 Sounded reasonable after all the tweets and leaks. And frankly the rambling speeches like the one at the C.I.A. which is reprinted. It's a companion piece to part of season one of the most chaotic reality show armed with nukes.
 I had a terrible time understanding the vocabulary of the writer. Guess I'm just not smart enough.
 We knew it was a mess but now you can rehash all the past years stupid WH disasters. A depressing read about the state of our country. Everyone should read it and be ready to march in the street if 45 fires Mueller.
 A must read for anyone interested in USA politics and was probably more about the puppet master Bannon than Trump. The book did however have repetitive moments and periods of boredom. But in the end I despaired for the USA.
 Good review of all the craziness going on nationally.  If you follow national politics, author provides a bit more depth.  I will read some of the other new books for balance.
 If you haven't been paying attention TrumpleThinSkin's behavior over the past two years then this book will be quite frightening.  Otherwise it's just confirming with many of us of been saying all along... the man has narcissistic personality disorder,  and is not mentally fit for a leadership role.
 Very well written and packed with incites of all the characters past and present, roaming the West Wing. The details uncovered and the desire to further explore some interesting reference, make it a slow read but worth the extra time. The clash of egos and back stabbing reveals the conspiracy plots that keep everyone watching the Trump show.
 As soon as Brexit happened, I feared the inevitable, idiots exist everywhere, here too. After our own version of the Brexit (from logic and stability), this book has been an interesting view into the train wreck we're living through everyday.
 This book really connects the dots and gives valuable insight into<br/>The method to the madness.  You Will be hooked from the first page to the last
 This is a very entertaining book and very informative.  I know sometimes Michael Wolff embellishes or stretches things, but I believe 98% of what's in there since much has been leaked by his administration and found to be accurate.
 Reads like a juicy tell-all about Hollywood or music industry celebrity. Easy read, especially if you don't like the President. After finishing it, I felt like I do after I eat too much cake or listen to too much gossip -- guilty and queasy.
 I couldn’t put it down. Lots of juicy stories- you may need to re-read to understand this never ending political circus and it’s cast of crazy characters. You may boy like the author, but this book was fun and interesting to read from start to finish
 If even half of what Wolff says about Trump is true; then he has no business being in the White House. My first opportunity to vote took place when JFK was running for the office and D. Trump is the least qualified individual to hold the rank of Commander In Chief in my time. Michael Wolff gives the reader a substantial portrait of someone who has little in common with a leader of a country like the USA.
 It was even better than I anticipated. It was really hard to stop reading it once I got into it. I hope that a sequel is written!
 An interesting and compelling book. Although much of what the author describes has been known about this President already - his short attention span, that he doesn't read, is not well-read, is not curious, is impulsive, etc.- this book gives background information about how and why these deficits and character flaws are impacting Trump's leadership and policy-making abilities. The information about Trump and his White House is scary as hell and we all should be paying very close attention to everything that's going on.
 MOST DEFINITELY TOLD THE TRUTH ABOUT TRUMP. THE WORLD BIGGEST EMBRASSMENT TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. HE STOLE THE ELECTION..TRUMP WOULDN'T KNOWTH TRUTH IF IT SLAPPED HIM IN HIS FACE.
 As expected, this book lived up to its promise:  an insightful !lol at the Trump presidency.  Great read, highly recommend!
 Depressing to know what a nut house the white house is.
 I expected to be rolled over by this book. It was okay, a few pieces of new information, but most was previously reported in the news. The writing was okay, more like reading a newspaper article rather than literary.
 Just a plain good time reading it.  It's pretty much everything that has been written in the press at one point or another, but sewn together in to tour of the House of Bizarre.
 I enjoyed Fire and Fury and recommend it thoroughly. It's a glimpse behind the closed doors of the disaster currently in the WH.
 Everything you already knew, PLUS everything you missed, compiled in a very fluid, dynamic documentary style.
 Like many other reviewers, I bought this book, not because I am anxious to read it, but because Donald Trump tried to prevent its publication and thereby to make it impossible for me to read it. This sort of "prior restraint" by the government is not allowed in America! If Trump contends that parts of this book are not true, let him prove it and further prove than Wolff wrote those parts with "actual malice" (i.e., knowing the content was not true), and if he can prove those things, then Wolff might owe him damages. THAT is his remedy -- not to quash the book before it's ever been published. So sad that our current President knows so little about the First Amendment. I am happy to spend my 15 bucks to help make Mr. Wolff's work a monster best-seller.
 What a great book. Most of it's true. Who could make this stuff up anyway.
 Written so well it HAS to be 100 percent true.<br/><br/>It has been over a year and I keep wondering if I'll wake up from this nightmare...Donald J. Trump is POTUS.<br/><br/>God help us all.<br/><br/>This should be required reading for every American.
 Read the book and donated to local library. They had 29 people on wait list.  Wish I could have donated more copies. Fascinating book. Very believable. Scary believable.
 Behind the scenes scoop of the goings in the Trump circus tent has left me wondering why we needed this perspective. The mainstream news has been bringing us accounts of WH leakers since day one. The biggest surprise to me was learning that Jared and Ivanka Kushner are actually Democrats. But, the couple of times I came across the word pubic when it should have been public began to distract from the story. Helpful tip: keep your dictionary close by.
 This book focuses on a very short period of time. You were there and you are familiar with the events that occurred.  This book gives the insight into what happened behind the scenes. For the most part, nothing is a surprise. In your back of your mind you knew the madness that was occurring. This book just confirms it.<br/><br/>You really know things are screwed up when Steven Bannon turns out to be the smartest and sanest one in the room.
 I wasn't a Clinton supporter and definitely not a Trump supporter. I weighed both sides before casting and found outside of Trump's easily researchable lies I couldn't get past the other character flaws to vote him in office. This book confirmed what I already knew and quite a lot I suspected. This is a must read.
 Reasonably crafted chronology of madness in our highest office.  Time will reveal more details but for now this will have to do.
 GREAT BOOK!  A MUST READ!  Arrived as promised.
 GREAT BOOK!!!!
 What a wild ride into the backstory of the current administration. Truly, you couldn’t make this stuff up. Now we will just need the sequel.
 I purchased this book purely to make a point against the kind of censorship Trump likes to scream about.  not a favorite read, but we should all buy it.  Censorship is an evil.
 This stuff is true whether you like it or not
 Required reading if you want to understand what is happening to our country today.  Reads like a novel, that it is real makes it terrifying.
 As expected, Wolff keeps you reading with one donnybrook after another.  Unbelievable insight into the day to day happenings within the WH.  Sometimes, a little tough to follow with a lot of side remarks and add in material.
 A terrifying look at the madness in our White House.  If you are following this administration closely, then all of this rings true - whether it is or not.<br/><br/>I just won Best Screenplay @MalibuFilmFestival for my new film Trump’s America.  Fake news and keeping the homeless off the lawns of rich white folks.  I fully endorse Fire and Fury!
 Bought this for my Grandpa, and he seems to like it.  He's a dirty liberal like his favorite grandson.
 Confirming what we already knew
 This book confirms the disorganization and inexperience staff in this administration. If this book is true it gives you an insight  on who was actually calling the shots in the white house.
 A lot of great insight into the caos that is the Trump Whitehouse. As a bonus, I loved purchasing something that Trump tried to prevent me from reading.
 I read this from cover to cover in 2 days. It was a real eye opener. I liked that the author did state that some of it may have been opinion or that he could not authenticate some of the info. It made the person of Trump a little more human. Was not surprised by most. Made me feel bad for Melania. But Mr. Trump is NOT a nice man.
 I ordered Kindle edition and 2 hardcovers to give to local library.<br/>Every citizen should read this.  It gives a clear picture of the inept con-man in White House.<br/>Michael Wolfe cajoled the fools in Administration in to allowing him unprecedented access to the drama surrounding the Sociopath - in - Chief.<br/>Scary and fascinating ...
 The book will not win any prizes for outstanding writing, but what the author says is way more important than the way he says it. If even 25% of what he writes is true, then we as a nation are in deep trouble as the last few weeks have shown. This presidency is a recipe for disaster.
 Since I’m a news junky I knew much of what I read, but in any case.....I loved every minute reading this important book.
 confirmed what i think about trump.almost too much confusion in white house to process.
 Wish I could get this for 3 1/2 stars because it does give a glimpse into the huge dysfunction of the Trump White House. My problem was that I lost interest about halfway through and couldn't continue. Some of the stories  have the earmarks of an exaggeration or secondhand gossip but the entire picture seems accurate.
 To be very honest with this book. It is well written but when I read 4 chapters I could not read anymore because I cannot believe that with his temperament and other frailties he became president. So it is now just laying on my coffee table.
 Mostly a reiteration of news we already knew, but put together in a comprehensive timeline. The Bannon stuff is frightening. A book I probably wouldn’t have read without the attempt to stop its publication. It does remind us we cannot become complacent regarding this incompetent and dysfunctional administration.
 Both hilarious and sad.  Not much in this book has really surprised me, yet a fascinating read.
 I love that it tells the truth about what’s been happening since Trump took office.
 Absolutely terrifying! I had to read it though, god Trump is a psychopath!
 An interesting perspective.  To a large it extent it confirmed what most people already new about Trump and how dysfunctional this White House truly is.  His lack of discipline and leadership coupled with little to no understanding of how governments function is astonishing.
 After all the hype I was concerned the book might be a letdown.  It wasn't!  I'm glad to hear from someone who was in the Whitehouse as an observer taking notes and talking to people, including Trump.  Thank you, Mr. Wolff, for writing this book.  It's an eyeopener!
 Proof that CNN is not fake news, you can't make this stuff up. We can only hope that Trump creates his own demise.
 Halfway through the audio version. This book is far better than I expected, with much more depth.  Michael Wolff is an excellent writer and creates a compelling narrative. The bits that are being emphasized by the media are a small part of it. The real impact will be that it gives a great many people a context for understanding the peculiarities of the Trump presidency.
 Ok book, interesting but not much more than I already knew. If you watch talk shows you already know most of what is in the book. Disturbing behavior.
 I loved the way the writer narrates. Yes, it’s a tabloid bio for a tabloid president, but definitely worth reading as a person interested in Washington chaos under president Trump. So enjoyable, highly recommended!
 Cost to purchase book:  $15<br/>Cost of coffee while reading said book:$  5<br/>Cost of impeachment:  Priceless
 You can't write a book like this and not do your research on the subject.  But even if half of the information is true about Mr. Trump and his pals, then we are seriously in trouble.
 The author took liberties for sure, alleging people were thinking things at any given time. Based on public behavior, even wild anecdotes seem plausible. That’s part of its draw - if the events in this book happened, I wouldn’t be surprised. If they facts were stretched, I’d expect they were only stretched a little.
 Despite what the media has reported about this book it's more about Bannon than Trump. It details how chaotic the inner workings of the Trump administration have been. How in over his head the President is and how he is pretty much a puppet. A puppet being controlled by either Bannon or Javanka.
 There's nothing here that we didn't already know from reading the news and listening to 45's jabber. Yes, Donald Trump is an ignorant, racist, narcissistic train wreck. Not the kind of book I would normally buy, but it was worth $15 to help drive it to the top of the lists and spit in Trump's eye.
 Interesting inside book. Completely authentic given lawyers tried to stop this books release.
 Nothing in this book was a surprise.  The current organization of the West Wing is not sustainable. If the author was a liberal, there was no way he would have had that much access. The writer needed to make his sentence structure more concise and to the point.  That made it a difficult read.
 And if even half is true we are in deep doo doo. Given what is available from any newspaper or TV appearance, it all rings true.
 Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House, by Michael Wolff, provides the details of a narrative that the media has been exposing since before Donald Trump assumed office as President. The book presents an insightful and particularized approach to presenting the behind-the-scenes picture of life around a man whose "Presidential" status has become a daily circus-act, whose very presence in the White House is the result of supporters who themselves had the same element of hate, racism, bigotry, despair and even desperation, that this ill-suited candidate could possibly, with his rants and wild hyperbole and lies, lead the nation to a better place. As one reads the book, and Wolff has done an excellent job of collecting his facts and presenting them, it is a sad picture, revealing, in fact, that American politics has sadly and pathetically diverged from being a service to the people, to another entirely different agenda of suckling up to corporate and financial supporters - mere dogs snooping out the best sources of money and cuddling up to them, while, the American people get the short end of the stick. For all his tooting and wild claims and promises, which most of us could see through as mere political yahoo at the time, Trump clearly has not delivered up and he won't either, and the book clearly shows that the course of this administration is either going to be impeachment, a short career or forced resignation in the face of such humiliation that it will reach a point, we hope, where Republicans, for whatever reason, simply cannot abide to having a racist and incompetent clown heading up the nation. Trump and all is lambasting against the publishing of this book, did the world a great favor, because the book hit the spotlight and I believe that many, like myself, who may never have known about and purchased the book, did so just to add another brick in the wall around Trump, showing him that freedom of speech and freedom of the press is alive and well, and that despite his attempts to create a dictatorship in America, the majority of us are not going to let it happen. Get the book, if only to make a statement.
 I got this book free in amazon audible subscription, thank you !  I truly cannot say that I would spend a penny to hear more about Donald Trump.  But my opinion on this audible media, btw, all grammatically correct, lol, is that it is just a replication of what we have all lived through in the past year.  If you don't see the truth, then you clearly have your head in the sand.  I did enjoy it from the standpoint that it gave a full timeline, thus far, of the events that have unfolded since Trump took office.  I can't really watch any of it on open media bc I have a child in my house and really don't want him exposed to what might be the topic of discussion on our president of the United States.  I would prefer he continue a demeanor of respect for that position.
 Read it first on Kindle. Had to buy a hardback so I could go back for good laughs when I need them. I especially recommend the section about Scaramucci. Guaranteed to beat depressive episodes. Kindle is best, however, because Wolff is a great wordsmith that makes you look stuff up.
 This book adds credence to many of the thoughts I already had about this president. But it does serve as an insight into the workings, or the non-workings of the Trump presidency. Trumps loyal followers will deny this book in its entirety. They would also deny that black if black Trump said as much. I found the book insightful
 ...and disgusting, all at the same time. If you knew something wasn't right in the White House, Wolff's account will open your eyes to just how wrong it all is.
 This is not, as Trump claims, Bannon's book about Trump.  It is Wolff's book about the entire administration.  Those of us who read and watch the news religiously already know the bottom line--that Trump is border-line illiterate, incompetent, emotionally damaged, vile, and a grave danger to the nation, and that the members of his administration all know this.  Still, an enjoyable read that will make you feel better to see that you are not the odd person out.
 A very good review to better understand the dynamics of the chaos.  Well worth the read and a very well done job by the author.
 HE IS WHO WE THOUGHT HE WAS.  Arrogance and blustering and pontificating by Trump by all members of the Trump White House is exactly as you would expect.  If ALL of this is Fiction, as Trumpsters would have you believe - then Donald Trump's entire presidency is Fiction - and Sadly is Not.  If Trump had HALF the Acumen his devotees claim, he would ignore this.  He doesn't.  He hates negative exposure. He is the true life Emperor with No Clothes... that fact remains. America will end up with the same Fate if we do not Shed and Regain Control over the vast TRAINWRECK that is Donald Trump, his Administration, his Entourage.  Mr. Wolff could only be 75% accurate (per Trump Advocates) and we still can recognize TRUTH as well all through this book.  25% fallacy or untruth is not enough to discredit this book.  That many of the people quoted are Dead Silent is enough basis to Believe much of the narrative. If nothing else, Trump takes on a Entourage with Extreme Like Thinking.  It is Frightening that DT's Representatives can go on Countless talk shows (while Mocking him and rolling their eyes behind his back) AND Represent DT as a Honorable Patriot.  Only years ago, while acknowledging that things are not always as they seem - America Was Fundamentally about Democracy, Freedom, Patriotism and Equity .  This Election signifies a deeply crevasse through the Population.<br/><br/>Bottom Line is Donald Trump cannot possibly attain the Intelligence, Dignity and Courage shown by his predecessor President Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton (and others).  We would not be in this Mess Nationally and Internationally Without His regrettable presence in the White House.  Charm and Bought Minions Only Gets You So Far Mr. Trump...
 It just gives substance to what we see coming out of this Liar-in-Chief's mouth everyday. Note that none of the players<br/>have ever denied any of the specifics.
 I purchased “Fire and Fury” out of pique that a president would attempt to squelch publication of a potentially unflattering book. Unflattering, yes; newsworthy, questionable. Not much new, verifiable information is here.  It is a collection of anecdotes viewed through a gossip filter. More than a story about Trump, it posits that Bannon is the more extreme and scary figure.  The pre-publication excerpts were cherry-picked to elicit headlines.  Still, the larger picture of ongoing chaos and infighting is believable.  I would still like to see a list of the alleged “mistakes” and the author’s rebuttals.
 The MSM people who are whining about this book are just jealous that they've not had one percent of the access which Wolff enjoyed.  The book reads easily, and while saying little you probably don't already know if you follow the news, it's told in an easy narrative style.  Far far better than the usual slapdash quickie political book.
 Books about this Administration are hard to read, in that you really don't want to know how bad it is!
 For some reason, Amazon sent me the edition meant to only be sold in Indonesia and surrounding areas, where English spoken there is more British than American. Alas, I am an American who, in her youth, scored a perfect verbal on the SAT, and yet that edition was so much work to read I couldn't finish it. It does fill in some details, but the bulk of it you already know from the headlines.
 An amazing book that makes the Trump presidency, in a fashion that can almost not be believed, even more chaotic and existentially threatening.
 Very interesting but also scarily disconcerting
 The average person may want to keep google or a dictionary handy as a lot of the words I have never even heard before :-)
 If only half of what is reported is accurate it is a pretty scary read.Trump may be even more narcissistic ,Incompetant,and completely unsuited to be President than he has revealed to date.<br/>The authors be his own worse enemy by being too gosipy and perhaps biased.
 This book did not disappoint. Woolf clearly had a birds-eye view of the shenanigans afoot in The White House and the crazy clown car that trump was careening around in without knowledge or a license. Bannon was his wing man and the rest of the "staff" were fighting each other in the back. What had been an open secret in Washington was finally exposed for the country (and the world) to see. A malevolent Bannon used trump to enact his own destructive view of the way things should be, while the Kushners and the GOP vied for what was left over. Without values or beliefs, trump listened to whomever gave him the best or most recent pitch. Bannon's dark views grabbed him for a long stretch. Michael Woolf has done us all a solid favor, not only by shining a light on what a nothing trump is, but hopefully also has saved us from Bannon running for president in 2020.
 Very good read. I had to reach for a dictionary a few times to find out the meaning of some words. This book may play a role in writing the history of the current administration.
 It was pretty much what I expected. A fly-on-the-wall account in gossip column style, which is a pretty apt metaphor for this administration. I enjoyed it thoroughly because I'm just that shallow :-D<br/><br/>What I did get out of it that I hadn't expected was a sense of timing. We tend to see Trump's tantrums as isolated events, but Wolff does a good job of tying them to what else was going on in Trumpworld at the time.<br/><br/>I hope he writes a sequel called "Lies and Indictments".
 Amazing! Riveting!
 I became uncomfortable with how much this book appeals to Bannon's narrative, but it appears he was one of the few interviewed who had any common sense (not withstanding his ethnocentric nationalist agenda). I appreciate the insight provided by the author attempting to understand what is happening inside the white house while interviewing a large cast of stupid people, evil people, and liars. While choking down this bold interpretation I would implore you to read between the lines and come to your own conclusions. This work will likely be the closest we will ever come to understanding the 'truth' of the first year inside this nightmare.
 It's YUGE
 Great book! Scary to think such a blatantly inept person is President. Reading this book makes you think the circus took over White House. The jugglers, clowns, and oddities are all there in the White House. God help us!
 Great read, and I have it on Kindle on iPhone so I can instantly pull it up and read it anywhere and be reminded that facts really do matter.
 Even though the author uses tedious and unnecessary words throughout, I love the message it sends about Trump.  I realize that every detail may not be 100, but I am sure most of it is true.  I love that we are a society where we can voice our disagreement and can vote.
 This book is phenomenal.  Although trump tried to block it at first because he heard it had bad things about it, the truth is he is too lazy or incapable to read more than the occasional teleprompter.  But as the Mueller investigation has unfolded, it demonstrates that what Michael Wolff wrote about the trump WH is true.  And that it was primarily learned from Steve Bannon.  It's a great book!  I bought the audio version and have listened to it at least 6 times!
 A must read for all citizens. The man is a world-class narcissist. A national embarrassment.  I hope our republic survives him...
 Most of the has held up despite attempts to discredit it. The last chapter accurately predicted Secretary Tillerson's exit months before it happened. Nothing about the private Trumps in the book is at all inconsistent with the public Trump. I hope the country can survive him.
 I read much about Trump and his antics, but this book exposed me to some things I hadn't read about before.  I thought it was excellent and have recommended it to some of my friends.  I think anyone who votes ought to be required to read this; however, it probably wouldn't change the minds of those who think Trump is wonderful.
 History will record that we are in a rather tumultuous time with a very strange man in the White House. Of course some will dismiss the book as Fake News, but I am sure that if even half of the contents are true, we are in for a bumpy ride.
 I recommend this book of you like sleepless nights, as I  evidently do. It is like a fictional horror movie. I am honestly terrified for my country. We must do something to prevent this from happening again.
 A courageous effort worthy of reading.  Highly recommend, especially for those who don’t follow politics/news closely.
 It's beyond me how this White House staff can get anything accomplished. The place is a mad house, full of crazy, dysfunctional people.
 This is a very well written book. It has helped me get my head around what is really happening in the White House. I think it serves a purpose in that what isn't known is often scarier than what is known...even if what is known is abhorrent. Somehow reading about all the ineptitude that occurs around and with POTUS makes it a bit less depressing. If you don't know the details, you default to a position of all those working in the White House share POTUS views. But, after reading Wolff's book, we see that most if not all of these people share our disbelief and disapproval of his actions.They all try to influence him in order to further their agendas, but alas...in most cases he just does what sounds good to him in the moment. Everything he does is by the seat of his pants with no thought attached. He is a scary man in a very scary time. I can only hope that he is removed from office before serving the full term. If not, it is going to be a very LONG 4 years.
 If you do not follow the political scene or watch the news, you would think that this book must be complete work of fiction. Wolff gives the reader a picture of the White House in turmoil , fueled by egos,nepotism and a complete lack of control. His reporting has been right on; I only wished he offered any options that might give this “reality show” a happy ending!
 Reads wonderfully. Very telling story about the worst mistake America has ever made...and America has made quite a few doozies.
 The real insight into the unprofessional and unqualified bunch of clowns running our government in the White House and the cabinet.  It is truly scary what has happened to this great country.  This president is a disgrace to the United States. As a 20 year retiree from active duty in the United States Army, I am fearful of the future of our great nation. Your book was riveting reading.
 A must-read, but read it as a mix of facts and the author’s editorializing. Gives insight into what’s behind the curtains in the White House. Frightening.
 Highly recommend this book for everyone. Regardless of whether or not you support trump as president, you owe it to yourself to face the reality of the nightmarish chaos he's created in the oval office and in American politics at large.
 The best $15 I've spent in awhile
 If one does not watch the news often, this would have been more enlightening but I cannot say I learned anything new or surprising.  It was interesting but revealed more about Bannon than anyone, in my humble opinion. I am feeling that it is more difficult to learn these things when, apparently, nothing can be done about it.
 I thought it was a riveting read that tied all the pieces together.  And, while I've heard the stories that Michael Wolf has been known to shade the truth a bit, so much of it is already public knowledge.  Told in a fascinating way.  Fascinating, like a car wreck is fascinating -- you just cannot turn your eyes away.  I read the book in two days.  Also, as a result of this book, Bannon is being called before Congress to testify and has been issued a subpoena to go before Mueller.  If the book does nothing more than that, I'm happy.
 The book was almost a chatty version of day to day life as seen by the participants of a pre election campaign and then a chaotic Whitehouse in its early days. It shows people who came in with attitudes of "deliberate change ahead" but without any pre-planning of how to organize, staff and start the implementation.  It gives a scary indictment  of the results of the lack of vetting of nominees for the highest position in the western world and how a lack of understanding of history and intercountry relationships affect world behavior with or without leadership.
 An illustration of the uneducation of the American people. An example of supposedly patriotic leaders our government interested only in their own rather than the country's good!
 Step right up, folks! Hurry, hurry! It's the Greatest Show on Earth!<br/>A circus has taken over the White House. The clown car has disgorged a load of presidential advisors, none of whom stay too long. In this ring we have The Amazing Trump, who has the attention span of a litter of kittens. In the center ring, The Great Scaramucci flies high without a net, oops, send in  the clowns! And in this ring we have the truly incredible contortionist Bendable Bannon, who will now...ooops!  We don't? His act got shut down by the Vice Squad?  Then send in more clowns! We're out of clowns?  They all got fired? Then send in the elephants! What do you mean. no more elephants?<br/>Heh, heh. We're gonna Make America Great Again, folks. Just you wait and see!
 Michael Wolff has done the country and the world a service.
 The book offers little more than confirmation of behaviors and personalities of key players in the White House. I appreciated it was written above a 5th grade level, but found it to be needlessly wordy in many places just to prove it could be so. Layout of content and time frames is segmented and compartmentalized which results in rehashing the same events numerous times with few additional details added.
 an outstanding, credible account of what most people already surmised.
 It has only gotten worse since the book came out.  We voted in a compulsive liar.  Good job America.
 It’s all about Donald Trump’s “Whitehouse,” what more can I say?  The quality of writing (grammar, punctuation, etc) is less than professional, but who cares?  It’s the content that’s counts, which makes this book ideal for those times when you really could use a good laugh!!
 I am not a Trump supporter so I was anxious to read this book.  It really didn't disclose anything that the the press hadn't brought up or that I had not heard.  Now weeks after I read it, the White House is in turmoil.  But, I suspected that it would be.  I have a feeling we haven't seen the worst of it yet.
 I bought the kindle versions so I didn’t have to wait.  Excellent read and reaffirms what I’ve heard about our President!
 There was very little in here I hadn't already heard.  (Any active liberal on FB hears the stories). Just the details around the events, but boring.  To me, a Democrat and vehement anti-Trumper, squabbling between right-wingers is mind numbing.  To me, everything they say or do is despicable, so what does it matter if they fight among themselves? I'm probably the wrong person to rate this.  After finishing it, I donated it to the local library.
 Insightful look into the most dysfunctional WH in history. Read this book.
 Like everyone else, I rushed to buy the book on release day only to find out that it was backordered to eternity.  So I went ahead and got the Kindle edition to read on my computer.  Now that I've finished, It is very much what I expected.  Lots of focus has been on the validity and though I am pretty sure there was plenty of hyperbole, the basic facts line up with reporting done by major newspapers throughout the Trump presidency and revelations in the days since publications have led me to assume that it is true at least to the spirit of what happened.  If truth be told these sorts of books often lean on interpretation and memory, but get the general hard truths correct.  And Wolff definitely does.<br/><br/>I took one star because in the actual writing, I felt like Wolff would at times throw out lofty phrases or words to make himself sound far more educated than he needed.  An editor should have suggested  restraint there.  I don't know if he felt that it would somehow paint Trump's inability to coherently speak seem more stark, but all it really did was point out a level of condescension that didn't need to be there.<br/><br/>I know full well this is a polarizing work and that people will have strong reactions one way or another.  Personally, nothing in it felt particularly shocking and if anything leaned further into things I already knew.  The best use for this book was to refresh myself on the last two years of life with Trump and what that has meant.<br/><br/>For that alone it was worth the read.
 More inside peek at the insanity that has taken over our country, and will soon be removed.  NOT ABOVE THE LAW, but sure thinks he is.  #CadetBoneSpurs is going down.
 Initially didn't want to buy. Until I saw the patriotism in this review section. Won't read the book since media has already carved out the highlights and who's to say it's even true. Supporting capitalism and the Bill of Rights ✊🇺🇸. I'll probably ship it to the White House, Mar-a-Lago, or one of his hotels.
 I might be predisposed to believe what MIchael Wolf describes in the early days of the Trump presidency but if 1/2 of it is true, Trump is a dangerous, ill tempered child.
 This is the horn of Jericho that will bring the walls a tumbling down.  A great read of lies, deceit, and the attempt of another country to gain a foothold of our country and to use their plant to their own ends.
 Just read it. It will help you analyze what's coming. Looks like anti-Bannon forces are way to go in next period
 I read this book and when I stepped outside a beautiful blonde in a red convertible stopped and motioned for me to come over. Anyway, it was that model chick married to that football player for the Patriots. She handed me a pile of his NFL money and asked me to help her spend it. Which I did. *BELIEVE ME!*
 All in all, a great book! There is simply nothing in this account that CAN be a lie -- most of it's events were on the pages of the Washington Post over the past year if you actually paid attention -- Wolff's taped interviews with Trump's aides are only adding some gossipy name calling and black humor to the mix. But this does help the causal reader reconcile why Trump's administration has been so disordered, senile, ADHD and ineffective -- that's the real Trump shining through.  This book is certainly not for people who want the comfort of strongman daddy-leader fairy tales, but it is a nice account of the ultimate humanity of a little tiny man with his little tiny hands.
 There are some great, unforgettable lines. Not much we didn’t already suspect but nice to have it confirmed. Quite well written.
 Every once in a while I need to take a vacation from thinking about politics, but then I get hooked again and this is fun. I listened as audiobook and the reader is great.
 Everything I suspected and more! I was worried I couldn't stomach reading this much about trump but it actually was enjoyable.
 Wolff’s description of chaos and confusion at the White House is definitely plausible. And readable—held my interest. But the book needed an editor. Errors and typos muddy the author’s message and allow his critics to claim none of the book is true.
 Amazing read. At first, I had no intention of buying it but the cease and desist letter from the WH convinced me I HAD to buy this book.
 Quick read. None of it was shocking or surprising since we've all heard the whispers and rumors. Engaging, well written and fascinating. Well worth the purchase.
 Now that Bannon "regrets" what he said as you read this you'll know what he says is not without merit. He may regret what he said now, but he didn't then.<br/> Being from NY I've "known" this so-called man for over 40 years. Every bit of this book is his character, his schtick, his MO.<br/>He got to where he is with profound lies, excessive greed, insatiable thirst for power, and extreme collusion with others like him. He is a lying shyster conman and he'll never change!<br/>My knowledge of him is now completely affirmed.
 I bought this book because President Trump wanted it banned.  Of course, it became an instant best seller.  It was interesting enough for me to finish but it was not very well written.  In addition, the author did not back up a lot of his claims with sources.  Worth purchasing simply to defend the First Amendment.
 The emperor has no clothes.
 A great read. Get to see the inner workings of the 'government' and the mania that is tha Trump admin.
 Love the book so far, can’t wait to finish it. Glad I preordered it currently sold out.
 Nothing new but getting a bit closer to the story as it all unfolded and continues.<br/>I could go on but I’m not going to do that. The country is divided in opinion with little reference to fact so its all loaded. Without critical thinking, we are living in the dark ages where our behavior is based on what we think, rarely on what is true. Truth is always burried under a mask of emotion; when in conversation our argument becomes tight, know we are no longer interested in the truth bur rather being right. In this culture, today, that seems to lead most of what people have to say.<br/>I’ll close by saying I’m pleased that I read the book and I encourage others to do the same. I’m not interested in political parties etc. but rather the character of the individual. That for me says it all, regardless of party affiliations. Be happy and nice.
 waiting for my copy today, probably will stay up all night until I finish it. Then I will gift wrap it, give to one of my republican friends who will not read it and simply say the book is all B.S.
 Though, it might just be the topic because whole circumstance makes me ill feeling, but I didn't find it particularly engrossing or revelatory. It did though, if taken at face value, certainly confirm a lot of what I suspected. But, aside from also experiencing the same things as anyone else on the outside, I have witnessed nothing directly, so I still know nothing.
 Stunning compendium on the events of our time.<br/>I waited a while before reading it avoiding confirmation of worst fears. It's a you finish the story yourself book. I'd rather a happy ending.
 really informative
 And for anyone naive enough to believe the defensive posture coming out of the White House, please know this is NOT a work of ficiton. This is reliable, mature reporting from a reputable journalist and an excellent writer who lays out Trump's first chaotic and dangerous year with precise articulation and exhaustive research. This book is an important work, a game-changer as we move forward, feeling the treachery of an unstable president and a Congress too frightened to speak out against him.<br/>A must-read.
 Other than the bombastic and egotistic need for the author to use abstract and archaic words to try to show his intellect I found the book riveting and couldn't put it down. Well worth the read if you ever had even a sniff of incompetency on the part of the current White House. If like most sensible people you knew this candidate, now president, was an imposter then your instincts will be proven correct.
 Good read. Scary accurate.
 It’s true – the Emperor Has No Clothes.<br/><br/>We know that those who refuse to learn from the past are doomed to repeat history’s mistakes, but I never realized that the same was true about fairy tales.  Until 2016, when the naked emperor himself was elected because too many people were unwilling to see the truth.<br/><br/>With the refreshing honesty of a child, Michael Wolff dares to say what everyone else is thinking.  Better yet, his experienced voice stands on a mountain of research covered in a forest of verifiable facts.  Reading this isn’t always fun, it’s stomach-churning at times to realize what this wannabe leader is getting away with, but the truth doesn’t have to be pretty to be heard.<br/><br/>No wonder the naked emperor tried to stop the production of this book.  Lucky for us, the Constitution still stands and free speech is still important in America.  But only as long as there are those who dare to say what needs to be said, as well as those who are willing to put their money where their mouths are and support the dissemination of the truth.  Yes, we vote at the polls, but we can also speak our minds with our wallets.<br/><br/>Take a stand against small-minded tyranny.  Take a stand for the freedom that has made this country great.  Purchase your copy of this book, or forever hold your peace.
 I wasn’t going to buy this book, it was getting saturation coverage in the media. But when the administration sent the lawyers after it...best publicity imaginable. The writing is not stellar. I’m giving it five stars mainly to annoy 45 and his hardcore supporters. Kudos to the publisher for the brilliant decision to take advantage of the circus and move up the release date.
 Ironically it’s is a confirmation from the inside of the sickness we see from the outside.All the symptoms of  this diseased , dysfunctional, irrational , illiterate Whitehouse was evident from the outside. The stage 4 cancer like condition is clearly effecting the surrounding branches of our government. The daily doses of irrelevant tweets is only further evidence of a decline in the state of our union with no hope of remission. Barack and Michelle were a tough act to follow on so many levels but this Whitehouse has become The Greatest Show on Earth . There is no shortage of clowns, flying trapeze artists, animals and snake oil dealers! Actually it gives the circus a bad name.
 My wife loves the book and feels the same about that egomaniac in Washington
 I find the book on interesting and difficult to get through but I’m not giving up
 You can't keep track of the players without a scorecard. This book helps to keep all the characters straight. A good reference as new indictments are issued.
 I think the biggest surprise was how his own staff thought Trump was a joke. My biggest question: Can Trump read and comprehend?
 It is an interesting read and eye opener. However there are a few things that may have been stretched a bit. Everybody should read it and come to their own conclusion
 Basically what you can deduce from seeing the news, reading the tweets, blah, blah.
 The first year of the accidental president veers from thriller to farce. Great reporting by a fly on the wall.
 70% of this book is factual...100% of this book is pure entertainment. Nuff said :)
 Even if you don't plan on reading this book it's worth the $15 to show Americans will not stand for censorship. I'm not sure I have the strength to endure much more of Trump and all things that come along with him but I also feel a sense of duty to support something he's so adamantly against.
 I expected this to be far more controversial than it is. The anecdotal information would seem to be easily confirmed and the criticism mild compared with what has followed. Quite readable: it’s enjoyable to have the mind boggled by human stupidity, but not so much when the results are so dire.
 Dysfunctional family moves into WH and dark comedy ensues. My favorite episode was the week of Mooch.  You just can't make this stuff up.<br/><br/>We are truly at a precipice. Save us, Mr. Mueller!
 The author uses too many "BIG" words. Not for a common dummy like myself. Luckily - I have a built-in dictionary on my Kindle - because<br/>I have to look up at least one or two (sometimes more) words on each and every page. I like the book - but would have enjoyed it more if he<br/>would have written it with less "BIG" words. (Maybe it's just me - I'm not sure !!) I've read many books in my lifetime (75 years young), and never<br/>had to look up the definitions of so many words. Takes away from enjoying the book.
 I liked how really exciting the content was relayed and how eye opening the politics at the White House. I'm an independent because of the controversy on both side. A single focus would be helpful for this administration this roller coaster and lack of respect for all sides is part of the problem. It's amazing anything gets accomplished in Washington!
 I'm looking forward to the inevitable film version of this, but I am not enjoying living it.
 It seems that Trump is the master of the cluster  #$%?
 Excellent book on the in’s and out’s of The Trump White House. Truly a moment in World History that needs to be written about.
 This report confirms what we would suspect happens behind the scenes of the Trump White House given the incompetence and chaos we actually see of Donald and the band of misfits and thugs he surrounds himself with.
 FIRE AND FURY -Michael Wolff<br/><br/>By Bill King<br/><br/>In the early pages of Fire and Fury Steve Bannon is quoted as saying “Day One we’re moving the US Embassy to Jerusalem” Candidate Trump  speaking of the Clinton team as oppose to his team often said “They’ve got the best and we got the worst” On Day-1 in the CIA Speech Trump wearing a Dark Overcoat made him appear as a hulking gangster look . On the Friday the Immigration and Travel Ban went into effect that causes so much chaos thought-out  the country was all Bannon’s doing who’s attitude was no checking with lawyers, or People in the departments that knew the laws was just to do it and Trump just signed what was placed in front of him. Trump did not  he treat anyone with any sort of basic or reliable courtesy. Before settling on Neil Gorsuch as his SCOTUS Nominee he wanted to nominate former NYC Mayor Rudy Giuliani but had to be talked out of it by his aids. In the chapter on CPAC Wolff says there was a joint appearance on stage by Reince Priebus and Steve Bannon Priebus wearing makeup looked like a mannequin and Bannon sans makeup looked like a Country Music Star he was Johnny Cash (Why are you insulting the late Great Johnny Cash who was anything but a Conservative.  Throughout Steve Bannon was looking for a 50 year reign of the alt. Right . When Syria launched a chemical attack against it’s people many children were killed Trump seeking advice hoe to respond was advised by Steve Bannon to stay out of it as it’s not our fight. Jared and Ivanka sought a more forceful response Trump had  launched Tomahawk Missiles.  Toward the end of the book there was open hostility between the The Jared and Ivanka (Jaranka) wing and the Bannon wing of the White House. And Steve Bannon stopped talking to Hope Hicks. Interesting Book a bit slow at points but worth a read.
 Interesting content but think this is his first draft.  Sentences that aren't sentences, typos, and a run on of run on sentences.  Makes it difficult to read and I regret buying it.
 Good grief. This is a most shameful episode in our history, and we ain't seen the worst of it yet.
 A wild, gossipy, horrifying romp. Wolff, a splendid writer, has been criticized as a poor reporter, but F&amp;F isn’t “reporting” in the usual sense - it’s a tone poem of chaos and madness, and thoroughly believable. (His disparaging critics have yet to identify serious misstatements).
 A must read for the scandal.
 I only gave it 3 stars because it is important to have books that challenge those in power. That said, there was very little in the book that I didn't already know from news articles and television coverage of the White House. The writing style was not particularly dynamic, and appeared poorly edited and proofread. I felt as if they publishers had rushed it to market without thoroughly editing. But I am glad to have it just so that all the information is in one place. And people who have not followed the Trump regime as closely as I have will find it informative up to a point.
 WOW!  In spite of all the awful news about Trump, none of us know what is really going on inside an INSANE White House till we read this!  It's shocking and weird but rings totally true. All Americans should read it to know why we are losing the democracy we love.
 Certainly interesting!  Gives you lots of food for thought about the White House and the President especially since much has happened since the book has been released.  Engaging and a fast read
 The fact that Trump hates this book and we have to deal with his craziness until his Impeachment. The book is so worth it. Hope people understand America deserves better and this can NEVER happen again.
 WHAT. A. BOOK.
 Easy to listen to in writing style — and so amazing in content — despite being aware of all the drama occurring daily. Listen/Read for a while, then take a break to read the news about an insane Trump tweet...then you will want to get back into this book even more. The loop of insanity.
 In a strange way it's surprising that none of this is surprising; the backstabbing, intrigue, the maneuvering and endless treachery. We've all witnessed and been appalled by it for a year now. But to get the details, the scurrilous details of how mean spirited and conniving everybody is, of the endless jockeying, and most importantly of how downright stupid and illiterate the president is - it's depressing but in a way it's also a confirmation. It is so past time for this country to wake up.
 With every turn of the page the events described from several sides of the varied subsets within the staff are more amazingly bazaar than the previous pages.<br/>There is humor, truly concerning behavior and stranger than truth circumstances that are difficult to believe, but then again perhaps not.
 This administration is a criminal enterprise and I look forward to the day when we are free of them.
 Big thanks to Donald Trump for the book recommendation.  Had he not made a big stink about its publication, I may have waited for my local library to get a copy.  I was dying to see what he wanted to prevent from becoming public.  Michael Wolff, thanks for the public service; I hope it brings you a fortune.
 Mr. Trump, good luck trying to block publication of the book.
 eye opening.
 The dysfunction of the trump white house writ large. This is the type of book you get 10 years after the administration is over. It's amazing to see it in progress.
 Everything you thought was going on with these lunatics, and then some. It isn't Hunter Thompson's "Fear and Loathing," but it certainly made it obvious how incompetent these people are.
 Describes the man to a tee...if only 30% of the book is accurate...no one should have voted for this POS. I myself feel most of the facts in the book reflect actually who he is
 I got the Kindle version of this book right after its release because I didn't want to wait 2 weeks for the back order.  It was pretty much exactly what I expected.  It  further exposes the man who sits in the highest office in our land as a buffoon who stumbled into the White House despite his best efforts to fail.  Starting the book is like eating the first bite of popcorn.  It's satisfying and you want more.  As the book goes on, you start to get full and finally after finishing a little over half the bucket you start getting a bit nauseous.  That's exactly how I felt.  I devoured the first half of this book with ever mounting outrage but I reached a saturation point.  By two-thirds of the way through the book, it just becomes so disgusting and disturbing that I found it hard to continue.  This man is our president, our representative of America to the world.  He is not only racist and misogynistic, but he is also a complete buffoon.  Not even his own children respect him.  It made me sick to know that it's not as bad as I had feared, it's worse.  The book is well written and certainly something that will be eye opening but if you tend toward pessimistic views, you may find yourself becoming depressed and despondent after reading it  Come on America!  We are better than this idiot.  Read the book, get informed and take action.
 A very difficult read due to the rushed editing and continuous profanity.  However, for those seeking multiple avenues of information in the current national narrative, it plays its part.  Should be accompanied by personal research and additional reading on the part of readers.
 So of course I imagine there are some gaps here in the story but this book matches up with the public images of theses so called political characters who are trying to lead are country.  Sadly my fears of a circus reality show are confirmed by not just this book but ever day events.
 To sum it up regarding Trump, Barnum and Bailey would be proud.
 For someone who has for decades seen Trump as a narcissistic clown, this was a fun read - except for the danger to which he has exposed our country and the damage he has already done.
 Stable genius???
 Interesting and alarming content.  The mess in the White House and in our federal government is even worse than I imagined.
 Reads fast, makes one shudder occasionally, if you don't love him to begin with you'll love him even less after you read this.
 I believe the book is tame in comparison to what is happening now (4/6/2018). It is will be very interesting to see how conservative America acts in the next 2 years.
 All through the book, I thought how could this man be elected president.  Still in shock.
 Batshit crazy that THIS took place.  Trump is a disgrace but the author had a front row seat to share the state of the WH.  The final chapter cannot come soon enough.  But the damage that Trump and his swamp has caused to the USA will take decades to repair.
 Pretty much everything I expected coming out of the dysfunctional Trump White House.  A great read for anyone who leans left, and a nightmare for those who lean right.
 Michael Wolff you are my hero. !!!!!<br/><br/>I wish I could have added my dirt on him to your  book. Just being a new yorker seeing him over the years operate. He knows the price of turning a man/woman to his ways. We grew up with this Confidence Man. He makes elmer gantry look innocent. Try reading Melville s book. From ace nyc
 It’s hard to like a book whose central characters are all so unlikeable.  Fascinating to listen to the plotting of these criminals from the sidelines.  Just so sad to see how deplorable American politics has become!  These people have made such hideous policies since their rise to power! Our poor planet!  We need to get them out of here ASAP!
 While I doubt that all of the nuanced interpretations are correct, the book “feels like” the Trump administration...flippant, opinionated, and outrageous...just like our president. Unlike our president, this book sounds like the truth.
 Seemed so vital, but was just a prelude to the many more terrible things trump has been responsible since then. Im sur emichael wolfe wishes he had stayed on that sofa just a little longer
 The book certainly rings true in many places.  It is relevant and sad. The book reads like a non-stop newspaper with details on many of the topics and issues one reads and hears daily about the ignorance and fecklessness of the current White House.
 The book is well written. It tells the background story of the people at the White House. It is told by a person who talked with people over months. The author had access and it reads as truth. Recommend it to anyone who wants insight into the machinations.
 Very good read and revealing.  Still only 4 stars because, well, 5 to me is exceptional.  But, the only thing wrong is that it still does not address the thing (whatever it is) that is the genius of this moron.
 Great book. And I think 95% of it is probably true.
 Very very interesting view of the people in the white house and how it all is managed or mismanaged.  These are a very scary group of people with no long term understanding of the world or of the constitution.  Trump is a huge embarrassment and laughing joke around the world.<br/>Thank you Michael.
 This book only confirms my thoughts about Donald Trump in the White House. To me it is clear he is a loose canon in the Oval Office. It is also clear that Trump's claims of genius are seriously out of line. The book is well written and straight forward. Of course, in books of this type it often has a hidden agenda but I saw no reason to doubt based on Trump's daily behavior.
 Great insight into an American crisis. Frighten, comical, believable, well documents down earth. Don't miss one of the easiest to read and most informative books of the year
 Excellent book. Shows a clear, "fly on the wall" perspective of our brilliant President and his well oiled West Wing machine. I recommend everyone read this........<br/><br/>Depressing, in a way, but  it's good for a few laughs, too.<br/><br/>Don't read this if you're a Trump supporter. I'm sure someone (Hannity, maybe?) has already told you not to do so.
 Great read. It's catching a lot of heat from the right for being too harsh, but honestly, the author does a great job of taking rather scathing quotes from Trump's inner circle, and spinning them into the best possible narrative for Trump. I think it's fair. If anything, the left should probably be mad it isn't more outrageous. Really it just reads like the daily articles you see on the White House, and kind of just confirms... it's an ugly time to be involved in American politics.
 Now that Bannon is free to speak, he hasn't denied anything in this book.  Rollicking, fun read. A must gift to all the GOP folks in your family.  I gave 5 as gifts.
 Many people may assume at first glance that this book is biased. I am here to tell you that it is not. The author truly took every person's view into account. Collecting arguments from every angle possible truly was the best way to tell the truth.
 One of the best books about who will go down as the worst President in the history of the United States.
 Interesting read, incredible what goes on in politics and when you have a loose cannon in office like this buffoon.
 Anyone who’s followed this administration and listened or read tweets can verify this book is accurate. Wolff’s laid back style of writing makes it fun and easy to stay interested.
 This should be required reading for every American!
 This is a gossipy book which may or may not be accurate, although subsequent events are tending to bear out its veracity.  An interesting read.
 The author, Michael Wolff writes an easy-to-read, understandable narrative and he is credible. While what the actions of the chief character in the book seem more like absurd fiction, Wolff's research, personal experience and reporting tell me it's not: it's real! While the situation in today's White House is sad for our American democracy and it's hard to read about it, every citizen of this country needs to the read this book..
 The stories are good/bad/sad entertaining but shameful that this is what the presidency has become. The reason for only 3-stars is because there are too many typos and grammatical errors for such a well-know journalist that's it's very off putting to read.
 The incompetence of this entire administration is surpassed only by its ignorance.  Warning...take a stiff drink before reading this book.
 Beyond the politics there is a cast of characters thrown together in what appeared to be a victory, the Presidency, but as the tale is told what unravels is the grasp for power and money.
 Great book. Almost comical if it wasn't a look inside the "leader of the free world" and his administration.
 The book confirms our worst fears about Trump. Who he is as a man is frightening. The book gives a detailed look into how unprepared he is to be the President. He does not read. Has no grasp of the role of the President and and has a woeful knowledge of history. It is beyond scary that this not very intelligent bullshitter is in charge of the USA. Its no wonder he does not believe in global warming, or civil rights. He is a bigot and a carnival barker. Bravo Wolff!
 This book is much better written than I expected from the reviews.  An interesting inside view of the Trump White House.  I am not sure why people sensationalized it so much.  It isn't any more controversial than other books about other presidents that I have read.
 The book was very informative. Kept me reading until the end. I think everyone should read it before commenting on it.
 For anyone who has an interest in politics, this is a must read. It truly sums up what I expected to see about the Trump White House and Trump himself. I feel for those who took the call to help the administration to serve the country, and are now stained by the Oval Office.
 Everything you thought the Trump White House was like x 100. An historic political exposé.  Be warned, this book will keep you up at night. If you've always wished you could be a fly on the wall in the Oval Office, read on!
 Sure it’s catnip for my liberal sensibilities and it probably plays fast and loose with the details, but it actually makes the calamities coming out of this administration make some kind of sense. It’s a simultaneously horrifying and infinitely entertaining romp through the train wreck that is the Trump presidency. I actually read the majority of it aloud to my wife so she wouldn’t miss it. My voice is shot, but it was worth it!<br/><br/>I highly recommend it for anyone interested in some of the mechanics and power dynamics of the administration and why it so often seemed (and still seems) to be so comically dysfunctional. Of course it really all comes back to The Donald, who whose utter lack of discipline, knowledge and capability make this awful reality possible. But the other players at work, who effectively make the White House their playground of power struggles, also contribute a great deal to antics.<br/><br/>The surprising thing is that Steve Bannon, however reprehensible his politics, often comes off looking like the one sane person in the building. He knows all of Trump’s failings and frequently calls them out, at least when Trump is not around. He knows that Trump is his own worst enemy and that his actions will lead to ruinous consequences, but quite often he’s powerless to stop him, because Trump is well... Trump, and will not have his behaviors dictated to him, no matter how sage the advice might be.<br/><br/>The times when we’ve seen something incomprehensible happen and it looked like it was Trump alone behind it, but assumed that there was some greater plan by the administration at work, it really was just Trump. Often the White House staff were as horrified as the general populace, if not more so because they had to deal with the fallout. He’s always going with his instincts and said instincts are often the worst when it comes to functioning in a civil society, to say nothing of being an effective president.<br/><br/>But I digress. Basically if you want some delightful dirt-dishing, pick this up. It will be an amazing read.
 Granted, there is new information in Wolff's book.  However, I am finding it more like reading a text book with a rehashing of the past year's most unfortunate events in the White House.  I am distracted by sentences/statements that begin with the word "which".  Grammatical errors  drive me nuts, especially when they're supposedly edited by educated people.  What is going on?!  While I'm being picky, the book itself appears to contain second rate paper quality with poor assembly.  In spite of my negatives, however, I am thankful it was published and American still has free press!
 Wolff spent quite a lot of time in the White House and interviewed 200 people. From his report, it seems the guy is even worst that we imagined. To be whole credible, however, the author should have done more indications about the credentials of some of the relevant sources he quoted or relied on. Anyway, a must read book
 I am not a phoney billionaire.  I am an hourly worker who is happy to spend $15 to read Fire and Fury the book Trump could not stop from being published in the USA.  Even if you don’t read the book, it is worth $15 to show that censorship doesn’t work here.  If you too are against censorship, get your copy.
 I liked the insights provided by the author into the world of Trump. The book had a number of interesting passages but after awhile, the narrative became boring and seemed to be just be repeating the same observations with different particular situations. I listened to the Audible book and the narrator was not that interesting to listen to, which also distracted from the content.  After reading this, I listened to Unbelievable by Katy Tur which provided related insights on the Trump campaign but in a more engaging way.
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Fire-and-Fury-Inside-the-Trump-White-House/dp/1250158060">Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House</a><br/>Nothing new to add to the review. I bought the hard-back even though I'd already gotten it for my wife on Kindle, just to thumb my nose at the concept of saying you can't publish something in a free country. That probably did more for the book sales than any publicity campaign could do.<br/>The writing is not all that good IMHO, I haven't gotten past the third chapter in over a month...
 What a great insight into a one of the hugest management errors ever. We are going to be talking about The Trump for ages to come and what he did to the Republicans and the US political system. May be the beginning of the Fall of the American Empire is he is allowed to do too much damage in the White House?
 You have to read it for yourself. There has been so much discussion about the veracity of the contents of this book. I believe history will bear out the truth of this narrative.
 Fascinating book. I believe a great portion of this book, but would temperate the outrageous antidotes, as somewhat moderately true  Time will tell what will happen to this presidency and our country.  And it is a frightening future I am afraid.  Yes I recommend this book. But I find Wolff,s writing style extremely difficult to read. Plus all his unnecessary and ridiculous over the top vocabulary.
 I like the immediacy of it.....I would have liked more of other people than Bannon...although I have to say, even tho' I don't like his policy views, he was the smartest guy in the room....but, given what he had to work with, that isn't saying much....!!  and of course his political instincts are far afar better than Trump's ....again, the bar is pretty low here one has to admit..!!
 It would’ve been an enjoyable and amusing read if it weren’t so likely to be true. A great reminder that every vote counts.
 Even though I believed most of what was in this book, I only gave it 3 stars because there were no references to any the important information. I applaud Mr. Wolff for writing this story it confirmed what I already suspected from a president with no government or military experience.
 very interesting to  learn about the inner workings and behind the scenes drama going on in this sham administration. shame three million voters choices were ignored by the ridiculous electoral college system
 The publication of this book is a watershed.  It marks the beginning of the end for the Trump administration.  The portrait it paints of the man-child named Trump is so devastating that it’s impossible to imagine that he’ll ever be able to redeem his reputation.  This is a must read.
 It was funny. It doesn't seem far from the mark in regards to Trump's very public persona. Not really a well written book, but it was entertaining in this year and a half of doom, gloom, and political induced national paranoia.
 Great book. Well written. Extensively researched and absolutely believable. I wanted the book to keep going —especially into the Russian investigation and what’s really happening in the White House. Like how much more of Trump’s affairs will Melania put up with before she leaves?
 Strong groundwork and devastatingly truthful. The book truly puts into print what we all really know about this demon in the WH.<br/><br/>The Author's command of english is respectable but to make the tome an easy and light interesting read, does the author really have to use complex words and grammatical twists that only make the book a rather difficult read.....?
 I could go on and on. As 2018 is moving ahead, the more you will believe every word in this book. Our Prez is already an open book, pun intended!<br/>There are certain parts which are way too slow and unnecessary. But its a good read overall !
 Poorly edited but gives a chronological timeline and an inside look into the most dysfunctional White House ever. It reads pretty much like the news everyday. One mismanaged disaster and treasonous act after another.
 hahaha. Wow is all I can say.
 Seems extremely plausible, as disturbing as this seems. Time will either confirm or correct the facts. I hate to think it is all true but encouraged that despite it all, the American system keeps functioning.
 Not sure every word is a true accounting of what is happening below the surface appearance of things, but the overall perception of chaos rings through loud and clear. Certainly worth the read,
 Informative....nice to know what many of us think of this fool is true.
 What I read didn't surprise me but saddened me. If you've stayed on top of the news, it will verify what you've read and heard.
 A few interesting tidbits about what Wolff claims is going on in the White House but nothing that makes me believe he really knows much.  It's a lot of hype in my opinion.  You can tell the book was hastily written and definitely needs a good edit which makes it a difficult read.  The problem is mostly in how much is really true vs. speculation.  For me, it wasn't worth the money.
 It confirms my suspicions about what an unqualified, ignoramus Donald Trump is by showing how disorganized he is and how completely unqualified his entire staff is.  Made me hate him even more and hope the Attorney Meuller finishes his investigation and the useless person is impeached!
 Could not give it a five, only because the writing was wordy, or written in a hurry? Great read, though:) Actually, a lot of it makes complete sense, especially when you consider all that is happening as we speak. Can you say dysFUNCtional? Yup.
 In interviews with Wolf, everyone keep asking, "how did you get your information?"  I found myself, while reading, asking the same question.  It's an interesting read.  Nothing really new or untold.  Naturally, it reads like a reality show.  Fun read.  Even laughable at times.
 tells it like it is
 Well written expose on the behind the scenes fiasco going on in the White House.  Particularly liked the battle between Democrat Jarvanka, Establishment Priebus and Alt right Bannon.
 I truly believe this man is a nut<br/>He's got a quite coarse hair right up his butt<br/>Which makes him so grumpy<br/>And, also quite dumpy<br/>He opens his big mouth<br/>He goes even more south<br/><br/>A gentleman?  Not!<br/>He's second grade snot<br/>Who voted him in?  Not I!  Not that spin!<br/>It's like going in circles, around and around<br/>And, never the truth, shall ever be found!<br/><br/>Who let this nut loose?<br/>As loose as a goose!<br/>That's even too good!<br/>He verges on hood!<br/><br/>He sits on the pot<br/>And lets out the snot!<br/>Poopin' and tweetin"<br/>Lyin' and cheatin'.<br/><br/>Drawing his lines<br/>Posting his whines!<br/><br/>He thinks he's the greatest<br/>This "Johnny Come Latest"<br/>In love with himself<br/>This narcissist elf<br/><br/>Sittin' there tweetin'<br/>Yikes! What a beatin'<br/>Starin' in the glass<br/>This narcissist ass!<br/><br/>Looney and flighty<br/>Dare-y and spite-y<br/>See what you got<br/>When you voted for hell?<br/>Now we all have to put up with the smell!
 Absolutely eye opening. Everyone regardless of their party affiliation should put this as their #1 book to read in 2018!  Certainly questioned me to look deeper into my ability to go beyound “hyperbole”!  This is a must read!
 This book is only the tip of the iceberg......
 What can anyone say it's another try at taking nothing and trying to make it into something much bigger than it was ever mean to be.  It seems to me that they tried really hard to come up with something that would sound good but not look to easy to see though. He needs to go away before he hurts America worse than he all ready has.
 I hate Trump. That being said, the writer was sloppy in his research and even basic editing principles. I read about half of it, and there's a lot of juicy gossip, but knowing that there are at least some facts that are wrong makes it difficult to finish.
 WOW...This is the sitting President of The United States of America. This advice is not in the book but... WAKE UP PEOPLE, this stuff is real.
 Lots of things that were head scratchers explained. Like Bannon was, possibly, placed on the security council to babysit Flynn. Ivanka isn’t bright. Bannon is an egomaniac who, like Trump, can’t keep his mouth shut. The guy wants war with China. Has he ever been there? And, the competing interests, power grabs, and wanton tarnishing of career bureaucrats and opportunists is fascinating to see. What a train wreck.
 It is well written and I am still working on it, going back to situations to see it I can believe.  The subject is so volatile and unethical, this points out those traits.  Everyone should read no matter their party affiliation.
 I have always thought Trump was a con man and a fraud this book confirmed it.
 Great listening - all things considered.  Can this be entered into evidence when we impeach?
 This book provides fascinating insight into the Trump White House. Although the administration labeled this book "total lies" and "grotesque," it obviously believed the quotes from Bannon, which make up a good deal of the book. While much has been made of gramatical errors or getting a few names wrong, the author had access to the White House (Gorka recently confirmed this in a Tweet, Bannon has not denied his quotes, etc) and people talked to him. A lot. The backstory on who was leaking what to negatively impact their perceived enemies/competition put last year's unprecedented number of leaks into perspective. Bannon was the one who leaked that Kushner asked the Russians for a back channel!?!? Not the "deep state"? Wow. And little is made of the president's alleged lack of "mental capacity" in this book (it is only mentioned near the end), so that point was blown up by the media. After reading what a disaster the White House staff is, one can only logically question the president's ability to manage and think through serious issues beyond what impact his actions will have on the media as part of his grand show.
 The revelation by the author that he said he was writing a more positive book to get the inside access required costs it one star.  But overall a revealing read that does help explain some of the chaos that is still going on to this day.  i.e. Tillerson out for saying Russia was involved in the attempted murder of a former citizen on foreign soil when our Supreme Leader did not want to mention his buddy Vlad, kinda thing.  The book does shine some insight, and pity for the staff.  The Left will love it and the Right will call it Fiction.  What else do you expect.
 An inside view unlike any you'll ever read. What get swept under the rug sometimes is that fact that the author has know the present for over 20 years.  They ran in the same circles in New York. Attended the same cocktail parties and rubbed elbows with all the same people. When the president found out who was writing this story, he was relieved and let his guard down.  The author was given total &amp; complete access. Loved what he uncovered.
 I've heard a lot that everything in here should be taken with a grain if sakt, but honestly it matches with everything else I've heard about this horrible administration. Broad strokes, it seems accurate. Good writing too
 I learned more about the development of the difficulties in the Trump White House.  Tough read but worth the time.
 We got what we, the world,  just didn't need.  What is this man using as his template for making America Great Again? Read the book and you decide.
 While there are some minor errors, overall the book is very well-documented and quotes conversations and statements made by White House insiders, including Bannon, Walsh, Kushner, Ivanka, Powell, Cohn, Priebus and others.  Much of the new material simply confirms much of the chaos and insanity we've heard from Trump directly, either in his off-script ramblings or puddle-of-consciousness Tweets. Of course, if you're part of the "base" or if you get your news from Hannity or Limbaugh, etc., you will be directed by your Obergruppenfeuhrers to decry the book.  Well wortth the money just to poke a so-called President who doesn't believe in the First Amendment.
 Amazing. Americans must protect the country. We cannot go on this way.
 Clearly shows the Trump is not capable of effectively governing our country.  It also calls into question any one who supports him.  His vision, and the vision of Bannon, is clearly not the type of America envisioned by our forefathers, no matter how much they want to lay claim to a monopoly on patriotism.
 Great inside view of that circus in the White House. I know there will be a movie!
 Entertaining and sobering. Michael Wolff has opened a window into he Trump Presidency which will cause many to lose sleep and I don't just mean progressives. Trump's mercurial nature as illustrated in Wolff's book is on display as we endure the current government shutdown. Provoked, in no small part unquestionably by a president who can not allow a win-win negotiation but who sees every negotiation  one n which  "I win", "you lose". The DACA bi-partisan bill fell to this caprice as did the CR bill which Senator Schumer thought Trump had agreed to, but reneged upon. No president in history would have been able to survive one term with this type of arbitrariness. Unfortunately, the Republican Party, always more beholden to their benefactors rather than their constituents, has shown an ethical vacuity which has enabled this mess of an administration. Michael Wolff likely has surprised no-one (his own estimation) since we should have seen this coming. I will give it four stares rather than five due to editorial laxity (misspelling, errors in context, etc. )which show it was rushed to print. Although overall I highly recommend the book for an overview of the state of our politics today.
 I will probably never read this book, I bought to keep it on the best seller list a little longer just to piss guess who off.
 I was shocked to experience the first year of the Trump presidency, and therefore felt compelled to read this inside account. Actually the book doesn't add much to all the stories you already know about. So from a sensationalist perspective there isn't much value. From a literary perspective there's not much to come for either. Poorly written and edited.
 Worth reading to truly understand the disencion and distrust within White House administration.<br/>Unfortunately too many of the facts outlined in the book are being proven correct.<br/>I like Trump to a certain extent, but very concerned with Russia influence.
 It looks like someone finally came along and said the king has no clothes. This is probably the first of many books that will be written about Trump’s deficiencies. I can’ wait for the movie.
 Great book.  No surprises.  What a scumbag
 A major conclusion to this book is DJ Trump loves chaos, conflict, &amp; confusion in all things around him.  Keeping his inner circle, including his family, plotting against themselves continuously truly pleases him.  When he was DJT in his golden tower that may have been cool and most Americans really didn’t care but now as President, the entire US population cares and 65-70% KNOW that there is NOTHING at all cool about this.  Looking forward to some major change this year, 2018, to save America from this insanity.  God help us all.
 This book just confirms what I've always thought.
 Fire and Fury is a meaningful work of investigative journalism.. Michael Wolff camped out at the West Wing from Jan. 20 to late August 2017. What you get is a painting of total disfunction.<br/><br/>My copy is marked up like a college textbook.
 Almost too much to digest i. A lump sum, but it answers a lot of questions I had. All in all its a good read and a good French lesson . Merci.
 I've been consuming the news coming from this White House avidly.  Fire and Fury provides a good synopsis of the Trump presidency.  It's helped me to better understand relationships among the players and rationales that I hadn't fully appreciated.<br/>It cements the argument that this White House is in a constant state of turmoil with a grossly incompetent president at the helm.<br/>I highly recommend this book for any thinking person, who wants a better understanding of this unfortunate mess.
 news saturated coverage of content was quite thorough.  exposes the administration up close and personal with shocking details and clarification.
 If 50% of this book is true, or directionally correct, God help US because incompetent, self-interested, self-dealing Elected Politicians, their families, staffers and cronies won’t. The swamp just got bigger!
 It shows what a mess our White House is in. There is no one home and kids are making all the decisions.
 This book is hard to read because is does such a thorough job of documenting how bad a person Trump is as president of America<br/>Hard to read??<br/>I had to keep putting it down becuase I got so angry I had to stop reading to calm down.<br/><br/>CWG
 I purchased this book so I could send it to the local library.  Just to tick off trump.  I'll get a kindle version soon and really read it.  :)
 It was an interesting read, however, the most entertaining parts were on the media right away and the rest of the book was a bit of a bore.
 Quick read and very entertaining,  Chaos in the Capitol is the main point.. I hope anyone reading this book will vote to keep Trump to one term or less..
 It was a great book. I liked hearing about the chaos and craziness of the white house. We have a nut residing there and he should be exposed.
 I liked that the truth about Trump came out and the author was very honest and thorough.<br/>I had a hard time with the vocabulary used.  Many words I had never heard of.
 Interesting so far, but hard to read stuff about this man I find so lacking in compassion, morals, intelligence and only self-serving.  The book only serves to strengthen my knowledge and fears about this man being proclaimed President although he didn't "win".
 I couldn’t stop listening. Even if not all true, you definitely get a feel for the competitiveness and free-for-all nature of this WH. Surprised to find myself wishing Trump would take more advice from is Ivanka. Omg. I just realized..That’s how bad it is. Lol
 Not sure how Wolfe got the access he got, but what a view from the inside of what an incompetent child trump is.  Wolfe is a very good writer too.
 Wow!!  Couldn't wait to get my hands on this book and it did not disappoint.  Well written.  Very engrossing read.  Should be required reading for all U.S. citizens. Engaging til the end.  But scary when I look back and remind myself that this is not a fictional tale.
 Competing religious like agendas, massive egos coupled with a total lack of self awareness and appreciation for the complexities of running the office of the Presidency of the United States. Sad...
 This book is where I got some glimpse of Bannon. The guy has some strange lingo that is hard to understand. I don't understand how anyone could follow him. His slang is very obscure. Frump never seemed to have made any use of him, so didn't miss much by firing him.<br/><br/>I left the book on a bus stop for who ever wants it. Its not worth keeping after reading it. like a newspaper
 Real news.
 Inside peek at disfunctional WH. 4 stars because it was not fully verified
 1,  I enjoyed reading the book because it reinforced much of my thinking and opinions about FnM.<br/>2.  I particularly liked the first 100 pages because the author filled me in on a lot of background that was missing previously.<br/>3.  I was/am particularly appalled at the gutter language of today's political leaders in their everyday interaction with each other. No wonder our vocabulary has become so diminished from the past.<br/>4. Along these same lines, the author seems to be having to prove his ability to rise above the norm with his opinions that include complex words with meanings only found by combing the dictionary.<br/>5. The middle 100 pages were worth reading in order to develop a picture of the characters and their WH setting and interaction... Not boring but a little slanted toward character assassination by the author..<br/>6. The last 100+ pages brought me up-to-date, again because I am open to it, and gives me talking points for table discussion. The filthy language of Bannon is particularly disturbing and gets in the way of my own clarity of thiought.<br/>7. I have recommended this book to many others  on both sides of the aisle to read for issue clarity.<br/><br/>Thank YOU, Michael Wolff for this singular timely piece of work &amp; Mcmillan Corp for publishing it with immediate grace.<br/><br/>Love CHILDREN with a ZERO Footprint, Mr. Ed
 The book gave great insights into the behind the scene maneuvers of the people in the Whit House. Explained the background that led to many of the hiring and firing of various. Revealed who the leakers really are and that no one expected Trump to win. Showed that Trump is a puppet whose strings are pulled by various people. Great read. All I expected plus some!
 Very good and informative. Worth the price
 That was eye opening to say the lest. I was not disappointed in what I read. It solidified my concerns about 45!!!
 Recap of events. Interesting descriptions of the Trump family members and what other staffers think of them. The ambitions  of them and the lack of insight and abilities is amazing. Recommend reading for all “Trumpers”.
 Not sure about Wolff’s audience here. I have a master’s degree in English literature and I still had to repeatedly consult a dictionary for some errant word. Seemed pretty salacious in general and much of the content had already been reported in the press. Still. I don’t regret reading it,
 It didn't live up to its hype and it wasn't that well written.  All the book really says is that the Trump White House has staff problems and infighting, just like every new administration.  Trump's infighting and problems are worse because his staff is both generally inexperienced and not a group that worked together for years on a campaign, thereby developing relationships.
 Disliked the run-on sentence structure of the book. Appreciated the honesty and the insights into the chaos and the madness of people running our country.
 If half this is true, some folks will wind up in jail. I am not a party person and am an Independent political thinker.  I got quite discouraged.  It is about money, power, and crooks who really only show lotalty to themselves, an agenda, and manipulation. The author really shows off a vocabulary I doubt many can understand, at last one word on each page.  Wonder why?  Get on your knees and pray for our country!
 I knew a lot about what was going on in the White House prior to reading this book, what I enjoyed was filling in so many bits and pieces to make great narrative. Every day is a crazy ride in the WH.
 If 10% of this is true (ans I'm sure more than that is) we're in a lot of trouble.
 Before this book, I was on the fence as to whether Trump was playing a complicated game in office or just an out-of-his-depth moron trying to tread water in the big league.<br/><br/>This book pretty clearly demonstrates a President that doesn't want to be president, never wanted to be president, but who is trying to exploit the situation as best as his predatory capitalist little mind can before he is ousted.<br/><br/>With any luck, he and his ilk will end up in orange jumpsuits to match his "tan" and serve as a warning to other reality TV star shysters who run for president as a PR stunt, using our democratic process as an advertising mechanism to sell books, steaks, water, and country club memberships to his tacky properties.
 How would I describe this book?  How COULD I describe this book?  It’s a scary look inside a White House of a President you can’t believe was elected.  It’s a look at history that, at times, I wish I hadn’t seen.  That being said, I wish the author was still there, still reporting.
 The truth. Nothing else.
 good read, eye opening
 So, I ordered mine on Amazon yesterday (hardcover). But after the "stable genius" self-affirming tweet, I couldn't wait another second and had to do something... so, I bought the Kindle version too.<br/><br/> At this rate, more people are going to be reading this book than Torah, Kuran and New Testament combined.  He could not have promoted it better if he himself was getting royalties from it.<br/><br/>Feel like me! Be a patriot and do the country a favor: get at least 2 copies of this remarkable book.
 Spellbinding and utterly fascinating.
 According to this, Trump had a scalp reduction surgery. This information alone makes this book priceless.
 nothing really new in the book if you watch the news and pay attention to whats going on. the book mostly just puts the names of the leakers that the people on tv wouldnt divulge  when they broadcast the insanity of the trump whitehouse.
 If you surmised that the Trump presidency would be very dangerous, this book is a must read. All of America should read it in order to understand just what the country has been dragged into by the election of Donald Trump. FOX News, Breitbart and all their ilk should be banned in America for bringing this upon us all.
 Someone famous said - It's true, you know it - I know it, everyone knows it :D which holds true for this book<br/>Engrossing, captivating readers at every page - learned several new words along the way
 My favorite part was the speech to the FBI in the first few days of Trump’s Presidency.  Whoa-Boy!  If that wasn’t a sign of things to come, then you weren’t listening!  It has been whiplash ever since.
 I am sure better revelations will come as soon the Mueller investigation continues and more people are indicted. Considering this is the first expose is very revealing.
 commander chaos has kept me laughing since day one with the biggest inauguration crowd. I can thank him for that.
 This book is a MUST READ.  It is truly a page turner - the depth of reporting is excellent, and the quotes and back story all feel very credible. One of the best books (if not THE book) of the year.
 If you like uncorrborated political gossip, this book is for you. If you live in reality, it's painful to read and even more painful to think that this ridiculous account was inspired by a real elected Commander in Chief. Ugh and gross.
 A must read, fascinating. This book is a page turner. The writer is like a fly on the wall. It was mesmerizing to get a closer look at the different “factions” in the White House. Very differing ideas of how to move forward. Highly recommended for what ever party you belong to.
 Wolff likes to slip in obscure words on nearly every page, and the book is gossipy of course, but holy moly if the book is even half true - it is horrifying.
 Sounds like a pretty true to life I account to me. I don’t think this is made up either. It’s very well written and offers a very fascinating glimpse into just how much of an organizational mess his first year has been. Like his administration’s policies or not, this is fascinating and scary at the same time.<br/><br/>Trunp made his bed, however.  He was way too far right and extreme (ala Bannon) and is now paying the price.
 I'm a conservative.  However,  I enjoy reading views from the left-leaning side as well (Michael Moore, Stephen Colbert). Maybe I'm just not into hardcore politics,  but I found this book uninteresting.  There were a few interesting pieces of information,  but I wouldn't re-read it. I'd recommend this more to political junkies.
 Overall a good read for both pro- and anti trumpers, as well as anyone in between and just living in these times..... the author likely easily got people to talk by disarming and flattering them.... I learned a lot about politics and the power of money to make things happen, the thirst for power and the danger of an unending need for approval, and the damage it can cause....but because the trump administration makes crazy every day, it all already feels like old news despite the fact that the book was released just one month ago!
 If 5% of this is true, what were you thinking America?  Or should I say, what were the Russians thinking?
 Some of the arguments that are presented as fact are obviously no more than speculation or opinion, but the overall picture of the west wing parallels everyday news of dysfunction, narcissism, and incompetence. The section on Bannon is very revealing and explains quite a bit of the news we read in 2017. Recommended as an entertaining read.
 Not too far from unbelievable!
 In reading this book the supposedly salacious is woven in so smoothly as to feel totally true and real because I'm sure it IS! A GREAT and compelling read. Thanks Mr. Wolff for a brave wonderful book.
 I love gossipy, trashy books about public dumpster fires, and this one is no exception. Read it and weep.
 All I could say is God help our Country and our People. The book is well written .The Subject matter is very scary. Could be he wants us to have a Dictatorship instead of our current form of Government. Just food for thought.
 Not sure if it is all true, but i know most of it is!! I am glad Wolff  took the time to research this book and write so much down Trump is such a useless person and crooked as they come. It was an interesting read getting to know more about the people surrounding Trump and all the discord he causes.
 I don't know what to say. My country is being run by a complete and total narcissist. This guy (POTUS) is like the kid in middle school who gets his 1st girlfriend and when his girlfriend breaks up with him he says "No, I broke up with her first."
 Good look into the inner workings of America's most dysfunctional White House.
 Tru,mp and the inner workings of WH are worse than I thought and wanted to believe. I still don't understand why so many people still support him, especially educated people, congress and members of my family..
 This is a great book that was very informative!  Anyone who doubts this administration or likes this administration really need to read this book!
 A functionally illiterate "president" surrounded by inept, unqualified vandals who had to Google "how to write an executive order," supported by racists.
 Michael Wolff used his nearly unfettered access to the Trump White House (and particularly to Steve Bannon) to paint a vivid picture of the chaos and internal power struggle behind our most peculiar and erratic POTUS.
 Great book. Tells a tail of horror created by the worst president in the history of our country. The book is well written and I believe it is a true story. Trump has to go. He is ruining our country.
 I think the book at times dragged a little but overall it was good. i could've done without hearing about scaramucci again but to be fair it did happen?
 Interesting and timely--a book for this particular time if you want to know the ground gossip in the current White House. I would not say that this is a classic for the ages, or that it should be taught in school.  It delivers what you'd expect.
 We've read Michael Wolff's work before.  He's a great writer who does his research before publishing his work.  Book is extremely well written.  It's readable and understandable.  Trump doesn't like Wolff's writing.  So, what else is new?
 I thought this was interesting in terms of a look inside the White House. It is a depressing look into this reality show president.
 😍<br/><br/>I read Collusion first and then this one and it is incredible what you learn and understand by doing that.
 Great book!! It really shows how are going through the Worst presidency in our history.
 The first part of the book was great; it gave me information I had never heard of before.  But the second half of the book was a little tedious and boring.  Due to the 24-hour news cycle, much of this information has already been gone over and over ad nauseum.
 This book was worth every penny I paid and even more.  Well written and revealed what most Americans already believe.  Trump and his minions aren't draining the swamp.  They are creating a bigger and more deadly swamp.
 I purchased the audible book and it's great. I couldn't stop listening. I walked an extra hour on the treadmill without realizing it because I was so engrossed in the book.
 I liked the ‘fly on the wall’ perspective. I don’t think I learned many new things about the Trump White House, but the atmosphere of confusion and obfuscation about the confusion was illuminated.
 Novel-like, it presents an interesting account of the Trump White House. Not nessarily a tell all, but an interesting read.
 Read it Donald, so you know what people are not telling you.
 Shows the chaos surrounding 45 will be his downfall.  You can't make this stuff up.  We are headed for disaster and this proves it. Wake up America.
 Very good read with interesting material. However, I believe it could have been better organized and less opinionated.  Definitely worth reading for anyone who follows politics.
 Very well-written and absorbing.  Really keeps your interest.  I wish he'd write an update!
 I've enjoyed reading the Fire and Fury -a surprise due to personal preferences and topic.  The book was in great shape and arrived quickly.  Will recommend bookseller to friends.
 Oh, the horror. The horror. Wolff’s been called an unreliable narrator, but I think he gets much right. The out-sized personalities. The paranoia. The chaos. The chickens-without-a-head atmosphere. If it wasn’t so serious it would be comical.
 Preordered and arrived earlier than the anticipated date.  Book itself can be read by randomly selecting chapters or front to back.  It is entertaining, amusing ... and frightening. Passed along to a friend when finished.
 While wanting to like this book, because of my desire to see how the Trump Whitehouse is self destructive, the book dragged on without much structure or direction.  While this may resemble the Trump administration history, the author did not impress me with his writing style.
 Of course I was going to read this to see what it was all about. My biggest takeaway: the oversized male ego and how it creates conflict and problems. You have four men, Trump, Bannon, Kushner and Priebus who all think they are right and know how to best lead the country and none of them are working toward a common goal. It’s all about them and what they individually think is best. I think this is the main reason why this administration looks like a mess. Too many cooks in the kitchen mentality. The women in this administration are struggling to find a way to actually get work done and are constantly being distracted or upended by the “my d*** is bigger than yours” refrain. No communication, no management skills, no cohesive strategies. Until they can all sit down and agree on what they hope to accomplish during this first term, I don’t know how it can get any better. Honestly, even if I didn’t agree with them on a certain policy, I would feel better about the leadership on America if they all got on the same page and weren’t appearing to wing it everyday. It’s damaging to the office and to the stability of our government as a whole.
 Great book. EVERYONE should read it.
 I purchased this book more for amusement, but it has made me feel like a sane person again.  Bravo Michael Wolff. This book reaffirms everything that most grounded people already knew and have observed from the public presence of this administration.  I have spent the past year wondering why know one will call out the obvious behavior of the current President and his staff. Thank goodness Michael Wolff has. There is nothing surprising or shocking about his narrative except for putting the blatantly obvious out there with no concern for ratings or appeasement.  Who cares if quotes are exactly correct or that the correct person said it? The intentions of this chaotic and  self serving White House needs to be transparent to the American people, especially those who haven’t noticed it yet, for all their good intentions.
 Very entertaining and gives an insight to our President and his People. Some of it is down right scary! Our country is being run by a crooked five year old.
 Sadly, the book confirms your worst fears. On the plus side, though, it provides some insight into how the insanity of the last few years came into being.<br/><br/>That Trump never expected, nor wanted, to win and was just campaigning to raise his brand image before he and Ailes launched a new cable news network makes total sense. That is something you could easily see someone as vane and narcissist as The Donald doing with his golden years. Running for office and serving the country, yeah, not so much.<br/><br/>As to whether the book belongs in the fiction section as some suggest, my sense is that there likely has been some embellishment, but that the vast majority of the book is truthful. Plus, if it were just a bunch of lies, why would Trump have turned on his once senior political advisor with such speed and ferocity? The day before the book came out, Steve Bannon was the political genius responsible leading the political revolution that resulted in Trump’s election. The day after the book came out, he was derided as insane and called “sloppy Steve” by Trump. That pretty much says it all, right there.
 This book is a wake up call for all Americas about the Trump Administration. A must read for all.
 Basically confirms everything you suspect about what goes on inside the Trump white house, but in brilliant colorful detail. The audiobook is especially good because the narrator, while stopping just shy of doing full-on impersonations of the people involved, does a great job of acting out the various direct quotes. It was particularly entertaining to hear the details of the in-fighting between Kushner/Ivanka and Bannon. Equal parts enlightening, entertaining, and depressing.
 Although there is a lot of speculation and it is hard to tell where fact and fiction diverge this book leaves you with the feeling the Trump white house is a joke. Which from all accounts is true.
 The perfect book about the Trump administration’s first year. It’s not a book which reaches great heights of thought; that’s the last thing the Trump Administration needs. This tells you everything you need to know, and explains exactly why we are doomed.
 Another insider story. Entertaining, and perhaps a bit too critical. Nothing really new to learn. We all know who the guy is, and his cabinet is as much a mess as he is, for the same reason - they are all unqualified to be doing what they have taken on, from the top down. The book changes nothing for most, and will only create more anger for those who love their Donald.
 Stick it to der Fuhrer!
 I'm very into politics, but I had trouble staying with this book. Just not very well written. Very topically relevant. If you don't follow any political commentators, or if you just watch Fox, you should read this.
 What an eye opener.  I suspected that things were dysfunctional, and this just proves it. I'm sure there's more that Michael Wolff didn't uncover, but Robert Mueller is doing his own investigation. Maybe there should be a sequel.
 When Trump won the election, I saw a meme of Kim Jong-Un that said “Who’s got the crazy leader now?” He’s not only a perpetual spoiled rich boy playing a role in his own reality show, but a serious threat to the free world.  There’s nothing earth shatteringly new, but to read about it all in the context of everyday life in OUR White House sickens me. As another reviewer aptly said, it’s worth the $15 to send a message that free press is alive and well and still working in the U.S.  So buy, read, and review today and make this the bestseller of the century!
 The extent of the dysfunction is horrifying, yet unsurprising. Donald Trump is not a Republican; he is a Know Nothing.
 Fire and Fury is a great read. The book has confirmed some facts about the Trump administration and revealed new information that I had not heard. I recommend this book highly.
 A great inside view of the crazy train.
 Learn how close state run Fox News and President (alias) David Denison are connected. America Wake UP our democracy is in jeopardy if we don't educate ourselves, it will be our fault.
 So disapointing reading - I might as well read all the worst news papers - I mean those news papers who only write about gossip and so on. I did not even read the book finished.
 Not a great written book. but an interesting read if you want some insight into the Trump Presidential Apprentice show.
 The Deplorables should read this. If you didn't think he was a narcissistic nut job you will be scared for our country being run by such an inept disorganized delusionist. Sad but Wolf could right another book on all the crimes committed since book release.
 Enjoyed this book. Easy read and most interesting-just wish it was not true. If one quarter of the facts are correct, and I believe them to be, we are in more trouble that I thought.
 Fun book. The news every day just proves it's accurate.
 I purchased this many months ago, just after it was released. I was impressed with the detail and loved the insiders look.  I replayed the book recently and it was even more amazing, especially after all that's happened.
 Incredible read but so depressing to see how our America is being run in 2017.
 Hopefully more people will wake up to the problems being caused by this President.
 Candid experience of his time spent with trump.<br/>I have no doubt as to it's authenticity!
 Nothing here that surprises me. A lot that re-enforces what I thought about this loser, a few tidbits that showcase how this administration is nothing but a reality tv show with a substandard cast. Sad that this nation will be brought to it's knees by an imbecile. Thanks to Michael Wolff for confirming I am not crazy. Hopefully the sequel will be entitled "Thoughts From Inside:A Study In Orange".
 I'm a librarian and, while all my fact-checking came through with this title, the writing is not as polished as I expected. I'm a New York Times and Washington Post reader so I was expecting that level of craftsmanship.
 Very informative
 Page burner.  Scary.  Someone needs to remove him from office...stat!
 Possibly without sufficient proofs, but stunning inside revelations keep you flipping the page as fast as you can. A sequel perhaps?
 Brilliant inside information.
 The administration is as dysfunctional as you think.
 What can I say - you've probably heard all about it by now.
 It is a compilation of small events in the WH and people working in the WH. The writer interprets and analyses Fr us each of these events and people, and that is just that: it is his interpretation of events between and interconnecting events. Disappointing and worth the money whether you are for or against Trump and his circus.
 Much like all of 2017, this book is both bananas and totally plausible. I know there is a lot of he said/he said right now in the news snd for all I know Michael Wolff is a total snake. But the truth is that sometimes you need a snake to catch a snake.
 Honestly just bought the book to piss off the Cheeto man but it’s a great read!
 I knew it. pretty much exposes the truth behind this madman in the white house
 It was very interesting to read this book. Why does our country deserve such jerk to be our president?
 Great insight into politics
 Good insight for what’s happening in the White House. It was a very fun yet sad read. I would definitely recommend it for anyone.
 In this must-read, the author provides an entertaining and informative view of the infighting and chaos of the Trump White House’s first months in office.
 I bought the book, mostly to infuriate my Republican friends.  I leave it sitting on the coffee table, so no one will mistakenly think I'm a Republican
 Its a good read. But its nothing new. Trump is an idiot. He has idiots working for him. If you keep up with the news it was not a revelation.
 Finally decided to only read this book during the day.  Deeply disturbing because what was feared is true. Excellent recounting of first 10 months of this nightmare presidency. Wolff has exposed the under belly we all figured existed.
 I did not think I would enjoy reading the book, but found it to be an easy and informative read.
 What has been surmised has been put into written words.
 If even 3/4 of the material in this is true, we're in so much trouble. A gripping read.
 Truthiness and chaos barrel through these pages chronicling<br/>The first year of the Trumpian “ fly by the seat of his pants”performance of reality politics.
 Love the content, but the writing is clunky and amateurish. Could've used a good editor. But juicy stuff and I don't doubt that 95% is true. Just wish he'd spent a little more time on organization, flow, and clarity.
 Both my husband and I enjoyed the book immensely.  We keep up on current events and this book offered some information that we had missed and also reinforced the timeline of occurrences.
 Just finished Fire and Fury. Much of it chronicles the Trump admnistration start up we all witnessed the chaos of. No real surprises to the reality experienced. But Wolff does an articulate, realistic, almost kind, exploration of motivations and develops the character stories deftly.<br/>Much better book than I expected, not purely salacious at all. There is much truth here. Great read.
 This scary, no citation, soap-opera-like-read is a trainwreck I could not put down, filled with words I had to look up -- a sharp contrast to "Trump" diction.
 This book answers a lot of questions that I had about why the White House seems unable to function at a basic level.
 Better then I though it would be well written and  believable. I would recommend Reading this book great onsite as too what is happening
 Jaw dropping. I surmised most of this about that idiot inhabiting the Whitehouse but this fills in a lot of blanks. I wish I could afford to buy a dozen copies to send to family and friends who voted for this criminal with a note that reads, "You must be so proud."
 He has Trump to a tee!  Makes it clear that Trump has no clue how to run this country.  Bravo
 Nothing we did not already know or suspect about the worst President in American history.  As depressing as it horrifying!
 Just about what I speculated, president belongs in the looney bin.
 Learned about the Javanka relationship vs Bannon. To bad the book ended before the senatorial election in Alabama as well as Bannon being dumped  by the Mercers
 I have enjoyed reading this book, and I don’t read books.  It is well written, easy to see and read.  Most importantly, it is believable.  The book is concerning because it is so much worse than is being reported.
 Eye opening. Well written and informative. Will give the reader a different perspective on some of the players in the first days of the current administration.
 If trump hates it, it must be the truth.
 Get this book. Weather you like him or not this book tells you about the real man. I think that after you read this you are going to say why did I vote<br/>for this guy. And why is he still in charge of my country.
 good easy entertaining read.  Bannon has been 'instructed' by the White House not to answer questions covering this period.  Tells me that in these pages we find sufficient truth to know what we have always known about Trump's world.
 Excellent reportage.  A canny, narcissistic, egomaniac in the White House close to the nuclear button.
 Just more verification of what a jerk Trump is and will forever remain. A national embarrassment.
 It was an interesting read - probably most of it can be believed, but I found Michael Wolff''s writing style is hard to read.  When taking writing courses in school, I learned that "run-on sentences" were a no-no.  However, most of this book was written in this manner.  Frequently a whole paragraph was nothing but one long, badly constructed sentence, which had you confused before you finished the paragraph.  He also injected long, seldom used words (most likely to show how smart he is) when a more recognizable one or two would do. Luckily I was reading on my Kindle (with a readily available dictionary included).<br/>However, you do feel as if you're getting some "insider" info, so maybe it does clear up some details not in news accounts.
 The book is great super funny... but the cover scares my grandma. She took the cover off and burnt it. lol
 Chaos reigns supreme, and keeping up with events as they have unfolded, has borne out Author Wolff's commentary.<br/>One can almost predict the actions and behavior of His Emesis using his FBI style profile!!  Now he wants a 'liddle' parade of his own, no matter the waste of money.<br/>The one thing he is able to do, without near peer, is spend money.  What he doesn't seem to understand is that the USA cannot declare bankruptcy to get out of paying the bills like he did 5 or 6 times.  I'd like to see someone keep track of all he and  his family have cost the country with vacations, traveling, family protection, weekends away, etc.<br/>I guess no one told him that the presidency is NOT a part-time job.
 Sadly, this confirms too much of our suspicions.  A timely book and one that hopefully will define a very brief moment in our country's history. A must read for anyone concerned about this present occupier of the White House.  God save us all.
 I have recently finished reading Michael Wolff’s Fire and Fury, an account of the Trump administration which spans a period of time from before the election of 2016 up through early October of 2017.  It is a comprehensive look into a presidential administration torn apart by in-fighting and a constant struggle to just survive, much less accomplish anything of great import.  At the center of this swirling mess is a petulant man-child who is deliberately under-informed, easily bored, and prone to sudden tantrums.<br/><br/>Wolff’s accounting of life in the Trump administration is so heavy with details and facts, that it has to be the product of someone who was very close to the center of the storm.  His vignettes are so specific that one must suppose much of what he witnessed was actually recorded.  Perhaps that is why he has yet to be sued over the content of his book.<br/><br/>Fire and Fury gives an overlay of the functioning of the Executive Branch of our government under Trump..  Wolff describes three distinct camps within the White House that fought for Trump’s ear and control of the agenda.  One of those factions was headed by the odious Steve Bannon, an man whose personal agenda was  to forge a path of destruction across the federal landscape by eliminating agencies and programs and using executive orders to erase much of the legacy of the Obama administration.<br/><br/>A second faction was the standard political types as represented by Chief of Staff Reince Priebus.  Priebus was Trump's connection with the leaders of Congress, and he functioned as the GOP's point man in the Trump White House.<br/><br/>The third faction was what has come to be called “Jarvanka” by the popular press – and it refers to Trump’s daughter and son-in-law, Ivanka and Jared Kushner,  who literally moved into the White House on inauguration day.  Both functioned as representatives of more progressive ideas – and Bannon snidely referred to them as “New York Democrats” and “the geniuses.”  Wolff acknowledges Ivanka as the “defacto” First Lady.<br/><br/>Leaks are not uncommon in porous institutions, such as the White House, and every administration has had to ferret out leakers and deal with them.  The leaks that occurred in the early months of the Trump presidency appeared to be far more numerous than those that Trump’s predecessor had to endure, and they often served to fuel Trump’s rages and erratic behaviors.  Wolff credits most of the leaks to Bannon and Jarvanka, as each jockeyed to make the other look incompetent.  Priebus, who was steadfastly trying to advance the Republican wish list, did not  seem to engage in the same level of subterfuge as the other two factions within the White House.,<br/><br/>Eventually Priebus aligned more-or-less with Bannon, and eventually both of those players lost their positions of influence in the White House.  Priebus was replaced by General John Kelly who came in with three goals:  to oust Bannon (which he did), to  oust, or at least limit the influence of Jarvanka  (a task at which he had only limited success - but is still pursuing), and to reign –in  Trump (a task at which he failed miserably).<br/><br/>The value of this book to me is that it gives a framework which seems to explain Trump’s behavior - even up through the present.  Something bites him in the butt or just irritates him, and he heads to Twitter.  Then, as often as not, the reader can refer back to Wolff’s book and see the genesis of the latest outrage.  Fire and Fury is not a comprehensive atlas of Trump’s mind, but the book does serve as a quick-reference travel guide to anyone wondering what in Trump’s history or character led to the latest outburst.<br/><br/>As a former history teacher and as a concerned citizen, I heartily recommend this book to anyone seeking to have a clearer understanding of what motivates Donald Trump and where his erratic behaviors are likely going to lead.  It is a spell-binding read.<br/><br/>(One caution:  I kept my copy by my bed for evening reading.  The paper cover, featuring a red-faced portrait of an angry Trump, is most unsettling, and I finally removed it.  That made for a better night’s sleep!)
 The author provides information that months later is unfolding before the public. It is well-written. Too often there validations of my own deductive reason. It provide the bird’s eye view of the political inconceivable.
 Most of the information is common knowledge if you listen to the news every day.  But there are some inner details that are not available to the public.  It confirms the fact that Trump is the worst corrupt president in history.
 Very entertaining! God help us .
 It was factual and spellbinding....couldn’t wait to get to the next chapter...a must read for all political junkies...Trump being Trump
 Wolff handles the scandalous and gossipy content of the book well, but it could have used some additional proofreading. Minor typographical and even minor spelling errors are common. Still worth reading, though.
 Michael Wolff: Thank you for subjecting yourself to all of this exhausting ridiculousness and bringing to light what many choose to ignore at the voting booth. Or while sitting out on their own conscience, their common sense, or just ignoring completely.<br/><br/>This is not ignorable. Thanks again for meticulously documenting (and bravely tolerating the intolerable) this frightening shitshow. I hope you're in therapy and somewhere beautiful in between PR gigs.
 Highly recommended read. Won’t disappoint
 A captivating, fast-moving account of palace intrigue...Have to admit I quit about 4/5ths of the way through because there was and is so much WH drama going on every day that the first 100 days recounted in the book already seemed like ancient history.
 Really well told story of what a bunch of idiots are running and ruining this country. Even the parts that are probably embellished are probably close to the truth
 While you read this book like an unbelievable tabloid article, it makes sense of some of the truly unbelievable things coming out of the White House the past year
 Not being a fan of Trump, I was curious to see just what all was said.  I had already heard a lot from news and talk shows.  I suspect a lot of what was said is true, some maybe embellished a bit.  It was entertaining.
 Breezy, easy read.  Relatively known to me,  nevertheless learned some details, and I found this a useful connecting of the dots.
 It was an incredible look inside the chaos of a Reality TV Star's White House. At the same time, it was disheartening that Republicans feel so ingrained and tribal that they'll sit back while an entire branch of the government is destroyed with the incompetence of a day-trader who never wanted to be President.<br/><br/>Putin got what he wanted. We've lost respect home and abroad.
 The weird thing is, if you follow politics in the news, you probably know most of what's in hear.  The interesting part is how Trump and his staffers are reacting to things as they happen.
 Nervous before the election, I decided to pick up this book again and quickly finished it. I know WH staffers were somewhat misled, not realizing Wolf was writing this book. I suppose he should have been more upfront, but I'll forgive him thanks to his sharing all the gossip and details  of Trump's incompetent administration. Somehow this confirmation of reality was comforting to me, while I was (and am still, the day before the election) fearing the Democrats won't get back some power to contain the president.<br/><br/>For non-fiction, Fire and Fury is a real page-turner, thanks to Wolf's choice of narrative, and writing skill. Good contemporary history.
 TLDR, just donated it to the Library in my small town. Only bought it because whats-his-face tried to block its release.
 It backs up the events of what we have been Experiencing over the past year.  Fills in details, some grammatical, but overall good description of the dynamics of our leaderless WH.😏
 good book, wish it could UPDATE daily to give the dish on all the happenings in DC
 Love it. Reads like a novel. Stranger than fiction.
 This book gets my vote.
 Take with a grain of salt, reading between just enough truths.  Funny, if it there wasn't JUST enough truth in it.  Scary when you understand that the underlying truth is Trump CRAVES attention.  Good or bad, doesn't matter.  Attention is attention.  I've said that from moment he ran.  Now someone take his damn Twitter account away.
 Great book that every decent American who's concerned about the future direction of this country should read and think about. Highly recommended! Really appreciated the efforts of the author to expose the ugly truth of this presidency.
 Very interesting.
 I bought this book for two reasons. 1) to protest what is essentially a book burning attempt from the Executive Branch, and 2) to indulge in some pretty intense schadenfreude.  It worked quite well for me on both counts. At a time when I feel as though my voice is not being heard, I feel proud of my $15 'vote' for 1st amendment protection.  I am also thoroughly enjoying my gleeful roll in the schadenfreude mud.<br/><br/>Wolff could have done more to inspire confidence in his claims without sacrificing readability.  I found myself wanting more information that would help to assess credibility and corroboration.  For example, the number and quality of sources might help evaluate consensus and corroboration. Is the material in quotes really verbatim?  I understand the reasoning for doing it as he did, but I believe that you can do both via, say, footnotes or an appendix, without interrupting the flow of the story.  A little critical thinking never hurt anyone.
 Eye opening but most of the book was revealed in the media before mine arrived but it's useful to have around for reference.
 You know when you watch cable news and they’re painting the bleakest picture, and you think to yourself, “it’s probably not as bad as they’re making it sound”. Well this book leaves you feeling that things might be worse than cable news is making it sound. Very good read!
 It’s not great literature, which I’m not sure it was meant to be, but the author has performed a great service to the country by showing us what it’s really like in the Trump White House by a keen observer who witnessed much of it first hand.
 A lot of the book as been discussed on so many talk shows that there was little you hadn't already know.
 I found the book to be full of inside information that was like being a fly on the wall as events unfolded around the circus that played out during that first year of the Trump presidency. I can't thank Michael Wolff enough for being that fly, passing on his observations and conversations to the reader. Totally enjoyed this book and highly recommend it !!!!
 Horribly written. Frequent absurd word choices., awkward sentence structure (lack of structure?) However I loved the dirt on trump, Bannon, and  the other idiots running around the White House destroying our nation.  Howeve, the Nicky Haley inference not credible at all, possibly slanderous.  The rest of the book is sadly likely true.
 Gives keen insight to what was really going on this chaotic first months of Trump’s administration. If you are not a Trump supporter, it will likely confirm your worst suspicions.
 I'm in the process of reading the book right now and find it interesting and extremely frustrating.  I would suggest to the author that in the future, if you plan on writing a book for the masses, you spend less time using a vocabulary that is more suitable for playing scrabble, and just use a more common language more suitable for the average reader. I have spent more time using my dictionary looking of word meanings than ever before. Here is a sample from one chapter: encomiums, interlocutors, preternaturally, myrmidons, mendacious, anti wonk, probity, peripatetic, mien, subsumed, aphoristic, cosseted, sotto voce, ennui, etc.<br/>I probably will never buy another book by this author again.
 I can’t give a full review as I quit reading it half way through.  Not because it wasn’t well written or informative.  But because we continue to live in the fire and fury of the Trump White House.  Maybe some day in the future I will be able to look back and try and make sense of it all.  Sadly, what I did read was not surprising.  I appreciate Michael Wolff’s willingness to share.
 There is a lot of very interesting information in this book. Way more than the obvious fact that trump is unfit to hold the office of President
 Interesting and scary view of our "dear &amp; fearless" leader....  and the really scary part is that his public actions exactly mirror what was described as his private behavior.
 Great read! No real surprises, however its very, very enlightening.
 I downloaded the audio version and It's really hard to put down. The book is very well written and even though the majority of the things on it, we already know, this books makes it even more real.....or surreal I should say.....<br/>The unfortunate part is that this book is about our democracy, about our executive branch, about the people running our country.....if it was a book about celebrities or reality TV show, no problem....but the fact that these people are running our country is not only scary but appaling.... not only they are destroying everything that the Obama administration worked so hard to create, but we have become the laughing stock of the entire freaking world. We used to think North Korea Kim Jong-un was the madman of the world, well guess what? He is not! Trump is the madman of the world.
 Thank you Michael for putting it all in words!  Hopefully "he" will be out of the WH soon, and we as a nation of thinking people won't have to look at him, hear him, see him or put up with him  He is totally off his rocker!  and a liar as your book has verified.
 Interesting storytelling. Wasn’t sure of the level of truth as there is are a lot of specific details but as events unfolded in the news, things happened to check out with the portrayals in the book.
 This book is informative--less in its dramatized stories that are probably more illustrative than accurate in detail--but in its broad sweep of issues, personalities, infighting, and outcomes. These aspects come out clearly.
 An interesting read and descriptions of staff fears ring true as well of those of the informed public. how actual fact based the information is remains a question in my mind ,even though I have no doubt that the current administration is both an embarrassment and danger to the America we believed we were.
 Im no Trump fan, but this was a page turner!  It validates what i suspected was going on behind the scenes. Very enlightening.....&amp; scary!
 Funny!
 When I heard this book was being banned by the president, I knew I had to read it The surest way to get me to read something is forbid it. The way to get me to avoid a book is to assign it.<br/><br/>We picked up the Kindle and the Audible but it wasn't WhisperSynched. So I gave up trying to get them to work together and chose to listen to the author read his book. He did very well. And his writing kept the reader engaged.<br/><br/>As for the information, it is all the stories we have seen acted out since last January. It often felt like reruns but just when you felt that, you would see newer information as to why those things might have happened. Not from the author's eye but his eyewitnesses who gave testimonies of what they had seen/lived in the White House.<br/><br/>I'm not going to tell you to read it. You will or you won't. I found it interesting and am glad I read it. You judge for yourself.
 It’s so great to know the incompetence happening in the White House Trump administration in a very explosive and entertaining story telling. Thank you Mr. Wolf for your awesome service to our country. This should be a how-not-to-f-up handbook for future US presidents.
 This book explained the behind the scenes chaos of the White House. So many liers. So much cover up. Left me sad and distrustful.
 It is a slow read because it's true and detailed and aggrivating as hell. It will take me a while to finish, I'm about half way through and canonly read a few pages at a sitting. My heart aches for this country.
 The book was like watchdog CNN reruns. Gannon is a joke. He won't get any votes. It  will be a woman.
 I guess that for a people who knows about politics this book will be the bomb. For me it was not because I had no idea who the people mentioned in the book were. I was expecting more juice gossip hollywood style. But, I admit it is good.
 I was very surprised at how well written this book is, given the circus atmosphere surrounding its release.  The author is meticulous in detailing the  inside  activities of this WH. It reads like a Shakespearean  plot of backstabbing , incredible incompetence,  and political bloodshed as performed by the Three Stooges.
 Readability and clarity. Excellent book!
 Spells out exactly what most of us already knew; he is incompetent.
 Well-written, poorly edited, fascinating look into the first 199 days. Wolfe has performed a real service with this book. Chickens are coming home to roost in theTrump WH. We may all be at great risk. We can’t say we weren’t warned.
 The read is a hoot.  Seems like a lot of gossip-insider gossip, but very believable.  I do not think this is fake news.
 This book shines a bright and disturbing light on the TRUMP administration. How did such a flawed man ever become our POTUS?
 I think the author was trying to make people believe he has high intelligence. He uses unnecessarily long words to describe a situation or a thing. It's a good book to let you know what's going on in the Trump White House, however, you do get lost in the poor writing
 Hilarious because it can’t be true, then sad when you realize it is probably true. This book just confirms what everybody already knows. That this presidency can’t continue for the sake of our country.
 This book gives a great view of the chaos in this administration. The backstories make more sense and ring truer with each day of breaking news. An unforgettable cast of characters that would make for an interesting film if it did not have so many important and tragic consequences.
 It is badly written, and not always well-sourced, but the author held a unique vantage point from which to observe the first year of this chaotic administration - essentially, he was able to roam unsupervised through non-classified areas of the West Wing. The discerning reader who is up to date on political current events will be able to separate the wheat from the chaff and come away with some valuable, and often shocking, insights.
 Loved every minute reading that. Finished in one weekend, I couldn’t set it down. Made me laugh until half way through it hit me that this is how these really act in the White House. So Hope Hicks really runs the show???
 Those who want the real story - especially those who believe Trump's derisive cries of "Fake News" - should seek the truth by  1) simply watching what Trump does and says, and 2) reading this book. Wolff sat in the White House for the past year taking over 200 interviews. What writer has had better access than Wolff? Even those who read The Washington Post every day will find Wolff's exposition  fascinating and, as well, brilliantly engaging and written. Should you believe Wolff's account? I do, because so much of it overlaps with exactly what we all hear the President saying almost daily. I don't believe most news is fake (presidents are, however) but if you do, start by reading this book.
 GREAT BOOK!!  Gives good insight :'/  :'•
 A Lot of infighting, and Bannon's  view of things. What Trump thinks not so much...none of them belong in politics.
 Loved every page. Amazing. Lent it to a friend...had to beg for it back cause 2 others wanted it!
 Lots of morbid fun via very interesting writing from the unique vantage point of Michael Wolff. Thank goodness for this book - we might have laughed all the way to Trumpist authoritarianism, but the reveals in this book may help bring on the blue wave in 2018. Hopefully. I've always thought the emperor-has-no-clothes analogy was appropriate for Trump, and Wolff confirms that. I highly recommend Fire and Fury to everyone who is devastated by the Trump win and/or who enjoys interesting writing. I will definitely read more Michael Wolff.
 There are no big surprises but its a good read and, at times, you'll feel like a fly on the wall in the white house.
 I agree with Mr. Wolf.  If you were following the news this year there didn’t seem to be any surprises in this book.
 This is a good book about the confusion in the White House. It helps you understand what is going on now.
 Pretty much seems true or darn near close.
 Very interesting content, but poorly written. The voice is windy and winding...many single-sentence paragraphs that go on for 10+ lines. I know they rushed this to print, so I can overlook the typos (there are many). But overly complicated sentence structure and lack of editing make it a rough read. Not sure if I'll finish it or not.
 A must read.  What an eye opener.  It leaves you feeling very scared about the future.
 WOW....What a dysfunctional White House. I had to read some parts over again just because I couldn't believe what I was reading. Time for this bunch to all go home.
 Just read it
 Michael Flynn
 Wow!  Unbelievable, paGe after page
 This was an interesting book, but I quickly got the impression that it was written in haste and that greater care could have been taken in utilization of sources. Language was a bit rough and should have been smoothed out with better editing. But it is an important book--to be read together with other more sober reflections on this administrations ministrations!
 I wanted to love this book. However, it feels much like a tabloid, is not objective, and I wonder how much of it is actually true. It was fun to read the juicy bits and I enjoyed contributing to the millions of books sold.
 Meh!  Read like a newspaper article. I must say  though it was an intriguing behind the scenes look at Trump WH -- disappointing that it is such a madhouse!  What has America done to itself?!  Trump must be furious
 There are actually some interesting backstory bits I hadn’t heard before. But mostly I bought it to “vote with my dollars”. I like the idea of a president who doesn’t read being accosted with the news that this is a best seller while watching three TVs and snacking on a MacDonald’s cheeseburger wearing the presidential bathrobe.
 Without actual recordings released, it's difficult to say what parts are entirely accurate, but the major players and motions appear to be in line with actual events.<br/><br/>Failing that, it is an interesting read which is cause for concern.
 Started reading out of curiosity.  Continued reading to understand how unique the current Whitehouse is and figure out who is connected to whom.  Finished it because I can't look away from the train wreck that is our POTUS.
 The book gave a closer look at the organizing of a new Adminstration and the shallowness of a President.<br/>Sometimes the book bogged down in boring details that were not helpful to u derstanding the situation. Some of it was predictable.
 Movie “ A Few good man”<br/>Do not read this book if you can not HANDLE THE TRUTH!<br/>Very well written and very informative. There are no big surprises, but the information confirms what we should have known about Donald Trump and Family, except his current wife Melinia<br/>Hopefully people after reading this book, will get involved in our election this year.. It is called being PATRIOTIC, not PARTISAN
 A must read. Best book of 2018. It captures the true spirit of inside the White House. Couldn’t put it down.
 Fascinating read.  Obviously a conglomerate of stories that the author had to piece together into a cogent timeline and storyline.
 While there may errors and some alternative face in this book, it does capture the tone and disfunction of the White House I have witnessed from afar.
 Trying to determine who is a bigger nut job in the group.  Gannon or Trump, but with multiple Trump's can't even decide on the craziest of that group. Wonder if we will ever see their taxes.
 Although much of what I read in this book was what I always suspected, his succinct narrative confirms it all. Wolfe paints a vivid picture of this disastrous administration and the people inhabiting it. It’s a great read.
 This book provided the insider-fly-on-the-wall view of what the public was never privy to ... the inner workings of the dysfunctional leadership of our country. It was interesting to read of the two camps who engaged in a power struggle to control the man we call Mr. President. This book presented a sad yet stomach churning revelation of the leadership of our country.
 5 stars for showing what a terrible disaster this administration is.  Only one star for us that we have gotten to a place where we had to shoose between an out of touch robot and an out of touch racist uncle.
 Rings true.  Very important expose.  Must reading for the American public, every Congressman, Congresswoman, Senator and member of the Judiciary.
 most if it is anti-climactic since the media devoured it prior to my receipt it.  However it is a pretty good read and frightening at the same time. If you didn’t pay attention to the media accounts of the book then you will find it interesting
 Filled in gaps in reporting. Put everything (facts) in one handy place.
 Hope it nails him.
 If only ten percent of attributed quotes in this book are accurately represented, it paints an incomprehensibly dysfunctional Trump White House. I can’t say I enjoyed reading this book, for the implications therein are entirely too depressing. It is unfortunate that it will not serve as an eye-opener to Trump head-in-the-sand loyalists who, of course, will never read it. I would have given 5 stars were it not for the annoying grammatical errors.
 I liked the entire book, and it made me upset that we have an incompetent president, who has surrounded himself with so many other incompetent, and ignorant people.  In just a short period of time, they have destroyed the United States’ prestige among our allies.  It will take decades to repair the enormous damage they have done.
 Found out our president right now hasn't a clue on how to run a country let alone the government.I got annoyed  when he thought he could talk without the teleprompter and try to sound intelligent.
 fascinating, fun, not great writing, more like a People magazine story but quick reading, you would never re-read.  Intesting it's only gotten worse in White House via in-fighting and turnover since.
 As long as Trump remains president, I will consider this book a failure. The sooner Trump is no longer in office (and that cannot be soon enough), the more successful I will consider this book. Otherwise, it was an enjoyable read.
 After reading this book, I feel like the actions we see unfold within this administration make more sense of what’s happening.... not necessarily for the better but at least it allows you to avoid too many reactions of... “ omg I can’t believe *insert ridiculousness from 45”
 Great book, may change the course of history (for the good).
 Wolf effectively summarizes the unprecedented disaster that was the first year of the Trump presidency. Whether or not paraphrasing was utilized is not important. We all lived through 2017. This book gives us a very credible insider's view of what went on behind the scenes of the daily Trump news stories we all followed.
 This book is a behind the scenes, intimate portrait of the Trump White House. Credible and incisive. I cannot wait to see the movie.<br/>Well written with dramatic flair, and meshes accurately with the mainstream news accounts of this administration.  Great job, Mr. Wolff!
 Liked it all..Verified the immoral person our President is.
 Spot on. Fills in the blanks between the rabid tweets. For those who could not see the insanity during the campaign, we tried to warn you. There are those of us who research candidates and vote split tickets, GOP legislators have failed U.S. voters. His words are YOUR words. His tweets are YOUR tweets. His big button is your button. His "grabbing" is your grabbing. His insults are your insults. Have the courage to read this book. wake up, and restore our country to decency and respect.
 Nothing in Wolff's book is reassuring for our Democracy. A minority of ill informed, angry voters inflicted this cretin on our country. And now the entire planet is alarmed at his dangerous, casual ignorance.  God help us.
 Excellent
 A great read. Nightly news updates give real-time credence. It's an interactive book ;)
 Tough to read for two reasons. 1. Great job by Wolff and much respect for his reporting, but it’s disheartening to read about the unrelenting incompetence of MOTUS (Moron) and the damage he is causing our country. 2. Wolff’s writing is difficult to digest. It is littered with hyphens and commas and sentences that are so disjointed that I’ve about had enough long before I’ve reached the end.
 I bought the book because of all the attention it was getting in the media. I stayed and read the whole thing because of the great insight I got regarding the events of the last year.
 Salacious, but that's the world we live in now. Definitely has a place on my bookshelf for years to come, hopefully in due time I will only look at it and laugh nervously.
 This book is so engrossing reads like a novel. Full of revealing detail. Well-written.
 I give “Fire and Fury” 5 stars, but not because it was a book that gripped my attention. Wolff writes well. He knows how to get and keep a reader’s attention. He’s got a great vocabulary. The typos, presumably due to rushing the book to print a few days ahead of schedule, were only mildly annoying. (Ex. P. 127 “Bannon was making his first official pubic appearance…") The precise authenticity of some of his accusations, as many in the media have noted, seems a little questionable.<br/><br/>Wolff presents a tsunami of evidence for his premise (the chaos that is the Trump White House). For me the accumulated tales of visionless disorder, ineptness and infighting became depressing. It took me a week and a half to slog through to the last page. Granted, this isn’t Wolf’s fault, rather the reality of Trump as president and a nearly unbelievable inattention to protocols that allowed a writer/reporter to hang out in the White House for hours and weeks gathering damning evidence.<br/><br/>Is the book worth reading? Sadly, for America, yes.
 Should be required reading for all. Is frightening to hear about the crooked shenanigans in our country, most of which never make the headlines.
 ...and the current events corroborate the book.  I will reread it again when indictments are  revealed per the Robert Mueller investigation.
 I think the book is a great tale of the tragic termoil in our own government. The disfunction is going to cause the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA great harm here and around the world.
 This was a good book. I would recommend it to all people who are interested in politics. It gave me insight into the White house.
 I bought this for my son but decided to read it myself.  I wanted to look on the web to verify information.  So far it appears to be on spot.
 I found the narrative in this book boring and drawn out. I believe the author was trying to be creative and to written a book to "sell" his idea that he knew what people in the white house were actually thinking. I do not believe Trump was the right choice, but found this book to be hard to believed.
 Wolff has written an extraordinary, sober and surprisingly balanced account of what happens when the most powerful office in the country accidentally falls into the hands of a group of political neophytes, led by a charismatic con artist with limited intelligence and an exaggerated case of advanced attention deficit disorder complicated by dyslexia and near total ignorance of history. As one of the participants notes: “You couldn’t make this sh-t up!” Steve Bannon emerges as the twisted Machiavellian tragicomic protagonist, able to to grasp the madness that surrounds him, but incapable of using it to his advantage. He is finally brought down by his own megalomaniac fantasies, imagining himself as a future presidential candidate collecting and mobilizing the alt-right rejects that form Trump’s core support.  Despite the criticism that Wolff (as garnered from Trump supporters, this book is well worth reading. History will no doubt produce more detailed and accurate accounts of the minutia, but for a first read, this is a page-turner, that would be hysterically funny if the consequences were not so severe.
 Listened to the Audible book, all 11 hours, in 4 days of commuting.  Even if this is only 50% true, it is shocking and alarming expose of the ineptitude and corruption currently inhabiting the White House.
 Lot of wild stuff, is it all true? Maybe. If only half true still worth reading for sure. Does a great job of showing the chaos and complex dynamics of the whole show. Does show a number of players real ambitions. Thank you mister Wolff.
 Its a pretty fascinating read.  Its very hard to put down.  As you read it, you may wonder as I did:  This administration was so not prepared for this type of work that they no one seemed to realized this writer was a fly on the wall for a long time.
 Abraham Lincoln! Franklin Delano Roosevelt! Ronald Wilson Reagan! All these controversial POTUS' must be turning over in their honored graves! The reason is the current occupant of the Oval Office Donald John Trump!. Real estate billionaire, business mogul and host of The Apprentice television series this ill prepared, profane, misogynist bully is now the Chief Executive of the most powerful nation in the history of the world!<br/>  Michael Wolff is an investigative report who spent several months in the White House interviewing those closest to the Donald. His face has been plastered all across the spectrum of cable news making the hearts of those executives at MSNB and CNN smile with joy. Despite this media blitz and the tabloid odor of the book I did something radical-I read the book! What did I a political junkie discover and learn!<br/>1. The book reveals Trump as a classic narcissist who does not read or make wise decisions. He often acts like a child with accompanying tantrums and is quick on the draw to fire people who do not coddle him or his opinions.<br/>2. The Trump White House is a bullring in which such bullies as Steve Bannon of Breibart right wing media fame did battle with the president's daughter and insider Ivanka and her husband Jared Kushner.<br/>3. Trump has not got a clue on how to conduct American foreign policy. He does not like his Secretary of State oilman Rex Tillerson.<br/>4. Trump got rid of Sean Spicer his press secretary and fired Reince Priebus former RNC chair and for a few months his chief of staff. General John Kelly the current chief of staff has difficulty dealing with Trump.<br/>5. Trump is very weak on civil rights for all Americans. His father had ties with the KKK<br/>6. Trump fired James Comey the FBI chief and is heavily implicated in the collusion scandal with the Russian government. He may well face impeachment in the future.<br/>7. Trump does not work well with Jeff Session the US attorney general who recused himself in the Russian intelligence probe.<br/>8. Trump fears what may be revealed in the Robert Mueller investigation of the Russian affair.<br/>9. Trump and his advisors did not think he would defeat Hillary Clinton and win election. The administration appears to be clueless on how to operate a vast federal government.<br/>10. Trump does not understand how the US Congress functions. His relationship with House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell have been rocky to say the least.<br/>11. Trump falsely accused the Obama administration of wire tapping his campaign.<br/>12. Trump has a short attention span and often repeats himself in conversation.<br/>  The book is well written and is much better than I thought it would be. Steve Bannon emerges from these pages as Trump's nemesis and the man who leads the charge against Ivanka and Jared with their moderate views about issues. Overall it is worth a read. Who know how much is true or not? The book will stir your mind and get you thinking about how the United States is being governed in this perilous time. The political book of the year!
 Interesting book.
 Michael Wolff is an excellent author. His insightful expose of the Trump White House reads like a comedy of errors. I laughed! I cringed! I had a great ride! Michael Wolff soars to superstardom as an author with this tome. Bravo!
 This is a wonderful book and coincides with actual News reporting. This is a factual look at chaos inside the Trump WH.
 The novel covered a lot of things we already knew or were afraid that they were true.
 Disturbing, entertaining and revealing. A must read if you have any thought or care about the future of this country.
 What can I add?  I was afraid this book would be salacious, but it is anything but.  Fascinating read bringing together all the different news media reports into a very personal and frightening picture of Trump.  He is clearly unfit to be President and we can't let the Republicans stop his removal.<br/>We should be preparing for the Russian attacks on the 2018 and 2020 elections!
 Great read!
 The further you get into this book, the more convinced you become that the author really has an insight into the Trump White House.  I'm left with the question of just how did my fellow citizens allow this to happen?  A must read.
 I'm a political junkie so  i thoroughly enjoyed the book.  Educational, interesting.  By the time I read the book, I had seen Michael Wolff on TV many times, so some of the book was old stuff by then,  But, overall, it was a great read.
 Very well written and very revealing, though, most of this stuff we could've guessed was going on. This is the most corrupt president and administration in all of US history, in my opinion.
 Informative book.  Well written.  Fast read.
 Ignore this book at your peril.  You may think you know what’s going on in the White House.  But Woolf’s account is stunning in its access and revelations.  No one is spared.  They’re all at war!
 Interesting behind the scenes reality. I wonder how it will lall turn out.
 This book should be required reading for everyone registered to vote.
 Insightful and witty. An alarming glimpse into what we all basically knew was happening inside the White House. I wish the book could continue through to the end of the presidency.
 I could not stop reading this book, FIRE AND FURY. I cannot investigate what in the book truly happened, what is an individual's interpretation, but having listened to MSNBC every night for a year, having read the NYTimes every day for many, many years, I can say that this book hits the mark--We do not need Mr.  Trump as President of our once great country. But, I loved the book; I could not stop reading it. Everyone should read it. I am so sad that I am not trained to look for the meaning behind the obvious words and actions that politicians speak and do. But, Mr. Wolff will help people  to learn to inquire further than we have ever done. The book is as exciting as the best thriller. The problem: No one will  talk to Mr. Wolff again:  how will he write volume 2? Someone has got to review and explain the occurrences of this the Trump presidency until he is impeached.<br/>Again: I LOVED THE BOOK. Read it and you will see for yourself. Nancy
 My question is how did we allow ourselves to get here? The author makes some excellent points.  A reader should be appalled by the actions of the parties.  This should serve the electorate as a cautionary tale of our failure to pay attention to those voices that really denigrate the American experience.  I hope that I was able to give this 5 stars.
 Shocking but not surprising. Very good read.
 The book gives you insight into the horror show we're seeing played out daily as this president slowly dismantles the nation in oh so many ways.
 Penetrating behind the scenes look that makes everything chaotic suddenly make much more sense.
 Good book explaining how the Trump family has fumbled their way to trying to be political
 Thanks Michael!<br/>I purchased this book only because Trump was trying to suppress it. It is my protest against suppression of the press and freedom of speech. Someday I'll hope to get around to reading it!
 Thank you for writing and publishing this book. Probably won’t be surprised by what’s written. Hope Fire and Fury stays on the best seller list for the next 3 years, if #45 doesn’t quit sooner.
 Fascinating and thorough, it seems.
 I'm a liberal and I was fascinated by this account of the inner workings of the Trump White House. However, it was like reading a high school student's collage essay where the student attempts to use every obscure word in their vocabulary, often incorrectly I might add, in attempt to sound intelligent. As Stephen King once wrote, "any word you have to hunt for in a thesaurus is the wrong word. There are no exceptions to this rule". Every few pages of Wolff's intellectual exercise contains an obscure term, used incorrectly, and it greatly detracted from the reading experience.
 For the most part Mr. Wolff let their words and actions speak for themselves. This makes for a very sad picture of how this group is running the presidential offices.
 While reading this book, I thought I was reading the exact news I heard on MSNBC, CBS, ABC, NBC, AND CNN!!
 good read, who knew....
 Not finished, but glad to be reading something so timely. Granted it is another person's view of what is going on, it rings true to much of the commentary that I follow which is real news not fake.
 While large portions are unquestionably and terrifyingly true shedding light on the chaos that reigns in this administration it is clear the author is casual with qualifying facts and primarily considered with creating a sensation in an effort to maximise book sales. To this end he has been extremely successful but for the discerning reader this presents a dubious challenge disseminating fact from gossip and coming to an overall conclusion. I think on balance it is worth the read however it is clearly a very flawed piece of work!
 Everyone should read this it only confirms what we knew I read it in two sittings Saleaz.<br/><br/>Sales for this book<br/> Have it sold<br/>Out<br/>Ina,day
 Was a pretty good read.
 As a very stable genius that is not guilty of collusion, I recommend this book and HIGHLY recommend "The Dangerous Case of Donald Trump" written by 27 psychiatrist.
 Fascinating look into the Trump Whitehouse.
 Whew! What a book; can't be put down. a marvelous writer. was read and quoted by MSNBC for many weeks.
 Great Book
 Good job. No complaints.
 Reading this is like reading a tabloid. Lots of gossip and snark. Plenty of revealed secrets of the stars. A satisfying confirmation that all the received wisdom about Trump is true--unless it isn't. Enjoy the book--it's lots of fun-- but look for better resources when it comes to judging this president and his administration.
 I found this book ponderously written.  Nearly every sentence was stuffed with parenthetical phrases and obscure words.His insights may have been accurate but they were long and drawn out.  It seemed it was written in haste.  He did describe a White House in chaos and a cast of characters clawing their way into the Trump clown bus.
 I read historical bio's all the time.  And this one was good.  But, when you remember this is current, your extremely startled.  Rather than reflect on the presidency of Trump, you can't help reflect on the people who put him there and the party that accepted him.<br/><br/>It helped me to think deeper as to where the Trump family is coming from;  Lofty clouds that don't allow them to understand the majority of American's at all.  Does the president's daughter think this is her charity work?<br/><br/>I've often felt "other" presidents were just puppets on a string, but this one, IS.  If you can get ahold of his strings and keep them.  Bannon really thought he had his man, and the book leaves you thinking he still does and is waiting for the day.<br/><br/>Just waiting for limited internet, mass deportations and martial law.
 An interesting and revealing look inside the Trump White House. My view of the President wasn't changed, but rather reinforced: that he is an ignorant and childish person who cares more for himself and his image than that of the nation.
 He may get a few details wrong, but you know this is true in the main.
 Love this book!!
 I became a member of America's Unintentional Book Club when I bought this book. Any book 45 tries to ban will become an instant best seller, and Fire and Fury certainly did not disappoint. If you have the gut feeling that this presidency is a crazy, unhinged amateur production of The Producers, this is your script. It's unsettling, to say the least, and impossible to look away from much like a bad accident. You know you shouldn't look but you do. It's as informative as it is scary.
 Wow, what an insight into Trump and company. I was amazed at some of the things I read. My feelings were reaffirmed about the current administration. Very interesting and disturbing reading.
 Wolff's telling tale hits like a cudgel, making the intelligent reader question what has happened to America, and what a terrifying truth it reveals about the state of our culture that it would be possible, let alone acceptable, to elect a reckless, bipolar child to the highest office. No wonder we are hated by the rest of the civilized world. It makes me embarrassed to be American. This book needed to be written, thank you Mr. Wolff
 That is Trump alright... he has not changed and never will... A bully through and through.
 I bought this book because DJT and his toddler outbursts made me do it. I wasn't planning on it, but 10/10 would recommend.
 Great introduction to the world of so called "leadership" and how politics -really- works (not how it's supposed to work). Names change, but the reality of it stays all the same...
 Well written except for a few dangling typos and word omissions, no doubt a result of rush to publication in maximum exploitation of opportunity. Peppered with savvy references to events in the worlds of business, entertainment, and politics as well as a moderate variety of obscure words to enrich one's vocabulary. Wolff does a great job of describing how the White House has become a Nut House. His writing style is enjoyable, often humorous enough to promote laughter when tears might otherwise be appropriate. Favorite chapter: #19, especially description of the Bannon-Hicks encounter near its end.
 I absolutely loved this book on CD. It was well-organized, well-composed, and well-narrated. The book brings sense to what many of us fear about the GOP and our scammer in chief. It exposed the lies and buffoonery being perpetrated by those who occupy the leadership of our Government at the moment. It also confirms what over sixty percent of the citizens of our country think about the unstable moron. He's not only crazy, he's also stupid. I'm donating this copy of Fire and Fury to a local library, and I'm dedicating my donation to the author of the book. Michael Wolff deserves a Pulitzer Prize and thank you Amazon for getting me my copy in a reasonable time-frame.
 Citizens of the U.S. NEED TO READ or listen to this.
 if any of this is true, the American people should be outraged!
 A window to see what is going on in a very dysfunctional Whitehouse.  Why would anyone hire such a person to run their business. Would you dress him up as a surgeon and let him operate on you?
 This book is very good. While we are all familiar with events, Wolff pulls it all together into a story and shows a history of incompetency. I am enjoying every single page and encourage everyone to read this book.
 What else can you say about Wolff's book that has not already been said?<br/>Read it for yourself and find out just how far down the rabbit hole we've fallen.
 Highly recommended. I could not put it down until I was finished. Terrifying in its way. Hopefully this works opens a lot of eyes.
 Of all the books I have purchased in my life, this is the only time I've sought out a first edition, thinking that it might have historical significance decades from now.
 A must read whether you voted for him or not.  It seems very plausible to me from reading his many vicious tweets.  The man is not equipped mentally to be POTUS
 wish that TV had not shown all the "good parts" but an important and scary look at what is going on with what used to be<br/>our Democracy!
 Some of this information I knew from reports in the press; however, a lot of the text  is very insightful into the operation of the Trump White House.
 The book provides a fly-on-the-wall view of the White House, which is exactly what the author says he is doing.  Not a political analysis, or a purely factual bit of news journalism.  But it is a compelling and engrossing look at the personalities of the Trump administration.<br/><br/>Finished the book in 2 days... could not put it down.
 This book shows the dysfunction of the White House. It shows Donald Trump's paranoia, thin skin and insecurities.<br/>It shows just how ignorant he is about business, negotiations, and leadership.
 Not wholly sure the accuracy of parts of the book are true true; some seem written as they are implied true. Overall it was a good read, certainly lends credence to the hopefully sooner rather than later implosion of the tRump presidency.
 Great Book! Captivating!
 I'm only on page 92, but I'm not enjoying it because a lot of it reads like a gossip column.  It is interesting to learn what people in the opaque Trump Administration think of one another but too much of it is personal, petty and trivial.  If it does not improve soon, I will probably stop reading this book.
 love love love love
 Wow
 Sometimes feels like a buzz seeker but enjoyable enough, if only the whole thing was a joke
 It was an easy, quick read. I became more familiar with the players and why they acted and grouped as they did. Would that he were still there for a follow up!
 I think Wolff got this right.
 Yes, there are items that are questionable, but as the weeks roll on, we see these questionable items becoming more plausible. Soon we will see that suggestions in the entire publication are true. The author had nothing to lose, because he was not an officeholder and the subject could not bully him or publicly steamroller and negate  his writings. What a great opportunity for the public to be  fully informed of the twisted person who has become our nation's despot.
 Very interesting.  What a horror story he is. How much damage are they going to let him do? Yikes!
 Sign in front of the White House:  “Wanted. Stable Genius President.”
 #RESIST
 It's like Orwells's "1984," but it's real and terrifying. I'm 73 and I never felt frightened about our presidents the way I do now. The book is well written--I'm a professional writer and Wolff is tremendous in his style and content. I live in New York: will the first bomb drop here?
 Chaos reigns...oh to have President Obama for the third term....
 Overall I found this to be very believable.  There are nuggets you wouldn't otherwise learn. The writing style was somewhat difficult to follow as the author has likes complex sentence structure--so it's a slow read. I recommend it.
 This was scary and makes one more alert about our government!
 The prologue sent me scrambling for the dictionary but then after that it was an easy read. My advice is skip the prologue and go right to the 1st chapter. A well written account of what is going on inside the White House.
 If you are inclined to dislike Trump, this book will resonate with you. Much of the content is credible, but there is some which is hard to believe, so read it with some healthy skepticism.
 WOW! What a revelation. I know it's true that he didn't expect to win.He said ,at a rally the day before Election Day, "The fix is in. We're going to fight it."He said that several times.
 Impressions, quotations, and inference based observation drive the narrative of this compelling contemporary history. Whether a neutral observer or committed partisan, this well written, literate account of the inner turmoil of the Trump West Wing is required reading.
 The story was all too familiar, but with significantly more juicy details than known publicly.  Maybe a little loose with the facts and/or research, it certainly was an entertaining read!  Enjoyed it!
 Hooo boy...it certainly was pretty entertaining. It's just what it says on the tin--an account of the first 9 months of Trump's time in office, along with a description of his campaign leading up to his victory. To keep this review short, much of it is unbelievable, and I'd take it with many grains of salt. I hardly think Wolff was a fly on the wall for big scenes like various heated arguments between team members (Bannon's terrifying blowup at Hope Hicks the most dramatic) and things like that.<br/><br/>However, there are a couple of things that make me think the core of the book and its theses (that Trump's team is fractious, fundamentally unprepared for the responsibility of rule, and didn't even want to win at all) are accurate. First, it's the reactions of the Trump administration itself. As I'm sure many of you have heard, they didn't deny the most explosive allegations the book made against Bannon, they just threw him under the bus. Why'd they do that unless those allegations couldn't be denied--i.e were true? Second, it's that the book doesn't come across as just an entirely one-sided, calumnious attack on the Trumps and everyone related to them. Wolff makes no secret of his contempt for these people, but also assiduously mentions what few good traits they have. He compliments Bannon for reading a lot, describes the cunning way in which the "Jarvanka" faction managed to outmaneuver him, lauds Jared and Ivanka for being moderating forces even as he condemns their financial stupidity, and admits that Trump, despite being a philandering misogynist, at least keeps Melania "in the style she's accustomed." So the fact that there's some balance here lends Wolff a little more credibility than I'd otherwise give.<br/><br/>And even if it was totally incredible, the book would be fun enough to make it worth the price. Again, Wolff makes no secret about his contempt for the Trump campaign, but he's not preachy about it. With clear, easily understandable prose, he highlights their absurdities and failings in a vivid, engaging manner that allows the reader to really see how bumbling, incompetent, and occasionally crazy these people are without adding in too much of his own voice. It's hard not to laugh at some of the descriptions of Bannon's poor choices in clothing, Trump's perpetual confusion, and Jarvanka's manipulations. Even if some of it might be embellished or just untrue, it's very funny.<br/><br/>Still, humor alone can't carry a "serious" book. If this work might not be 100% accurate, what value does it have? I can think of a couple:<br/><br/>1: As a demonstration of what people think of Trump's presidency. Again, even given all the caveats of its accuracy mentioned above, many people--not just me--think there's something to its outlandish accusations. If nothing else, that should give you an idea of how polarizing Trump's administration has been, and how profoundly cynical the opposition has become concerning Trump's sanity and competency.<br/><br/>2: A telling snapshot of the divisions within the Trump camp. Whether or not the specifics are accurate, I think it's hard to deny that Wolff fairly captures the genuine loathing many in the Trump campaign feel for each other. Pretty much everyone has heard of the conflicts, both personal and ideological, between people like Jared Kushner and Steven Bannon, John Kelly and Anthony Scaramucci, the "Republican Establishment" and the alt-right populists. Wolff's book provides excellent dialogue and "fight choreography" of a sort to put all that strange infighting on a very memorable stage.<br/><br/>So, yeah. I can safely recommend this book, and say I certainly don't feel like I wasted my money. Check it out, if only to get a better understanding of our current historical moment by keeping an eye on what you're skeptical about and what you find yourself drawn to believing. One more thing, the Kindle version does seem to have a couple of minor errors, like on page 4, there's a line that says, "This was the job Bannon a week later"--missing word, it should be "Bannon *received* a week later." I think I noticed a couple other small errors like that too, and while they're not huge, it is a little irritating. Still worth a buy though.
 This book goes into great detail behind the scenes of the Trump administration. I’m at a lost for words to describe my feelings for the country and so many of my friends and family members who support the actions of this administration without any questions. I guess I can say my heart aches for them and my country!
 Interesting details from some insiders in the White House. I think my moderate rating has only to do with sheer exhaustion in hearing of the current fire and fury emanating from the White House
 Began nicely and got increasingly better right up to its satisfying end. Thanks to this book, I'm making more sense of today's political news.
 So true
 Very revealing look inside the chaos of this administration.  Very interesting and attention-holding read. I highly recommend this interesting read.
 I read it, I liked it, I passed it on.  A must-read for those in doubt or in confusion about this President.<br/>Much of it is shocking and unprecedented. The man is unfit and unprepared.<br/>Decide for yourself.
 This is an ok read. No real big surprise that I found. I was hoping for so real insight but it was mostly recounting the year. It does explain some of the nonsense we’ve been putting up with but not so much as to give us hope it will be over soon. I did find that the book had a big emphasis on Steve Bannon since he was the source of most of the information.
 Interesting and an easy read. Left a rather scary overall impression of Trump as very easily led and manipulated by others.
 Based on what I see of this administration I just pray the country survives.  He is delusional at best and demented and deranged at worst.  And Pence certainly doesn't appear to be much of an improvement.  The republicans have plenty of sane competent people.  Why did we end up with this guy?
 A good review and description of the circus we now have in Washington DC.  If you are not scared to death by reading this, you are probably not thinking very much.
 Bought because I could. This is America!!
 It shows the Trump administration as the buffoonery that it, unfortunately, is.
 Just finished "Fire and Fury" by Michael Wolff.  At several points along the way, I thought to myself how much I wished this book had been illustrated, either by a graphic house like DC Comics or by a capable courtroom sketch artist.  Nonetheless, I thought it was dutiful with regard to the mesh of the narrative with the time stamps of that which is already in the public domain.  By the end, I was left wanting more.  Unfortunately, "more" is evolving at this very moment. (Sigh)
 Truly scary to know how emotional and reactive this president is. The book may not be entirely factual but it reads well and is likely to be mostly true.
 I loved the book.
 Entertainingly horrifying.  Because most of this we can see for ourselves, the rest is not too difficult to believe it could be true.
 After over 200 years it’s sad we’ve come to this. Welcome to the kakistocracy.
 Am now in the process of reading this book.  Don't know how to separate fact from fiction in the text, but Trump doesn't come out well.  I won't go into politics here but it is an interesting read.
 A good read!
 This book isn't written terribly well, but it is interesting. I'm not saying I believe everything Michael Wolff wrote in this book, but it does put a lot of thing in to context regarding out current political situation.
 Wolff paints a picture of a White House that's exactly what you'd expect given the news coverage of Trump's first year in office. Rivaling political factions competing for the affections of an ignorant, narcissistic leader make for an administration with no clear agenda and an impetuous decision-making style. The book is poorly written, however, and feels like it was rushed to print. Misspellings, punctuation errors, and grammatical mistakes often distract the reader from the author's point.<br/><br/>I didn't think Wolff was nearly as hard on Trump as the media coverage of the book made him out to be. Overall, it's an interesting quick read and a good way to spend a weekend.
 Some have disparaged this, but I enjoyed it from beginning to end! While some facts are questionable, it offers interesting insight into the chaos of today. A page-turner for me.
 I felt the book was good at coalescing data points which many of us may have heard briefly but due to the rapid pace of news events within the administration, it is hard to focus and digest material.  Honestly, though, it reminded me of a soap opera in parts. But who can deny the behavior of this administration isn't somewhat of a Peyton Place?
 You cannot make this stuff up.
 In spite of the dangerous, inept, and clearly unfit man we have in office, I have to admit that I enjoyed this book and even laughed out loud at times. Unlike some other reviewers, I had no problem with the author's style and I kind of enjoyed the asides he frequently inserts into his sentences. As for the accuracy of the book, anyone who has paid attention for the past year has already witnessed so much bizarre behavior by this White House that it's not even remotely a stretch to believe the anecdotes in Wolff's book. Is this a great book? Probably not. I gave it five stars because it is an important one, and a book that should be read by everyone who cares about the survival of our democracy.
 Politically important read.
 i like this book, i believe alot , mostly all thats said in this book.
 Everything you already knew...and much more...in an easy, plausible format. The man sat in the west wing for months taking notes. You be the judge.
 Sad.
 Bought the book as a gift for my wife. Once she srarted to read the book she could not put the book down. Read the complete book in one weekend.
 This book confirmed just about everything I felt and thought about enduring year one of the Trump presidency. Thanks to Michael Wolff for being brave enough to write this book. God Bless America.
 Absolutely terrible! Poorly written, story line back and fourth not a real clear ending and I am not a Trump supporter, I just enjoy a well written book while riding the bike!
 MUCH MORE Than just a "tell all" or gossip rag type book. It explained the 3 factions that war within the White House and where each player is coming from and what they're trying to get out of the experience. Many of the people in the WH are there to try to ride the coat-tails of the presidency and all it can do for their personal "brands". No one is there to serve the country. They are there to serve their own pocketbooks. It's a big grab for the wealth of the nation. It clearly outlines the limitations of this president's attention span and his inability to focus, his inability to make decisions, his extreme dysfunction in just wanting people to like him, and yet his profound cruelty. He's extremely dependent on people who don't know anything about the government but do know how to "handle" his moods. This White House is more about handling the man's moods and tempers than it is about doing anything for the country. They don't even think about what's good for the country. They only think about what serves THEIR PERSONAL AGENDAS. It's a warning. If this man is not removed and if we do not rebuild our government, then we're a leaderless country in one way, yet about to become a tyrannical dictatorship also. He hasn't filled positions in the WH because he wants to be the master, yet he doesn't even know what a person who gets citizenship has to know to pass the test! He only wants people loyal to him, not necessarily people who are even qualified. There's a lot of magical thinking in the WH and not much seriousness about what they're doing. They have no concept of history and so they can't learn from history. They're such a far cry from the educated and aware people we've had so far that it's beyond scary. After reading this book, I could easily follow and expound upon the various characters and their agendas, and the waves and trends in the WH and why they exist and where they're coming from. All this in an entertaining style that's easy to read Maybe even Trump could read some of it, who knows? The writer practically lived in the WH for many months, setting up shop on a couch, and he had access to everything, being able to wander in and out of offices and listen to and watch conversations. There is no method or protocol in this WH, so it was wide open for him to just take notes and tape conversations. People came to him to sound off and he made it all into a book. It's probably the greatest insight into any White House that we've ever had, because his access is unprecedented! If you only read one book about all this, read this one. you'll understand the players and underlying forces pretty well after reading this.
 Terrific book for the times. Brought more focus and light on this dark administration.
 This book discusses many of the news items on the trump administration from the past year. Insight into the incompetence  of the current president.
 Author gives a good inside look at Trump and his minions. Scary stuff. He uses more words that I had to look up than in any previous book. Recommend.
 Tidbits on inside rivalries and sniping present a picture of newbie semi chaos. Chose book because curious. View presented is in a sense disillusioning. Creative reporting of "conversations" comments. 50%creativity versus factual, I would guess, but worth the read
 There isn't a lot in it that we haven't already heard about.  It does have a bit of a tabloid feel, and at times I wondered how the author had gotten some of the white house officials to open up to him.  If only half of it is true, it's still a pretty sorry state of affairs in the white house.  Our country is in big trouble.
 good grief!
 The book was well done.. we just need a new President.
 Thus was a very detailed look at the chaos inside the Trump White House.  It is hard to believe that the base bought all this and continue to support him.
 A book that everyone should be reading!
 Riveting, at times hilarious and compelling peek behind the iron curtain at the dotard in a bathrobe.
 This explains so much. I had heard much about it but not interested until I saw the author's book tour TV appearances. WIth recent events unfolding (and more daily) this is a must-read.
 If your read this book and aren't upset by what the American voter has done to this country then you are part of the problem. This shows the absolutely stupidity of putting a no nothing celebrity into public office. We can only pray the country survives this travesty of foolishness.
 This book clarifies for me what has been going on behind the scenes that is the mess that I am observing with the Trump administration. It's clear that he has no business being anywhere near our federal government.  Trump is clearly ignorant, unstable, totally self centered, not very smart, devoid of ideas, a bully, dangerous and a total embarrassment to America.  This book helped me understand and confirmed my observations over the past 18 painful and upsetting months
 Very interesting book portraying the chaos of Trumps white house.  A window into Steve Bannon's mind.  No matter what you may th ink of Steve Bannon (never good) . It s obvious that he is far more intelligent than Trump.
 The further I got into it, the funnier it became.  A lot of stupid people running our government all with college degrees.  As my wise old grandmother would call them:  "educated fools."
 Wow, even if there's a smidgen of truth anywhere in this book, it's mind-boggling how we as a nation got here and why we are so unable to do anything about it. Fast and outrageous read. It takes us into a world we only glimpse in the headlines and talk shows. Unfortunately most of it sounded real and very scary to contemplate.
 No surprises here, but then, I seem to be in the minority in not being surprised when Trump does something shocking. That's his whole and only game, right? How else does one call attention to oneself, when lacking actual talent or intelligence? I was set straight on one issue. It seems, from being stated outright to as he is portrayed in the book: Trump is fairly mild-mannered most of the time, and seeks approval of those he thinks are smarter and richer than he is. He is depicted as the big, dumb dog that rolls belly-up when another dog approaches, only to bark furiously when the same dog has left. I guess I imagined him raving lunacy 24/7.<br/>Definitely read with a grain of salt, but then, there is the adage: "you can't make this stuff up."
 This book was difficult to put down, wondering what was next to be revealed. I only wish the narrative had continued through a few more months. It won't change any minds about one's opinion of the White House turmoil.
 I'm about 5 hours into this and I'm loving it! Sad, enlightening, terrifying, and everything I thought might have been going in the Donald's white house.. OH to be a fly on the wall!  I suspect heads will continue to roll as people work their way through all the possible implications... November 2018 should be quite an interesting month... cant wait to see how all the various political campaigns will roll out.. Will they steer clear of Trump or embrace him?
 very interesting book, pulls together many of the news reports and puts it in the context of discussions in the white house by the people directly involved<br/><br/>well read and easy to listen to
 Interesting, sometimes blow by blow account. Trump described as 'post-literate' because his only source of information is through a TV screen. comes across as a seriously flawed individual. Apparently gets bored at meetings and leaves early.  Makes you wonder who is running the show.
 What I love about this book is it takes all the crazy, puzzling news that we have seen drizzling out of the White House and actually makes a narrative that finally makes sense. Every page has about forty delicious tidbits about the fact that this current President is like a cardboard cutout that his staff has to hold up and pretend that he is actually a competent leader. Mesmerizing!
 love it
 It was a fascinating read.  While the Trump Whitehouse appeared to be outwardly unorganized, Michael Wolff's book to me behind the scenes of a totally chaotic operation.  It was like readiing the palace intrique of some medieval kingdom.  It was a great book!!!
 This book just confirmed all the crap that I've seen Trump do since to book was written.  The book validates how I was already feeling about him.
 Couldn't put it down
 The book is mainly "gossipy" in style, a tell-all about personalities.  I found reading Steele's report and the book and "Collusion: Secret Meetings, Dirty Money and How Russian Helped Donald Trump Win" by Luke Harding much more enlightening in regards to what is likely going on.
 It covers more than what we have all seen and heard in the news, it pulls the curtain back (the rest of the way) on what is going on at the White House, within the Trump world, and sadly what we might have to look forward to...
 Exposes the weakness of our electorate to choose a<br/>President that panders to emotion rather than rational thought. His supporters were fools. This book was difficult to finish due to the absurdity of Trump.
 The book is well-written with minor editing mistakes. I enjoyed reading this book and recommend it for anyone who studies politics and anyone who is interested in what the President and his administration are allegedly doing behind the scenes, very interesting material.
 The author provided many details behind what I read/heard from the mainstream media.  He also confirmed some of my suspicions about the current administration in the White House.
 This was an entertaining read. I was hoping there would be more shocking, “insider” info in it; however, it’s merely a reflection of what most intelligent Americans already know by watching or reading the daily news.
 At this point in time,8/18, everything in the book pales in comparison with what has been going on currently in the White house. I only fiinished it to get it over with.
 Loved the conversational style and inside scoop! Least liked the fact that it contained many instances I was already aware of.
 Love the book and all that it's accomplishing, which is a lot. But since the book doesn't need any further praise from me -- it's getting a lot of deserved praise all over -- I'll say this, with the delusion that maybe Michael will see this and fix the book in the next edition. :-)<br/>I use the device of 'parenthetical dashes' a great deal myself. But, seeing the effect that they have when they're overused -- which Michael absolutely does, and like I'm doing here -- I might have to make myself stop. I think if not for the extreme interest of this book's material, all the dashing would doom the book to tedium. Dashes like these can serve good purposes -- like providing further depth, and allowing digressions without breaking the basic flow -- but they can also be crutches, giving the writer an illusion of organization when the material -- in actuality -- is a bit disorganized. And in any event, when overdone in an extreme -- as in this book -- it does disturb the flow, and it can get obnoxious real quick. Thank you, Michael, for this great and important book. But also, thanks for letting me see what it can feel like to be reading stuff with so much parenthetical dashing -- I might otherwise never have gotten it so vividly -- so that maybe I'll stop doing it myself.<br/>Nevertheless, 5 big stars. Easily.
 Well written informative book that unfortunately confirms why we have seen and still see the day to day chaos from the White House. Is it factual . . . the White House is in attack/damage mode regarding the book, they tried to stop the release (it’s called freedom of speech), a plethora of denials now coming from the White House staff (likely adding to their plethora of previous lies and misdirection), President in full Tweet mode and now Bannon is gone. My guess he won’t be the last one released due to captured statements in this book.
 From outside we see the results.  This gives insight into motivation and actions of the behind-the-scenes players. Very readable, if not quite a page turner.
 I like the fact that the book is fairly honest and straightforward. What I do not like it so many people in the country do not believe the book and think it is all "fake news". I checked out the sources supplied in the book and it all seems like it is from good reliable sources. It is a very good read.
 Awesome just like the news!
 is another name that could have been used for this book - Fire &amp; Fury.<br/><br/>The book confirms - with details - what we already know, unless you’re a Fox Faux News watcher. The insider information is interesting, detailing the chaotic, bloody mess of Trump and the Trumpeters inside the White House.<br/><br/>The book seemed rushed and could have used a good editing. Nearly every sentence is broken up with ad lib comments, making  it hard to read. In addition, the author used uncommon words throughout, which added unclarity of the point that was being made. Having it on Kindle definitely helps in looking up word definitions and knowing who the characters are when mentioned in Fire &amp; Fury.<br/><br/>I considered giving this book a 3 star rating, because the sentence structure  is unpleasant to read. I gave it 4 stars because the details of Trump's dysfunction was confirming: I’m not crazy to think the wheels have come off.
 What a laugh a minute read. I can't wait to see what happens next.:) My sides really hurt  from the laughter !😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂😃
 Just goes to show you what a jerk Trump is and what he is really like.  He is destroying this country and this book just goes to show it.  Also there are quite a few books that say the same thing.
 Believable, entertaining, well written in a conversational tone and an all around great read.<br/>The author is clearly in the know and strives to relate events with authority and authenticity.
 A must read!
 I despise Trump tbh, and I'm a former Democratic State Committeewoman.  I believe he should be impeached (which means charged formally and brought to actual public trial, not removed from office unless convicted).  I suspect we are headed for at least a proxy war with Putin, which would make collaboration traitorous, and a capital offense.<br/><br/>Even given that.<br/><br/>All you have to do is read Wolff's description of how the NYC literati and press had it out for the man, and his blaming Kushner for the decline and early death of a news editor at a paper Kushner bought (I found Wolff's eulogy for that editor at The Guardian) and a picture emerges.<br/><br/>This is a book by a man who believes that his cadre created Trump, in part, and so it is his responsibility to bring him down.<br/><br/>There is social engineering, bullying, and snobbery underlying every line.<br/><br/>Read this in part as a document of the psychology of the Eastern seaboard self-segregated urban elite who uses the term "fly-over state" to refer to the majority of the country by geography.<br/><br/>All Democrats are not like this.  I grew up in a rural, agricultural state.  I was born in the Midwest.  But I live in Cambridge MA smack between Harvard and MIT, surrounded by any number of city people who wouldn't know what part of a cow to milk or what that was analogous to on a human, and if they thought too hard they'd never drink milk again.  I am not vegan.<br/><br/>But there are a lot of Americans today avoiding thinking too hard about each other's realities.<br/><br/>I also found Wolff's writing from back in the Clinton administration dissecting just what it took to push America into accepting that travesty -- and I believe he is taking those lessons and implementing them against a Republican administration.  It's a bed the GOP made and have to accept the short sheets they are sleeping in.  I believe we are finding far graver issues than a stained dress and a single lie here.<br/><br/>I am still a liberal and a Democrat, but one determined to see all sides confront their mirrors.  If this is our accepted truth without looking for motivation and nuance, without asking questions regarding the author, then we have a problem regardless of party.  What we have here is a failure to communicate.<br/><br/>How do we reunite this country?  This is not the answer.  What this is, is a strategic weapon aiming for hearts and minds.  How can we possibly know how much is true without reviewing audio?
 While all of Mr. Wolff’s claims in total are hard to believe,it is clear that he did have access to enough players (especially Bannon) to be offering many accurate insights into the circus of the current administration.  I enjoyed the book and would recommend it.
 Unlike Stephen Miller's assessment of the book, this is a well written page-turner.  Sums up everything we read in the paper on a daily basis but with all the behind the scene details.  Thanks for the recommendation, Mr. Trump.
 While not precisely disciplined in a journalistic sense, this book poses plausible explanations for the chaotic and disturbing topics  that dominate our daily news.
 It was an interesting read, although very disturbing.  How one relates to this book is determined by how one feels about this presidency.  Maybe there could have been something good to write about this presidency to give the reader that the author is giving a balanced look into the White House and not just trying to confirm a preconceived judgment.
 Bullying people and trying to interfere with free speech is not acceptable in this country. Demanding loyalty and never ending praise is only for the truly inadequate and insecure.  Threatening to sue or lock up anyone who opposes you does not yield obedience. I can recommend several places where this behavior IS acceptable. Those places might also welcome another golden tower. Worth my $14 to make these points.<br/><br/>It is absolutely clear to me that the there is a lot of truth in this book. You just can’t make this stuff up. And the lack of pushback from those quoted in the book only adds to the credibility.
 I can't think of a better protest to this current president then reading a book.
 Well written and assembled. Provides a lot of context to the people surrounding the president.
 Michael Wolff describes the first months of the DJT administration as a huge roller coaster ride. It's sometimes difficult to believe that all the facts aren't mixed with assumptions which haven't been proved. Yet, it's worth reading, although the reader has to take into account, that the things mentioned are only covering DJT first months as president.
 Michael Wolff's book, Fire and Fury: Inside The Trump White House, was quite revealing in terms of the inner workings, rivalries, and in-fighting within the Trump White House.<br/><br/>Mr. Wolff's up close perspective gives the reader a unique view of the characters, intrigue, and chaos in the West Wing. It is informative, insightful, and most entertaining!
 Good read. A real page turner, hard to put down. Well-written for the most part, a few editing errors, probably due to the rush to publish. It won't surprise anybody who has been paying attention to the non-Fox, non-Breitbart news. Having said that, it is amazing how little support Trump has within his administration. Even his family are not always his friends. I'm sure there are relatively minor factual errors, but on the whole, it agrees with everything I have read and heard about the dumpster fire that is the Trump administration. May God, in whatever form he or she exists, have mercy on us all.
 There is nothing in this book that hasn't already been reported through multiple outlets, but it is handy to have within a single edition. The news cycle in this administrations is so rapid that it's easy to forget how it all started.<br/><br/>Not a huge fan of this author's writing style, but I'd rather he profit from the compilations rather than Bannon (who appears to have sourced a lot of this). It's a bonus that it riled 45, and that alone is worth the price of the book.
 An incredible look at our most incompetent President. Proof reading could have been better. Otherwise, a great book on a disabled Executive Branch.
 It is a frightening look at the dysfunction of our government and those in office. Very good book!
 Well...well....well. No surprises here. Those who voted for Trump knew exactly what they were getting. Those of us who didn't..... we also knew exactly what we were getting. What a sh*t-storm. Most entertaining account of the Bannon and the Jarvanka angle - who knew those kids were in over their heads? (Pretty much everyone except them.) Absolutely NO ONE with a brain will find this enlightening in any way - you will not be surprised at the chaos that is the Trump Presidency. The in-fighting is the best. Schadenfreude at it's finest. Great book - it confirmed my worst fears.Will happily watch them all go down in the 2018 midterms.
 The wheels on the Trump bus are definitely wobbly, hopefully they are about to fall off soon! This book, while kind of "gossipy" tells parts of the stories that are now being confirmed by Muller's team. I don't really like reading these kind of books because they are so negative, but this one I had to purchase.
 I chose this rating because it definitely kept me very interested. What I liked was it kept my interest. What I disliked was it ended quicker than I expected. I would recommend to all my friends and family.
 Couldn't put it down.  A spot on insider's look at the day to day operations of the most unique, and frightening presidency of our nation's entire history.<br/><br/>When taken with currently known facts, and the President's recent live performance in the Cabinet room with Congressional representatives of both parties discussing DACA, it becomes clear that Michael Wolf's central premise is quite true.<br/><br/>The book leaves us hoping for the inevitable showdown before Special Counsel Mueller to occur sooner, rather than later, for the safety of both our Democratic Republic, it's institutions, and the world as a whole.
 Actually made it all the way through. Not as harsh as I expected. Most of the content I had heard before.
 It’s interesting to find out exactly how immature our so-called president is but the book with its constant interruptions on m-dashes is hard to get through. The m-dash asides in the middle of every paragraph are so distracting I had to skip them to understand what the author meant.
 WOW I am not sure how much is true but even if 1/2 true it shows a presidency of dunces and amateurs
 Despite the insignificant mistakes and typos, this book very clearly paints a picture of the Trump White House that few are rushing to deny. Given what we already know about this president, the story is completely believable, notwithstanding its shocking substance.
 I follow the news, so in general much of what Wolff presents wasn't new to me, and Wolff's descriptions are in great detail. As an ethnographer, I understand the extensive work that goes into describing what one observes. I have a concern about the credibility of what he presents given the rich detailed description which most likely is not completely accurate, but filtered through his perspective even when presented as thick description. I am not a Trump supporter, but I do care about getting as accurate a picture as possible.
 As advertised. Right wing hates it, Left wing wishes it weren't so accurate.
 The idea is not surprising, but the detail is shocking. It shows our government is a puppet on strings for people like Ailes, Mercer and Murdoch.
 I was quite surprised by not only the jaw-dropping content, but also by how incredibly readable and, dare I say, gripping it was.  I had a hard time putting it down.  Well written and, seemingly, well researched.
 great read
 Very interesting
 It's taken me awhile to read this, and now, like yesterday's newspaper and its editorials, seems like history.  But I appreciate reading about the inside machinations of this Trump White House and Wolff does a good job telling the tale. I did have to look up some of his vocabulary, which was easy given a kindle book. I also got distracted looking up Wikipedia entries of many of the players in this drama, and surprised to find out how many of them have New Jersey roots.
 Anyone wishing to understand how the WH works - or doesnt work- and the everyday crazy should read it. Also great quotes from Wolff but also Bannon and the other 'characters'
 Perhaps childish lunacy has met it’s match...literate book lovers.
 Run, don't walk, and get this book, it explains so much of the insanity that is going on in the White House, and why. It is a fun, scary read.
 Funny to look back at the course of events that have occurred in The White House since this book was published and see that the results were written on the wall.
 The book did not tell me anything I didn't already know in terms of events.  Anyone who follows the news even as a casual listener knows about the events.  However, it provided details and players that needed to be revealed to this country.
 Following this president is a real adventure--not necessarily a good adventure.  This book has been an eye opener to the real Trump f s Emily.
 Considering what it is, a worthwhile read. Definitely biased, but amusing, and does a good job with chronological order of the Trump reign so far
 A quick, salacious read.  What is written in these pages is almost hard to believe.  Almost.  Until you recall all that has happened and know, with this administration, it's likely true.  Any doubt has been removed by these things actually washing out in the media now.  The White House is a madhouse, full of dummies, backstabbers, and petty ladder climbers.
 Very interesting reading.  Definitely not a novel, writing is inconsistent and not well organized.  As time passes though, more and more of what he wrote is being verified.
 Ok<br/><br/>I don’t normally read political opinion books like this, that emerge during a presidential term that is still in operation, but Michael Wolfe is a good writer and the advance commentary drew me in<br/><br/>If you follow the news already there isn’t that much new in reading the book but for putting the amazing pieces into context and sequence with other events.<br/><br/>I’m confident some of the details presented in the book are speculation and hyperbole - exaggerated by the author. Even so, I’ve been following US politics closely since late 2016, and it’s the COLLECTION of stories set against the timeline, set against what I’ve witnessed turning up as reports in the news.<br/><br/>Abstract individual stories - the cheeseburgers in bed for example - sound out there, but line them all up and it’s clear that collectively this book hits the mark more often than it may miss.<br/><br/>Summary: this doesn’t read or feel like a collection of BS; it has a real ring of ‘yeah, this is legit’<br/><br/>It’s no candidate for a Pulitzer Prize, but who cares? The book is hilarious on its own, that it’s even come out so soon and so juicy is a sign that the US perception of transparency and democracy - ah huh - is still there, and that the best form of resistance is happening, by the people and for the people (and of course, mr Wolfe’s bank account is pretty flush too I’m sure).<br/><br/>Sadly, I’m also confident there will be no more such books as this administration is going to go full Underwood to try and build a veneer of ‘integrity’.<br/><br/>Really recommend, but don’t wait to buy; in 6 months this book will have been well superseded by events. QED: false middle alert for Hawaii on 15/1/18. That should make most people freeze with what can ACTUALLY happen
 Great story telling from someone who was there and had more understanding of the players than they had of themselves.  I think it was a Great service to get this inside view out to the public. Now we understand how much we need to get a competent leadership in the Whitehouse.
 I GUESS MY EXPECTATION OF THIS WAS TOO HIGH  ITS JUST RAMBLINGS
 Better written than the media reporting would lead one to believe.
 Everything you pretty much knew went down in the Trump White House and then some!
 Solidly written. The author was fully transparent in separating what he heard from hearsay.  A revelatory look at executive branch disfunction. Yes, the author is preaching to the choir, but so much of the work is confirmed by alternate sources that it is hard to dispute what is presented.
 Who knows how much of this stuff is true. But it's a fun read - particularly the president's nighttime phone calls. He's a regular Chatty Cathy.
 This is a rare book of life inside the West Wing, hampered by inconsistent writing style. However, many its shortfalls, it is a necessary read in today’s unusual political climate.
 If you love books with reconstructed political history, this is a good one. It has verisimilitude going for it - a fancy way of saying that it may not be strictly factual but it’s description of the Trump White House certainly rings true.
 Not a fast read. A large cast of characters making it hard to follow at times. Make sure you have an ample amount of alcohol and popcorn while reading this book.
 excellent read about a terrible president
 This book is eye-opening and shocking. I realize that Micahel Wolff is getting a lot of pushback from certain journalists and Trump lovers attempting to discredit him, but I have read that his book just affirms what others know or have written. A must-read for anyone who is interested in what went on in the White House in the first months.
 Quite the tell all and it is not unbelievable either....It is unbelievable only in the way that Trump is actually the POTUS. Unbalanced, corrupt and a liar...what a guy! UGH.
 very interesting. the problem is, Our "current commander in chief" creates so many crazy attentions one after the other hat everything is already obsolete shortly after it is published.
 Very interesting book. Also, very frightening!
 Distressing, but informative and wholly believable.
 This is the best comedy/horror book since "Feud," which was an absolutely DELECTABLE trashy tome about Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in their declining years. Unfortunately for Donald Trump, this book exposes him as an even bigger drama queen than either of them, and his declining years seem to have begun when he was a toddler.<br/><br/>Every word in this book has the ring of truth to it. Every outrageous, unbelievable word.<br/><br/>The President is the biggest narcissist ever in the history of reality. I was not surprised by a single nightmarish thing I read. In fact, I honestly don't think I could have imagined worse than what's told in this book.<br/><br/>Buffoon. Idiot. Bully. Tool. Blowhard. Blimp. Gasbag . Liar. Pretender. Poseur. Hack. Charlatan. Cheater. Bigot. Misogynist. Pervert. Clown. Every word, every action from this man is so clearly directed at his father, in an unconscious, perpetual attempt to win the approval he feels was so coldly and permanently denied as a child. It's tragic, really. But what's more tragic is that the Republican party allowed this man to become their mascot. The books tells of slimy GOP toadies and users and sleazy sycophants galore among the White House staff, including the family. The tales told of these people's actions-and also their treatment by their "Boss"- are devastating and humiliating, cringe-worthy and always completely embarrassing. I mean, Trump will consume himself eventually, but how will the party ever come back from this?????<br/><br/>Wolff's book clearly shows how the President is emblematic of everything that is wrong with this country: he's reckless, wasteful, indifferent to human suffering, self-important, self-destructive and just-plain destructive in general, cares more about money than humanity and is utterly ignorant of how the rest of the world perceives America. This book's existence is proof that, thankfully, the good people of this country will not permit him and his ilk to destroy or sully this great nation.. America didn't need to be "made great" until this administration took over. Making America great AGAIN will now be up to the Democrats and Independents so that America can return to being the dignified, wise, respectable, compassionate, considerate and cooperative land of brotherly love and opportunity she truly is.<br/><br/>The deplorables have all been outed now. Scurrying back under their rocks when Trump is impeached will be very hard. The Nazis had a tough time trying to go into hiding by assimilating themselves back into the populace. The Trumpsters will face the same fate.<br/><br/>"Fire and Fury" is a great book. It gives first-hand and irrefutable evidence that Trump's own fate is already as clear as can be: he will never be able to cope with his dismal, utter and complete failure as President of United States of America.<br/><br/>And that is as it should be.
 Do not feel this is a correct portrayal.  I feel this was done fir revenge.
 Based on interviews of Michael Wolff on various news and entertainment outlets and the author's own statement that he had to stretch the truth in some instances just to let people realize the chaos in the White House was out of control.  I guess it's called being glib.  Anyway, most of what he writes about has been since verified but in the end the reader is left with more questions rather than answers about Trump's agenda.  Maybe that's because it's always been an agenda in progress subject to the daily whim of Trump himself.  It does prove one thing though and that is that Trump is definitely in over his head.  Whether or not Trump really wants or wanted to be President is also not answered.  He failed to address what everyone else is asking:  did Trump run for financial gain?  That is, there's lots to be gained by being a perpetual candidate in terms of usable money from campaign fund raising, a full war chest and the pitfalls for someone like Trump to fall into because of his dearth of ethics.  I need to re-read this book.  Maybe I missed something that was supposed to read between the lines.
 Better than advertised!
 Very interesting. If anywhere near a true depiction of what goes on, then this country is in trouble. To have only two "real' candidates of the likes of Clinton and Trump demonstrates what disaster our so-called republic has become. Glad I am old without that many more years left. Can't fathom of how much more ineptness and incompetency our poor nation can take.
 This book is on the best seller's list and was all across the news. I wanted to read what all the fuss was about. It is actually a great read!
 Fun, gossipy read. Don’t think it is purely factual, but it seems to catch the mood and entertaining, ghastly subject though it may be.
 Jaw dropping reality t.v. at its finest. It would be entertaining if it wasn’t real life. As I watch the news, I find myself saying. Damm it’s just as the book depicted.
 A frightening glimpse at the Peter Principle, acted out on arguably the most consequential stage on earth. . . a bit redundant, but nevertheless a must read.
 I'm glad this mas made lots of money off this book.  The time changes of incidents kept going back and forth.  How or why he knew all this is that I think he spent a lot guessing, but that's just me.  I'm a political junkie, never the less, I thought this book would never be over.  I would never read it again.
 Very readable.  Some unexpected information, but nothing inconsistent with what was able to be gleaned from OUTSIDE the White House.
 I loved this book! From the first page to the last it was fascinating. I am going to read it again. It gives such an insight into how crazy Trump is and what a disaster his administration/West Wing is, not that we don't already know that.
 I am enjoying this book. Of course, no book is 100% accurate, so I take it all critically. Each reader should make up his/her own mind as to what sounds true to them. There is enough humor to drive me to read it regardless!
 Well-done, but painful to read as an American.
 From all the initial press, I expected this to be a partisan hatchet job.  It is, in fact, an honest attempt to try to understand what’s been happening for the past year in the White House.  It has given me so much to think about.
 Clearly the team in the White House are there for themselves and haven’t a working brain among them all. An enjoyable, gossipy read. Where’s the beef?
 Every American should read this book.
 Read with preferred alcoholic beverage.
 I liked the book and as I wrote everyone should read and judge for themselves what's fact and what's not. It does backup everything reported in the news.
 Surprised as to how much one forgets about all the craziness of Trump and his deeds as this book unfolds over the course of time in Trump’s desire to satisfy his goal of getting into the White House.
 Wickedly funny and dreadful all at once. I'd enjoy it a whole lot more if this were fiction instead of the reality that's happening to our precious democracy. Maybe some of the writing isn't exactly accurate (10%?),  but anyone who pays attention to what's happening it's easy to see there's not much in this book to doubt. It really simply confirms what we already know.
 I actually haven't received the book, but I did download the free audio version and think it is well written!
 May be only juicy gossip, but gave me great pleasure thinking about how I participated in a book which really upset a certain stable genius.
 Rate a 5***** Wolff writes it like it is. Insight into Trumps inner sanctum is astonishing matched only by the incongruity of it. *****
 Here's all the tawdry tales of Trump presidential chaos.  The collected statements of Trump's insiders and employees is devastating.
 Now, the early days of the Trump presidency seem so long ago...who knows if the worst is yet to come?  I found Wolff's book funny and horrifying. Four years can seem like an eternity.
 Excellent written and very believable because it fits the story I observed on a daily basis for the last two and a half years.  thank you Mr. Wolff.
 Is this really happening in the executive branch of our government?  Wolff couldn't have made up the revelatory pronouncements by top officials and the president. It's shocking and embarrassing to read this book about Trump and know he's a U.S. President
 Very entertaining description of our current dysfunctional administration.  It does give you some hope that a group so erratic can't go on forever.
 This is a book that keeps the reader wanting to turn pages.
 Elect a clown; expect a circus.<br/><br/>As Wolff meticulously points out, no one in the country thought the third-rate game show host would become president, and no one within his tiny band of corrupt sycophants, including the candidate, wanted it to happen. We have had to live with daily reports of the shame and degradation coming from the White House for a year now, and the author has done an excellent job of giving us a compact and readable chronicle documenting the destruction of the American presidency.<br/><br/>Wolff is very up front, telling us in the introduction that he will report the lies told to him and let the reader decide what to make of them. Of course, lies, self-deceit, and outright clinical delusion are hallmarks of the current administration, so this is simply more of the same, but stacked and sorted for our convenience.<br/><br/>I bought this book immediately it was available, firstly because I want Wolff to make a lot of money for his efforts, and secondly because it will aggravate the Coward-in-Chief to see the tome on the best seller list. And because some people tried to stop its being published.<br/><br/>Resist, and make America America again.
 Helps you better understand the most disgraceful, amoral President of all time...
 Read it, don't judge, just read. Weather you support our president or not, this is a could not put down read
 The book is full of revelations from within about the man, the myth, the con. The author weaves a  story of a White House in disarray. I'd give it 5 stars except the author is a bit odd himself, but that shouldn't disqualify what he writes as fiction.
 This is a great read.  Sad our country has come to this but really tells what's going on in the WH.
 All I can say is Thanks, Michael Wolffe.
 Incredible book.  Well written and not at all what I expected.  Brought to light the entirety of the train wreck currently happening in the White House.  We should all be ashamed by the behavior, not only of our current president, but by all the members of congress that have turned a blind eye.
 Highly entertaining.  Wolff is a very good writer.  I bought it the first day it was a available as an e-book.  They clearly rushed it to publication.  Editor's errors abound.
 Interesting book, I feel it confirmed some of my suspicions about the Trump administration.  Wolff points out how poorly prepared Trump and his people were to take over the leadership of our nation.  Trump's people didn't expect to win the election.
 I bought it only because his lawyers tried to stop publication.  Power to the real people, not to the embecillic people that surround this moronic fake!
 A very interesting and accurate it seems, glance into the void that is Donald J. Trump.  Read it and weep.
 I see why Trump and his lawyers tried so very hard to block this books distribution.<br/>Fascinating inside look at what is going to be one of the biggest debacles in American history.
 Fascinating read.  Even if 50% of it is true.....WOW.  Grateful for these political insights.
 Reading history live as it unfolded. I would bet it will be an HBO mini-series
 Interesting read. As with all books read with an open mind. Albeit there seems to be a lot of chaos in the White House currently; this book details much of what he saw during his invited time into the inner workings of the White House. Very good read.
 Some good reading, most of which we already know. I wonder if Bannon got any royalties from this as it's mostly about him, not Trump.
 Fact or fiction (or "faction") be damned! Wolff's book is a strange and sad and alarming and hilarious rollercoaster of a story about our lardy and lollard commander-in-chief and his merry band of grifters! We credulous Americans deserve this Lord of the Flies. I might laugh myself to death if it weren't so easy to despair.
 Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!!  This book is a trip!  Just like Trump . . .
 Scary look into the early years of the White House. It was not an “easy” read. It jumped around a bit and I kind of question the accuracy of everything written.
 My husband loves it. He thinks the writing, and details are amazimg
 BIGLY good book. ;-)
 Michael Wolf’s Fire and Fury is a new entry in one of my favorite genre’s — presidential insider history.  This book has received a lot of attention because of its controversial account of the 45th president’s first months in office.  Wolff’s book is based on interviews he has had with key officials in the administration.  As with all insider books of this type, direct attributions cannot happen because insiders can’t risk their careers by speaking openly about what they see happening in a presidency.  Bob Woodward, the master of this genre, wrote extensively about the insider view of both Bushes presidencies as well as Bill Clinton’s.  If one looks at press reports throughout the last two years, one would find that what Wolff highlights was reported in part at the times the events took place.  The difference is that Wolff now adds more details and background to events he mentions.  His book shows the intense internal rivalries that have existed in this administration.  Rival factions have engaged in backstabbing, leaking stories to the press to discredit rivals, and outright sabotage to endanger the actions of the opposition.  What appears at this point to be the dominant faction, which he calls Jarvanka, is centered around Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump.  Another was centered around the now ousted Reince Priebus, and another centered around also ousted Steve Bannon.  Bannon in particular appears to have spoken directly at length with Wolff, in part because of his intense hatred of Jarvanka and their cronies.  Priebus and his group was the first faction vanquished largely at Jarvanka’s behest.  Wolff appears to give heavy weight to Bannon, which in my view is a major failing in a reporter’s objectivity in this book.  Bannon is not a clairvoyant muse of our times, despite how Wolff attributes to Bannon’s prognostications.  I would have preferred to have seen more of a balanced view from the Jarvanka faction, but their voice is less evident in this book, perhaps because as they are the dominant insiders who have nothing to gain by speaking out.  This failing aside however, it’s hard to deny the intense dysfunction of this administration, something which Wolff shows throughout the book.  So much so that I was fatigued by book’s end by the depth of ineptitude and bitterness that pervades among the President’s own team.  It will be interesting to see how the years ahead will shape as this administration matures and begins to understand (or not) the power their presidency has.
 After Trump’s successful, though inadvertent promotional efforts I was as little able to resist the lure of this book as millions of others. Asked in an interview Michael Wolff (the author) said he was surprised by the book’s big success (and I don’t think he was dissembling), because most of the things he writes about were actually known before, I think it is to his credit that he provides sort of a unifying narrative for the chaos that has reigned in the White House ever since this adminstration set foot in it, showing that it is partly due to all the different factions that were (or still are) after their own advantage, not thinking of, and much less working for, the president, the administration as a whole, or God forbid, the people they are supposed to represent and serve. It seems to most closely align with Plato’s regime of oligarchy, except Trump displays neither temperance nor moderation.<br/><br/>There have been critics who thought to attack the book on the grounds that it contained factual errors, sources have come forward claiming they never said what Wolff attributed to them or at least not in the way he worded it and others tried to discredit the book by saying Wolff himself admits that not everything is true which is not all what Wolff said. In the note preceeding the actual text he explains how he was able to install himself in the White House and also that, depending on whom he spoke to, he offen received very differing accounts of events and then had to try to make out what most likely really happened. So is every word he writes true? Probably not! Is the account he provides as accurate and faithful as he was able to manage from his perspective? I believe so! His characterizations of the different protagonists are spot on and chime with how they have portrayed themselves to the public, with what they have said or written on other media and how they have acted when in the public eye. In fact, even if Wolff had written the whole book as a roman à clef, the protagonists would still be recognizable.<br/><br/>On the surface it is a very entertaining read, because the author has a captivating and slightly ironic "voice". On the whole this book reads as "Realsatire" (a German term for which there is no adequat translation in English), which is when reality manages to eclipse its own satire. In a way it is also frightening and sad because what also emerges is that Trump may be Trump, but he is not really the agent of this story. Nowhere does this become more obvious than in the healthcare discussion. From Trump’s public statements about the topic it has become quite clear that he knows nothing of healthcare. In a pivotal moment Wolff reports that in a discussion with his aides Trump guilelessly asked "Why can’t Medicare simply cover everybody?", a question that is also asked by many progressives. But of course that is not what the Republicans (or even establishment Democrats) wanted, so this heresy never reached the light of the day, though it might be Trump’s most intelligent utterance ever (he probably wasn’t aware of the import of his question). What this episode shows is that Trump is not so much the problem himself, but rather a reflection of the people who continue to support him (some against their better judgement) and making excuses for his unconscionable behavior, the people who voted for him and still believe him (reportedly still more than one third of all Americans) and the society and culture which made his presidency possible in the first place. A very sobering and disheartening conclusion to arrive at. So maybe the book isn’t a satire after all, but more of a farcical dystopia in which we are all caught and from which there is no escape...
 Riveting!
 A rambling narrative of White House insider intrigue. Somewhat repetitive, like the President and reads like gossip. My suspicion, and fear, is that it is mostly true. Worth reading as timely and before 2018 elections.
 I only wish Michael Wolff had been with the campaign, too - would love to have heard about THAT.
 While it may lack the fly-on-the-wall prose of Woodward and Bernstein's classic, this will be remembered of similar political influence. Not because the reporting done is as stunning as the aforementioned, but because it so plainly connects the dots of incompetence on the canvas that is the Trump administration.
 As promised on time. Informative on a very destructive presidency.
 Have not read it yet.  I wish  it were in large print and in paperback.  But I am anxious to read what is in it since it has caused such a fury!
 A wonderful expose' of our fake president!<br/><br/>I have a waiting list of people who want to borrow the book when I am done with it.  I will probably rent it out by the day.
 Fast read. Good summary of wild government. Backbiting staff with no experience.  Careers will be destroyed if they stay or go. Terrible governing. Long lasting damages to our democracy.<br/>Why did they let this writer stay so long?
 Nothing really surprising in the content -  but interesting and entertaining.  I enjoyed it.
 The end of Trump president for sure after this read no second term for Trump. Seem amazing how Wolf had so much access to the president and the west Wing to be able write such a tell all book !
 But of course I loved it. Gossipy, jaw-dropping and may be the cause for my insomnia recently. OMG! A good read, but don't rely only on that to form opinions. Read all, disseminate well. Bots are everywhere.
 A little too such rant and not much balance. Reminds me of Trump himself.  Scary presidency presented. Sell fear-based books for profit and motive. Not nice.
 This book is really fun to read.
 If a millionth of this is true, Trump is to be pitied for disgracing himself with his ego and total lack of moral compass and ineptitude. Compelling read. Makes you wish Wolff had stayed longer.
 If any question remains related to the mess we have unleashed by electing this phony, vulgar, poseur to the highest office in this country, that question resides only in the feeble and disordered minds of people who are blind by virtue of their unwillingness to see!
 Not at all disappointed with the reading. Captivating and at times funny. Great reading while flying. Easy reading. A must read.
 For many years, I've heard various ppl. say we need a businessman in the White House. Having spent time in corporate America, I would disagree. A corporate head answers to a board, but unless their are stock holders his/her word is law. Our government was designed to safeguard against an autonomous system. The forefathers, having lived under the Kings rule, set up checks and balances to prevent a President from having complete power. Most Corporate CEO's can not grasp that concept. Corporate America is not set up to protect the greater good and the individual member.<br/>Mr. Wolff gave us a clear look into the mind of Mr. Trump. His book clearly demonstrated the chaos that Mr. Trump and his senior staff thrive in. They believe that their roles are to garner the most attention, help shake up the legislative branch, and to protect and gloss over the persona of Donald Trump.<br/>Mr. Wolff has shown us the underbellies of the senior staff. Their fears, insecurities, and how they cope with their nightmares. Its not pretty, nor is it smart. They underestimate those that fail to appreciate their beliefs and standards. They make enemies simply be being who they are. As a whole, they devalue the trust of those ppls who elected them and ridicule the "other side". Its a frightening look at what government is not meant to be.
 I found the writing overblown and the bad editing maddening (why only 3 stars), but the topic was engrossing and I couldn't put it down.
 Great book.
 What can I say that hasn't been said on TV and talk radio? Fascinating and easy to read.
 A very interesting view of Trump.  I didn't like him before I read the book, I like him even less now and here are the many many reasons why.
 I loved this book very well written. Bannon is way way smarter than I ver expected him to be. Great  story
 Very insightful !  Interesting to have a behind the scenes view of this administration’s foundation and the dysfunction that ensued. Very easy to read and author provides an intimate glimpse of the original crew inside the White House.  I recommend this book to anyone interested in knowing more about the dynamics within this new Administration.
 Finally got book. Great read, but I would have liked an email saying shipping was delayed. I just kept getting shipping dates further out than originally stated with no explanation.
 Really scary that someone as insipid, vapid, and moronic as Trump is is our President.  Very hard to put down full of great anecdotes and leaks.  Not really smmoth or crafty writing, but the inside information makes up for that.
 The only thing that hurts this book is the unbelievably stupid day to day SOP  that goes with this administration. How could a man who never wanted to be president become president. This book is documenting  history and may be in schools one day. Of course it reinforces that old saying be careful want you wish for.
 We're living in unknown times. I preordered this not only because of the political nightmare we're all experiencing, but especially because we, as American citizens, were demanded not to buy it.
 gives you an idea of what the first 9 months in the White House were like and who was knifing who in the back to get what they wanted.  not that interesting even to me a NON Trump person
 They say this book is not the complete truth and if that's the case the lies were a blast to read. The personalities and issues of the current White House are ridiculously chaotic.
 MUST read.
 I'm about halfway through the Kindle version, my hardback copy won't arrive for a month. That will be the one I lend people. I'm glad to see this became a best seller, not because I believe everything in the book (little things are wrong but the big picture of what happens reflects what avid readers of investigative journalism has already read.<br/><br/>This books packages it all up, a readable, gossipy insight into how profoundly unfit Trump is for the Presidency. It takes all of the spin and turns it around on the entire clown car that is this White House. Buy an extra copy, lend it out for those wavering about Trump. Best of all laugh out loud at the buffoonery that is Trump, Bannon, Priebus, Conway, Kushner et Al. They deserve every laugh and you know that's the thing they hate the most.
 Reads very believable. In line with what I have, as a voter, witnessed.
 
 Some of the editing showed that it was rushed to press. As the author said during interviews about the book: there's nothing here that we didn't know. His stringing together of events and was sometimes needlessly sensationalist in my opinion. The basics are undisputed enough and alarming at best.
 good book - HATE DONALD TRUMP!!!
 Nothing surprising. It did shed a clearer light on a few of the lesser known details, though.
 Just as compelling as advertised. Fire and Fury made me feel as if I were a fly on the wall in all the busiest rooms in the White House. And, yes, I also feel slightly gross. Is every word true? I don’t know, I hope the author has tapes. I will say that I do not get the sense he had an agenda against Trump, but is reporting the alarming goings-on. I’m glad I read it.
 I believe this book is 99% accurate.
 This book is confirmation -- Trump is not fit to be US president and I'm sickened to see how much he has debased the office of the presidency and the United States.
 Let me just get past the obvious and state that the book is absolutely worth reading.  I just spent the entire day reading it from cover to cover and feel better for being more informed.  Ignorance was bliss.  However, I have two big critiques:<br/><br/>1.  Michael Wolff's vocabulary is not only vast, but impeccably utilized.  Combined with this deep knowledge of the field, you have a great "guide" into the Trump world with Wolff.  If you are on his level or, like me, have the benefit of a kindle to look things up, you are safe.  However, the constant obscure references, the spattering of French colloquialisms, and words like "penultimate" make him sound like a pretentious liberal dick.  You've written a masterpiece that may bring a standing president down, quit it with trying to show off.<br/><br/>2.  The book is 2/3 about Bannon, not Trump.  This isn't necessarily a bad thing at all.  In fact, I'm glad for the in-depth knowledge and wonderfully detailed information.  However, it is worth noting that Bannon gets the detail in a way that Jarvanka and Trump himself do not.
 Very interesting to get the behind the scenes stuff after witnessing the "action" emanating Fromm 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue this past 18 months. I’m guessing 90%+ accuracy.
 Nothing new or fascinating here. I would read this book right before bedtime and fall asleep within minutes. I wish Michael would have written this better. It's just a long boring book.
 This explains a lot! I can't believe that Michael Wolff had so much access to the President. I'm sorry that he's not there now.
 Was looking forward to reading this after all the hype. Not sure how i feel about it after reading it. It wasn't bad, but lots of conclusions drawn without showing proof.  Katy Tur's book was better.
 This book should terrify anyone who reads it.
 Hilarious and scary, just like you knew it had to be on the inside at the WH!
 I found this book to be a real page turner and filled with all the behind the scenes info to fill in the gaps left by media coverage at the time of each event described. A good read for all.
 havent read it yet but I'm sure its great. not feeling like getting angry about this marmalade maniac, i get enough just listening to the news. i at least feel good i supported the book.
 After one year and two months of a nonstop circus in the White House that is constantly on display in the media, just about all of this book is entertaining and highly believable. From Trump treating the Presidency like a game of Stratego or Battleship, to the biggest collection of "know-nothings" ever assembled in a Presidential administration.....the hiring of unqualified people for the country's most important positions.....the constant struggle for favoritism from Trump by Bannon, Kushner and Ivanka..... the animosity and loathing amongst them.... What wouldn't be believable in this book?<br/><br/>Michael Wolff's style in this book engages the reader actively because the subject material is both amusing and interesting. By the time I acquired this book in January, a good number of highlights had already been publicized in the news. For me, this book was a "behind-the-scenes" embedding of the author, with a "seat on the 50-yard-line". Who better to tell these stories? As an avid follower of political news, there is a 100% chance I believe that all of this is true.....and factual.<br/><br/>Read it -- you won't want to put it down.  Sort of like watching The Jerry Springer Show, except it takes place in the West Wing...
 Just started to read it, finally someone who tells the truth. T B C
 Well, you knew it was gonna be ugly, and it was...even tho apparently it's all true...ugh!
 love this book. However, I couldn't finish it because that family is so infinitely stupid. God bless America.
 Very interesting and frightening.
 Bought the hardback, planning to loan it to my sister &amp; B-in-L who'd received a Christmas gift Kindel with the book on it.  OK, the content won't be a huge shock to anybody following the news, BUT you'll never watch cable news in the same way.  And I'd recommend you not watch any cable news while reading the book.  It would just be total overload.  Not sure which "parts" are supposedly total lies since everything I read was pretty much substantiated, either exactly or by logical connection.  If you're a strong "English/lit" major, tho, some of the writing could drive you up the wall.  There were no editor acknowledgments and, believe me, THERE SHOULD HAVE BEEN AN EDITOR.  Wolff needs a storng review on the use of who vs whom and, particularly, the unacceptability of separation in compound/complex verbs.  I found myself mentally rewriting -after re reading to make sure I understood what he was trying to say - MAJOR portions of the book, particularly in the last half.  But nothing in the book is going to come as a major shock to anybody who has been keeping us on the news or who has any awareness of Trump prior to the Presidential election.  And, contrary to what some might expect, it is NOT a "go easy on Bannon" book.  He, along with pretty much everybody else in that "swamp" we call Washington, D.C., comes in for a well-deserved serving of "lumps."  If the "fake" news hadn't already started scaring me, this book would fix things.  Somebody needs to "drain the swamp," but I don't think one of the biggest "rats" around is the best "drainer."
 I moved carefully towards this publication due to my own feelings of not wanting to be taken by the solicitous content. I found the subject matter very enlightening and would recommend this book for anyone who wanted a peek behind the curtain.
 A good read Nothing new to learn but a time passer And fun to try an d figure out if Trump is really that unpredictable and babyish
 A peek into the shithole that thw White House has become. Truly horrifying and utterly disgusting. Pulp fiction come to life compliments of the US voter.  Disappointed that I read it. Skip it and just listen to the news.
 If it wasn't true, you still couldn't put it down.  As I write this review months after the books release, I can say that facts seem to be lining up that Wolff knew what he was talking about.
 Michael knew where all of the ghosts were buried in plain sight. I think he left no stone unturned. This book is really enjoyable reading, I will pass it on to a friend-reader when I'm finished.
 Haley being groomed by Trump has not been fact checked. In fact t, most of what he said was not fact checked. Entertaining, though.
 Great book and right on the money!  Definitely not fake news!  I received my copy right on time and I'm very pleased with it!
 While I didn’t find any real surprises, based on prior reporting and prerelease clips from the book, I did find my worst fears confirmed.
 I watch most of the election and I’m glad someone was brave enough to write just what I was seeing.
 There wasn't  too much that wasn't already  in the news. They are all  goofy and to the  detriment of our country ,in the Whitehouse for the duration. It is a sad but true fact. May God bless America.
 I've enjoyed the confirmation of what a horrible person T____ is along with all those he surrounded himself with.  What a joke he and his groupies are!
 Interesting book with a few more details than I learned from daily news articles in the newspaper or on TV. Did not quite finish it yet but will as soon as I have the time.
 Very boring unless you like anything Trump. I would not recommend this book. Sorry I wasted hard earned money .
 Puply, juicy, and infuriating.  Unbelievably  terse. Some of the events sound as if they were written in a crime novel.  In a country where we are told than any child can become president,  this is what what happens when one does.  Makes "1984" sound like "Pollyanna".
 If half this book is true, it is mind-blowing.  AN incredible "fly on the wall" account of Trump's first year as POTUS.  Strange, hilarious, scary, just like the man himself.
 I enjoyed this much critqued book which read like a novel. In addition to my president’s  Whiite House apprenticeship I got a good picture of the growing number of hired and fired associates.
 The book was interesting, but I can’t really say that I learned much more than has already been portrayed by the media. Would have rather heard more about the president’s demeanor, actions  and how things happened on a day to day basis as supposedly witnessed by an insider.
 Most of the book has details already known.<br/>Seems to be more about Bannon than Trump.
 Any bad review that I gave I take it all back. I retract everything bad thing I said. If there is anything else I can say to make it up to I will. Thank you so much.
 Much of this book rings true to the reader.  Don't let the very few inaccuracies spoil the entire book.  Its a great read.  Similar to reading about a horrible train wreck.
 Has value in providing a behind the scenes look at the workings of the Whitehouse.  Likely there will be more erudite expositions, but this was a fun read. You can’t make this stuff up and it rings true.
 Sooooo interesting.  Even more so now that so many of the cast of characters is now gone!
 Gives a sense of the Trump leadership style, and inside the self created bubble he lives in.
 Easy read. Must read for Trump detractors or supporters. Highly recomended. Keeps your interest and scares the heck out of you.
 I was impressed by the access the author had and the riveting accounts of the Trump insiders. Totally revealing. Creates a sense of urgency that we as citizens have to speak through our votes to remove this corrupt individual and great danger to our Democracy. This book helps us to have<br/>no illlusion about the true character of DJT through the words and opinions of his own white house staff.
 Pretty decent horror story..
 Very interesting read about what went on in the White House during the first year of the Trump administration. Confirmed a lot of what many suspect, and seemed very credible. Somewhat frightening to have suspicions confirmed. Liked the quick pace of the book. The author has a way of constructing some sentences that were not easy to follow.
 It was an acceptable read but not really much content that would not have been known, at least to some extent.<br/>Michael Wolff is a good writer, which makes it easier to keep reading.
 Clearly Woolf has received a mass of publicity for this book but it does give a good amount of insight to the workings of the Trump White House. Whatever your political leanings it is a book worth reading and shows the incredible openness with which his staff were prepared to talk!
 Hey, if even half this stuff is true it's scary. A good look inside the dysfunction of the Trump Whitehouse and where all the chaos in our country is coming from.
 Interesting read. Funny and sad. Not sure how much is true but I’d half true it is a tragic state of affairs.
 Wow!  like one reviewer said, if only a percentage if true....OMG<br/><br/>I'm sorry Trump lovers,  I "buy" a lot of this and it seems to fit what I've observed and read, and is plausible.
 what this writer describes  happening then, is  verified by  what is happening now.While at times it seems hastily written, it is in fact a brilliant piece of new journalism.
 Really hard to read. Not sure if it was the terrible person he had to write about or the long winded poor way that it was written.<br/>Guess he did the best he could with such a horrible man.
 VERY INTERESTING AND ALSO INTRIGUE. I PERSONALLY THINK MOST OF THIS BOOK TO BE TRUE BUT AT THE SAME TIME A LITTLE FRIGHTENING TO REALIZE THE BEHIND THE SCENES OF WHO is in charge God help us all in this good country for the next three years
 Interesting read. I read it as a piece of fiction.  As a narrative it was very interesting.  Some of the framing of events actually made more sense out of them that what I saw publicly.  Definitely an enjoyable read, no matter what.
 I expected more of an expose’; the reader really doesn’t learn anything that isn’t out there on social media and-or the tabloids.  That said, Wolff does keep the reader wanting more and it is an easy read.
 Expertly written but every 100th word you'll need a dictionary.  It makes for a much longer read and it's disruptive.  Otherwise, great book !!!!
 Really interesting - I've learned so much more!
 If only 50% of this alarming expose' is true, we have much to worry about.<br/>The most unsettling disclosure is the fact that Trump's son-in-law and daughter are in charge, causing competent advisors to resign or be fired by Trump. One wishes that the author had cited his sources; footnotes are not included in what could have been a 95% believable book.
 A book that exposes the lies and anger issues of trump
 The book is very true about trump . I really can’t say how I really feel.he should be impeached for all his lies and for all the women he lied about nothing going on between him and them . He is a lier and so on .
 A great read. First edition typos! White House chaos worse than you can imagine. A portrait of dysfunction and total lack of leadership
 The reality of the Trump presidency was focused into a single narrative. The at times fictional analysis of the personalities, their interactions and  manipulation of Trump to achieve their right wing agenda. The facts as well as fiction are necessary to understand the complexities and dangers of what is unfolding in the most important democracy in the world.
 Despite all the noise and bluster, this book was highly informative by filling in some of the holes in this current president’s story. A must read in my opinion.
 Interesting reading while waiting for the impeachment process to start.
 Nothing that everyone doesn’t already know.  I only bought it because I despise 45.
 biggest pile of restroom gossip ...joke was on me for buying it
 Fascinating Take on the Trump White House.  I have no doubt it's mostly accurate.
 This book, while taken with a grain of salt as not all the information herein is verified, is still eye opening and worth the time to read it.
 Totally believable and frightening. Please let there be future politicians of character or God help us all.  We cannot let this happen again.
 I just bought it because I needed a good scandal for leisure reading and it is serving the purpose.
 Almost done.  But I have got to sat whether Michael Wolfe was actually on a couch outside the Oval Office or in his basement wearing a tin foil hat, this book rings true.  Somebody has to stop Trump.
 Fire and Fury is very informative. It is broken down in a very interesting way, which gives it a different perspective.<br/>Some extended truth did not diminish the observations nor work that went into it. Fast reading. Done in 3 days.<br/>I highly recommend it.
 Love
 When it was impossible to get. I downloaded it to my Fire Tablet.  Arrived almost immediately.  Appreciate the service!
 Alot we hear through the media, it just took this book to verified those rumors.  Nothing new, thats the same person we hear so much about in the 80's and on.
 Landed up skimming some pages. Inordinate detail. Did it reveal anything new? Not really. Just filled in the background on stories or impressions main-stream media had already worked to death.
 Bought it for my dad. It's horribly written and full of typos so apparently was never edited or proofread. That said, it shines a grim light on the 45.
 If nothing else, this merely confirms - in great detail - how far the ability and intelligence of our top “leaders” has fallen. It really is worse than anything we’ve been led to believe.
 Has a good index, which I periodically use to look up anecdotes about the latest characters talked about in the soap opera/news!
 Really learn nothing new and a great deal of speculation from the writer.  I finished the book but was bored with it about half way through.  It really just reiterates how dysfunctional this president is and continues to be.  Not worth buying just listen to 30 minutes of CNN and you'll get the gist of the book.
 Very interesting read.  Also a little scary.  We need some help here on earth!!!
 It is maddening to read about him knowing that the hacks around him and in Congress will not do anything about it!!!
 Most of what I read here  has already been adequately through news outlets. I found it difficult to stay focused on this material. Consequently , it took an inordinate length of time to read.
 Good insight into the chaos of the Trump’s administration and the child we call President
 But this story wrote itself and it’s not over yet
 Please disregard negative reviews this book tells the truth,  its a very good book to understand the level of stupidity in the whitehouse... Many TROLLS will try to discredit...Corruption is a kind word to describe the Dude that calls himself president, Nov 2018 we will Vote...
 Revealing an terryfying at the same time. There is a dotard in the white house, the Caligula of today, and it seems no oone in the senate is realy bothered
 It’s a lot of ranting. I thought there should have been more discussions on economic impact and stuff like that. Sounded like a tabloid and doesn’t even discuss his personal or family history.
 This book disappointed me because of what is missing, namely better understanding of political issues and history.  The "fire and fury" is not about issues, but individuals and their actions, making it seem more of a gossip column than a serious study.  Too many names and details, nothing at all about what it all means for this country.  If we don't already realize who is this POTUS we will not know much more after reading it.
 Everything I thought was happening in the WH, but worse.  This is a page turner that rings true.
 Considering what has been happening in the Trump disorganization as of March 2018, March Madness takes on a whole new meaning.
 Sad but true
 Interesting, but not much substance you don’t get from the news and late night talk shows.
 good
 Writing is concise yet detailed; very credible. Everyone should read this book.
 This gives a detailed insight into the early days of the Trump administration. There are many interesting quotes from Steve Bannon.
 Opened my eyes more to the problems with our current administration. I am part way through and more firings every week.<br/>Not a way to run the Federal Government.
 According to media reports not everything is the book is 100% accurate, but it really rings true from what I have observed from and about Trump from a variety of media sources.  Enjoyed readint it
 If 1% is true, we are in BIG TROUBLE.
 Some parts were unbelievable, but good insight overall.  I can not believe he just sat on the couch in the oval office through all these discussions
 It was an interesting book but I would have preferred more verifiable information. Still really glad I bought it.
 What can you say about this current administration and the annals recorded in this book. I just sit back and shake my head. An informative insight into the interworkings of the current administration and key player involved in shaping the next four years of American history. Buckle up!
 When I just gave Fire and Fury a 5-star rating, "I love it" appeared next to my cursor.  I did NOT love it.  Don't get me wrong, this book is well-written, captivating, and "I can't put it down" awesome, but I did not love reading about the chaos, stupidity, selfish decisions, bickering, and ignorance within the White House.  I want to live in a well-run country, with a leader who speaks thoughtfully, and who acts in the best interests of our nation, and who has a moral conscience, and who isn't allergic to reading and thinking and waiting before speaking.  Right now, the White House is a mess, but I am not telling you anything that you don't already know.  If you're reading my book review and trying to decide if you should buy this book, then let me tell you why I bought it.  Trump tried to keep me from getting access to it.  He tried to ban it.  Or, at least, his lawyers started the process.  So, I did what anyone would do.  I went online and, just like a few of the other buyers who left their comments, I bought the book.<br/><br/>Wolff inserts a lot of his opinion into the story line, explaining people's intentions (based on their actions).  You might not agree with his conclusions all the time, but remember that he was there, hearing the talk, seeing the reactions.  And he talked to lots of people, and listened.  Give him an ear, if you're a pro-Trump American.  Just listen to what a man who was in the thick of it all has to say.  Listen.<br/><br/>If you voted for him, well I am sorry, but Trump is a failure.  He is.  I found it difficult reading about so many failures, from a man who boasts about his ability to get things done.  It is obvious that he doesn't understand people, and doesn't know how to get people to support his ideas.  Sadly, you may, like me, come to realize that he has few ideas of his own, and those he has are surface-level and temporary.<br/><br/>Still, after all is said and done, I am just shocked that America chose Trump to be the President.  I voted against him, but all the votes in my state went to him anyways.  I was outnumbered.  Well, America.  You got what you voted for (or didn't vote for).  So, deal with it.  Fix the problem and stop trying to repair his every day, needless, self-induced pain.  What a moron!
 Shocking, hilarious, and terrifying. It's everything you'd expect the Trump White House to be.
 If even half of this is true, we may never in this generation, recover the dignity previously held by the Office of the President of the United States.
 It's the best thing to come out from this administration if it wasn't so scary .Why so many people believed in trump's BS boggles the mind  if it sounds to good to be true  well you know the rest I almost felt sorry for Steve bannon I said almost he's just like Trump but with a brain a deadly combination
 So am I influenced by my feelings about Trump? Probably.  But there is a good story here that keeps you intrigued and at the same time asking yourself “how can this be happening?” That Mr Wolff had such open access to the events and thoughts of Trumps inner circle I find fascinating. Remember, the truth is out there.
 Powerful, made me want to read more on Steve Bannon so I bought Davils Bargain and that does fill in the gaps. Wolfe has taken unwarranted heat for his book.
 Did not like it at all. The style of writing was not good. Read just half of it. Too long.
 Worth the money, if for no other reason than to gain a better understanding of how Americans can be duped into placing this man into the Office of the Presidency of the United States of America.
 Sounds like an accurate account of the first 6 months of the train wreck that is the tRump White House. Entirely credible from start to finish. Well produced and well read.
 This book have made the blind see,  the deaf hear and the mute speak! You don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure out the political games being played, just read Fire &amp; Fury. Welcome to the 21st century version of poli tricks.
 interesting
 Who doesn't like a tell-all?  It kept my interest and I got it months ago.  Still don't have it back - it's being passed around at work.
 you cannot make this stuff up.  An incredible look into a total dysfunctional administration.  Will we survive to the mid-year elections so the democrats can save the nation.
 Hah.. Hah. Hah.. Love this book. I wish there were more dirty laundry. #notafanof45
 A fabulous story. Given the seriousness of the situation, it’s probably the wrong reaction, but I kept having to laugh out loud. It’s wonderfully written, and even though, as many have pointed out, there really is nothing new and surprising in the book, it really puts the entire Trump White House in perspective. Questions have been raised about Wolff’s methods and the accuracy of some details, but with this post-factual presidency, such concerns are almost irrelevant. To adopt a phrase much used about Trump, take the book seriously, even if you don’t believe every vignette literally. This is really what’s been going on in our name, paid for by us.
 It's the subject. So tired of all things Trump.
 I  received promptly . No real surprises for me. Just supported my thoughts about Mr. Trump.  I still am only half way through as it is a depressing and discouraging story.
 Michael Wolff did a great job writing this book. Every single day with Trump has been a daily poop show from the world's biggest hypocrite. I watched him on the campaign and I was counting the days until we no longer had to look at or listen to this jerk. The book lays out the nightmare in the White House quite well.  Our country is being  held hostage by a non-stop lying con-artist who is in no way qualified to be a town mayor, never mind President of the United States. The damage he is doing to our country will take years to fix after this incompetent cheat.  Michael Wolff did a good job of portraying what we have already been hearing in bits and pieces. This is the tip of the iceberg compared to what we will eventually learn from Special Counsel Bob Mueller. I have little doubt that he will expose years of illegal money laundering by Trump and evidence that Russia helped put this gross incompetent in our White House. I got this book from Amazon and I highly recommend giving it a read.
 Very well written. Suspenseful even though it’s recent history. Characters we know well and others who are not in the public eye are both well fleshed out.  It’s amazing how much access the author obviously had.
 The Washington Post is doing its best reporting since Watergate.  Rachel Maddow, among others, is at the top of her game.  But they cannot do what  Fire and Fury does so well.  This narrative romp through the characters in the White House is impossible to put down.
 Partisan yes, but essential information for every American to consider in this Time of Trump.  Don’t put your head in the sand, people.  We have a problem in the White House!
 Have not read this one yet, but wanted to be sure we had it in our home collection for the children to read whenever...
 We already knew it but it was nice to have all the data together.  Since then the story has grown into another book.  And it appears MW<br/>went to the same college as I did.  I support my fellow alum.  (The wife talking again)
 Very "fly on the wall" inside look at the monkey house. While I am sure it is semi-tabloid fare, everything that has happened since the book came out has lent credibility to the narrative.
 I knew the content via news outlets. I do like having the information pulled together in book format to use as a handy reference resource.
 Excellent book that tells facts and is not too opinionated. It raises more questions than answers like a proper book should do.
 If you wished you were a fly on the wall in the White House, here’s your chance. Read this book to gain insight on the cause of inconstancy in this administration.
 Very good read. I would recommend this book.
 Gotta take most political books like this - especially in the era of Trump - with a grain of salt, but so far, everything Michael Wolff asserts in this novel is seemingly accurate....M-MAGA????
 Really entertaining I believe almost all of it. Great read.
 Usually I don't enjoy sequels as much as the original, but this sequel to A Confederacy of Dunces was a hoot.
 Good read, though mostly about  the already known nonsense going on in that regime.
 Not an easy read, but very informative. However, things in the White House change every day and the book will not be current long.
 Scary read of what's going on in leadership. Some confirms a lot of what we know already know it suspect (yikes!!!) But a some of it is unsubstantiated information that doesn't have much to back it up but trusting the author and our own gut/knee-jerk instincts
 It came much sooner than promised.  It's a great read.
 Read the book. Its well worth the money and time.
 Yes, it's true - The Emperor Eats McDonald's Cheeseburgers for Breakfast!
 Incredible book !<br/> As I am reading it slowly, so many of the persons mentioned keep popping up daily on the news - either they have been fired, or forced to resign or are facing criminal charges.<br/><br/>The words " impeachment "  and "madness"  will no doubt will soon appear as the last pages are turned.<br/><br/>Reminds me of the Watergate madness
 He and his administration are even worse than I had previously thought. Kudos to those that are brave enough to stand up to this national embarrassment!
 The only reason I would give it a five-star rating is because it connects the dots and tells a very sad story for our country.
 I got a great visual of a white house and administration that I can't stand. I could picture the whole book as he was saying it
 IT is confirmed we the king is mad!
 Interesting read.  Not a scholarly book, but some insight into the thinking of Trump.
 some of this is gossipy but there are some valuable insights as well. For example "Trump in a smart move, picked up his media reputation and relocated it from a hypercritical New York to a more value-free Hollywood, becoming the star of his own reality show, The Apprentice, and embracing a theory that would serve him well during his presidential campaign; in flyover country, there is no greater asset than celebrity"<br/>This illuminates his values so effectively for me. He values celebrity, even notoriety over quality. This man would gild Michelangelo's David because then it would be better because it would be gold.<br/>..and that everything is personal. This is how he can live in a fact-free universe. He decides his feelings about the person (living, dead, fictional real) and then spins his reality from those conclusions.<br/>anyway its a worthwhile and fast read
 great. highly recommend
 Wild and crazy book and it was very well priced
 Ok we all know DT is a buffoon.  I guess I was hoping for a bit more insight. After a while I just was going through the motions trying to get my $15 worth
 If Archie Bunker had the power of the presidency...and Meathead and Gloria were his top advisors...and Dingbat was married to him, but lived in the other room, never had sex with him, and hated him...and he had a consensual relationship with a porno star...oh, well, I’m going to stop...that could never happen...
 I enjoyed reading this book
 Great book. I thought it was well written and a good read. Worth every penny.
 Appears to be a behind-the-scenes review of what you see and hear from news briefs. Obviously published ahead of schedule as there are some grammatical errors however still a good read.
 I didn't really want to read about the worst president ever elected, but I suffered through, cause as they say ... know thine enemy! And he is proving to be that, every single day!
 Not certain as to the truth, but it does make sense as to the explanations and characterization of the white house in comparison to what you could interpret from the news.  The author is not a skilled writer and found his style rather stilted and immature.
 Elect a clown, expect a circus.
 Every American should read this book! It exposes the Trump era for what it is, hypocrisy and the worst president we have had or (hopefully) ever will again.
 This book even more validated our White House is being run by a bunch of inexperienced clowns. Chaotic as it's best.
 I can only read this book in small doses - it's a pretty depressing affair. I'm still not sure we fully comprehend the access the author had to the White House.
 I was pleasantly surprised. After all the hype I was expecting to be disappointed but quite the opposite. Filled in the gaps of what we already knew. Confirmed the White House, GOP etc a shambles and Trump totally incompetent. Very interesting read behind the scenes.
 Probably would have been more illuminating if I had read it right after it's release. By the time I got around to reading it I already had heard most of the information contained in it.
 About what I expected. Thought it would be some comic relief for a dark time in us history. It is
 A very good read, but it like almost everything today you have to be smart!
 This is the first book by MIchael Wolff that I have read.  I found little "new" information that has not already been reported, in the past year, by CNN, which has been my constant companion during that time.  (Please take a moment to contemplate the structure of the previous sentence because that is Wolff's style, with even more subordinate clauses in this constructs.  I recall an early critique of 45's sentence structure and the impossibility of diagramming it.  Well, if you tried to diagram Wolff's sentences, the result would look like a fish skeleton.  And there were a handful on incomplete sentences in the book - and I'm a native English speaker but not otherwise an English language expert.  Where were the editors?  Anyway, this book was a must-read for anyone paying attention to contemporary politics.  I wouldn't say I particularly "enjoyed" it, but I did finish it quickly and may even reread it soon.  Just confirms that the current administration is a cluster f__k.  If you are a concerned citizen and eligible voter, start paying attention, get involved, get prepared to vote for sanity in 2018 and beyond.
 I had to stop about 1/3 of the way through ... it was just so depressing. I believe it all, but my poor soul couldn't take it anymore.
 An easy read that gives you an exciting and disturbing insight into the circles of power in and around the white house, said to be the power hub of the strongest power in this world. A signal How that power is disintegrating.
 The story is told well, very entertaining. However, I didn't read anything I hadn't already learned on the news before the book was released. Worth the read, tho.
 The more I read about the Trump administration and White House the  more it is evident he should have NEVER been elected.  Shameful.
 This book is more tabloid gossip than real news, but was an entertaining read.  I would imagine there is some truth mixed with some exaggeration, but overall a good read.
 Book is full of what you already know but includes a lot of new information.  The author has an unusual style but certainly keeps your attention.
 Excellent read! Seems to capture<br/>The chaos and rival factions perfectly. The attempt to stop publication was the reason I felt compelled to buy it immediately but I enjoyed reading this and feel it is likely pretty accurate depiction of events and in fighting plaguing this administration.
 Validates my opinion of this President and his White House. The question I have is: will our country ever recover from the damage Trump is doing to our democracy?
 A devastating look into the heart of dysfunction; a walk through the insane asylum that our national embarrassment, the Trump "administration", started as. But there is no happy ending,  as this circus has since devolved into the festering hemorrhoid of dangerous incompetence and corruption we are left to deal with. Help us, Obi Wan Mueller, you're our only hope.
 Loved it! Truly riviting. This was a gripping book and shows how corrupt Trump, Pence, Senate Republicans are. This is an absolute must read!
 Fun reading...if it was only soap opera...and not our futures" at stake.<br/>If only half true...wake up America... the Godfather is running the country.l<br/>Wake up people with morals and ethics.
 All I can say is Yikes!! Had this feeling there was stuff really off going on.
 We already knew Trump was intellectually, morally and temperamentally unfit to serve as president, in this book, we learn he is also cognitively unfit and rapidly declining. The people working at the White House and on Capitol Hill are desperate to manipulate and influence Trump  (Bannon, Priebus, Congressional leaders, Jared and Ivanka, Kelly) but they have conflicting agendas.<br/><br/>Ergo, chaos.<br/><br/>Americans routinely elect geriatric leaders. There are plenty of elected officials who have undergone cognitive decline while in office, Reagan, Conyers to name a few. We all saw McCain's difficulty live on television during hearings before he was diagnosed. If we are going to continue to vote for people in their 70's and 80's there has to be some kind of cognitive standard and medical evaluation. We elect people, not their staff and deserve to know when they become incapable of doing their job due to impairment.
 Whether you like Trump or not, this administration is a fascinating mix of oddball characters and competing agendas. Wolff offers inside commentary on what has gone in this past year, and while I've seen reports of some inaccuracies, I have found it to put much of the insanity into perspective. An enjoyable read for anyone interested in what currently passes for our nation's leadership.
 I read it straight through, it kept my interest all the way through.  Bannon's views especially re the Mueller lawyer hires (his first hire was of a money laundering prosecutor expert)  is revealing of where this looks like Trump's business interests WILL get looked into, finally, and where the Mueller trail will lead, is implied thus.  The Jarvanka (Jared and Ivanka) camp have won over Bannon's camp, but politically Bannon was correct about Trump's winning, when the Trump family all thought  they were putting up a show and would lose, and  it would be "over" thankfully.  The unpreparedness and the amateur missteps began.  I would have wanted even more details but if a reader had been reading  the NY Times and Wash Post, this book gives more on the ground, West Wing leakers' beefs, those who left the West Wing in the first 6 months of the Trump presidency.  The book also gives a feel for the Murdoch and Ailes and Mercer influence.  The book reveals of Trumps evening phone calls to the "billionaires" so it gives the implied influence on Trump's mind of his evening phone called friends, whoever they are, who have Trump's ear.  Well worth an average US citizen's reading of what the factions in the West Wing were up to the first 6 months of the Trump Presidency.
 I liked the chronological order of the events that happened. I found Wolff's sentence structure hard to follow- so many interruptions in thought.
 Thanks Michael Wolf for telling it like it is inside the White house as the American public has to endure the worst president in our time.
 I didn't want to give this book credit, but when Trump said it shouldn't be published I just had to.  Very poorly written. Definitely not editeded.  It reads like a stupid gossip column, which it is.  Thank God for the career government workers who keep our country up and running
 Fantastic book about the Stable genius.
 Enjoyed reading the book despite the author's use of his extensive vocabulary.  I would have given 5 stars but the book just confirms what most of the world already knew...that Trump is mentally and morally deficient along with being a mendacious individual incapable of expressing empathy for other human beings.
 Fire and Fury, Inside the Trump White House by Michael Wolff is a fascinating book.  It describes all the ins and outs, of how Trump and his staff, conduct themselves.  I highly recommend this e.
 Donald Trump is a bore.<br/>  This book is very readable though unless you’ve been reclusive over the past several weeks, you know about most of the juicy bits.<br/>  On Sunday, the historian Niall Ferguson, was the interviewee in the “By the Book” feature in the New York Times Book Review.  He was asked<br/>the standard question for this interview: “If you could require the American president to read one book, what would it be? And the prime minister?<br/>His answer was priceless: “I agree with you that it would be wonderful if both Mr. Trump and Mrs May read one book. I don’t much mind which one it is.”<br/>  If you’re thinking of reading a book, why not try something about a president of accomplishment Lincoln,  (there’s an entire that lists books about Lincoln)Teddy Roosevelt  ( David McCullough's "Morning on Horseback is fantastic and Edmund Morris' trilogy about Roosevelt is not to be missed), Franklin Roosevelt?  (Again there's a shelf full of books: I'm partial to Doris Kearns Goodwin's "No Ordinary Time" and Geoffrey C Ward's "Before the Trumpets" and "A First Class Temperament." f you want to read about a shady president try John Farrell’s  “Richard Nixon: A Life.” Nixon is a whole lot more interesting than Trump.<br/>  You already know more about Trump than he knows or realizes about himself. Skip this and read about a real president.
 Interesting read, but take w/ a grain of salt.  Author takes some liberty w/ the facts and truth.  Still something worth reading just for the fun of it.
 I have started a collecting of all the books that portray Trump in a negative light.  It's a real conversation starter for anyone that comes over to my house, and everyone that hates the president of the Republicans.
 Explains the chaos in the White House. What a circus.  I don't know how anyone who works there stays sane.
 This is the first book of Mr. Wolff that I read. I very much enjoyed his writing style. The information is presented chronologically and clearly. I also enjoyed the analysis he presents. I did detect a bias and it is, of course, up to the readers to do their own analysis and reach their own conclusions, but, it is nonetheless a very interesting and insightful read.
 I liked the fact that the author had first hand knowledge of the goings-on in the White House. He brought some understanding to what is happening with the people who are involved.
 If you are even mildly interested in politics, this book is for you. In one way it is frightening, because it proves things are worse than I thought. God help us through this administration!
 This entire story is stranger than fiction, to use the old phrase. So even if it's not all true, it's a fascinating read. Extremely engaging and well-writen. Each day I feel like this book gets more credibility by actual events, not fake news. The events are playing out before us. Who would have ever guessed we would be here?
 Personally, I think this book is a bit over-rated.  David Cay Johnston's books are MUCH better giving a clear profile of Trump and how his horrible exploits pre-White House resulted in the chaos present in the White House now.  Trump has not changed and Johnston shows us Trump's true and despicable character.
 Fantastic book! Reads like s thriller.
 Run on sentences...difficult to know what he was getting at. Poorly written, and I am no fan of current president, -At All!
 Interesting book BUT it is about Mr. Trump.....yuck!
 Whether this is all fiction, facts or a combination of both, the end result is crazy enough to be as true Trump is President.<br/><br/>I've never read Mr. Moore's stuff before. This book seem hurried and a field stitching of notes taken on a yellow legal pad.
 The dialog inside the white house is like a bad sitcom. I'm reading Cass Sunstein's book on impeachment now. https://www.amazon.com/Impeachment-Citizens-Cass-R-Sunstein/dp/0674983793/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1523861742&amp;sr=8-3&amp;keywords=cass+sunstein
 Enjoyed this peek into the goings on in and around the Trump White House. Well written, fast paced, funny and very very scary.
 I expected that this book would be compelling reading, but was disappointed. Some incidents and events are already common knowledge. There is enough substance in the book, however, that render it interesting. President Trump has said it time and again that he loves conflict, confrontation and even war. That seems to be the driving force of this book.
 MW writes almost as a fourth party member with his descriptions of the unorthodox forms of miss communications at the highest level of our government. When a person is elected as President he should have a sound basis for politics and how they operate in the US. When a businessman assumes s position with absolutely no political background then he is out of focus with his dealings as a President because as a businessman his primary purpose was to fix any problem he had with favors our payoff. I am reminded of past Republican Presidents, primarily, Richard Niacin and Ronald Reagan, and their inane positions. Nixon for Watergate and Reagan for the PATCO debacle. Nixon violated his oath of office. Reagan destroyed PATCO, six airlines, the airline unions. The President is not above the law and his job is to protect the people who asked for better working conditions. Trump has far exceeded the failures of these two presidents and like President Clinton should be held to the highest standard of his office......ER
 I like the title "Fire and Fury" because this is a quote that POTUS45 has been witnessed publicly saying in threatening nuclear war with North Korea. The first part of the title also reminds us of the Apprentice reality TV show where people were fired at the whim of the Donald.  The latter part of the title leads us into the content of the book that allows us a "fly on the wall" view of the fury that fuels the chaos in the West Wing of the White House. No one should like this chaos which may possibly consume America along with the rest of the world like a fire.
 Confirms what most of us already suspected. Wolf's "fly n the wall" perspective results in a uniquely sordid picture. Hoping it will, along with the tapes he has to back up his assertions, open the eyes of some (like half of Congress) that have remained resolutely shut their the duration of this nightmarish administration.
 An interesting read, not always easy to follow. If only half of this account is accurate then it still raises serious questions about how Trump could possibly have fooled the people into thinking he was a safe pair of hands when he clearly has limited ability.
 Pertinent material but have seen it covered on MSNBC and CNN - although late chapter details on Bannen provide more specificity.  I thought the book capitalized on all the current attention on President Trump's chaotic White House - was interesting reading but not especially revealing of anything new.
 It reads like a novel, so it goes pretty fast.  It was actually better than I thought it would be, and is turning out to be more true than most of us believed.
 good book, interesting read, thank you.
 Just finished reading this book and its a must for all to read and to see the disfunctional government that we are living under with Trump.  Russia, Ivanka and Jared Kushner are the ones that are controlling the president and the WH and nobody seems to know what the jobs are and moreover none of them have the political experience to be in their jobs.
 I mainly ordered this book because the president was trying to sensor it. Nope. It is an interesting read, although if you follow the real news then nothing here will surprise you.
 There are some interesting observations &amp; illuminating insider perspectives throughout.  Howevert what is billed as a factual recount actually has a lot of the authors' own spin, bias, and interpretation tied to it.  As a warning ... don't try to listen to the audio version in the car with the kids listening, there is a good amount of foul language interspersed throughout the pages.
 I believed Trump to be an egomaniac. This book proved it to me.<br/>America will need time to heal, for sure.
 Very  interesting information from the "inside".  Looking forward to seeing how this all plays out.
 I’ve had my kindle version since Jan 5th and still haven’t read it. I couldn’t resist buying it just to keep Trump from re-instituting book banning in this country. What an idiot he was to come out against it. Better reaction would’ve been NO reaction and to try and keep it from coming out? Not smart. Thin skinned charlatan.
 Michael Wolff does a good job of explaining who Donald Trump is. This information is crucial in how to deal with him and how to defeat him in the next elections, I liked the book and I would recommend it.
 Well organized and fast-reading, but information dense account of Trump Whitehouse.  As far as the Whitehouse’s panning of the book, most of the information isn’t a surprise watching Trump speak and Trumps “successful billionaire” nonsense pre-election has been already reported.
 As expected, this book truly demonstrates what an idiot we have running the country. Ugh. There have been complaints that some of the material in it is undocumented. That hardly matters. If just HALF of what Wolff reports is true, our democracy is being led by a complete incompetent.
 I haven't finished eating it but so far it has seemed quite accurate. Not for fans of the current resident.  But If you think he is unsuited for the job, emotionally or mature enough it is spot on.
 Fire and Fury should be widely distributed and widely read. Some of the book is trashy, but that is a reflection of the sleaziness and crudeness of the president and his awful administration. Perhaps some of it isn't true, but since our president has lied at least 2,000 times during his first year, he can't tell you what is false or not. Actually I doubt that Trump has the intellectual capacity or focus to read a 300-page book. Michael Wolff could have used a good copy editor because his sentences are so convoluted and so overpunctuated I had to re-read some paragraphs. Wolff doesn't really like anyone or any group so in that sense, his book is a not hit piece for the Democrats. The question is "how long can this train wreck continue?"
 It's bananas.  I was already ashamed that America voted for this clown (not really, since he lost by 3 million votes), but this book shoots my shame into the stratosphere.  This has to become an Amazon Prime TV series when he is deposed (or dies of fast food poisoning).
 Loved the book. Even if it may be a little over dramatic, it's a clear reflection of how sad a state the US is in right now.
 Took the Trump pre-election story incident by incident...Told the reader a lot of interesting things never shared before! Enjoyed this book a lot just can not give anything Trump 5 stars!!
 I totally expected this book to be about an arrogant moron who is so totally self absorbed, and destructive on such a large scale, as to not realize how much of a destructive moron he is.<br/>Sad to say, I guess I was correct in my assumption.
 This fills in the gaps of what you were thinking was true all along.  Our president is a helpless man-child dumber than dirt.
 a true picture of the circus
 Holy smokes Batman! This book is riveting. Even if you were a staunch Republican, this could turn you into a Democrat well before you hit the 4th chapter.  It’s certain that Trump’s 35% will not be reading this, as there are lots of “big words” in here.
 Very good reading. The fine print is difficult for me but I’m enjoying the read.
 It sounds far worse than I feared. I hope more people will come to understand the threat this man poses to our democracy.
 For a political gossip book it was okay. It was a too rushed as there are mistakes a decent copywriter should have caught and that got distracting, but over all pretty good.
 Yeah - its a gossip book, but its vastly more revealing than the Trump adm. will try to make you believe. Wellwritten and readable
 Insider exposé. I can’t believe this man was elected. His financial connections will bring us all down, not just Steve Bannon.
 if it's true, it's scary
 Interesting and informative book. Although Wolff's sentence structure can sometimes work against the flow of the narrative, I really liked this book.
 a bit gossipy but that was expected. I think a good look at the dysfunction in the White House.
 I purchased Wolff’s book for my mom, and she is thoroughly enjoying it.  I’m sure she’s going to force the entire household to read it too.
 Great Book
 A really fun, shocking, saddening read.  Even if half of it is true, it's horrifying how incompetent Donald Trump is and how reviled he is by those around him.
 Frightening,  just frightening.
 This was the best !!!!!  It was good to learn who all the characters were .
 Eye opening, riveting. Love the way the author makes you feel as if you are there or part of the storyline. A must read for anyone with an open mind who truly wants to learn how we got into this mess with Trump.
 I thought the book was interesting,  but not sure how reliable some of he sources were. I have nothing else to add.
 I wish it wasn’t about our country. The book lives up to the hype.
 Hard to know if this is true. If it is, this country has a lunatic running it. If it’s not....well at least it was entertaining.
 I read it twice... the first time for all the excitement and the second time to actually discover something useful. The book is entertaining, occasionally astounding, and usually predictable... snarky little people bad mouthing the even littler defective man running my country into the ground. It did reinforce my detestation factor, encourage my continued active resistance to Mr. Trump's  Presidency, and make me feel smart about myself for recognizing Mr.Trump is a mad man before it was commonly agreed upon... although i suspect my shaded opinion was greatly shared in private.. .
 I probably wouldn't have finished this book, were it not for my resolve to finish every book I start. The content was interesting and informative but the author's writing style was difficult to process at times.  His use of French phrases and little used words made it difficult to get into a flow, as I was constantly required to go to the dictionary and look things up.
 I read this book and Bob Woodward's  Fear.  All I can say is that I just wish it wasn't so.  But these books help us understand the dotard and his dysfunctional Whitehouse team.  Team?  Bad choice of word for total unhinged chaos.
 the book is better then the administrations
 One finally gets an inside look at why things are more chaotic than ever.  Very well sourced, informative and believable.
 An eye-opener.
 Reading  this book helped in furthering my conviction of life in the White House under Trump.  Validated munition that this calamity is going to come to a resolve  that will leave this nation in a pure state of confusion and difficulty in creating balance.  A true narcissist.
 Great book of a tell all. Maybe one sided, though puts some insights to some of the most controversial issues that ensued in this presidency. Would like to read a tell all from a republican.
 Can one say they actually like this type of book?  There are some juicy tidbits and Wolff characterizes the chaos of the current administration so well that I could actually hear POTUS spewing.  Too bad this is not a dream but our current reality.  Geri Thomas
 Was not likely to purchase the book. Until you know who attempted to take that right away.
 Factually, very accurate and believable. Well told. Anticipates well many events that would happen after the book’s completion. Very insightful regarding personalities, personal politics, human foibles and vanities.
 An interesting X-ray of the Trump initial 12 months. White House  factions colliding playing with the future of the US and the world.
 It is a very unusual book with a lot of insights into this administration. It is worth the read.
 Quite frankly, I didn't know how to rate this book. The writing was ok, but the info was horrifying. I was exhausted after just reading 2 chapters.
 Hard to LOVE this book given the content but it is excellent. I highly recommend listening to it on Audible. Great for long car drives for my husband and me. We haven't finished it but so far, we feel it's VERY well done.
 the worst White house ever in my lifetime
 I had already drawn many conclusions about the President, just by reading his tweets and watching his news conferences.  But I tried to approach this book with an open mind.  I think the most important point about the book, is that it verified everything that has been publicly demonstrated by 45.  As a man who embodies the most respectful and important office of government, he cannot OR will not control himself, even IF the office of President itself, demands respect and duty.  I’m so disappointed.  I’m planning on contacting all my congressional officials to ask that they protect THE OFFICE of the President, and quit allowing the man who’s in that office, full reign to bring down the office.  Read the book - even if for the fact that you, as an American have the right to read it!
 Interesting read.  I know some info slightly exaggerated but the juxt of it I think was right on the money.
 We've all endured the Trump regime stench for months, but Michael Wolff tells us who has been farting.
 Taken with a large grain of salt, the book provides some juicy color to the past eighteen months of news.
 A good read!!!
 I don't have anything to say about this because I signed an NDA. But I probably have an interesting story to sell. Signed, anonymous reviewer.
 An arduous read but very enlightening and frightening. The bulk of which seems to be from the viewpoint of Bannon, but Mr. Wolff definitely reveals who is still left in the henhouse and who is actually in charge.
 If this is factual, the country is in need of help. Drain the swamp is now more like swamp the drain. It may not be what Trump does but how he does it that will be remembered. When the ends always justifies the means, we all lose.
 I actually lost interest about halfway through the book.  It is insightful into the turmoil and politics inside the White House, but it feels like the author makes too many inferences about people's feelings and motivations.  He also seems intent on impressing us with his broad knowledge of the English vocabulary; using a lot of words that the average person needs to look up to understand.  Also, the occasional typo that slipped through makes it look like it was rushed to press without proper proofreading.
 It gives a pretty detailed and unfiltered view of our president as well as his underlings. But it does tend to ramble at points.
 Although I had followed the daily drama of the presidential campaign throughout 2016, Trump’s victory, (oh, the agony of it all), the transition and transfer to the new administration (I miss you, President Obama!) in January, 2017, I learned a lot from this book.  It fills in a good deal of context (duh – like it’s supposed to) – a lot of behind-the-scenes information that didn’t make the news.  It truly is a page turner – Moves along at a fast pace, and reads like a novel based on an historical event - political treachery / tragedy.  Most people are already familiar with the characters herein, so there’s no confusion about who’s who.<br/>  It’s quite an experience reading this:  One soon becomes immersed in the narrative about the people and events in the White House … and the reader soon feels as if s(he) is part of the drama … right there among the people about whom we’ve read so much and found so often on our monitors and T.V. screens.  Having read it, I feel better informed about what’s happening in (and to) our country at the highest level of our government.  No wonder this book has become so hugely popular.  I highly recommend it to all.
 Great book..Trump is a fool....
 Mainly purchased it to tick off Trump.  Several of my teacher friends and I ordered it just to help it jump to the top of the (failing) New York Times Best Seller List.  Best investment of the year!<br/><br/>I'll be reading it while on spring break on a plane.  Can't wait to see what really happens in the White House.
 What can I say, I luv a good horror story....
 The incompetence and naivety of everyone mentioned in this book is astounding. And it gives me hope.<br/><br/>A fun read, although the content is mostly in the first third of the book. I was shocked to hear Trump struggles with “executive function.”
 Puts all the pieces of the puzzle together... awesome!
 I am glad I pre-ordered this book when I first heard about the fallout behind it. I took a day off from writing part of my dissertation to read this. All I can say is, LORD have MERCY...this is a shame and scandal...a shame and a scandal! Mr. Wolff definitely delivered in his take of the President's first year in office. Scathing accounts and so, detailed. My favorite quote in the book was "He (Trump) was what he was. A twinkle in his eye, larceny in his soul". OMG! This was a fantastic read, what a great way to kick off 2018. Please support Mr. Wolff and buy this book, all of you who care the events that have transpired thus far; this book offers explanations behind them. I had never read about so much backbiting and discourse...EVER!!!!!!!!
 An excellent, informative and easily read book that ties together many of the weird Trumpian episodes that we were already aware of but hadn't necessarily thought to link together. For instance, Trump's treatment of Roger Ailes just before his death and his refusal to call Beth Ailes just after is similar to how Trump reacted when he found out that his mentor Roy Cohn had Aides. It is these broad strokes found throughout the book that helps make it essential for some kind of understanding of Trump as President.
 read it everyday.  Good reference if you watch MSNBC.
 Very much enjoying this book. I think the majority of Americans had a pretty good idea of what was going on inside this administration. It's nice to know that we were not far off from the truth.
 If you value the United States of America at all, you just have to read this book then pass it on to your closest friends ..
 I purchased this book hoping to gain some new insights and learn more about the current white house from someone who's had the chance to observe the buffoon in chief and his court jesters up close. I'm someone who places a high value on facts and truth. While this book does present a lot of information and insights, it does so in a way that makes staying engaged hard. Michael Wolff's writing style is too flowery for me and gives the impression he is trying way too hard to sound cultured and to impress. His writing is mostly dry and boring. I frequently found myself jumping to another chapter while reading this book in the hope of finding something that'd be a bit more engaging, but usually coming up empty-handed. Overall, I've not been impressed with this book and I'd rate it as average at best. The book is also poorly edited with quite a few typos. At the end of the day, this book has added very little to what I already knew and felt about Trump and his revolving door "administration." A good summary of the Trump white house can be found on page 172, chapter 12: "Bitter rivalries joined to vast incompetence and an uncertain mission." What else is there to add?
 A great read. Provides a terrific inside look into the early chaotic Trump White House and the main characters that got him there. An interesting discussion about the interactions between these people as well as their individual motivations and goals.
 Good take down of Donald Trump.
 SCARY read if you love our country!
 Very interesting book, which helped me to understand the apparent (and actual) chaos in the White House post-election.
 A bombshell of a book. Interesting facts you never thought you would want to know about Donald Trump.
 Read it Read it Read it, whether you love the orange orangutan or you hate him.  There is no denying that this is a clear present indication of what is going on in that company they call the "white house".  The dude wouldn't be qualified to run a McDonalds the way the WH is run.  Bunch of baffoons living in a bubble that we can clearly see into thanks to this book and the moronic things we see play out each day.  Someone save us from this administration.
 Quite interesting!  It gives an explanation of why Trump is the way he is and why nothing much gets done in his administration.  Had to chuckle at some of the nonsense that goes on.
 It's pretty rough with mistakes that jump out at even me, I am not a grammar nerd.  I get that they rushed it but it seems like no one edited this.
 Liked the information in the book. The author's style of writing is a bit awkward at times and he uses words that a lot of people won't understand. Still think it's worth reading
 I found it sort of hard to read...like it was published quickly and not edited as well as the author would have liked.  But, given the subject, understandable.  The book was fascinating and I found it credible.  It’s the 5th book I’ve read on Trump and I noticed some events and how they played out was in line with what others have written about him.  Very scary.
 Unique insight into the perceived and now confirmed intense limitations of this President. After all he wasn’t supposed to win,  but he did and it would appear the country is worse for it. It might be an idea if a book like this comes out at the end of each of this Presidents years in office.<br/>We can then remember what the result is when people don’t exercise their right to vote.
 Excellent work by Wolff. It's well-written and fast-paced, but also offers a surprising amount of depth and insight lacking from most daily news accounts. While nearly every access journalist hack clutches their pearls and proclaims, "Michael Wolff doesn't play nice," before noting that basically everything Wolff writes is consistent with inside sources. Wolff, by being a mensch, has done a great service to the nation. His name deserves to go down with the likes of Halberstam and Caro as among the great writers on American politics.
 Have  only read the first 3 or so chapters so far.  I'll update my review when i finish the book.  So far, though, what strikes me is how well what I'm reading fits with my gut level feelings about the Trump campaign.  I now see details I hadn't known, and they make sense based on my own observations.  Just watching all these people over the past couple of years, it has seemed clear that something is terribly wrong.  You cannot always tell when someone is lying.  But it has been very apparent with them, ... unless one just really wants to believe them and so keeps the blinders on.  So far, this is a great read.
 This books really exemplifies the ego of Trump.  Of course he wants to stop the publication of anything that has inside information.  He doesn't want the public to know what's really happening.  Sorry, secret's out and staying out.  Enjoy!
 I think everything there is to say about this book has already been said. I enjoyed it. It was a very quick read. And so far, it has proven to be accurate. Much of what was written was taken from Steve Bannon interviews with the author.
 Captivating !!! Wolff paints a disorganized and chaotic White House with DJT as the Emperor with no clothes. Must read for anyone interested in understanding the strange set of circumstances that led up to DJT's 2016 win and his 1st 6 months as POTUS.
 Good book. Not really surprised at the content.
 Great Book that just tells us what a total spread ball out President is.  Easy to read and understand, but I'm sure the president wouldn't be capable to read a single chapter
 Lot's of big words. Trump may claim to use the best words, but this book is clearly written above his grade level.
 Breathtaking, shocking, fun, and ultimately tragic, this book is a must read for the American citizen.<br/><br/>Read it now, before the show / movie comes out!
 A really fun book with great insights. It sounds also trustworthy to me. A real pageturner.
 I only bought this because Trump tried to stop it -- this "president" does NOT tell me what I can or can't read. I don't even care if the contents are 100% false. I'm exercising our constitutional right of freedom of speech and press. That being said, I def believe the contents of this is true since it only mirrors the horrors we've seen about Trump on Twitter and the news.
 Yes it has quite a lot of vocab words. That's why I gave this book to my 7th grader to read as extra-curriculum reading. She is doing fabulously.
 I love the candid nature of it, even though some of the content gives me the chills and makes me roll my eyes.
 A frightening account of the Trump White House. It would be a great movie if only it was fiction. Read it with an open mind. If you are a Trumper, you won't like this one.
 Very interesting read.  I majored in history in college and this book is a first.  To be inside the White House talking with key players as things are happening and putting it down on paper.  This not only lets the American people know what’s going on but will be a treasure trove for historians.
 Honestly, I just ordered the book, and solely for the purpose of showing POTUS that this is how America works. We don't allow our leaders to quash free speech. I feel like it was like super dumb of him to give it more attention. As he knows, any press is good press. :)
 Reminds me of the Enron book. Still too early to tell when it will all end. Lost some steam in the last 4 chapters.
 Well, reading this just confirms what I have always thought about Donald Trump: nothing the man says makes any sense to me. He seems to just want to attack and insult anyone who doesn't agree with him at the moment. That is about as egocentric - and chaotic - as one can get. Lots of internecine factions -  Bannon, Jarvanka, and mainstream GOP -- trying to tame this tiger that they have by its tail. The saddest part, of course, is that the majority of Americans and the World at large will be the recipients of the legacy of the worst administration ever, by any standard one uses -- consistency, empathy, political smarts, expertise, diplomacy, ad infinitum. Celebrity, entitlement of the rich, lying, intimidation, and media hype have delivered us a Trumpian world. This books details the reality show horror that is the Trump Presidency. I await what the Mueller Investigation reveals.
 Aunt loves it...hates Trump
 It is a fly on the wall book, not sit down interviews. I found it interesting.
 Very well written and the author did his homework.  Very believable.  Really shows how confused Trump and his crazy white house is.  Too bad for our country.
 crudely written. Emphasized shock values most. A lot of redundancies. Was basically a waste of time &amp; money to buy the book
 While not a journalistic report of the Trump White Hose, this book clearly describes the disorganization and disinterest of DJT. It makes me wonder what will happen before 2020.
 Wolff shows how and why the Trump White House is as chaotic as it seems. He stiches together a revealing narrative from what might have been comprehensible gibberish. Bravo!
 Great Book.  The book is very easy to read.  The book adds a little more details to all of the news stories over the past year.  Steve Bannon as a character gives the book life.  The last five chapters are very entertaining and LOL funny.
 If you hate Trump, this will tel you what you already know. If you support Trump this will only reinforce your beliefs in “Fake News.”
 Nothing in the book is really shocking based on how things have gone over the past year. Once I heard the WH pressing back on it so adamantly, it peaked my curiosity even more. Easy to read, some grammatical errors, but very interesting yet disturbing all at the same time. Haven't been able to put the book down since I got it.
 The most interesting part is learning about some of the other people in the White House and how they sublimate themselves to be working with such a deplorable human being.  I find it amazing that so many voters could have voted for such a man.
 A lot of hype about this book, but I was left disappointed. Still don't regret buying it though, as I hope it will encourage more writers/journalists/human beings to document the ridiculously appalling trump white house
 Loved this.  I do not know how true everything is but it is an entertaining read.  If you like Trump you probably will not like this.
 Great insight into WH people and historical events. Recommended
 This the best book I have ever read. Wow, such depth and candor.<br/><br/>Glad to now know what really is happening.<br/><br/>Very good writing.
 Enthralling and candid behind the scenes look at the campaign &amp; first 200 days, but the writing style is a bit too hyperbolic.  The characters &amp; their actions are clearly over-the-top, so a more "documentarian" style would have been appreciated and served to illustrate how ridiculous they actually are.
 Gave me more reasons to feel disgusted about this man and his family.
 I wouldn’t have rushed to buy this had 45 not threatened the publisher. I’m making a sincere effort to understand the guy and his supporters and learn how to communicate respectfully. This book is helpful because there is some balance—Wolff doesn’t completely let liberals off the hook and I have the impression of better understanding the forces at play. Plus it’s a fun read.
 I purchased both the hardcover and ebook for the following reasons:<br/><br/>1. Wikileaks: This morning I learned that Wikileaks has posted this online in an eBook in order to undermine the sales and support of this book. I do not support any organization who steals information, especially information protected by copyright.  And when it is stolen to be used as political ammunition against our American citizens and country, we have to take a stand against it.<br/>2. I do not support any American President who encourages any organization to steal from American citizens and use the stolen information to embarrass, harass, or demean my fellow Americans. It weakens our country. We are the UNITED States, remember Mr. President?<br/>3. I support American consumerism.<br/>4. I support any American citizen who writes a book about our American President and Government, regardless of whether or not I agree with their views and/or opinions. Why? Because it's our right to speak out against our government without repercussion.<br/>5. I do not support any government, including our own, who tries to stop a publication because they don't like what it says. If it is libel, then sue. Otherwise, in America we have the right to publish a book without government interference.<br/><br/>So this morning I exercised my right and bought an ebook and hardcover version. And I had no intention of buying either until Donald Trump said he didn't want me to and Wikileaks attempted to rob the author of compensation for his work.<br/><br/>So take that Donald Trump and Wikileaks!
 Bought the Kindle version yesterday and read half the book before falling asleep to one of the worst nights sleep I have had in awhile. It was filled with nightmares and unsettled anxiety. As a graduate student I read A LOT, too much non-fiction, so wasn’t all that excited about reading this book over my winter break. Have to say that I am pleasantly surprised that it reads more like a crime novel and is filled with compelling stories and facts unknown to me. Honestly, I am eating it up because it is filling in the gaps and helps me understand how we got into this WAKING NIGHTMARE.<br/><br/>The vocabulary may make it difficult for some in “the base” to fully appreciate and understand but there is enough substance to engage them if they chose to pick up the book and face the truth. As has been said in other reviews, if just 10% of this book is true OH MY GOD! For those claiming this book is poorly written I call foul! This is very well written and compelling. His writing style is engaging and I find it difficult to put down. What I love most is the feeling of being a fly on the wall in some very sensitive and intimate conversations. Eat it up!<br/><br/>I appreciate Wolff taking the time to write this book and recommend it.<br/><br/>Cheers!
 He was there, he heard these WH peeps say this stuff, it was falling apart and the insiders knew it before we did. Fascinating.
 The book definitely seems credible.  Some of the events predicted in the book, such as firing Rex Tillerson and replacing him with Mike Pompeo, have come to pass since the book was published.  It was very interesting (and scary) reading.
 Good read to learn what goes on in the first 100 days of the Whitehouse.
 I support the 1st Amendment and no one is going to tell me or dictate what should or not read :)  ......I had too get the kindle version because I did not want to wait for the hard cover.....Well written, scary at times, laughable as well, it just brings all kinds of emotions.....It's an incredible insight into an administration like we have never seen before...No wonder is already a best seller....I highly recommend this book to EVERYONE!!!!!
 Incredible read, sometimes hard to follow because Trump is all over the place when he speaks.  Just take a look at his speech at Langley.
 What can I say? This book doesn't reveal much of a surprise but if anything, it shows us to what extent we have tried to normalize the most chaotic and unethical administration. Yes, they will go down in flames and it will be HUGE! SAD!
 Great book of insights into this SAD presidency.
 I loved it. It was gossipy and certainly not entirely accurate or completely factual. Clearly some informants had axes to grind and vendettas to execute (looking at you Steve Bannon)—but that is sort of the point. It provides a delicious look inside a chaotic/dysfunctional White House. In that sense it is probably truthful in essence.
 I think Wolff tried to be objective and to document what was happening in the White House during this time.
 It verified the "trumpisms" that made the news and provided the backstory on the White House interactions. But it became very repetitive in blaming Trump and the 3 main competing factions trying to control him. No real new insights or details provided.
 very interesting.....
 I thought it was well written &amp; stated facts. Hard to say I enjoyed the book when I dispise what went on before &amp; what is still going on but I am enjoying the way the book was written.
 I read it for the information it gives, but I have to say that this man should get a ghost writer.  He does not write very well, and there are a lot of spelling and grammatical errors in the book (which drives me nuts!)
 Pretty dry reading.  Some interesting stuff, but a lot was repetitive.  Proves what I already thought of #45.<br/>Hard to believe Wolff was allowed to observe and document all this.
 If even half of what Wolff reports is true, we have a very bumpy road ahead.
 This book is very well written. It gives the "fly on the wall" perspective of life in the Trump White House. I had to look up many words in the dictionary which is good for an avid reader like me. Now when I see people resigning or getting fired it is as if I know them.
 Note you can get the same effect now just reading the newspaper.  It's the train wreck that never ends.
 It is amazing that Ban on was so free with information. The White House is a mess. I am glad to have that confirmed.
 Has termendous insight in the chaos that went on.
 NINE THINGS ABOUT THE BOOK “FIRE AND FURY”<br/><br/>1. This book does not pretend to be a biography or documentary. It’s an interpretation by one man of the things he has seen and heard during his extraordinary access to the workings of the Trump White House. For those hoping to see Trump’s presidency crash and burn, the book gives a lot of hope. For those who support Trump, the book has enough inaccuracies that they can dismiss the whole thing.<br/><br/>2. While a lot has been made in the media of certain excerpts from the book, that’s really not what the book is about.<br/><br/>3. The book is sort of a recounting of the “greatest hits” of Trump’s first nine months in office. People who follow the news and pundits carefully will not learn a lot of new information.<br/><br/>4. The pull of this book that it provides context for many of the seemingly random events and soap-opera revelations of Trump’s extraordinary presidency. In this, the book provides a lot of insight that, in the words of many in Washington, D.C., “rings true”<br/><br/>5. The main thesis of the book is that Trump is so ignorant and insecure (and maybe mentally unsound), that three separate inner circles formed in the White House, each trying to control Trump - and discredit the other two. As part of doing that, the book reveals who many of the leakers in the White House are (spoiler alert: everybody).<br/><br/>6. The book paints a picture of government in which decisions are made at the highest levels, not for the good of the country, but to serve the goals of the decision-makers. Sometimes it’s ego, sometimes money, sometimes revenge.<br/><br/>7. One of the most fascinating threads throughout the book is the role of media; both their power to spin stories, and their vulnerability to being spun by their sources.<br/><br/>8. The writing style itself is weird and uneven. Sometimes Wolff uses vulgar language. In other places he uses esoteric vocabulary words that nobody ever says, such as “revanchism”, “myrmidons” and “louche”.<br/><br/>9. This book is a relatively fast read. If you don’t follow politics, the parade of names, agendas, and counter-agendas can get confusing. But if you are someone who finds it valuable to understand the current culture, this should be required reading. Even if you don’t agree with it.
 Wolff is both organized and insightful. He present the Trump year without making it slant one way or the other.
 Was nice to see confirmed what we have all suspected.  Well written and not put downable.<br/>A must read.
 Liked a lot may have some factual errors but I believe the overall picture he paints is accurate.
 Entertaining, insightful, and worrisome. Getting in the WH is a five star fete in itself, let alone the RT interviews. He reported the story objectively.  I fell there is more to tell. Maybe a sequel is necessary?
 In depth views of the constant upheaval of the Trump campaign, transition and presidency. Who's running circus Trump, find out in this must read.
 More of a shock piece than actual hard hitting journalism.  Entertaining, but not a revelation.
 Wow!!!!!!!
 Very informative and it supported my worst fears but I also fear that the author relied nearly 100% on the observations of Steve Bannon and his observations cannot be viewed as impartial. Also the author's prose was somewhat ponderous. I also needed a French to English dictionary close at hand because of his frequent use of French expressions which I did not understand (my fault for not being literate with French).
 This tome seemed a wee bit over the top when it came out (and I read it).  Now it seems understated.<br/><br/>Funny how the flow of time will do that to a book.  "Instant" history, but worth reading.
 Freakin" amazing!!!! A collectors item!!!
 Fascinating book.
 Very shocking revelations that we all need to know.
 Well written edition as described by the seller, a good read.
 If only half of the story is true it's still incredible to me we could have this guy as our president. I believe that most of it is true.
 Easy read. Good look into what was going on behind the scenes as most of the world looked on in horror. Nothing new here though.
 No real way to KNOW how much of this is true. No way to KNOW what is exagerated for artistic value or just fabricated.  Regardless, a great read!
 Trashily written, but of great interest. Reads more  like gossip than documentary, but doubtless most of it is true.
 Many facts in the book were already public. Still, the recounting in chronological order gave a better perspective to the mess that inhabits the White House. My main criticism centers in the authors somewhat jumbled writing style.
 I  have this a rating of four because, really, there's nothing here that we didn't already know, in his gossipy style, Wolff brings us up close to the table, so to speak, making us feel privy to Trump and other super wealthy power players conversations, if anything this book proves one thing , money don't make class.  It also proved me right about Joe and Meeka, for all their phony breast beating over the inadequacy of this so called president, they had everything to do with  his election. That's all I have to say about that
 Great book
 I will have to listen again, and maybe get a paper or kindle copy.  Worth the listen (I got the audible version to listen to while I work).  Highly recommend for many reasons.
 loved it
 Very readable and believable. Wish Wolff had included some stickers or a chart to keep the characters straight. 🧐The White House calls it fiction, but you can’t make this %@#&amp; up!
 Even though this is written as an easy read, I found I had to take notes and find the pages that each "character" was mentioned...it helped me to fill out the character and then go back and reread the chapter.  Made for somewhat disjointed reading, but overall I enjoyed the book.
 It does an awesome job of explaining the perpetually burning dumpster fire that is the Trump Presidency. Even if you only believe 10% of what is printed in the book you should be very afraid.
 Well documented view of not only the Trump age but of current politics in America.<br/>Time to get the rest of the nation to vote to clean  house
 Good book. It tells me all the things I suspected about Trump are ,in fact true,and probably even worse!This person is going to destroy our country and I don't understand how so many good folks can't see that!
 Confirms and explains what we see on the news every day.
 Entertaining collection of semi-factual anecdotes about the political clown car that is the Trump presidency Probably won’t change anyone’s opinion either way
 Excellant read
 We knew the White House was dysfunctional, and that Trump was unqualified.  But the story here goes way beyond dysfunctional.  It’s really told from Bannon’s point of view, a man who seems Trump-like in being unable to keep his mouth shut.
 We may have proof soon that some if not all of this book is/was true.
 So funny and, unfortunately appears to be an accurate depiction of events in Washington.
 TRUMP IS A BIGGER JERK THAN YOU CAN IMAGINE!
 You'll be shocked but not surprised by this train wreck of a presidency.  Suggestion: I don't care how big your vocabulary is, you will find unfamiliar words in this book.  Get the Kindle version so you can tap on the word to look it up instead of resorting to a dictionary.
 Just started the book, but I'm really loving it. Almost everything Trump says is provably bogus, and what he said about this book is at the head of the list of things he's wrong about: It is definitely NOT boring! Probably only half of it is true, but I don't care and it doesn't matter which half. Regard it as entertainment, not documentation, and you won't be disappointed.
 I could not put this one down!  It confirms what most American's already know; the current Squatter-in-Chief  is a few french fries short of a "Happy Meal" and has no business being pResident.  God help us all!
 Of course, you have to except everything with a grain of salt, but this book is eye opening as to what occurs in our nations highest office. Riveting and page turning account of President Trump’s chaotic first year.
 Just reinforces the image of trump as buffoon, as if you need to do anymore than listen to the clown on TV to come to that conclusion.
 Some titillating stories. But, not sure of the veracity of all of them. And given how little things have actually changed for the better, and how much worse I feel about what I read, in some ways, I wish I hadn't read it.
 Bought it for my Mom, she hates the Donald, enjoys the book. Helps her fall asleep at night. Always a good story.....
 It’s a good read if you’re not a trump fan.  Running it through another bank of editors would have been good.  So many errors and paragraph-long sentences full of digressing phrases and unnecessary adjective hyperbole hurt the credibility of the author.  I didn’t need to be persuaded—but this book won’t convince anyone on the fence or a fan of trump.
 OK, so it's trashy and unreliable.  If you dislike Trump as much as I do, it's pure wish fulfillment.  Buy it for pleasure, not for information.
 Entertaining read with some insane predictions that have already come to pass. An important look behind the curtain and past the orange mask.
 So greasy, it’s thrilling.
 Preordered the hardcover version and received January 12. Don't read many books but find myself reading this one every spare moment that I have. Highly recommended reading for 2018Q1 and then following the story real time as it continues to unfold on a daily basis.
 I firmly believe that you hit the nail on the head with the chaos created by the so-called president.  One can only hope that Mueller will bring forth every lurid detail of the worst president ever.  Thank you for writing this book.
 An entertaining chronicle of details behind the chaotic tragedy we see playing out in our nation's capitol.  Offers no insight as to how we might correct the problems, but I didn't expect any.  The revealed actions of the various personalities are consistent with the public view we have of them, so I don't doubt their veracity.
 Didn't read yet but will eventually. Mainly purchased to help make it a best seller &amp;  bug Trump!
 Fire and Fury equals chaos in our current White House.  Wolff cleverly writes interactions between politicians and personalities.  Guaranteed to improve understanding on what really happens behind news headlines.
 I thought i knew it all from all the media attention.  Wrong!  The book delves much deeper, goes behind the scenes &amp; connects the timeline.  Great book.  How the author got such access reflects the reckless nature of this White House.
 I was intrigued by the book because of the press, and like many others here I pulled the proverbial trigger after trump tried to block its publication.  The book is well written, although the way the author seems to know exactly what everyone’s inner thoughts and motivations is what can’t be taken as fact, though it is plausible. However, the dialogue is what gets me. Great read.
 I bought the audiobook version, and the narration is easy to listen to, the narrators voice is evenhanded. It's so hard to say that the book is wonderful, because the revelations of the book are disturbing.  That's why I only listen when I am working out, walking or cleaning house.<br/><br/>I think this is the most important book I have read in at least a year. Since Trump was elected I have been thinking - what would I give to be a fly on the wall hearing what is going on within the administration. Turns out Michael Wolff was that fly. I feel like the view the public has gotten of this presidential administration is so strange - fits and starts, president contradicting his own staff as well as himself, rapid firings and hirings. It's like we have been watching a dogfight going on under a blanket, and it's hard to figure out what is what. This book helps so much.. Not because of any individual facts... But the broad strokes - A president with little to no ability to delay his own responses to frustration, driven solely by the desire to be liked and admired - alternating between puffery when his ego is gratified  and lashing out with insults when it is not.. And those who surround him, carefully jockeying to be the one soothing him and whispering in his ear.  It's a frightening picture, but one that makes sense given the history of the last year.<br/><br/>I hope and pray that intelligent and calm adults manage to insinuate themselves close to this man to insure the safety of our nation and the people in it for how ever long his presidency continues.
 I am vehemently against Trump.  This book, while a bit too long, confirms everything I ever thought, read or heard about him.  It gave me hope that he eventually (within a year) will be impeached or that he will resign because messing up the country is too much work and no fun anymore.
 Good book. Shows an insiders view. No surprises.
 I am really glad I bought this book.  It is obvious some is very true, some things in it are probably not true but it definitely is a good read and most of it has been heard before.  Trump has many foolish followers.
 An honest ,no holds barred approach to giving us the sad and disturbing facts of Donald Trumps shocking,horrifying  election to the Presidency.
 A good look into the workings of Trump and his way of life.  Like him or not, this is what we have as a leader!
 However badly you think Trump is doing, it's ten times worse. Maybe more. Trump is amazingly stupid, and this book tell us why.
 Very entertaining and interesting.
 Very eye opening book. Sneeky hunch more truth than fiction in this one.
 Horrifying look into the utter lack of preparation and qualification in the Trump Whitehouse.
 Bad read. Kept nodding off. nothing of any value
 So far the book is a great read on kindle. Wasn’t gonna but it until I heard about the cease and desist order. Glad I bought it.
 A zooming lens on the White House "kindergarten" and their novice occupant players.
 WONDERFUL READ,,,ENJOYED IT A GREAT DEAL,,
 Interesting! Glad I purchased this book.
 Reading this book about the inner workings of our current White House, is like watching a slow-motion car crash. Both fascinating and cringe worthy<br/>In a weird way this book has calmed me down about the Trump administration. There will be no changing him.<br/>It is up to us to act like adults.
 This was a pretty decent book. I would have given it 5 stars but a) I'm sure some parts were embellished, b) there were times I found myself agreeing with Steve Bannon, c) that's just unacceptable
 I really enjoyed this book, however disturbing it was to read about the President. A must read inside the Trump White House.
 This is a must-read.
 Book is incredible and worth all of the hype it received. Read it and see for yourself!! Casual observances and circumstances in the media are explained in this book in a very logical manner. Makes sense to the reader.  Read it and judge for yourself.
 This book exposes the ignorance, hubris &amp; undisciplined chaos that was Trump’s campaign &amp; now - administration. Confirming Trump had no idea people wld take his over-the-top rhetoric seriously enough to actually elect him president. Trump &amp; staff were so naïve Putin easily used them as pawns; unknowingly colluding w/Russia to achieve Putin’s goal of disrupting our election &amp; preventing the qualified, savvy, intelligent candidate from becoming president. Implicating themselves in obstruction of justice &amp; acts of treason, along the way. Even if investigation is allowed to complete, Republicans will never hold Trump accountable. They care only about party/power not country. Americans hv become characters in ‘Animal Farm’. Wolff opened my eyes to the systemic corruption that is our government. Basically, Trump has given the mega wealthy &amp; himself carte blanche to milk as much profit as possible from America &amp; bend its people to their will. To hell w/individual rights, the environment, integrity &amp; principles. Wolff has exposed more than Trump’s ineptness.
 Great read! A true look into Trump's reality show Whitehouse.
 I bought the digital copy with audio making it easier to get through, it's very well written and informative in case you missed out on all the drama in the WH.  You will get a recap of the past news headlines with the details of the facts and indebts of the events leading up to the election and after the "bomb shell" of having an uneducated and uninformed man to be the president of America.  After reading this book and grasping the unveiling facts of the "Make America Great Again," All who are privileged to live on the soil of the United States of America, can pray that the end will be an era of a well embraced PRESCRIPTION.  For as a nation, we must begin to reclaim our minds from a political enemy. Know that he won't easily give up the place that he's had. You will have to do battle against his lies and confusion. You must declare out loud that you will not allow any outside force to do your thinking. Thanks Michael Wolff, well done. God Bless America.
 There was very little in the book that I had not heard before on the news channels.  The book is worth the purchase just to irritate Trump.
 A very illuminating trip through the swamp and slime that is the current White House. It's worse than one could imagine. A fast read. Every US citizen should read it including all the people hiding out in the Capitol, all 535 of them. The nation can't take this treachery much longer.
 My gift to 45, who was delusional enough to think he could halt publication of a book.
 The truth hurts.
 Enjoyed this book very much.  Interested to see if history will prove many of Wolff's assertions to be true.  He never really wanted to be President. He just wanted to try to expose a corrupt system. He got more than he bargained for,
 Well written in a documentary style but with a point of view. Just confirms the chaos in the White House and the self-serving participants in the biggest political scam ever perpetrated on the American people...with their unwitting help.
 Inside scoop is just like we thought only more dysfunctional. Palace intrigue exposed and it’s not pretty or clever, but it is sometimes amusing and astounding.
 First off, trump has no business being president. This book merely reinforces my opinion. Wolff gives a synopsis of the first few months of this presidency and the dysfunction in the White House. The best part is that he got to be the proverbial ‘fly on the wall’ giving the reader a sense of what goes on at 1600.
 Into the 4th chapter only. The author uses vocabulary not fitting a baffoon like Trump. I'll get through it. I'll have to get amarosa's version as well.
 Interesting evaluation of the least experienced person to become the president the United States.
 Now I understand why POTUS appears so inept to the public.
 It’s a fun read if you don’t take it too seriously. If you do take it seriously, it’s still fun. This portrait of an inept White House would be great farce if it wasn’t partly, mostly, entirely true. That the Trump White House let the author into its midst is a sure sign multiple people are at best apathetic, and at worst nihilistic.
 Wow!  Well written and engrossing.
 It was worth the read. At times I found hard sand depressing to read at times. It only confirmed my belief about Trump and company. I hope we can find a way out of the mess has and is creating in the US.
 Had to see what the buzz was its fun to read.
 I bought this for my dad who has *no* love for The Donald.
 took me 5 weeks to read<br/>disturbing that this idiot is running our country
 Writing is very dry, but truthful.  Interesting to find out some things that are really happening in our White House today, since the Trump administration.
 I am loving this book.  I don't know how much is actually true, but I think Wolff has given it some thought as to how to be fair and accurate as a journalist.  I don't believe this is fake news, but I'm sure Mr. Trump and his administration would take issue with it.
 The author didn't drink the Kool-Aid.
 This book needs to be read.  By everyone!!!
 I liked the report about the inner workings of the Trump White House. I believe the book goes beyond the highlights which have been described in the press, and somewhat disputed by WH members. Although that stopped soon, so I assume that there is enough audio material to back up the statements made in te book. Very good read with several interesting points not prior mentioned in the press..
 Bought it just because Trump Can NOT tell me what I can and can not read!
 Really enjoyed the book, but definitely feels like maybe it came out too soon and too late. Feels like a commentary track on the first two-thirds of 2017, a lot of stuff we already knew, peppered in with behind the scenes info and commentary from people involved. Would've loved this as an introspection of the entire presidency and not primarily following Bannon.
 very informative, once you start it you want to find out more. just so much internal jockeying and in fighting! the emperor truly has NO clothes, even with most excerpts in the media and online fascinating read!
 This book very clearly shows what a sleezy, ignorant, crude, narciscist- personality disordered, and filthy rich piece of excretement Donald Tump<br/>truly is.  He alone has the  power to destroy the lives of millions of people in this country, as well as ,many more people who live in other countries.  He is  the President of the United States of America.<br/><br/> Let us all register to vote &amp; vote, demonstrate and educate , resist and protest this imitation.of an American President.  We must work together to<br/> save our country.
 This book paints a good picture of Trump's presidency...a train just went off the rails, over a 5 lane highway, and crashed into a building that exploded into flames and toppled over on a shopping mall. It's such a disaster you don't know what you should focus on or which part is the worst.
 Thank God for our country that President Moron and his enablers are as incompetent and disorganized as they are. Sad!
 It's all basically gossip/rumors/unverified stuff. But it's the best, juiciest gossip book I've read. Highly entertaining.
 Much more than a Trump personality reveal, this book is a chronological account of the myriad personalities revolving in and out of Trump's wacky world before and after the election, up to its publication in the Fall of 2017.  Thus doubling as an historical reference of where these people came from, how they became associated with Trump, and why (or if) they influenced him, I found "Fire and Fury" to be mesmerizingly educational, and I highly recommend it, even to Trump supporters.
 Well read.
 Good read on the dyspeptic White House. The first "Mooch" chapter is worth the price of admission!
 Whether it's only partially factual or fully true, it was still very interesting to learn the behind the scenes actions that I, as an average American found enlightening.
 Husband enjoyed it great read and facts
 The highlights from the book can be seen in the daily headlines. Like Wolf said read the book.
 I liked the insider perspective that rang true with my own observations, prior to reading it.  What I liked least was the editing.
 I absolutely cannot put this book down!  I haven’t been this excited about getting ‘hot off the press’ info since watching the O.J. Simpson trial live on Court TV! I’ve read 11 chapters in the 13 hours since the book was released &amp; I certainly don’t consider my day wasted.  While I’d not consider myself completely well-versed &amp; polished in the area of politics, I do watch ‘fake news’ daily &amp; scan my iphone’s newsfeed nightly for info on Trump’s latest controversial tweets &amp; to make sure that I don’t need to find a nearby bomb shelter soon.  I gave the book 4 stars only because it got a bit deep in places &amp; in my opinion, it wasn’t written for the masses.  Without a fairly hearty attention span &amp; a bit of a knack for politics, this might be a difficult read.
 Well written, extremely objective and an eye opener for those who are wearing rose colored Trump glasses.
 I thought it was bad, but now it's truly scary.No one seems to be in charge, the leader of the free World is a shyster/ex-reality star who thought running for President was a win, because he was certain he had no chance of winning, but in his mind, it was a win for the Trump brand and name, even when ( and he expected to) lose.<br/>Who thinks like that?<br/>His supporters will call this "fake news, fake story ".<br/>I'm not so sure.He's totally unqualified, he really has no qualified advisors, and even if he did, he doesn't care or listen to them.<br/>I pre-ordered this, and when it came out early,Amazon worked with me to get it the minute it came out.<br/>I read it in a day.<br/>I'm just stunned as to how bad it really is.
 Very informative and easy to read. It's great if you support Trump of not.
 Same information we hear everyday. Nothing new. The book arrived in a timely manner from the seller.
 Statements from those who work at the White House and know the President well were valuable. The book, however, suffered from its concentration on "Trumpism" and "Bannonism," which were ill-defined. The book also needed some spelling and grammar checks.
 Confirmed and connected the dots on everything I've heard and read in the news about Donald Trump and his White House. It is a most interesting read.
 Very informative and well written. Nice to know the way our government is being run!!! Not to my liking!!!😢
 An extraordinary description of an extraordinary times in the US. It is very well written and very compelling. Great book!
 GOT IT FAST - Interesting book to read, but the 5 stars are not meant as to the content of the book. History will determine that.
 An absolute must read for this nation, especially what we currently now know. This is the absolute foundation story for all other books published since!
 rather dubious writings; Wolff appeared on Morning Joe &amp; was kicked off the show when it was discovered he apparently never verified many of his claims.  interesting read but read with "a grain of salt" philosophy.
 Had heard about the pandemonium from other sources, but this confirms it, and reveals other incidents.  Unbelievable they never chased the author out!  Sad.
 Wake me when it's over.  Or kill me now.  Either way.
 Well done. Sad to read such incompetence.
 5 stars because of the importance of this being published.  Unfortunately it depresses me that these are the people who are now in charge.  And the saga continues.  Both his attempt to block to book, caussing it to raise in popularity, and his "stable genius" comment show this  is story is continuing.<br/><br/>I
 As Smooth Sluggo said, "His supporters will cry foul, and say some of it isn't true -- and some of it might not be -- but if even 10% of what is in this book is true, holy crap!"
 Very informative and a good read.  Even if some contents are inaccurate enough remains that explains Mr. Trump's antics as President (and, his behavior now).
 Trump and the GOP are totally incompetent . The working class doesn't stand a chance !! We were all lied to horrible !!!!
 This books presents a very credible description of what is going on in the White House. Well written and with lots of supporting data. Highly recommended if you want to get a first hand impression of the current presidency.
 This book exposes Trump for what he truly is- a colossal fraud, idiot and  and  immeasurable disgrace. God help America.
 He is a pig
 Interesting look inside the Trump regime. The chaos, flip flops, and outright lies have been on display since the campaign, but the book verifies much of that from the inside. However, there are items of unverified speculation that are put forth as fact.
 My book has a flaw from the printer.  Page 163/164 is torn and a good portion of the page is missing.  Unfortunately I did not check the book when it first arrived so I am stuck with it.  Be sure to flip through the pages when your book arrives.
 The book was interesting.
 Not that well written and kind of seamy - just like the current administration
 Overall, I liked the book. While parts of it seemed to be hyperbolic, Michael Wolff gives a clear and unvarnished look at the Trump White House. It was particularly interesting to read about the interplay among the many characters competing for Trump's attention.
 Well this is the book, if it was 2018. So much more scandals have happened soo far on this administration, that this book needs. Second volume but it’s Muller as a secondary writer.
 Too bad it's fact and not fiction.  More truth contained than the White House provides, alas.
 Excellent synopsis of the dog and pony show in the current White House.  Good research by the author and causes more than a little fear for this country's future.
 This book didn’t provide much information that had not already been available to the public via a variety of media sources. The information that was not provided was easily obtained by reading between the lines of all of the public info! There were no surprises!! Trump couldn’t organize a trip to the zoo!
 showing what a failure this administration really is.
 The book was somewhat repetitive...most likely because the events were repetitive.<br/> I wonder how many staffers will write books after-the-fact
 What can I say about this book, really, really interesting reading........I sort of believe it.......It is a disturbed place........
 Just ok. No great revelations. Seemed like a rerun of what had previously been reported.
 The writing has a good tabloid flow which I found entertaining but I could not believe that his administration gave so many quotes to this author that is the best part about this book.
 This was an insightful book on not only Donald Trump but also the people that come and go out of his enter circle
 Good read and confirms what is know already.
 WOW! A great read if you are are sick of the current Commander in Creep.
 Whoa. Reading this is like watching a wreck you can’t keep your eyes off of—a wreck involving our entire nation with worldwide collateral implications.<br/><br/>The importance of this book is monumental. It is rocking Washington an has the potential to shift American politics like no other ever book has.
 A good record of what is going on
 An interesting read!
 I found this book to be the true inside dealings of what I already assumed to be a totally dysfunctional White House Administration.
 Michael Wolfe is quite simply and excellent, riveting, and unconstitutional writer.  Abraham A. Held
 Amazing just absolutely amazing
 Well I felt I knew most of this info already from reading so much and listening to CNN!
 Very interesting and very readable.  Based on the repercussions it seems like this book hit some very sensitive nerves.
 The book didn’t tell us anything we didn’t already know or were hardly surprised by. I read about half of it and quit.
 The book was very good at painting a picture of the chaos in the WH. It is a good weekend read book
 Too bad this book is all about Trump.  The book is well written and now I cant stand Mr. Trump.  Hes not my President.
 I probably shouldn't rate it because I've only read about 1/2 of it. What I have read is very good and right on the money. I should add that I'm no Trump fan either!
 Great book. Everything we always suspected about our clown POTUS.
 Great story about the most corrupt, dishonest mentally deranged person in the world
 I really enjoyed this book and I think most everyone would like it whether they’re a far left liberal or a Trump supporter.
 Thought it to be very interesting.
 Can't put it down. Real page turner. Really places you like a fly on the wall. Fun remembering all the media accounts.
 Taken in bits and pieces there is some tabloid journalism here, but when looked at overall, the picture of chaos and ego gone amuck is overwhelming.  What we assume is slanted or erronious from the bias / fake media is actually true.  This man really does not have a clue and gets his jollies from being at the center of a storm.
 Not really anything riveting but does show the discordance and lunacy in the Trump white house. Interesting.
 Everyone should read this and work to save our citizens and our Constitution. We must stop money from running our elections.
 The writing style is a little bit tabloid and the sentences are unnecessarily convoluted, but I am really struck with how sympathetically he portrays everyone. Like, no matter how badly someone is behaving, the author gives you context to understand why they are acting that way.
 Tells you everything you already know with insight and context.
 This book is funny, well written and gossipy. It is also terrifying. Is it impeccable journalism? No. Do I believe much of it? Yes. Michael Wolff got a front row seat to Trump's first year in office (albeit sneakily) due, in part, to incompetence and chaos surrounding the Whitehouse since the inauguration. Though this mess has been an open secret, this book fills in the details and rounds out the characters of Trump's ever changing inner circle, their dynamics and the lack of disciple and strategy that currently define the office of the president of the United States. Some observations need to be taken with a grain of salt, but what is abundantly clear is Wolff's compelling portrait of a man who is vindictive, clueless, narcissistic and quite possibly a lunatic.
 Book shows how bad it is in the WH. He's a good writer and has many interesting stories he writes about.
 Loved it!! Couldn't put it down.
 no fake news here.
 The book is entertaining and I read it as I would a Dominic Dunn or Kitty Kelley accounting of events. Facts are there but are reported with an obvious slant. Still very alarming if all is proven true.
 Has an understated drollery that is delightful.  Inside these covers is an excellent summary of the nature of our worst president and the danger he poses to civilization.  What have we done?
 Liked this book. Made my worst fears seem justified. Of course if your a Trump fan...well better not get it.
 well worth reading if you are pro Trump or not.  Fits right in with tweets and other antics. some prophesies have materialized already.
 Good job at a bizarre topic, thorough, which again, must have been a challenge.
 If you like Trump you will hate this book. If you hate Trump, it will validate your opinion.
 A great look at the THREE White Houses (Trump, Kushner and Bannon) in the first 9 months of our current disaster.
 Read it.  But know... it is not a book you should approach to figure out, "oh, this is true" and "that's not verifiable" and now I know the facts of all things that happened. In my opinion, it's a very believable  collection of stories curated by the author in a way that hangs together. Honestly, while it makes me sad to look behind the curtain, it helps to have the back story and see the weaknesses that might eventually bring this charade to an end.... ideally, long before 2020. Also, I really enjoyed how Wolff used so many long words and adjectives upon adjectives to describe things. I kept thinking, even if Trump tried to read this, he would never be able to understand what was being said!!!
 Explained so much.<br/>I recommend everyone, Trump supporters, and opponents, read this for a greater understanding.
 enjoyed reading this book tells me what a big mistake I made in voting for this person.
 So far, sooooooooooo good.  I was raised by a mother like Trump and the behavior is too (unfortunately) familiar.
 I wasn't expecting much from this book but from the outset it's a darn good read, and, oddly, seems to really crystallize the monumental horror of the Trump White House, more than any single news story. I thought I'd heard it all already, with the endless news cycle of Trump atrocities, but this book seems to go further and give a fresh perspective, an "arc" to the horror story that even the continual media coverage can't. I say well done.
 Good fast read. Came off as entirely plausible stuff. A soap opera on steroids, which is what this presidency is. Good fun, if it were not a tragedy.
 I chose this rating to keep the book in bestseller list. It was an interesting read, bit too exhausting though.
 Even if not 100% factually accurate, the fact that he gives such insight into how the Trump organization dysfunctions makes it worth the read.
 I bought the book a few hours ago and already read the first 2 chapters. It's simply mind-blowing and quite entertaining (well, it would be entertaining if the main protagonist was not president of the US...). I usually don't read politics books, but after the over-the-top reaction of the Trump team I decided to give it a shot: if Trump is losing sleep over this book, that means it must be true.
 So much has been said about this book, Trump, and his unprecedented rise to the pinnacle of western power, I'll just add that my favorite section was about The Mooch. It was a pure comedy nestled in a book that would be hilarious if it weren't true.
 This is a book that causes one to have to think on multiple facets. Found it to be insightful and at the same time frightening. Whatever happened to the middle ground and compromise?  Reaffirmed that politics is about money and no longer about the people.
 A bit gossipy but I suspect a very accurate representation of the chaos of the Trump White house. Much of the book is about Stephen Bannon and he is probably one of the major sources. It leaves you wondering which is more responsible for the Trump presidency: their broken democracy or broken education system.
 As predicted from news......I feel like I'm reading the Trump playbook. Wish I hadn't spent $20 when it first came out, but if you're a political junkie, you might enjoy the chaos in this White House.
 I know it was written in a hurry, and it shows it. The author uses way too many words that readers are going to have to look up to understand what he is saying.  And I'm not illiterate.  I know it adds to colorful writing, but it is just excessive in my opinion.
 Read this and you'll weep. We are in so much trouble. Even if only half of this book is true.
 Takes Trump and his White House apart. Wolff is a good story teller, but a mediocre writer.  I can add no more to what's already been written about this book.
 Simply Shocking.  If even half is true, OMG🙀
 This book is as frightening as it is readable, and it should be read by every American. Wolff's portrait of a president who is a reckless, dementia-addled fool, surrounded by impotent sycophants inside the White House confirms one's deepest fears. You wish that this incredible intrigue were taking place at some other time, in some remote land, and that the people involved had no possible means of affecting one's life or livelihood, since they are not capable, intelligent, civic-minded, nor even rational. If these people weren't running the country, it would be pure pleasure watching them shred each other to pieces.<br/><br/>Wolff's writing style is seductive, pithy and intelligent.<br/><br/>I feel there is a gap now, between when the book ends, and today, but, unfortunately, I doubt Wolff will be invited back to the White House to fill in the gap. We can only guess what mess is being cooked up behind closed doors now.
 Entertaining, informative and at times distressing.  Even taking portions of the narrative with a grain of salt, the entire situation is disturbing.
 Well written and full of interesting facts and anecdotes.  It's a must read and answers a lot of questions.
 When is the new season coming out? I wonder who will be the cast of this show hmm.... Nothing surprises me.
 The book reveals just how ignorant Trump is about history, science, the Constitution and what powers he has as president.  He is a con man who convinced voters he would make their lives better.  His bully tactics may have helped him build a real estate empire, but it is not working for him as POTUS.  George Washington could never tell a lie.  Donald Trump can never tell the truth.
 Great read- well sourced material
 Helped me keep track of who is who in year one of the Trump White House.  A sad account of people given power who are not qualified to wield it.
 Very interesting and timely.
 Thoroughly enjoyed reading this.  I believe it is closer to the truth than not.  Suggest everyone read it.
 The writing style is interesting. Half gossip half historian. The book may not be factual, but provides a believable explanation in to the idiocies that are Donald Trump.
 Great book.
 A great summary of Trumps' first year in office! Very factual, believable and so much has turned out to show insight into Trumps' motivations.
 The author used many big words which was OK but it slowed down the reading somewhat. It showed what a complete ass Donald Trump is.
 Absolutely unreal what’s found in these pages. If it’s half true it’s absolute insanity.
 Once again, free speech and power of the press, present to us a position not allowed in so much of the world. Even if you support the philosophy of this administration, it is book to read.  Everyone should be aware the how we are being governed, whether by Republicans or Democrats.
 Well written in above 6th grade level.  Left questions where reader must fill in logical blanks rather than author supplied speculation in some areas.
 great fast read. I have recommended this book to my friends.
 What a bunch of characters- unfortunate that the events of this book are true, but entertaining read you will want to check out
 Loving it!  Exposing this moron is a good thing.  Having him as president is horrific!
 Gossipy political book which raises a few questions, but no question as to the low, low point that our country reached under President Trump.  You get the feeling that we haven't yet hit the bottom and leaves you wondering whether the US can ever recover from it fall from grace and respect.
 I highly recommend this book.
 Great insight to the internal workings of the Trump campaign and first year in the Whitehouse.
 Wasn't what I expected to be. I thought it would be much more details about the inner working of the White House. Michael Wolfe exposes some  interesting information, that I didn't hear from CNN &amp; MSNBC. Trump supporters should read it!
 This review is being written in March of 2018.  The book came out in December.  There are some factual errors in the book but the overall picture the  book gives matches exactly what has been going on in the White House.  Highly recommended.
 Poor writing mechanics, but fascinating topic. Page-turner, worth the $.
 Very entertaining and well written.
 very good
 I thoroughly enjoyed Michael Wolff's portrait of a shallow, vain, semi-literate Mr. Trump.
 Holy cow...how did we get here??? What a bunch of incompetent nuts. Ruthless for money and power but not enough political experience between them to find their way out of a paper bag. Think about your hairdresser complaining about how lazy airline pilots are and how she could fly a plane better if she put her mind to it. Then she tries. They are even too stupid and ego driven to know what they don't know. It's a page turner, and each day it gets proven more and more. God helps us. America the Beautiful has got to put her big girl panties on and kick some butt to get peace, order, and a future for the middle class back.
 Wow, this book really opened my eyes. If only half of the book is true then we all need to be worried!
 Reads like a mystery/documentary and hard to put down. Can't believe this is our President but sad to say it is. Hope there will be a "Fire and Fury" part 2 but probably unlikely.
 despite the credibility issues raised by the media for the author's questionable techniques and conclusions, all of the book's conclusions have unfortunately subsequently been true.
 Everyone needs to know this!  This will help you to deeply understand what's going on in our current chaotic and idiotic administration.
 Not the last word on DT
 Great delivery, great price. Surprisingly I found the book harder to read than most. And I'm an<br/>avid reader.  Some words I had to look up.  I was expecting an Inquirer-type writing.  Have not<br/>finished it as yet but keep plugging away.  I don't know that I'd buy it again or maybe I'm just<br/>trump'd out at this point.
 Fire and Fury is an intriguing look at the utter dysfunction in the Trump White House.  I recommend it highly!
 It was just like we've been seeing on the news.  Michael Wolff did a very accurate depiction of the mess in Washington.
 Great book.
 a great read and well worth the wait !
 Great read, the authors detailed account of the chaos under Trump reads like an award winning fiction novel. Sadly, for the country it is the Trump presidency.
 Thanks Michael for telling it like it is!
 Book shows just how disfunctiol the White House is and can be, all the presidents family and friends cannot put the country good again
 I'll never be a Trump fan.  I didn't like him when he made his first pronouncements against Mexico. I'll continue to respect the office but not the man.
 The book is boring and poorly written--the author did not say a single thing that we followers did not already know....SNOOZE.
 I enjoyed reading it, it was fast, catty and cathartic.<br/><br/>As things have unfolded, I keep remembering what I read in this book.
 So much was revealed in this book I understand what we are now dealing with! Sigh
 I'm still reading the book.  I question every page, how can a man like Trump have been elected into such a powerful role and how does he continue to get away with his antics?  Looking forward to reading the rest of the book and perhaps the next novel to see how he implodes on himself
 Really scary stuff even if not 100% accurate.I pray it is inaccurate but don"t think it is based on all the information available.
 This book was what I expected.  Reading it is scarier than listening to the news.  Not written very well, but it does get the point across.
 Gave a better view of what I already suspected about this president.
 This book was so good - and it seems a very candid and accurate accounting of happenings.
 Can't put this book down!  An irresistible look inside the mind of a self centered, self absorbed, ego-egotistical liar!  I hope, no...I pray that this book opens closed eyes to those that have been so blinded by the relentless banter that leaves Trump's mouth on the daily.  Well done Mr. Wolff.
 Blow-by-blow stories of palace intrigue. Couldn’t put it down. Got a chuckle out of a typo re: Bannon’s “pubic venom” (Kindle p. 291) ... if not a typo, the mental image makes me want to stab my eyes out with a fork
 Have not read it yet. I am immersed in MSNBC's coverage of this man and his deplorables and will wait for a day when I won't be more depressed learning more of the details of this person who never should have been elected President!!!
 Wow....just wow...There are a few typos, though.
 Poorly written though highly entertaining account of the disaster that is the Trump White House. If possible I loathe Jarvanka and the gang even more than when I started the book.
 A must read for anyone concerned with the security of our country!
 great read
 We've seen many of these anecdotes and met many of these 'characters' (they're real people but feel like fictional characters in some unbelievable made-for TV movie) in the nightly news. The value of the book is that it provides a chronology and context that builds to where we are today. We need something to organize the facts, fake news and alternative facts that come at us daily from all directions.<br/><br/>As many have said, this is a messy book that could have been better edited, and that attempts to combine the 200+ plus the author interviewed into a fair and accurate narrative. But we needed a book like this now to put some structure to the competing voices from TV news, Twitter and the social media comments from each other as we look forward to where the Trump administration is leading us. The timing of this book is incredible, because of the inexplicable access given to Wolff.<br/><br/>It always strikes/scares me how close we are to the edge of chaos. Get a flood in Houston, for example, and there's no gas in Dallas for 2 weeks. What this book proves is how close we are to chaos with this man as President. How can someone with no respect and literally almost no friends get elected President! Hopefully this book--and the more organized realization of the danger of where we are--will help us back away from the edge and get things back to normal for everyone.
 The book was informative and uncovered well the paranoia of an unprepared president. His penchant for dissing everyone at anytime is typically done as someone who has limited life skills!
 This is a look into power and corruption at its worse. If you’re a Trump supporter, you won’t believe this. If you’re a never-trumper, you’ve probably already heard a lot of this. But the details of the chaos and ineptitude is startling. We should all be worried.
 Awesome book. 100% recommend.
 This book, as others have said, needed to be written so the partially-naive electorate &amp; citizenry of this malleable nation can have "some" idea of what's going on (or not) in the rejuvenation of the "Great-Again Show on Earth".  Truth be told, a lot but not all that much.<br/>Fire and Fury generally reads like a cross between Young Adult fiction and a Shakespeare play without the customary Drammatis Personnae.  It is easy to drift into a sense of reading fiction after not progressing even too far, then rejoin reality and stop and smell the roses without being stuck by the thorns. The characters in this narrative will do that.<br/>This is probably the most insane, ludicrous, helpless, farcical, incorrigible square-pegs-in-round-holes cast of characters ever assembled on any stage, and the reality check the book snaps you back into so often instills an ethereal feeling of fantasy though it's really reality.  They didn't want to be here, but they are.  They didn't think they would be victorious in the election despite all the alleged (using that term darkly) operations outside the 2016 electoral process, but they were, despite themselves.  One character leaves, another enters to take his/her place, and others remain no-shows but are easy to discern behind the stage curtain.  The reader gets these sensations even before the musical chairs hop-and-bop commences (ref to Comey, Spicer, Priebus, naming only a few), until they could've staged their own entire reality show "Castaways" cast.<br/>It's easy to become engrossed in Fire and Fury while reading, but also easily overwhelmed. Read a chapter or two, then pinch yourself to ensure experiencing reality. Listen to the morning national news, again at five, and cap it off at eleven.  Something will occur to substantiate some preposterous subplot in the book, providing fodder for a later Volume 2.  Then read a good Stephen King novel and get away from the fact the reality plot is a sub-product of an actual Presidential Administration. Easier to deal with evil street-drain clowns than Star-Wars Cantina rejects.<br/>I have only read or perused a few of the more than 4100 Amazon reader reviews (at the time of this writing) this pioneering volume has generated in its short time of existence.  But, so many of them are deemed "helpful" by THOUSANDS of the Amazon Faithful; as well eliciting dozens of blog comments.  Among those is where the old fur REALLY flies.  Amazon, I suggest that when the dust has settled at least a little, compile all these reviews and comments (whatever practicable) and publish in your OWN "Fire and Fury" and you'll have your own bestseller on hand.  At least THESE people are real!
 Deeply concerning, even if only some of it is true!!
 great read !
 Gave it a 3 1/2 at one time. The story is interesting and readable. There does not seem to be a lot of definitive sources. It is more balanced than one would originally expect but is open ended enough that any partisan (of either side)<br/>can claim bias
 Purchased today... haven't yet read it, but giving it a thumbs up... just like the GOP passed their tax scam. 😊
 If you are someone that pays attention to the news, not much in this book will surprise you. There are a few anecdotes and some gossip, but no real mind-blowing revelations. I think the most scandalous parts were released pre-publication on Twitter and through the New Yorker excerpt.<br/><br/>I read someone compare this to Game Change and it is nowhere near as revealing or as well written as Game Change.<br/><br/>I think if you are someone who hates Trump, this book will make you feel vindicated. I feel like if you are someone who loves Trump, it will make you angry. If you are like me and read it from a literary POV and not a partisan POV, this book will leave you wanting.<br/><br/>There are too many credibility issues with Michael Wolff and his whole career for me to take everything written in this book as the gospel. In fact, several of the details he has gotten wrong in this book has already been written about or discussed on Twitter, CNN, etc and I thought the Washington Post's article about Wolff before publication date was pretty telling, as well. All in all, you have a guy who likes to take liberty with the truth writing about a whole lot of people who like to take liberty with the truth.
 Very will written with wonderful context and insight. I would recommend to anyone that is interested in understanding the inner working of the current White House. Many sections were riveting and jaw dropping.
 Widely quoted for good reason.  It confirms what we already know.  Trump is totally unfit to lead anything, and a danger to our republic.
 Thank you Mr. Wolff.  Can't imagine the vitriole that will be levied at you. I'm about 1/3rd through the book and I appreciate your effort.  This is not enjoyable to read, as I keep grimacing, "...How did we get here, how did we get here."  But it is consistant with the bits and pieces we already new, and like those bits, the entire book falls into the category, "You can't make this stuff up."  I don't want to give the impression there is nothing new here, there is a lot that is new, and a lot that is jaw dropping.  Even if you are a Trump fan, perhaps particularly If you are a fan, or even if you aren't a fan but are thinking it's all about the judges, you might want to give this a read.  If even 10% of this is true, we have a real problem, not the least of which is, "How did we get here, how did we get here..."
 Superb writing style.  Informative and entertaining, this book gave me further insight regarding individuals that I felt differently about.<br/>I would highly recommend this book to anyone wanting the back story of many of our most infamous (current/former) political officials.
 confirms suspicions
 Glad the publishers defied the WH and rushed release of this uneven, but important book.  As so many reviewers note, we Americans are in deep political trouble and it’s worse than we can imagine.  Despite the torrent of typos, bad grammar, made-up words, catty style and dubious sourcing (the reasons for my 3-star rating) this book is worth reading. It peers into the current WH with a wide-angle lense we need to see the chaos, treachery and incompetence operating at our government’s highest level.  Healthy stock market portfolios won’t save us from this MAGA nightmare.<br/><br/>One aside:  I was perplexed by Wolff’s frequent and gratuitous slamming of Obama in a tell-all book about 45. The question is how to escape this terrible trap created by a strange confluence of arcane constitutional procedure, a time of troubles for democracy and capitalism globally and an unlikely candidate.  It’s scary to read how  someone like Bannon, with so little political experience, time and organization, could conjure a win “on his first try” for a candidate with so many flaws.  Perhaps this book and the higher quality journalism available elsewhere will spur more political activism and a way out for our country.  Hope so.<br/><br/>I bought the Kindle edition the day before Wikileaks announced release of a PDF version of this book online. While I would recommend borrowing it from a public library or a friend because logging on to the Wikileaks link would be illegal and a copyright infringement, as I understand it, the book's free release means that means F&amp;F is available to any reader of English regardless of location or income level if you want to take the risk.  I would not spring for the hard copy.  It’s perverse that the book is making a brash, but average journalist so rich while 45 gets more attention, which he craves.  Who loses?  We all do.
 I was definitely not disappointed with this book--raw and pointed opinions captured in this book.
 I gave the book as a gift to my son....I know he will enjoy it.  Arrived on time and in perfect shape.<br/><br/>I hope to borrow it so I can settle in and read what seems to be an interesting read.
 What I liked the most is how this wasn't just about trump, it covered everyone in the White House. Also truly showed me how unhinged he is and everyone around him. It's not as if I didn't know, with my career in psychology. It's as if I'm inside one of the psychiatric facilities I've worked for, instead of it being the WH
 If this is all true, this is very sad &amp; shameful time for our great country.
 Gunfight at the OK Corral. White House insiders go from concealed to open carry gun rules in an easy to binge on narrative with many direct quotes. Assuming he has recorded corroboration for them, Michael Wolff may go down in history for rescuing the U.S. from the gang that couldn’t shoot straight.
 Really so frightening. Every American needs to read this and consider, if only 10 percent of this is true, how seriousl screwed we are
 The gist of this tome jibes with everything that sensible Americans have observed ... Chaos rules in the White House. In particular, Wolff shows how Trump assembled a "C or D" caliber team, and they ended up in positions of global importance.
 Had to take the cover off the book and can only read it in daylight.
 Excellent - Mr Mueller will take a good look at some of the revelations
 Anyone who has been paying even the slightest bit of attention for the last year will find it very easy to believe everything in this book. There wasn't one thing in the book that surprised me. Trump is an unhinged man living in a universe all his own. I actually feel very bad for anyone who believes this man is "great", for they must have some very sad issues of their own. How this country has been able to fall so far is truly scary. His supporters will scream "lies" and "fake news" just as "The Donald" has taught them to do but I honestly hope they regain the ability to think on their own someday.
 The book is reasonably well written but at times got long winded.  The subject matter presented leads me to think Trump thinks his is part time job. If half of this is true, Trump should removed.
 I found the book full of information that I did not realize such as the extent of Roger Ailes in the Trump campaign.  I am the type of person who does not take everything at face value but this book had some real eye openers.
 My husband wanted to read it. He said that the book was okay. There was stuff in there that people need to know.
 I think is a ligth version of whats really happening inside the chaotic WH, very interesting references, in real life is to much worst.
 To be fair I have not actually read this book, I only bought it to keep it on the bestseller list.  #resist
 Buy it. Read it. Be disgusted. Author stretches chapters a lot. Like reading a Poe novel. But wade thru the gibberish and you will see how inept the non existent administration is.
 Good read. A fair balance between fact and gossip that kept my interest. It helped me understand the happenings in the West wing. If you are a Trump fan, you don't need to bother.  Otherwise, enjoy.
 The stories are nothing we haven't heard IF we've been paying attention.  What I found especially interesting was the details of all the chaos and backstabbing that went on to get Trump's approval and trust.  Nobody in this cabinet has a clue what they are doing and certainly no idea of how to do what they should.  IT'S SCARY to think this man is in office to make major decisions to keep the country safe.  I'm sure his supporters will not read this book because they are still in denial but to the rest of us who have been closely following the news and events YOU CAN'T MAKE THIS UP and you certainly cannot deny it.<br/><br/>Michael Wolff did an outstanding job putting all this in print and in detail.  He painted a perfect picture of incompetency and coverup of this administration.  I highly recommend reading this and please-please VOTE!
 A kitty kelly type tell all eye opening and a start to a study of what is happening to us
 What a mess!
 I was sure lucky to get this before they ran out of it.  My neighbors loved it too
 If this is all true, then god help us.
 Interesting book!
 Confirmation of Donald trump not fit for president of the United States of America. He has proven to be a moran!
 It offers intrigue and scandal on the current administration.
 I had zero intention of purchasing this book. That was until the leader of our free nation tried to stop it from being published. Once he did that, I had to have it.<br/>It's like having a front row seat into the decline of an unstable mind and the impact of those around them. The President couldn't do what wad his own best interest even if he was given step-by-step instructions with visual aids. It's like dealing with a spoiled toddler hopped up on sugar.
 What's not to like about a lot of juicy gossip about out 'beloved' President? Actually, most of it I knew anyway from watching and listening to the news since his inauguration. Not any actual surprises, except possibly a hint that he has a rather unusually loving relationship with Hope Hicks (who I had never heard of). Like he might be her Svengali? I found the book itself to have been hurriedly written and definitely very poorly edited with many typos for want of a better phrase? An easy read though which I read in two days!
 I can't read this book because it has nothing that surprises me. The book is boring and pretty much old news. I was hoping it had some insights into the most disastrous presidency in history. I hope Comey's book is better.
 Great book. No real surprises, but still providing valuable insights into the Trump Whitehouse  chaos and the prospects of a Bannon-led nationalistic movement. While frightening, this book is also quite entertaining.
 Most of it shows that what we suspected was actually happening
 This administration is a clown show so I'm sure most of the things in this book are true.  Just look at the number of resignations for evidence of a dysfunctional White House.
 THANK GOD somebody wrote this.  Brilliant.
 This is a well written, easy to read book about the inside of the Trump campaign and administration. It rings true and there has been little by way of explicit refutation by Trump or his minions, unless you consider name calling refutation. Apparently, the writer so accurately captured Bannon that the president has already made it difficult for Sloppy Steve to keep a job. Why would he do that if he did not believe that Bannon said what he reportedly said? And why would Bannon issue an abject apology, if there were nothing to apologize for? Of course, Bannon has lamely tried to say that his most damaging remarks were about Manafort, not Trump, Jr, but Bannon's claim seems just an absurd attempt to ingratiate himself back in the good graces of Trump. To be sure, I wasn't there and have not heard any recordings that the author claims he has, but like I said, it would surprise me if the recordings did not support the written word. So I recommend the book. One caveat, however. It seems to me that most of the inside information is from the mouth of Bannon, while other insiders mostly said little or nothing at all worth publishing to the author. So it is possible that a different picture might emerge from their lips, if they had the nerve to talk.
 Ineresting view of personalities and roles in the Trump White House.  Would have liked fewer anonyous sources, but it's understandable why this couldn't  be done.
 This book just confirms what I see and hear every day, hell, every hour of how unfit Trump is to lead our great country. I wasn't shocked.
 Fairly interesting, we've already been so shell shocked by DT, nothing really surprises us anymore. An interesting behind-the-scenes look at what goes on in the White House.
 Some of it was a little off the wall, but, in general it was a good review of the first months of the Trump administration.
 So revealing. However, not much I had not surmised about our President.
 It's a good read. nice behind the scenes look at some of the events we've seen on the outside. Most very predictable but there were some surprises. I enjoyed reading it and would recommend to any political junkie like myself.
 I’m no Trump supporter so it is no surprise that I found this easy reading in that it summed up my take of events. What was most appealing was the fact that this book brought together all the events that I have suffered hearing about in a way that made me aware that I did indeed follow the media reports cognitively. Having had this record to go over also reinforces my sense that I got it right which unfortunately might simply place me on a position of reading what I want to believe. I hope other writers and critics might point out what is wrong with this as it seems too true for words. It lost a star because it suffers in that this is an ongoing story which the book simply abandoned prematurely in the author’s obvious quest, to take advantage of the insatiable appetite we all have for details of this frightening detour (I hope) in American political and social evolution and get to press.
 Gives a much better picture of what’s going on in White House than Comey’s book. Worth the read.
 Tremendous, compelling book
 I bought the book. I'm not sure I'll ever read it. I doubt it's any different than the Regnery crap, but Trump tried to prevent it from being published. It's worth sending $15 to show him we don't do that in America.
 This is not Nazis Germany, Donald Trump! This is AMERICA!! I will read what I want to!
 Pretty much as expected, given all we have heard on TV; good read if you are a never Trumpster.
 A lot of this I already had heard in the media. However it was interesting reading how the author had perceived / observed from the inside.
 It tells us what we already knew about this fake president. This POTUS is such an embarrassment to our country.
 While many of the direct quotes are real reported previously], many of the off the record comments strain credulity. Nevertheless it si useful to read as a recap of the events of Trump’s first year.
 Amazing that someone like that actually is in the White House. I did not find this book very well-written, but it was interesting. I definitely recommend it.
 An entertaining read, as expected.
 Eye opener. Inside look at workings of government and Trump.
 Loved the entire book.
 A very interesting read on the Trump presidency!
 If it wasn't so tragic, I'd say it was the funniest book I've ever read.  Easy to get through.  But presents an astonishing and worrisome picture of life in the WH.
 45 is a disgrace, and the book proves that everything we though about this psychopath, he is and more.  A great read!
 Through the book, you as a reader are presented to a timeline from election campaign, through the election and the start-up of the presidency. Regardless of wrong or misleading details, the events organized in cronological order gives you a pretty good impression of Trump's presidency
 I got this as many others on the release day. The week before was full of leaks and they all seem to be the only true news from the content. This book just confirm what we all know - the Emperor has no cloths. I find the book to lay too much importance to the role of Bannon - if he was a true machiavellian he would have stayed onboard. He should have been more of a Blackadder, than a idealistic visionary. No one cares for dreamers like him no matter how dark his dream is. He seems too driven by the idea that Trump can be the front figure of political movement of change without any substance. Never con a conman. Trump is about Trump - its the whole tragedy and beauty of this time periode. Never has the daily deeds of a Presidents been elevated to be the only news for so long. It make one think that Trump gets what he wants - in reverse, but still . . .
 Interesting but a bit boring after awhile.<br/>Good job describing the dysfunctional Trump clan.
 There are so many negative labels to put on this man, but this books goes beyond one word labels used by me and many others and helps to understand him and why the country is in the shape that it is.  Now I understand why he's done the "crazy" things that he's done and can predict what he'll do in the future: #Very sad.
 great
 The book makes the White House administration understandable.  A good read about a president whose behavior is not as surprising as one would otherwise think.  I enjoyed reading it very much, even though I am not a fan of Trump, his family and the others mentioned in the book.
 A very informative book that verifies rumors that we all thought were true.
 So funny. I keep adding updates to firings!  I did enjoy reading this boik. Kept seeing Alex Baldwin and how he will act a part out.
 This is a fascinating/horrifying story, and I could barely put it down. Some of those quoted in the book are saying they were mis-quoted by the author. However, the overall story of Trump's chaotic style matches my own perception based on what Trump himself has publicly said and written. It really is a frightening picture, and I'm glad the book has led to further questioning of key figures in the book as well as discussion by the American public.  I do wish Wolff had been careful about making any factual errors at all, no matter now small, because then some people tend  to disbelieve everything in the book. I also wish Wolff had used a clearer writing style. He prefers very long sentences with multiple subordinate clauses and some words I didn't know. I personally like learning new words, and I'm a highly intelligent person with a masters degree, so if these quirks of the author bothered me, they probably bother other readers more. When you have a riveting story, why litter the path through your story with so many boulders?
 Good reading
 I purchased this for my husband.  He thought it 90% accurate.
 Insights hold up still now and very enlightening regarding the ongoing chaos and very entertaining quick read!
 Very interesting and I'm not for trump.
 Decent look on the chaos in the Trump Whitehouse.<br/>All of thee ups and downs of the first year. Worth the money.
 Entirely believable if you have been following the election and administration...and I have been.<br/>The caste of characters is well revealed for the American public to finally see. Our nation is in<br/>deep trouble with this white supremacist (and he is) in office. The damage he has already done, and the damage we can expect over the tenure, will be heart stopping. My only hope is Robert Mueller, frankly, but the thought of Pence taking over is equally horrifying. Read it.
 If 1/100th of this is true, the White House is in shambles.  Excellent look into that mess.
 Author Michael Wolff apparently gained access to the inner circle of the White House, most of whose members thought that Hope Hicks or someone else had authorized him to do so under a more positive title. Whatever. Last winter and all spring and summer this book has been probably the most talked about book about the current administration. Most of the portrayal of Donald is already well known to those who follow the news, and his circle of advisors is portrayed as holding him and each other in contempt, which is also unsurprising considering that there has been so much turnover. A couple of big picture literary notes-as Joe Scarborough noted, the narrative style is rather loose, free associating and stream of consciousness, which of course in some ways is appropriate to the subject matter! It takes an omniscient view, which reconstructs the words, thoughts and feelings of the characters quite vividly from the interviews given. And Wolff has a tendency to use obscure synonyms, which I guess is ok in this age of instant google and dictionary.com, but I tend to forget them immediately afterward, and it comes across a bit pretentious. One thing that the book hammered home was the frantic pace of this administration. He intended for the book to be about the first 100 days, but eventually settled on the transitions in August with the arrival of Kelly and the departure of Bannon as the end of the first phase. Many of the key players are now gone, and four years of this narrative would take an enormous amount of writing. For those who follow the news on a regular basis, it's easy to lose track of how exhausting the drama of this administration can be.<br/><br/>The main thing I learned about Trump himself was that he didn't expect to win. This is interesting because despite the polls, I really did believe that he had a chance. Nobody knows how the drama of the administration will end, and nobody knew how the drama of the campaign would end, except that many expected it to end in a Hillary Clinton presidency. My sense of the momentum was that just as Obama was the story in 2007-8, Trump was the story in 2015-16. Hillary did not inspire passion and a movement the way that Obama did, but Trump, to put it mildly, was a first in American politics. Kellyanne Conway, the veteran pollster who came on board in August, was also portrayed as expecting defeat despite her defiance in public. The contrast between her overzealous public defenses and behind the scenes ambivalence is surprising in a woman who has shown such consistent conviction since the late 90s, as one of the many blondes. As a side note, it was hilarious that Ann Coulter had to voice conventional wisdom, telling Trump that "apparently nobody's told you this, but you can't just hire your kids".<br/><br/>Much of the book is about Steve Bannon, who was probably the principal source. Presumably Wolff isn't crazy about Bannon, but he probably found him intellectually interesting. He is portrayed as very smart, and his predictions and observations more often than not turn out to be correct. He "won" the election in the sense that he focused the strategy on the upper Midwest states that were indeed won at last after several election cycles. Stephen Miller, on the other hand, seems to be underestimated both by Bannon and Wolff. Mike Flynn is a bit of an oddity, and the other generals are competent in their areas, but Bannon is portrayed as the most interesting. The main plot is the struggle between Bannon and Jared Kushner/Ivanka, with Reince Priebus as the third party representing the establishment and Paul Ryan. Apparently there's a lot more tension between Ivanka and Donald than I would have guessed. Just watch the announcement from June 16, 2015, the excitement is palpable. Another interesting character I didn't know about was Katie Walsh, who was an establishment normal Republican girl who just rose up and somehow got to the top of this oddball administration but wanted out within two months. She is presented as a smart, competent figure who would have functioned in any normal GOP environment. Hope Hicks was incredibly loyal to the President but even she is out by the second year. Toward the end of the book, Scaramucci is brought on by the Javanka faction and by then Bannon sees that things are just getting desperate and ridiculous. As Mika Brzezinski noted, probably the most irresponsible insinuation that Wolff made was the Nikki Haley angle, which I find doubtful until there is further evidence. She has risen as a star in spite of and against the President (note her response to Obama's last state of the union in 2016, where she bashed Trumpism) not because of him, and frankly she doesn't need him for her future.
 Interesting
 Great book, must read particularly for Trump fans. Learn the truth.
 Fascinating read exposing the disaster that is the trump administration. I have no doubt trump didn't want to or expect to win.
 Reading now and can't stop. I originally bought thos book thinking I may or may not have time for it now, but I wanted to make sure to show support for Michael Wolff with my wallet whether I had the time to read it or not.
 GREAT BOOK, VERY INFORMATIVE OF THE BEHIND THE SCENES OF THE tRUMP ORGANIZATION.
 This is a fun book to read. The author develops the characters well and then just lets them go. Almost as hilarious as a Hiasson novel. So much has happened since the book's end. Wish there was more!
 This is not a book for Trump supporters. The content is largely hearsay. There is enough stuff that rings true to make you wonder. I’m not a Republican so I liked it.
 VERY INFORMATIVE AND DEPRESSING
 Interesting Read.
 Thanks to Wolff for writing this book about what really goes on in the White House under Trump.
 Well-researched, fully documented and the closest we're likely to get to an honest, inside appraisal of Donald Trump's White House for the foreseeable future.  HIghly recommend.
 Fun and fast read, episodic, gossipy, and off and on very scary.  In retrospect and as time wore on after reading the book, alarming and predictive.
 Reading Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House is useful. Yes, you already know a lot of the incidents from daily news. No, White House senior advisor Stephen Miller, it's not "a pile of trash, through and through." Yes, no matter your viewpoint, you will find something to argue with, something lacking. No, Washington Post writer Alyssa Rosenberg, it's not dull (though her point is right that some claims could be developed rather than just asserted and left there on the page).<br/><br/>The book is an overview, fly-on-the-wall from Michael Wolff's hanging out at and doggedly reporting on the White House in the first year of Donald Trump's U.S. presidential administration. Trump didn't expect to win, didn't really want to, didn't and doesn't know what to do as U.S. President. He was ripe for Steve Bannon's prepared alt-right plan. The president and presidential staff, lightly familiar or wholly unacquainted with the rudiments of government and political operations, defaulted to warring among themselves for position. Steve Bannon today (1/10/2018) left far-right Breitbart News after being fired from his White House post in August 2017; his critical comments about Trump and his family in Fire and Fury caused him to be pushed out of Breitbart.<br/><br/>Will the book provide insights to help us, directly or indirectly, to right the foundering ship of state that America is today since the presidential campaign and election of Donald Trump 2016? What do you think?
 A good book, and I believe that most of it is true, but I'm sure that some is not.  We'll have to wait and see if it is, or not.
 Book is a rush job and needs an editor to smooth out the choppy prose. Author recycles his descriptives, such as "peculiar," but then that's just the adjective I'd use to both describe Trump's through-the-looking-glass presidency and this book covering its first year.  What phrase comes to mind throughout the read is: 'important if true.' If author Wolff isn't making up any of his claims, and every anecdote and event described in the work is based on fact, then Fire and Fury is a truly staggering and possibly important chronicle of the ad hoc (at best) inner workings of the office of our current Commander in Chief.<br/><br/>The author is most convincing in the scathing characterization of President Trump: he is child-like, narcissistic, petty, ego-maniacal, allergic to reality, semi-illiterate, vindictive. A man who surrounds himself with care-taking women and yes-men factotums. Who determines his friends based on their obeisance and pandering and his enemies based on whim.  Who has no game plan, no concrete objectives, and no real desire to lead.<br/><br/>I sometimes laughed out loud at the absurdities contained on just about every page, thinking I was reading sharply-observed, if sometimes a bit purple, political parody,  and wondered if perhaps I was dreaming I was watching a sequel to the movie "Idiocracy," but then I had to remind myself I was wide awake and reading about the current (non-fictional) state of the American presidency.  And the book belonged squarely, then, in the horror genre.<br/><br/>The author likens Trump's candidacy to the Broadway play "The Producers," in that Trump planned on running and losing simply to augment his brand. Which makes sense. He never planned on winning and neither did his staff. And everyone in his inner circle was as horrified as the American —and global—majority when Trump secured the office. This book lays out all the reasons why everyone should be very afraid.
 Everything is covered in the news, contents are not surprising anymore.  Having said that, the book is still entertaining.
 Amazing insight into the White House workings under the current administration.  This book explains the chaos and insanity.
 Shows the real president in all reality.  Strange person.
 Tabloidish (yes, I made that word up)<br/>Wolff needs a writing class. It was painful to read because it’s so poorly written.
 Loved the content but poorly written. I’m not a stickler for perfect English but the poorly constructed sentences were hard to follow. Also full of political jargon that I could not always make sense of. However, great smear of this horrible, consummate con artist
 Great book but very scary.
 Worst president we ever had
 This is what is running this once great country of ours! A true insider look at the West Wing.
 Love this book for the very reason knowing how WH is pissed off....priceless
 Enjoyable reading about a very disturbing White House.  I think you'll find some interesting insights...believe me.
 Trump sucks.  What more can you say?
 Anything to upset the Big Orange!!!!
 interesting read even if only half of it is true.  The most significant information I gleaned from the book was the chaos in the WH.  What is truly amazing is the infighting between the family and cabinet.  The book is well written.  What I liked least is it is scary to think these people are responsible for the executive branch of government.
 thought it was an accurate review of this whole situation
 Very well written.
 Simply amazing!
 It's scary to think this is really going on.
 Great book written by a person who knew the people in the White House, especially the President. This is why he was able to ask questions and received response.
 While this book portends to be about Trump and his failings, it’s almost more of a puff piece for Steve Bannon. It shows how smart he was during the campaign and after, doing a much better job of analyzing the social Zeitgeist. The problem is you can’t tell whether it’s a big secular wave or a flash in the pan. This book is extremely well written, for this type of “trash”, and I highly recommend it!
 only read beginning and found something else to do. can only process so much chicanery at a time. provides the reader background on what to expect in future. if only ten pct is true then the story should have a sequel.
 Interestingly entertaining look at the chaos and zaniness in the WH. Peek at what constitutes the executive branch of government.
 After the first couple of chapters, the book droned on a bit. Once you get the point that Trump is unqualified for the job and surrounded by a team that is also unqualified, there's not much more to read.
 This book is a long winded compilation of the chatter that dominated the news and speculation throughout 2016 and 2017.  Nothing really surprising.  It could use a set of footnotes and a graphic timeline.
 I thought that the news told the story about the wickedness in the Trump Administration and White House until I read this book.  This is so disgusting.  How can we believe in leadership that is in control of Donald Trump.  Obstruction of justice and collusion is just the beginning of this.  God help our country.  Beverly K.
 I bought this book after the author said he had recordings and then the president tweeted,about himself, that he was a genius. So I'm sure that there will be no slander law suit . Which probably means that some, if not most, of it is probably true.
 What a sensational read (!)
 Hilarious and super sad! Because we are all on this Runaway Train. Easy and fast read.
 You sure find out a lot about the Trump children and Trump himself.  I never thought he would win, did not vote for either candidate, one as bad as the other.
 Yup.  Love it.  Good purchase
 Good insight into the daily workings (or disfunction) of the Trump Whitehouse.
 Could not put down this book.  So much to know about the personalities in the White House.
 Informative.  Fills in some background. Book, however, is poorly edited with mangled syntax and strange vocabulary choices.
 Didn’t finish the book.  Not a Trump fan but this was a repetitive theme of the family incompetence.
 Wow!  This is an eye opening book, and I couldn't put it down!  It certainly explains why our current situation is happening.
 great entertainment and reading
 I highly recommend this book
 You cannot ban books because you don't agree with the contents. I have been alone and ashamed here in Montana which voted overwhelmingly for he who should not be named. Thanks to everyone for their reviews, they give me hope that all is not lost.
 Interesting but I kind of figured that's what was going on. It was a quick read. Cannot think of anything else to write but Amazon is demanding more words.
 An interesting look into our government in the Trump. Era.
 Interesting read.
 A must read!
 It pretty well solidified my opinion of what a tool trump is and how unqualified he is to be in that office.
 All the comments from various people who work in the White House simply supported all the things that had been reported. I do wish the book had been checked better for misspelled words.
 If even half of it is true, it is very frightening. Surely holds your interest.  Marilyn
 A must read!
 Wolff pulls back the curtain around the White House and shows you the chaos and dysfunction of the current administration. Allot of mud has been thrown at Michael Wolff in an attempt to discredit him. I have read a number of books about Trump well before he got into the White House and this book runs true. Chaos is Trumps modus operandi. Personal attacks, hate, lack of focus, incomprehension of others feelings, these are all Trump traits. Now throw in the alt-right and you have a recipe for disaster. For those who don't get it. History has long shown that some people are put in power as radical reformers in attempts to break old power structures with the hope that their most radical sides can be ameliorated, but these radicals have historically broken their chain's and gone their own way much to the horror of those who put them there.<br/> This hurricane has only just started.
 this book is very good gives insight to a troubled mind
 Totally worth the $15 FOR the 1st Amendment, democracy, honesty, and the 99%, and AGAINST imbecillic narcisism, corruption, fake news, racism, and Russian intervention.
 Perfection!
 A classic.  All you need to know about our maniac Prez.
 This book is good. It says a lot when the things he writes could be true.But still if they are all true without embellishment, why is it that the authors of books like these feel the need to then go and vigorously defend what they write?
 What a revelation from high up.  Completely proved the bully boss we have in the White House.
 I like that the book tells what Trump is really like. There really wasn't anything I didn't like.
 Unbelievable, but true.
 My husband really enjoyed reading Fire And Fury.
 I enjoyed this inside look into the Whitehouse. I feel I better understand the chaos that is still occurring. I think everyone should read this and keep an open mind. Especially the Trump supporters should read about who they have elected. I can only pray the dysfunction ends soon.
 Too gossipy for me and believable. I learned nothing new. I still can't get my head around the fact that the author was allowed to watch this sitting on a couch.
 Very good read
 Should be read by all Americans, especially those who voted for Donald Trump.  Maybe not all of the facts are exact but the characters take on a life not available through news sources.  The great dismay I feel is because Trump is so poorly informed about how the world works, about how we exist as parts of complex systems maintained through nonlinear dynamics with different scales in time and space with possibilities of multiple causalities.  He doesn't have a clue.  The reader will realize quickly what danger we are in as a people and nation.
 Buying this book and giving it a five start rating gives me a tiny bit of satisfaction of sticking it to that man.
 Behind the scenes of the most chaotic White House administration in history.
 Very informative, shared with my family members
 An interesting book.  A sad story about an otherwise unqualified president.  Made me think about how crazy the presidential election process really is in u.s.
 Confirmed what reporters had reported all along. It was like reliving the ugly all over again. Sad.
 Well written but at the same time the material is disturbing and I would not recommend raiding it before bed unless you like raising your blood pressure and having a bout of insomnia.
 A very interesting account of an obviously troubling White House. However, Mr. Wolff would have been better served not to use language that the average American would find frustrating in comprehending.  It definitely took away from the flow and enjoyment of the read.<br/>I didn't find too much in this book that I had not already known from other sources but it refreshed my memory of certain events<br/>Recommended for those who do not utilize multiple sources for balanced information.
 Great insight in to the White House
 Good read, but if the things reported in this book are true, I am troubled by the things happening in this White House. It appears that the country is functioning in spite of the government!
 A must read for anyone interested in how low a president can go.  Trump lovers, you may change your minds!
 Juicy? yes.  Tragic? Very.<br/><br/>Pros:  reads fast, people/players are clearly identified and described<br/><br/>Cons:  this is not fiction
 Most of the information corresponded with press reports and trump's own words as shown on nTV
 And accurate an inside look as available. You can feel the chaos we experience daily in every word and confusing decision.
 Wild rollercoaster of a read...well worth it! My copy came in pristine condition! thanks!
 I tried to view this as fiction, so as not to panic. If it's true, we're all in deep trouble.
 amazing insight into the inner worlds or what people are actually thinking, not just their outer face
 You can definitely tell the author has an opinion. I feel that this was a book that Steve Bannon largely orchestrated. I feel just as unsafe now in our country (if not more) than I did before.
 VERY REVEALING.
 IT IS INTERESTED TO SEE THE Workings of the white house. My opions of the president have not  changed. I believe he won't last.
 Can’t put it down!
 Fascinating reading, though I found the  grammar and misspellings distracting. Even if the book is half true, it remains very disturbing. I found it upsetting when Americans were willing to vote politics over moral character. Now I find it even more disturbing, as more facts come out, that our leadership stands by to let this continue.
 Really enjoyed this book. Easy reading and very entertaining. Highly recommend!
 Very informative, but most of the info has already been provided on tv news shows.  Reading becomes quite tedious and drags after awhile.
 President Trump.  Narcissistic hubris.  Meet karma.<br/><br/>The book documents episode after episode of Trump's narcissism and intermittent stupidity at the epicenter of White House dysfunction.  The book will undoubedly be a best seller.  It couldn"t happen to someone more deserving of the derision and scorn large numbers of the American public have for Trump.  He madly rode the birther controversy, fabricating claims his investigators were digging up details that would be supportive of birther claims.  He challenged the academic credentials of an articulate, Harvard educated law graduate, who handled public abuse with restraint and dignity through 8 years of his Presidency.<br/><br/>The book successfully paints Trump as the ignoramus I would have never thought him to be.  I thought the bulk of his issues related to personality problems of the narcissistic type, which would not necessarily preclude success in politics.  Obviously, the persona in sound bites masked other deficits. The book assists with the unmasking.
 Great book, hoping for a sequel.
 It's like watching a train wreck in slow motion... from inside the train.
 Had to get a copy after the POTUS went on melt down.  So far it’s a very interesting read.  Donald Trump’s insane reaction brings even more credibility to the authors’s reporting. This should be required reading for all politicians, oh wait they already know this.  Time to take back our country and vote this corruption out, from top to bottom.
 Love the book, hate the information in the book...still can't believe what happened, must have been "rigged"
 Fast paced juiciness, astute observation tinged with wisdom. Fun but ...contains the sad, sad horror of what now is our collective reality.
 This was fun reading.  I don't doubt that 99% of what's written in this book is true and actually happened.
 This is the best book I have read in a long time. It gives real insight into the broken trump administration. The sad truth is that lying, back stabbing and corruption are the new normal in the White House.
 Almost done with it and I think it is well researched and well written. I have kept close tabs on trump's White House and there is nothing in this book that I find suspicious or exaggerated.
 Loads of drama that unfolds like a scripted reality tv show. Unfortunate that the drama is continuing to transpire in front of our very eyes. This book tells all the beginnings of the Donnie John era of politics.
 It’s worse and funnier than I ever thought possible
 Fast, fun read for everyone who thinks Trump worst POTUS in U.S. history.
 Take it with a grain of salt. It's an interesting read, but it's gossip and so not always correct facts. That being said, it confirmed a LOT of what I have supposed about the behind-the-scenes in the White House.
 Very interesting and a little scary.  My brain still can’t figure out how it all happened.  Good read.
 MUST READ, then you'll understand what's going on, and see how WH now has become another Sh##H0L# in a beautiful country US of A... sad
 .GREAT BOOK - RESIST DIVISION - STAY FOCUSED ON THE GOOD THINGS FOR OUR COUNTRY.
 Interesting read...if you can get through the use of million dollar words by the author. Guess he wanted to look more intelligent then Trump. Just could have kept it at a 6th grade read and still accomplished his goal.
 This is the scariest book I’ve ever read.  To think that this individual is the a President of the United States is sickening.  He is turning the world upside down with his insane rhetoric and if you aren’t scared to death by the end of this book, well, I’ve got to wonder about you too!
 What can I say? If you haven't read it yet, you already know you'll love it. And you know you want the dirt.
 This is the last book of the 4 I have read so far, I plan on beginning to read this one in the next few weeks but from all indications of the news that has been proven so far, I think this one will be just as true as the others I have read
 Incredible read. It's not surprising to learn that Trump and his white house are in disarray!
 Was an easy read, well written.  Tried to keep an open mind while reading, but the confusion and chaos was apparent.
 It was a very sad description of the President Of The United States.
 Interesting but overkill and repetitive at times.  You're more depressed about the immediate future after reading it.  Liberals will love it.  Trumpers will not read.
 I haven't gotten the time to just sit and read my book's ordered yet, but I have them for when I am taking time off to just relax and for "history"!
 A riveting dark comedy. This a page turner. Just like driving by a bad car accident. You have to look.
 I felt as if I were there at the White House! This book is very damaging to President Trump's reputation. I couldn't put the book down!
 Excellent read!
 No real surprises, but a lot of moments where you just want to crawl under a blanket. Almost reads like fiction, but sadly this is all too real.
 Good reading.
 This is what tabloid is all about.  Some of the things revealed were none of my business.  Some of the things were interesting, but in the long run, I can't say this book was what it was hyped to read.
 a good read with lots of insight into the pits
 Read It Now!
 Wow. The true picture of the chaos in the White House.
 Interesring insight into the Trump White House but beyond my vocabulary
 It kept me reading. The best part was seeing where everyone was located when I first saw it on the news. And which side they were on. Family is family is family and that may be the only thing Mr Drumpf has ever really cared about. Well except himself and the almighty dollar bill.  If I hadn't seen this all happen I would say it was all fiction.
 Unbelievable. I'm very concerned for our country after reading. This is not a fake book.
 It affirms the absurdity of the current White House. If even half of the book is true it makes every day’s hard to believe stories make sense. It is also validation for how difficult it is to support this president
 Very good read, however, I do think that there are places where he plays with the truth. Go in with an open mind and if you wonder about something written in there, you can always research it. I would suggest this book to those who tend toward the left side of politics.
 The book is so good that this is the second one I purchased.  This one for a friend.
 book is made of good quality materials. not just a cheap thrown-together book to keep up with demand. pages are off-white which makes it very easy on the eyes, and there is a nice texture to them as well. very happy with my collector's item...
 I found the story fascinating.  It is a vivid depiction of a campaign and administration plagued by ineptitude, disorganization and infighting at the highest levels, told from the perspective of a "fly on the wall" journalist. To anyone who's been paying close attention for the past two years, the revelations herein are not very surprising, but the purported details are very interesting. Wolff's description and analysis of the personal and political dynamics shaping the White House seem informed and on target.<br/><br/>That having been said, I have to take issue with way the author has sourced and reported many of those details. Most glaringly, he offers as unqualified direct quotes statements that he was not and could not have been witness to. Nowhere in the book does he differentiate between things that were said directly to him and conversations he heard about through second- or third-hand hearsay. He does not identify his sources for hearsay, and while he has coyly suggested the existence of recordings in his media interviews, he has yet to my knowledge to state categorically that he recorded any or all of his conversations.<br/><br/>On his TV tour, he has acknowledged that he frequently had to distill the truth from multiple and often contradictory sources. This fact should have been disclosed prominently in a preface to the book. His methods for obtaining quotes should have been similarly disclosed in a preface and hearsay clearly identified in the text.<br/><br/>As for the text itself, I found the author's style a bit dense and self indulgent. He tends to use compound sentences excessively. He throws in obscure words and references that often cloud his meaning and are occasionally even misused. I was grateful for the dictionary and Wikipedia functions of my reader.<br/><br/>Despite its flaws, Fire and Fury is a good and informative read. If made into a movie it will be more docudrama than documentary, but it offers a useful and, I think, ultimately honest perspective on the Trump White House.
 Didn't live up to the hype for me, but did cover many pertinent points around the importance of letting the world know what an embarrassment this president and administration is.
 My husband and I have read it and lent it to neighbors to read.  Very  informative.
 good book
 Good bathroom read.  You are already at the toilet to throw up in the parts that make you need to do so.
 A real eye opener for all Americans about how bad this President is. Trump is a accidental President and is way over his head in being our leader.
 I guess this book is looking a little old now, but I have to say that in addition to its sensational revelations - and there are many - it's also very well-written, funny, and filled with seriously smart analysis. For once, something deserves all the hype around it.
 Very strange people from top to bottom.
 To be totally honest I have yet to read it.  I only bought it because Trump did not want us to 😂  I might not ever read it but anything that bothered him as much as this was completely worth the purchase!
 Great book love it
 I liked it because he made me feel like I was right there in the midst of the chaos.
 Still reading while in Kitzbuehl, Austria<br/><br/>So was everyone else on the ski trip!
 Over-hyped.  I keep thinking it will get better, but the reality of the situation is, this is our reality.
 If you are keeping track of the news everything is in this book. But it will confirm most of what you already knows.  I found the reading a little bit confusing when he goes on and on about people that I do not know.
 It's not perfect, but it's a window into the chaos and incompetence in this so-called administration.
 The truth had come out about the Orange beast in the White House. Now the whole is able to see the truth.
 Pretty much only told me info already known but very well written
 What was written is what we are seeing.
 Very informative
 I downloaded this so I could read it at my leisure without others around me being able to see what I'm reading.  Haven't made it past the first chapter though.  Not saying the book is bad, my eyes are.
 Most of the important points were already covered in national news.  Enjoyed Luke Harding’s book “Collusion” much more.  Check it out.
 Whether or not the anecdotes occurred  as stated does not matter. Instead see it as a broad stroke. The consequential incidents, policies, and actions of the Trump administration can be understood by this content as well as confirms the story within.
 Interesting reading.
 It certainly provides an insite for what does or doesn't go on in the white house.
 EVERYONE SHOULD READ THIS BOOK, WHETHER A TRUMP FAN OR NOT.
 What I liked the most is what I thought of this President this book confirms it. The least is how far down backwards this country has gone. I felt very uncomfortable reading some parts.
 Scary, jaw-dropping stuff going on .. perhaps, a little bit worse than we thought.
 I haven't finished the book yet after having owned it for a few months.  It may be because it's too dry for me.  Anyway, I go back to it each time I've finished a few novels.
 Not finished yet. But, it is a good read. The author keeps my interest. He doesn't ramble. I don't have to believe his version of everything, my eyes and ears have confirmed over the years that this is Trump. Won't 25th amend him, but don't think it was supposed to. And, best of all, it ticked Trump off to no end!
 This is a tedious read and offers almost nothing new in terms of information to someone who follows the news. Disappointing.
 Hard to follow exactly like life in the white house must be.
 Very interesting read.
 Not terribly well written. ALso much of the stuff I heard already. I gave up a third of the way through, but a friend completed it and said it was worth going back to. I might do that.
 All the good stuff was reported in news, but it's a fast read, and valuable piece of the puzzle when someone from another country or future generation asks--and they WILL ask-- wtf?
 I’m a news junkie, so I was expecting a treasure trove of inside scoops, but it turns out I must have read it all between news stories and reviews. Nonetheless I was an entertaining, easy read.
 Highly entertaining, yet horrifying.<br/>The book is cinematic, so I hope it's been optioned for a film version.
 Even though a lot of what is in the book has been speculated upon it is still interesting to read about the dysfunction that engulfs White House.  In general one side effect of all of Trump's blusters, insults, Tweeting and lies is​ that we as a country are starting to become numb to it all.  We can't let that happen, he has to be held accountable.  I don't buy let Trump be Trump, it doesn't solve anything.
 Historians will have a field day when this administration is done. Hard to know if any of it is true but plenty has already been reported in the news it's hard not to see some truth to it.
 Interesting read, filled with tidbits about the disarray since day one of the Trump administration.
 Great insight into the day-to-day operations in this White House and the president.  Even if you love this administration, this book offers great insight into how crazy a White House can be, even when experienced people run it.
 Was really excited about this at first.  A look inside the white house from an unbiased point of view? Cool!  Then I found out the Author embellished or just made up facts and happenings.  Haven't been able to pick it up since.
 Very informing a d intertaining
 Brilliant expose of the White House under Trump
 Just as I thought.
 Not exactly “great literature” or writing but a fun dishy read, satisfying if you’re frustrated with current events
 Interesting read. Not completely surprising but certainly interesting. I would recommend this book to anyone.
 A great page turner on the daily chaos orchestrated by Trump and reinforced by his family. This book gets to the meat of Trump, he’s crazy and definitely not the sharpest tool in the shed. Must read!!
 Great read
 Read it to find out what really happened in the WH! Great book!
 There will be many books written on President Trump.  This is one of the first. A collection of anecdotes of an unfolding story, there is nothing here to change your mind and little that you have not heard but it is an interesting read
 I love it. I actually ordered and sent it to someone else, so I'll likely never see this copy. And I obviously haven't read it. But I hate Trump, so I may order 10 more copies and send anonymously to Trump-voting relatives who make me ill. Which is pretty much all of them. My whole family.
 More secrets about Trump  need to be disclosed. I'm not aware of ANY truths he's ever stated.
 A great read even if some or all are opinions, it’s like being there, inside the wired world of Trump.
 Fire and Fury depicts the nightmare of every employee who works for a capricious tyrant: among the thinning ranks of those willing to serve, there is no one to trust, the need to pick a champion among bad choices and the feeling that one is running away through quicksand with no hope of a safe escape. Michael Wolff has deftly crafted a blow-by-blow description of the barely-elected leader of the free world as a demented Capt. Queeg on the bridge of the USS America, ignoring his navigators and first officers and terrorizing his captive passengers as he heads the ship of state between Scylla and Charybdis, undecided about which form of destruction would prefer to take down the ship.<br/><br/>The author’s previous experience in the popular press and Hollywood gossip suits him well to tell-all account of the inaugural year in the term of a playboy developer and entertainer turned accidental politician, as told to him by a clever, calculating pretender to the throne the president thinks he occupies. Wolff should be admired for employing his command of a large vocabulary, incisive analysis and nuanced, fast moving, prose, as impressive in his expressive power as his primary subject is deficient. My only reservation is that the picture the author presents may indeed be that of a calculating, unreliable narrator in Steve Bannon. This pretender to the throne Trump thinks he occupies, and others like him,  present an even greater, continuing threat to our future political stability.<br/><br/>Nonetheless, Wolff has done our country a valuable service by unmasking this humbug and the chaos he has generated at the heart of our government. In so doing, he alerts us to the fact that Trumpism, with or without its namesake. is a clear and present danger to our democracy and our very way of life.<br/>—Peter  H. Green, author Of Ben’s War with the U.S. Marines and Radio, One Woman’s Family in War and Pieces
 Not fully finished but think it is an interesting read.
 really good book
 I have to aver that this is totally bias propaganda from a left leaning journalist Michael Wolff that portrays the Trump administration in an unflattering portrayal to say the least.  Even having said this even if 25% of what is said or even for that 1% true then God help us!!!  This guy Trump is a shoot by the hip action guy who reacts first and then thinks next of the consequences.  Its not so bad when it comes to pushing legislation and domestic policy as it gets stuff done and is a refreshing brand of politics from the self serving swamp establishment status quo.  But when it comes to foreign policy it is actually a detrimental burden and could start a world war with Trump's impetuousness unchecked.<br/><br/>The book goes into fastidious detail on the comings and goings of Trump's first year in office.  Definite must read to learn about the soap opera of Bannon, Jarvanka, McMaster, Preibus and Kelly.  I swear an episode of Dynasty couldn't be more interesting than the inside scoop of the soap opera that Wolf has written.  It has gotten me interested in politics as before I had little interest.  That's one thing you have to give to Trump:  Like or Hate him he has made DC politics EXCITING and INTERESTING again!  The likes we probably have not ever seen EVER!  Maybe the JFK era but JFK wasn't a loose cannon and didn't have twitter access.<br/><br/>This book is a good buy for the price $19.99.  Like or Hate Trump, Democrat or Republican you have to read this book to get the dirt on Trump!  The biggest dirt I took from this book is that Donald Trump actually didn't want to win the 2016 election for president and that it was merely a way to gain publicity and to facilitate his creation of a new TV network on cable called the Trump Network.  No wonder Trump's administration was so slovenly unprepared in its first months of his term.  Then there was the salacious tidbit of the shameless Nikki Haley having an affair with the Donald.  The last piece of scuttlebutt I got from the book is that Steven Bannon is planning to run for President in 2020.  What a different world America would be after 2020 if Bannon wins.  Is Trump only the first of a revolution of right wing politicians coming in the future to win positions of power or just a joke to laugh about for four years?  Only time will tell.  Only wish there was information and gossip on Melania about her personality and how she feels about Trump's affairs, Jarvanka and her marriage overall.  Nothing in the book mentions anything about her except a passing reference.  I think if your going to write a Trump book then you have to at least put some information in there on what his wife is like and how she thinks and acts.  In conclusion, there is a reason this book is a best seller and deserves to be (assuming even if 10% of the insinuations and dirt inside are true).  Read this book to get the inside scoop on the blights, conflicts and drama of the Trump administration.
 Great read
 Not the best political book I've read, but far from the worse. Adds little new insight into Trump but scary profile of Bannon.
 Just confirmed the tragedy of who we elected to lead this nation....
 I haven't finished reading, but pretty much what I had expected. Still interesting reading. Can't wait to finish reading.
 This book was a little over the top, a great writer, though! I enjoyed, raged, laughed and was angry, all at the same time.
 Great book. Author had total access. I found it humorous and demonstrative that Trump should not be the President.
 Very interesting insight to DJT and the chaos of the West Wing.
 great book- about terrible guy, God save us all!
 What a great read. POTUS can tey to claim its all lies but he claims anything not said by him is a lie and we KNOW everything said by him IS a lie. So he's the proverbial "boy who cried wolf"
 Intriguing! You probably hate this president as much as I do but his idiocy makes for a damn good read!
 Totally interesting.
 Haven't finished reading it all yet, but so far it's nothing that would seem out of the ordinary for this administration. 4 stars only for the numerous grammatical errors I've noticed thus far, although this may be because it was rushed. Also purchased because Trump tried to stop it. Sorry Trump, 1st amendment *trumps* your whining. (See what I did there?)
 Don't let the far right spin machine fool you, this is an excellent book about the first year inside the White House of the  mad-man elected by red state America
 interesting reading but did not change my opinion on any political matter .... entertaining the most i can say
 Yeah, this is quite good
 entertaining read. has served as a view of the coming attractions of a dangerous farce.
 A must read for either party.
 Really enjoyed the insider look at the chaos and wish someone was still there keeping us informed
 This book Is a cause for much thought and discussion.
 Well-written book. Glad that I purchased this revealing book.<br/>Sad truth is exposed.
 He is a  racist! Worse than described. What has the country come to?
 keep on starting to read it but it's just not holding my attention
 Excitingly good! To know what was truly happening behind the White House doors was amazing. I don't know which Michael Wolff words weren't true, as some say...but it was very salacious indeed
 No surprise to me Donald Trump is unfit to be president and the people around him would be far from "the best people", but the level of Trump's childish incompetence and the chaos inside the White House shocks even me.  Certainly an eye-opening and entertaining read even if taken with a grain of salt.
 A penetrating look at inside the Trump Whitehouse. Many of Wolff’s reports have subsequently been confirmed.
 Very entertaining reading
 Great read!
 Michael Wolff's writing style is condensed, summative and not really in the format of a history book or strict journalism text but designed to give an overview with explicit examples and comments. I would say this reads like each chapter is a lengthy Vanity Fair article. I would have liked to have seen more direct quotes from the various people he interacted with, but the ones in the book are desultory, vivid and sometimes laugh out loud funny. The story and people he discusses are in the news quite often along with the scandals, so the back story to many of these provides a shocking and wild portrait of dangerously stupid back stabbers, Brown Nosers, amateurs and stunningly idiotic individuals running amok in the West Wing.  In a few places in the book I did feel compelled to look up a few names and when I did so I had a better idea of the narrative.  There is a sense of Lewis Carroll and as a reader you enter the rabbit hole (a point the author made)  of the chaos that attended the first 100 days and beyond in the Trump version of the Executive Office.  I think the author focused so much on Jared and Ivanka since they decided to be so, let's say, busy at doing government as like a job.  I really had no idea about Jared and Ivanka and was quite amazed at their behavior. I thought the book would have more information about Bannon but since he is such a reticent figure I imagine he will write something, someday about his experiences, I think this book opened that door very wide for that event. This book also does describe some alarming behavior and warning signs of various possible disorders in Donald Trump's schema.  I personally would leave that diagnosis to a competent psychiatrist.  Like anyone else I'm thankful to put down the book and imagine the rest of the world:  Shift my focus to happier and more healthy topics.  If you are curious about the Trump administration's first year in office, this is a fun book to read.
 This book confirmed everything I would have expected of Mr. Trump.  Bannon is much smarter than he appears to be.
 I believe it. Lol
 The details in this book are what make it so good. Although I knew most of the topics and information; the extra detail Wolff includes are the most deleterious sections giving that little extra glimpse into a very ineffective, ill-equipped, uncouth, inexperienced, disrespectful and dare I say, most Un-American admiration EVER! Mr. Wolff congrats on your best seller!
 This book is less about reporting new things that haven't been previously touched on by the press, but about bringing it all together in a ?cohesive? picture (not sure that is an appropriate word to associate with the Trump White House!  The exception might be that it provided new insights into the mind of Steve Bannon -- we all had a pretty good idea of him based on the available material, but this book filled in some gaps concerning his pervasive influence on the way things were going in the White House.  I found the "Artful Menace" description of him to be well supported in the book.<br/>My hope our President and his Family will use the images in this book as a basis for self-examination and as a catalyst for their change of behavior.  I found it to be well written without sensationalism beyond the reality.
 Speaks the Truth We All Know...He Needs To Be Impeached and Jailed.
 A fun romp through a dumpster fire of an administration. Learn all about the curious hairdo, and other weird habits of your favorite misogynistic, cheeseburger-loving, old racist POS.
 I think this is a very fair summary of Trump- while not painting a very good image, it made some points that made me have a tiny bit of sympathy for the idea that he never actually thought he would win and was counting on the campaign to just promote his business. That is a poor reason to run for president but more fool us for allowing him to get elected. I feel like I have a better understanding of how and why things have unfolded the way they have, although it is truly frightening to think how we will manage the next 3 years...God help us if it turns into 8!
 If this portrayal is half correct we have a dangerous president. The expose to the inner WhiteHouse is revealing, but I don't see us coed ting the problem. A clueless inexperienced idiot can take over the country, but we are not alone. Turkey, Russia, N Korea are the same. The book is interesting, but I see no resolution anywhere
 Pretty fast moving.  Definitely gives an inside view does a good job of explaining this cast of weirdos.  Who was in what camp etc.  behind the scenes look at an incredible mess
 By the time it took the author to interview all the persons involved, transcribe their statements into a readable text, and then have the book published the news is no longer 'new'.  As a political 'junkie' there was very little that I read that was noteworthy.  This is the man, Trump, who I have studied with dismay over the past two years, this is the circus of people he has surrounded himself with and these are the abhorrent actions they have taken.  If you have lived in a cave or under your bed for the past year, this is revelatory.  If not, it is simply a history book of recent actions...............
 Fascinating read. A real page-turner. I haven't been impressed with his interviews, but he's a very good writer.
 I haven't finished it.  The book is very hard gong and quite boring.  Doesn't say anything that we don't already know.  I thought that it would shed some light on how Trump managed to get elected, but am still as puzzled as ever.  I'm sorry I bought this book.
 Love this book. Buy it!
 There’s not much here we have not heard, but the narrative is great. Also, I wanted to help get this on the best seller’s list, as everyone should see what a stable genius this man is.
 Interesting book to get a glimpse of what is happening in WhiteHouse
 Just delicious fun. If you love Steve Bannin, then this book is not for you.
 Interesting--although I have decided he is "laughing all the way to the bank" with this tell-all!
 I loved this book.  I feel I learned<br/>a great deal about how our government<br/>is now being run.  It is very well written<br/>and is fun to read even though it deals<br/>with very important subjects.
 I found the book very interesting and have me more perspective about what is going on in the White House.
 Entertaining.... elect a child with far too much 'past' and 'baggage' and this is what you get
 great book
 Plodding read fails to make critical connections in it's data and bounces all over rather than follow a timeline. The info is good just hard to obtain
 ....and many of us thought, it couldn't be that bad.  WRONG!  He has confirmed our most frightening thoughts.
 The book confirms most of what one has already read about Trump and his White House but placed that insight in a fresh context with first hand evidence. It tells a fascinating story and is very readable.
 More details provided than on TV. Well-written. Non-sensationalized.
 Like the wizard of Oz, it's good to see the truth behind the curtain
 This is a long book. It could have been delivered in 1/2 the text. There were man times that I closed the book, and thinking that I would not continue. The only thing that made me return, were the facts and many conversations throughout .
 I am looking forward to reading more from this author in the future. Good too see the truth behind the façade.
 Interesting to hear more of the inside story of what goes on in the Trump Whitehouse.
 Good gossip
 After reading this most disturbing book, we should pray that we elect a President who will strive to “make America Sane again!”  It seems that the current administration should use this slogan: by the Trumps, for the Trumps.
 wow
 Fantastic account by a highly credible journalist.
 Interesting and insightful tidbits that broaden our understanding of the various characters who are playing government in the White House.
 I was surprised to find in reading "Fire and Fury" - Michael Wolff's seventh book (I haven't read any of his others), that it was not the lurid secrets revealed that intrigued me most (they were old news by the time I got my back-ordered copy) nor the "behind the scenes" descriptions of "what really goes on in the White House" that I found to be the most remarkable element of the book, but rather it was the unusual run-on sentences with thoughts streaming in out of the blue, accompanied by a higher density by far of punctuation marks per word per page than other books I was reading at the time, e.g. "Leonardo", by Walter Isaacson, so different that I thought I would write this review (posted on both Amazon and LibraryThing using a similar style throughout to give you an idea of what you will frequently encounter should you decide to read it.  Of course, I could just reproduce a sentence or two, and in fact, I do that in the paragraph immediately below, but a few sentences, standing alone in a rather twisted weave, does not convey the same effect as a books-worth, and if you doubt my words, you may wish to stop at a bookstore and leaf through some random pages, or even easier, go to Amazon's review page and take a look at some of the "Look Inside" material.<br/><br/>Here's Wolff, beginning page 161, bottom paragraph:<br/><br/>For Breitbart, the House rebellion and transformation that had driven the former Speaker, John Boehner, from office, and which, plausibly, was set to remake the House into the center of the new radical Republicanism had been halted by Ryan's selection as Speaker.  Mitt Romney's running mate, and a figure who had merged a conservative fiscal wonkishness - he had been chairman of the House Ways and Means committee -with an old-fashioned idea of unassailable Republican rectitude, Ryan was the official last, best hope of the Republican Party. (Bannon, typically, had turned this trope into an official Trumpist talking point: "Ryan was created in a petri dish at the Heritage Foundation.")<br/><br/>(Want more? try bottom of page 144 and just continue until....)<br/><br/>Too often, I had to stop and go back to re-read, searching for the elusive main thought that had somehow escaped me, and coming away feeling I was reading a first draft, something rushed to take advantage of a marketing window (though whether that was the case or not I had no idea), and while this became the main negative of this book for me, it was not alone.  I'm certainly no prude and have no issues with salty language when used in appropriate circumstances, but I thought it was overdone here; I certainly have no illusions about the level of language used in almost all organizations including the White House and a few examples make the point, but I thought it was a bit overdone(and the author even feels it necessary to clarify "repetitions" as it applies to Trump's speaking skills or lack thereof), and speaking of overdone I wondered why Wolff found it necessary to make 4 uses of "Catholic" between pages 55 and 57 in describing Bannon's background; I found that rather strange and a bit overdone.<br/><br/>There were some positives, little things mostly like the juicy bits about the Hicks-Lewandowski relationship and Bannon's (and apparently Wolff's) not too flattering assessment of Hope Hicks's abilities and then there's the frequent negative shots at Ivanka, and now I can stop having nightmares about her ever becoming POTUS, but then that was exactly the same I thought of her father two years ago.....OMG!  There was an especially funny line I hadn't heard before spoken by our President, per page 98, bottom:<br/>"They take everything I've ever said and exaggerate it," said the president in his first week in the White House during a late-night call.  "It's all exaggerated.  My exaggerations are exaggerated."<br/>Nikki Haley is compared to X in terms of her ambitions, and it's a hilarious comment - you'll have to read the book to find it (hint pg 309).  And I thought the descriptions of the first weeks in the White House were very interesting.  Not a lot that was new, but confirming my worst imaginings, somehow reading it as it actually happened was more unnerving than I thought it would be and I thought Wolff did a good job of describing the chaos that ruled and the sheer amateurism that prevailed.  So, would I recommend this book?.....you have to ask....absolutely not, I even feel my 3 star rating is overly generous and would I read a follow on book?, hell yes and don't ask me to explain why.
 A lot of the content was reported by the media. I found it disturbing. I am amazed this man is president of our country!!
 Probably a little loose with the facts in some instances but interesting to say the least.
 Mildly amusing. I knew the book was mostly BS when Wolff described the Joe and Mika show as centrist. What a joke that was. Don't waste your money. You can see the same stuff on MSNBC for free.
 A good look at the current White House and its fall from whatever glory it may have had. Some here may be hearsay or speculation, but there is enough awfulness to satisfy every soul.
 Nice look into the working of the White House and why there is so much turnover. It explains why things continue to spiral downwards for this administration.
 I didn't like the style of writing.  I read the book but have been reading many of this genre.  I prefer investigative and well written books with facts and analysis.  I didn't take this book too seriously but don't doubt that what was written was the author's impression.
 I believe EVERY WORD!
 It was ok, had already heard most of the bombshells on MSNBC. It was interesting and kept a steady pace.
 Since this book came out, and was so-often dismissed by jealous (I think) reporters, subsequent events have clearly substantiated the general correctness of its descriptions.<br/><br/>Michael Wolff was all too right and the book is still required reading....
 WOW. Im in backwards land.
 I loved the narration, and am sure to read over again in print! Superior reporting and delivery..<br/>I believed every word of it.<br/>This country's in serious trouble because most people already knew this was happening already! Where is the 25th amendment? I just read the book by 28 psychiatrists! How long do we have to suffer this fool! Need to IMPEACH!<br/>DELIVER US FROM TRUMP!  Genius...hahahahaha
 considering the shenanigans in the Whitehouse that are reported every day, this is very easy to believe.
 Could have used one more pass through editing, but an interesting read.
 An entertaining trip inside the dysfunctional Trump White House. The most amazing part is that they let Wolff hang around.
 Stepping chronologically through the first 9 months of Trump’s White House, the book informs, humors and ridicules. If you think Trump has any strategy, think again.
 I got quite a few laughs from this book; although it's no laughing matter.
 The events were amazing! Well organized book but you almost needed a dictionary on standby. The vocabulary got in the way of the narration.
 Required but tough reading...
 Found this book to be well researched and on point.
 Although many things written in the book was hard to believe. Some of it believable All and all it was a goodbook that held my attention..
 Excellent expose' of the Trump administration, with great detail of the infighting between the various factions in the white house. By the time the book was released many of the characters had already been fired or quit. Hard to stay current with all the chaos.
 I liked it alot
 Poorly written
 good book, entertaing
 The recipient loved this book, said the amount of scandalous dirt is amazing.  She couldn’t put it down.
 Finally! Someone not afraid to tell it like it is. Even with all the criticism.
 I had to swim through this to just get to an interesting. It's just a yawn. It feels like the author was so excited to tell a story, but the words just got in the way of it.
 Wolff paints a picture of a White House in chaos with a temperamental, ill-informed and only semi-literate POTUS at the helm. Fire and Fury is a must-read for its insider's peek into a volatile West Wing.
 Nothing in this book was surprising, but it was a handy reminder of all of the goody things that have happened in the past year in the trump administration.
 This book is interesting and hard to put down. But,  I found myself wondering if it was more truth or fiction.  It was difficult to follow at times, even if you are a religious follower of politics and current events.  However you view the politics, all in all, the book is a good read.
 This is a part of history, that future generations will still be talking about.
 Next step - film adaptation. This needs to be made into a docudrama ASAP. It would be absolutely delicious if Alec Baldwin provided narration. Considering the yuuuge tantrum Cheetolini is throwing about this book, it should be completely head exploding for him to see it turned into a film. First amendment, Trumplethinskin - read it and weep.
 Odd that I'm giving 5 stars to a book about the worst president in the history of our nation.
 A must read, whether you are a Trump supporter or not.  Raises some really interesting questions.
 Really enjoyed this book.  Well written.  Very informative and frightening to see how out of control and incompetent the entire White House is.
 This book gave me a possible window into the Trump administration. I truly hope the administration isn't a dysfunctional as it is betrayed in the book.
 Excellent writing. It would be frightening enough if it were only 50 percent factual, but I fear it is more than that.
 Good and fast read...backstory helps with understanding the three factions leaking their attacks on each other.
 It is like having a T V episode  of<br/>" Person of Interest " camera following everyone's movements. Very enlightening!
 Slow read. Has a lot of information. Gave it as a gift &amp; she liked it.
 Great book
 Not a perfect book but it surely pulls back the curtains on a more than arguably deranged man who does not belong in the White House or even near it! An IMPORTANT book, indeed!
 If Donald Trump were a fictional character in Fire and Fury (and oh, how I wish he were), he would not be the evil villain, plotting to take down the world. Rather, he would be an accidental and self-absorbed bumbler on the world stage, never hoping or even expecting to ascend to the presidency. And therein lies the tragedy.<br/><br/>Donald Trump ran for one reason and for one reason only: to build his brand and to position himself as the most famous person on earth (the antithesis of Crooked Hillary). No one, least of all Trump, (with the exception of Steve Bannon), expected a victory.  Hence, no one prepared.  If you’re wondering – as I have – why easy targets like Flynn and Manafort were around, the answer is simple: Trump never vetted anyone because he never expected that he’d need to.<br/><br/>In the void left by a disinterested commander in chief, three forces combat to win the soul of the presidency: Steve Bannon who is a proponent of anarchy – tearing down everything and then rebuilding…Rance Preibus, the voice of traditional Republicans…and Javanka, otherwise known as Jared and Ivanka, who, given their druthers, would push their relative into becoming a Rockefeller Democrat. In the push-pull that follows, an atmosphere of extreme distrust follows as each of these factions leaks on the other two.<br/><br/>Yet the one who is most effective in getting to Trump is Ivanka, who learned the formula at an early age: do not befuddle him with data and PowerPoint presentations, use emotive visuals whenever possible, and flatter his wisdom. The Syria bombing following the internal chemical attack? Ivanka showed her father photos of the victims, which spurred him to act, in ways that the others could not make him do.<br/><br/>Trump is a weasly fellow, disloyal to everyone in his life (including Javanka), possessing just the shell of a marriage, likely having an affair with one of his underlings, unable to focus, and totally uninterested in anything that doesn’t directly affect himself and his brand. He is the self-professed billionaire who can’t read a balance sheet, the champion of Christianity who has broken just about every commandment, the fair-weather friend, and the most unlikely occupant the White House has ever seen.<br/><br/>I closed this book amazed that in the past year, our government has functioned at all under his “leadership.” And I continue to be dismayed that America has lost its way, preferring charismatic celebrities to perhaps boring but eminently qualified candidates who actually have given deep thought to our myriad of problems.<br/><br/>Don’t choose this book expecting to find a Doris Goodwin or Jon Meacham meticulous analysis of Trump and his misadventures, or even any answers to whether he colluded with Russia or not. Do select it if you are seeking sometimes salubrious and often spot-on psychological insights into the saddest chapter ever of American politics
 Verifies everything you guessed was going on in the Whitehouse
 A good story, well told. While probably not 100% accurate, it mostly rings true. It leaves you wondering if our country can survive all this.
 One of the most interesting books I have ever read.  MICHAEL Wolff has figured out the real Trump.
 It's a page turner. It's amazing that the white house allowed a reporter such intimate and free access.
 Riveting!
 I know the writer is of dubious credibility, but so much of what we read in this book is corroborated independently.<br/><br/>The era of the Trump administration will go down in history as a turning point for America, one way or another. I read the book. I didn't enjoy one word of it. But I know it's important to get to the meat of the matter.<br/><br/>The fact that Wolff had the access he had for as long as he had it is a testament to the stupidity/naivete of this administration. They're amateurs from the top to the very very stupid bottom.
 Interesting so far. Can't wait until I get to the good stuff.
 It is readily apparent that the author LOVES AMERICA and wants to help President Trump Make America Great Again. Very easy to see the true<br/> agenda behind this book of lies.
 Unfortunately, I already heard all the most interesting parts on TV. Found the book boring otherwise.
 A fascinating look behind the scenes of the current White House.
 While I think everyone who wants a full perspective on the administration should read this, the text itself definitely could have used another round of editing. Despite that, a fascinating and quick read that will leave you with nightmares.
 Scariest book I ever read. It was well written.
 Great book written from unfiltered access.
 Intereding. Will never win awards, I'd interesting yhough. If only half is true, our country is in a scary position.
 THE BOOK IS VERY INTERESTING, AND I BOUGHT IT AT A REASONABLE PRICE.
 The book was definitely entertaining. There were several typos, and certain assertions seem questionable. My recommendation is to read it, if you are able to take much of it with a grain of salt.
 Doesn’t disappoint. And a quick, easy read. Michael Wolff is a great writer and can really turn a phrase and capture the moment.
 Seems balanced, good review by writer I respect.<br/>Unfortunately the people who should read the book won’t or can’t
 Good book but the writing style is not that great. However, it is a very good read.
 A hardcore review of reality that begs for the next chapter. But it is hoped that updates will be delivered with considerably better editing of the writing.
 Can’t make this kind of stuff up!  Hard to believe the White House would have given the author this level of access, but the words wring true.  Explains how and why the WH leaks as it does.
 I love this book!
 Shows the chaos and slam-bam of present "admistration. Wolff shows it like it is.
 An interesting read with possible insight into what's behind the mystery of this administration.
 Enjoyed the book and just got it for my son on Kindle.
 like so many others I decided to buy this book because our like, really smart president tried to keep it from being published. Frightening read so far, might be a fun book if it wasn’t true.
 It is great gossip but perhaps not great literature.
 A good view of a dysfunctional White House.
 Excellent insight into what is going on in the white house. It is pretty scary.  God help us.
 Waited weeks to get this book, and wished I'd never ordered it at all.  Tedious reading, nothing really new, and I wondered if Michael Wolff was ever acquainted with the sentiment, "Keep it simple......Stupid!!"
 It's written with the eviscerating tone and candor of a 9 year old girl talking about you behind your back, but with the voice of a professional journalist. 1A
 The whole truth and nothing but the truth. A very good story about the beginning of the 45th presidents term. You can not make this stuff up
 Great book, fascinating read although a lot of it was not unexpected.
 outstanding book and tells the truth about the chaos in the trump wh.
 If only 10% turns out true, we owe Michael Wolff a deep thanks.
 I love the book 📚 it has a lot of information about the Trump administration and how chaotic this administration is.
 Great to connect the dots of the first year but nothing especially new or revelatory. A bit gossipy at times and often you question the legitimacy of the author but a fun read regardless.
 This book was disappointing. Not nearly as exciting as people made it out to be. Why it sold like it did is beyond me. You want a really good book, read 'The Dangerous Case of Donald Trump'. THAT was a good book.
 White House drama at the highest level in child-like fashion.  Crazy.  Backstabbing, staff division, chaos, manipulation, and succumbing to the president. Unbelievable.
 The book gave me anxiety. Haha. It is hard to read.
 I’m a hard 5 star grader.  Compelling but vocab was grandiose to say the least.  Also what a mess.  It’s pretty epic and certainly worth the read.
 I did not vote for Trump but I wanted to know what other people that were close to him really thought.  I thought it was a great book but I actually ended up feeling sorry for our president! It brings the Whitehouse to life and made me think he is just a puppet that is believing people will eventually like him.so pathetic.
 Funny, but scary since it’s real life. It’s terrifying that this moron is in charge of anything.
 Was a interesting read . More like a gossip magazine than a historical account . I enjoyed it .
 This book is good, you will learn a lot of things you could not imagine were done
 Let the truth be told, need I say more.
 It was a very easy and interesting read. This book makes me a little afraid of what and who we put in office. It is more of a reality show.
 Excellent book.  Well written.
 For the most part good but watching the news especially evening cable tends to give light on some of the enlightenment of the of the book so in some cases no surprise in particular information.
 Read it quickly - a month in Trumpian politics is a lifetime and a lot has changed since the book's publication. Gives good insights into the  man's psychological  makeup and doesn't leave you with the impression that there's a firm hand at the tiller!
 I enjoyed the intelligent writing, the honest, humorous descriptions of events touched on in the news.  A “fly on the wall” perspective into the Trump White House circus.<br/>Thank you!
 Enjoying reading this!
 This is an excellent book.
 Great look at a truly dysfunctional group of ugly Americans.
 How long can our country survive this monster Trump? Robert Mueller should conclude soon or he might start a war!!
 This is an intriguing book about the mess we currently find ourselves in, and how in the world something so unfathomable could have happened to our country. The most prominent take-away for me was the often-speculated theory that this bid for the presidency was never intended to be a serious endeavor, (one wonders how it possibly could have been, all things considered, frankly), but was, instead, designed to make some sketchy, ill-defined point, and to "build his brand", which is partly why his wife supposedly refuses to live in the White House. The speculation has been that she considers the White House too old and shabby, not grand enough, with this book underscoring the point that she never signed up for the duties of being a political wife in general, first lady in particular, have any aspirations towards that end, nor does she have any interest in or enthusiasm for the position. More specifically, neither did he.  Apparently, according to this book, it was his plan to lose and then create this huge display of divisiveness, loud criticism, and back-seat driving, much like he tried to do during the Obama administration, coupled with a big, distracting, posturing, loud, chest thumping, blustering show of demanding a baseless "crooked Killery" vote recount due to baseless accusations against her team of voter fraud, which he was, according to this book, already positioning himself to do until he, contrary to his plan, accidentally won, which he apparently had no genuine interest in doing. Reflecting upon his campaign, including the debates, it seems plausible that he committed many acts of self-sabotage towards that end. It never really occurred to me that the wounds were intentional, although there was never any doubt that they were self-inflicted. This book holds many interesting theories that make about as much sense as anything else these days.
 The book captures the essence of the man and is a road map to the events of today. Wolf's description is proving to be 100 percent on target!
 Great book !
 This book illustrates what a total incompetent, illiterate idiot Der Drumpf (that's what I call him) is.  Enjoyable yet scary reading.  Need to Impeach!
 I felt like I had a seat inside the Whitehouse, watching and listening to the utter chaos and ill will. I used to be proud of our system, but Trump, Bannon and whoever will follow will further prove that the system is only as good as the ethics of the people in running it. So sad!
 Boring. I have not finished this book, and may not. I stopped reading because it was dull with no new facts. If it were not for they hype, I probably would not have read the book.
 Nothing new, but a good bit of background on the crazy situation in the White House.
 In spite of the enormous hype attached to this book; it's not very good for the most part. Some good scenes and anecdotes but generally mediocrly written and even boring in places.
 How did we end up in this mess?
 This book is extremely interesting, informative and well written
 Interesting insight as to what may be going on in the White House.
 Excellent description of what we have seen coming out of the White House.  Accurate premonition of events that have occurred since the book was published.
 Thanks for the great book suggestion DT.  I havent stopped laughing yet!  Laughing In horror, but still laughing all the same.
 Great for gossip, and lots of truths in it. The stories are bearing fruit.
 Great book. Really puts Trumps behavior into context. Highly recommended.
 Enjoyed reading this book.  Well written and insightful.
 After reading the excerpts Thursday morning, I preordered immediately. The sudden crush of interest resulted in the early release yesterday, and frankly I haven’t been able to put this book down.<br/><br/>Years from now, this book will serve as the prologue to the real story - how the nation finally would end its celebrity-as-President experiment. Can’t wait for that chapter.
 Good insight on the historical mess we are in.
 Great read, very insightful and interesting. Recommend to all parties.
 great book - finished in 2 days!
 They speak exactly how you'd envision it.  The needle that threads what we see on the news and what we know goes on in our minds<br/><br/>Great read and commentary
 Most of us know while this probably isn't 100% factual, it's more factual than the things that come out of Trump and Huckabee-Sanders' mouths. A fun little read to further enforce 65% of American's perception of his lack of intelligence, empathy, presidential qualifications, integrity, and a professional hairstylist. Purchase this and troll the troll-in-chief!
 tells the truth about the bum
 Good read
 Very interesting look at a person that should’ve never been elected.
 Great book and I believe an accurate representation of this white house
 Well written and alot of information here. Now wonder why Trump hates it.
 I bought it on a whim when I first heard about it, since everyone seemed to be making a big deal about it. Good to know these things.
 A must read about dysfunction and resulting grim results<br/>that will certainly continue if the readers does not speak up and act wisely. This book gives you information to move forward with friends, neighbors, local leaders and state leaders. This book gives you a sound, not shrill, voice.
 This was an interesting read and I truly believe 80% of this material is true which leaves me shaking my head.
 Very interesting book.
 An expose that states what most of us knew all along. DT called this a work of fiction, but I remember him stating that the father of Ted Cruz was complicit in the assassination of JFK.
 Wow 😲 what a book and Amazon delivered it  quickly. TY
 If I could only be a fly on the wall at the oval office for just one day I could actually verify some of these things that are written in some books about Trump. I actually like Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump WH. It was peculiarly revealing in a sense that made you think, OMG, what and who is in the WH.  It actually made me fear for my life and that of generations to come.  This is not a normal situation as you will begin understand from the get go of the end of the election.  Family in the WH like it was a get together and a nasty one at that. Bannon's grandiose delusions and paranoia of different races of people.  Trump never reading memos or spread sheets and hates meetings with head officials. You will need to read the book and hope you're being told the truth because if you think things are in a bad way now by just reading Trumps tweets, you'll be surprised and maybe a bit fearful for the next 3 years if he's not impeached by then.
 Extremely wordy. Sentence structure drove me a little crazy. Have really had a difficult time maintaining my interest and I'm not a Trump fan😳
 If even half of this book is true we, have a bunch of unruly, spoiled brats, with no knowledge of legislation, running the country. After reading David Cay Johnston's, "The Making of Trump" and Tim O'Brien's, "TrumpNation", I tend to agree with Michael Wolff's account. It's hard not to.
 I lost interest after a while. Lots of spelling and grammatical errors. Some comments by the author seemed too dramatic to be true. Maybe they are. Maybe they aren't. But the lack of substance sort of caused me to question is credibility. I then wondered if I really wanted to spend the next few hours finishing the book. I put it down.
 I believe almost everything in it!
 OMG! I wish everyone would read this book. Such a revelation. Scary! You wouldn't believe how these people conduct themselves.😥😥😥
 I bought this book just to spite the stablegenius
 We have all watched much of this odd behavior over time. The book brings it all to the table as one banquet. Though we have heard and/or observed this perplexing behavior for ourselves, it is interesting to me to have some of the background, some of the other players exposed enough to see how things are interrelated.  I wasn't familiar enough with the traditionally accepted MO's of certain venues to understand the magnitude of the egregiousness. Least favorite has to do with delivery. I listened on Audible. The reader is very professional but disappointingly unengaged with the magnitude of  disclosures/observations/content. My taste as a listener begged for more expressive delivery of the content being revealed.  It wasn't bad. Just not matched well with my personal preferences for dramatic delivery..
 Fast delivery. Excellent book.
 Highly suggested.
 Great book, in which Woolf plays into Trump’s vanity. The things in here are salacious, indeed, but considering that Trump is well, Trump, the accounts appear to be very believable.
 An inside look into the chaos and disarray of an administration that didn't want to be elected.
 This book is amazing fun.
 A little too much detail but still a good read and eye opening
 Hahahahahahahahaha!  Great story about a three-ring circus with no ring leader...just a bunch of clowns!
 I hesitated on the star rating, between 3 or5 stars. I have this vision of Wolf, sitting on a sofa somewhere in the middle of the White House, watching as scenarios unfold in front of him, with pen, notebook and recorder in hand. My only hesitation in rating the book higher is because of reports I've read from what I consider to be reliable sources, about previous instances of Wolf's lack of facts checking and a rather lax means of adherence to the truth. In this instance, reputation, either good or bad, does follow the author.<br/>On the other hand, I have read other accounts of Trump's bizarre behavior, by mental health professionals who, against rules of their association, have spoken out as concerned citizens about the frightening tendencies our president displays regularly. It truly is frightening!
 The workings of a national campaign.
 My husband has read this and could hardly put it down. Several others want it, and then it's my turn!
 I love this book. It is the best written example of the nutcase we currently have in office and why we all should be scared
 Trump’s government is even more broken than I ever could imagine. I wish there were references to every statement though.
 Great gossip on Trump White House.
 wow if its all true then we are watching a house burning, morally and ethically
 Being the news nut my mother is; Bought this book for my mother and she likes it.
 It will overwhelm 2nd hand bookstore in a couple of months
 While much or even most may be true, or at least rings true - and I believe this to be among the most disastrous presidencies/administrations in history - the book reads more like a tabloid than serious journalism.
 Great representation..
 I watched Trump many years ago when he took over his family real estate business.  He displayed the same personality then is described in this book.
 great read
 Take a journey to a magical yet not-foreign-enough world where content supercedes writing quality. For those longing for a new fettish after losing hours of life to the Twilight series, welcome to a slightly new experience where glittery, brooding vampires are replaced by politicians who believe they are just as magical and swoon-worthy.<br/><br/>Take this book for what it is: a gratifying experience of affirming all you thought was probably happening leading up to, on, and beyond November 8, 2016. Totally worth the price of two Frappucinos.
 Great way to drive Trump nuts. Lt's hope se gets reports on the number of copies sold.
 Very interesting !
 Listened on Audible. Excellent product.
 Great Book and very well written! Once you start it is hard to put down.
 Bought this for my grandma because we couldn't find it in stores back home. She loved it and let me read it after. Great read.
 Amazing!  Riveting!
 Having a difficult time reading the print as the print is small and the ink is light.
 An interesting read.  The book describes  the Trump Presidency mostly from Steve Bannon's  perspective.  It describes  the chaos which exists inside the Trump Presidency,  this chaos  is seen by the American people, but described in more detail. Generally Trump loyalists will condemn this book and non Trump loyalists will believe everything that is written.  I believe the truth is somewhere in between, but my feeling us there is more correct information than incorrect information.  This book is explosive and it paints Trump as a whinning baby who must be dealt with 'kid gloves '. I feel this is inaccurate , yet it is believable.  This book won't change people's view of Trump but will describe the utter chaos which exists inside the Trump Presidency and will continue to exist throughout his term.
 Well worth the read.
 Reads like a novel.  Hard to understand how this man became president.
 Well written, makes for good reading. Cannot Judge on the facts, but assume most to be true and correctly depicted. Pity on the Americans for having chosen a president without any moral compass and any compassion with the truth. It is all very SAD (to use his own words).
 If nothing else it's funny.
 Get it. It’s kind of like being a fly on the wall in the White House.
 Great book. Hopefully it will help to get this poor excuse for a leader impeached.
 This is a good book for me to read this summer it explain how 45 is handling the office of the Presidency of the United States  with the help of his friends and family .
 Several books on the market but this one is the entertainment - seeing from a fly on the wall perspective.
 Kind of gossipy...and as good gossip it is entertaining.....Makes me wonder if Angela Merkel, Putin, Maduro, etc, read it
 It’s an interesting read or listen.
 Like a masterpiece painting, if you stand close and dissect the details you may find faults.  But step back and observe the picture in full, you'll see everything rings true and real.  SAD!
 Basically this Administration is as insane as one would think.
 The book revealed that the worst that had been whispered about this White House is probably all true. There isn't much more to Trump than what you see. The chaos and incompetence is real.
 I'm normally not someone who likes to read about politics or those involved in politics. However, I decided to give this book a chance and have to say I was totally engrossed from beginning to end!
 A fast read that fills in some of the blanks of today's news on the subject. Worth the read if you are not a Fox viewer - since you will have an open mind and things will make sense for you.
 Scathing expose of the Trump adminstration’s first 100 days. Those of us who have been following along in the news will recognize the truth in these pages, although there is plenty of new info (much of which made me literally gasp in astonishment) guaranteed to astound. The audible book was well-read, the actor breathing life into all the voices he had to capture. It was a fast and fun and utterly scandalous delight. Highly recommend!
 Wolff has definitely done the legwork to bring behind the scenes Whit House into full view.  The book is well written and easy to follow.
 Wow
 I was really anxious for some anit-trump dirt, but this isn't terribly well written. I think it's main selling point is that it caters to popular dislike of trump.
 Shows what kind of person we really have in the White House, and that no one really expected him to win. Truly makes you reconsider the saying that anyone can grow up to be President.
 Well, it was new what do you expect!
 BOGUS POTUS is pathetic. He is a no brainer. The book is well written. Try and borrow a copy instead of buying.<br/>You can have mine if you call before I burn it.
 Purchased the book solely  since the current resident of the White House wanted to stop it from being published. Much of it  reads like what we see and hear in the news. Wolff is a so so writer.
 Paints a very clear picture of how I imagined the White House to be!
 Very compelling reading, one thhat simply underscores the news I've been reading about Donald Trump.
 Substantively it is an interesting, not to mention disturbing window on the feckless Trump White House but the poor editing and compulsion towards obscure vocabulary renders it a somewhat annoying read.
 everyone knew this already, but it is going to make you hate Trump.
 Great reading!  Helps make the situation in the Whitehouse more clear.......yet  ....sad!  LOL
 Book is excellent... Now for those of you that have been engaged with the drama surrounding this President and his so-called administration, there won’t be too many surprises then for you..  Basically, if you been reading headlines and stories, and watching any of the 24 hour news networks (Excluding Fox) then you’re probably familiar with much of what the book dives into..  That’s not saying it still would not be an interesting read, as you do get some more interesting background information regarding some of these stories you’re already familiar with .. For those that have not been engaged much, it’s a must read!  After reading this book the entire weekend and finishing it midday yesterday, I’m still left with the same question I had.. How did we let this happen?!?  How are so many people gullible enough to vote for Trump? Trump is nothing more than a sideshow carnival barker, a used car salesman.. Yet he had, and still does have a base that refuses to acknowledge reality.. Unshaken support from a base that refuses to see him for what he is..
 Wonderful read!  Show just how confused the President and his White is!
 The first of probably many books dealing with President Trump and his White House. Be ahead of the curve and read this book!
 Really no surprises still like reading “The Twilight Zone”
 I liked the insight into the personality of Trump.  Now the daily revelations have context and help us understand the lack of content.
 Pretty good book.  I enjoyed reading it.
 Nothing new here. Trump world is totally dysfunctional as evidenced by his childish tweets and nonpresidential behavior. The hype was just to sell more books.
 It’s wonderful, all about the despicable traitor to our country, who is president. Can’t wait for him to go to jail or be thrown out of our country’s home, the White House.
 I enjoyed the book, it was stuff I had already read.  Plenty of typos
 Fun reading.  Enjoyed the book. Glad with the purchase.
 Nothing new.  I knew he was a peace of work and have for fifty years.
 I dislike Donald Trump so much I just had to buy the book and keep it on the best seller list.
 Interesting Book.
 Terrifying to think this is how our current administration operates.  Reads a bit like a gossip rag.
 Wasn't much in there that I didn't  already read somewhere else. When all the information you  know (unfortunately) is published together in book form it truly is sickening......
 Loved it! Helps explain a lot of weird decisions that were made by this administration.
 Far too many compound sentences that try to say too much.  Technical reviewers should have helped author break these long sentences into more smaller sentences.
 Thanks
 I’m excited - best $ I’ve spent in a long while.
 An excellent inside look into the greatest criminal enterprise EVER in American history. I hope Mr. Mueller read every page...
 I could not complete the book.  It did not hold my attention.
 I think the book is fine but hate the jerk it is written about so much it is difficult to read
 It's probably too one sided, but I love reading the "inside story" on Trump, so....
 Putin's president
 This book gives some insight into the craziness otherwise known as the Trump presidency.  Never a dull moment is an understatement, to say the least, although, anyone who follows politics, already knows.
 Great Book! This author puts you right there in the messy thick of things.
 Amazing journalism were he is careful to only tell what he has heard or overheard .
 Interesting.
 Mr. President, DO NOT TRY TO TELL me what I can and can't read. This is not a police state!
 What can I say... interesting.
 Bought for my sister-in-law. Don't know if she has finished reading it, but she was looking forward to it. She likes what she has read so far.
 Very interesting inside information. Only criticism is book feels like it was written in a rush, but overall would purchase again.
 Tells the truth but reading slowly since it brings up negative feelings
 Haven’t read something this good since I read All of the Presidents Men and The Final Days 30 years ago.  I hope the sequel to this has a similar feel to Woodward and Bernstein’s follow up.
 Great Book!! Great Seller!!
 Every American citizen should read this book!
 I am by means no fan of Donald Trump but this book reads like a long version of the National Enquirer.  I honestly stopped about 1/3 of the way through and haven't picked it up again.
 With this kind of book as well as so many coming out on politics and politicians at this time, I research the author before I decide to purchase a book.  I wasn't disappointed!
 Everyone needs to read or listen to this book
 What a wonderful review of what is really going on to our otherwise wonderful country.  How did we get into this mess?
 Typos aside, this was an entertaining book, and the stories told in this book jibe with what has been widely reported about Donald Trump.
 How on earth did this book make it to publication with so many proofreading errors?  It really takes away from the content of the book.
 About time this was in print...but definitely not anything any more shocking than I already knew.
 Extremely informative and enlightening to an outsider attempting to learn about many of the key figures Inside the Trump White House and West wing. Just read for people who cares about our great nation.
 The book flows very easily and is very well put together. A touch of humor and irony by the author makes for a better digestion of such horrible content. Very sad, incomprehensible, unfair; that the most important seat in the world is currently occupied by a megalomaniac, ignorant, incompetent clown. Sad and unfair that the position once occupied by men of the stature of Abraham Lincoln, T. Roosevelt, Harry Truman, Woodrow Wilson, Eisenhower; JFK; and more recently Ronald Reagan, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama has now been handed to an ape with the attention span of a toddler; who is surrounded by family and friends with no valid credentials to hold public office. Incomprehensible that this man's voter base still defend him.<br/>Trump is not a republican; he is not a democrat nor independent. He only follows the ideology he thinks is momentarily good for business and can help him reach his goal. He decided to side with the republican party because, as he had previously mentioned, republicans believe whatever you tell them. And republicans are amongst the groups of people that better respond to demagogic discourse. He basically told them what they wanted to hear and promised many unrealistic feats  with no real argument on how he was going to achieve them. All of that crap about America first, the wall, muslim ban etc., are part of Bannon's agenda.<br/>The contents of this book should be taught in schools so future generations learn and avoid our mistakes; and maybe help us recover our dignity as society.
 Superb read, great price, fast delivery
 Too much hype but a few really interesting points.  Worth reading for the good bits.
 It was nice to read an author that has such a good command of vocabulary
 Starts slow but gets interesting. How much is true and how much exaggerating is involved is hard to say
 The quality of the writing is really underwhelming. Wolff is also not the most reliable narrator so everything he says has to be taken with a grain of salt. It will be forgotten to history but is relevant and important right now.
 If you love Trump you will not like the portrayal of Trump in this book. If you are not a Trump fan, then this book will probably reinforce your feelings.
 Very interesting!
 I enjoyed reading this book, I recommend it to all Americans.
 This is a great book about total chaos, incompetence and corruption of the office of the president. It describes a very sad time for our country.
 Great book about a very depressing individual. Item arrived on time.
 Wolfe wrote in long, sometimes hard to follow sentences but I found it informative.
 Great read thoroughly enjoyed it.
 It would be extremely entertaining if it were what's happening in real life...
 Not at all surprised.
 Worth every penny.
 If you are an anti-Trump person, this book will reinforce your belief that the man is not fit for the Presidency. If you support the President, you will just call this fake news. While an entertaining read, I found that the editing (or lack thereof) limited my appreciation for this narrative...I mean goofing pubic for public not once, but twice?!?! Still, the chaos of the White House cannot be denied and this book adds some detail to the craziness.
 Great Book about 45.  Everything we have witness in the News.
 It was great insight as to how much chaosTrump has caused and rins his presidency.
 A sad commentary on the state of American politics.  Is there no one who can stop the bleeding?  Is this the beginning of the end for our great country?
 Loved this book
 Interesting book.
 Amazing, terrible position for our Country!
 The research in this book is amazing but it could have used better editing.
 Interesting book!
 An interesting, informative and eye-opening read. This behind the scenes look provided much needed continuity of what has been going on with Trump's administration. Unfortunately, the story is unfinished. Can't wait for the end!
 Everyone should read this book immediately, before someone changes the libel laws. It's not just a hit piece on Trump, although it is that. It's a swipe at the reportage-for-access political media we have to endure, and no small reminder that POTUS44 was not exactly an effective guy (even if he was smart and generally swell, he's not the saint he tends to get painted as). Politics in the US are presented to us on a simplistic level that a bright child could understand -- as good vs evil, truth vs lies--this book is a reminder that people have agendas and all those names you know are beholden to, or loyal to, somebody else whose name you might not know. Yet.
 The book is one person's observations. Depending on whether you abhor Trump as President, it confirms your opinion. If not, you won't read it anyway.
 Good read- puts the story into a believable context of how such a horrible man functions in the highest office in the land
 Difficult to differentiate between fact and fiction, between personal opinions of author and the actuality of situations...its always a bit presumptuous to proport to read the thought processes of others...so much of this book is unsubstantiated but...a good read if you take it for what it is, a "tale of our times" with lots of blurred lines!
 As described. Prompt service.
 Exceptional!!
 Great reading on the disfunctionality in the WH and an example of a poor Commander and Chief!
 This is interesting. I would suggest you keep your dictionary handy. I have a long list of words I had to look up and I am only up to chapter 4.
 Good
 Had I confidence in knowing that President Trump had the wherewithal and skill to read anything longer than a fast food restaurant menu, I might easily accept his labeling this book as fake. The stories in this book are at once outlandish, disturbing and intriguing. So much so that I found myself having to take it in very small doses throughout.<br/><br/>The author’s claimed frame of reference is the halls and waiting areas just outside Trump’s reach. Though the book is ultimately about Trump, his reach in the book never quite touches Trump and instead is completely filtered through the revolving cast of characters working with and around Trump. This point of view makes the book even more surreal as he paints those people as being as much flawed and overwhelmed as Trump himself. This altogether gives the book the sense of taking place in an old insane asylum.<br/><br/>Within that sense is a back story about many of the events of the Trump presidency that has left me dumbfounded. The White House seems to be crazy from the outside. This story reinforces that with an even bigger story of crazy from the inside. It’s too much to explain. You have to read it to know.
 The book says it all.
 Dull, dull, ull
 Disappointed-found it disjointed, little attribution of details. Forget the index in the back of the book. Most of the info was already broadcast on MSNBC's Rachel Maddow  show.
 Great reading and insight.  Look at the current news.  Trump is nuts.
 Great book. Each page becomes revealed as true -or true enough- with each passing day
 This book is a great read, hard to put down.  I purchased it because of the publicity surrounding it.  The text starts with day one of this presidential administration, and ends with the end of Bannon's time in the White House.<br/>If Michael Wolff made these stories up, he has a wonderful imagination because some of the text is spot on.  I would recommend this book just based on the drama.
 Michael Wolff masterfully navigates through the chaos of the most dysfunctional White House in history in his book "Fire and Fury." The book is extremely juicy and almost 100% accurate, and there are in my view three major revelations:<br/><br/>1. The Air Force One meeting after the June 2016 Trump Tower/Russia meeting as depicted by Wolff is an obstruction of justice directly connected to Trump himself;<br/><br/>2. Trump's complete reliance on Kushner/Bannon to run things. Bannon is no longer there; If Kushner gets indicted the entire house of cards collapses;<br/><br/>3. Trump's rapidly deteriorating memory; Wolff's depiction is of someone suffering from Alzheimers or some form of frontotemporal lobe dementia.
 Reading this book is like watching a train wreck. You can't look away. Fairly horrifying overall but pretty well-told, even given the sensationalist, gossipy tone. Recommended, especially if you're as horrified by this so-called president as I am.
 Well written and frankly frightening portrayal of a President who is beyond incapable.
 Captured this crazy, so called President well.
 Shows what an ass we have in the White House.
 If even one half of this book is true, our country is in deep, deep trouble. It will be a long recovery from the damage the Trump administration has piled upon the American people.
 a compelling and fascinating insider account of White House personalities and their foibles.
 All this garbage that's been going on since "world Trump" started -- it's all in here and more organized.  I loved it.
 A must read if only to remind ourselves or how low we have fallen. Left, right, center and anything in between...let’s make sure we never repeat this embarrassing piece of history.
 Excellent book! The reader has a visual of being in the White House as events unfold; the scene was one of a dysfunctional administration and turf battles..
 Melodramatic, bombastic? I'm enjoying Unbelievable by Katie Tur a lot more.
 Found it very insightful not written as well as I expected. One of the few books I did not finish completely. It was kind of redundant toward the end.
 Ok maybe it’s not researched meticulously but the place is a mess. He didn’t need the cheap shot about the affair but apparently there was lots going on that wasn’t President Dennison.
 Couldn't put it down and I KNOW it's mostly true!!!
 This book is very interesting to read. It tell about Trump in White House is very telling. Good read.
 So funny that the Trump campaign was as blown away that he won.
 Very well written.  Couldn't help but be entertained.  The theater of the absurd is in the whitehouse.
 Great read. It's written like an unbelievable tale, but you've heard it all if you've paid attention this past year.
 I'm not surprised at all by anything stated in this book. Anyone with intelligence could see that this was how the administration would be from the chaos of trumps campaign. Ignorance, incompetence, and hubris, only this time ramped up to a level never seen before. Michael Wolf shines a truthful light on this administration and you know why it's a truthful light? Because Trump threatened to sue him and the publisher to keep the book from coming out.  When was the last time a sitting president did that? Excellent read!
 Candid revelations of what goes on in Trump White House.
 Interesting reading even if some of it was fabricated. I doubt much was though!!
 awesome
 I enjoyed the book, SAD!  It put some names on actions I had previously read about in the news.  It is very hard to be surprised anymore.  Read it and see what I'm talking about.
 Like potato chips you can't read just one page or one chapter- before you know it you have consumed the whole book
 Read the book and found it troubling at best.  The author's writing style and choice of chapter division was confusion. He created a hodge-podge of facts, personalities, and happenings and capitalized on the salacious nature of what he penned to sell books. I fear that some of what he wrote is true, which imbrues the very character of this nation and the principle of its politics.
 Serves as a timeline to ascertain events and the truthfulness from these 'characters'
 There are simply no words to describe this presidency and believe me, I know the best words 'cause I'm a genius--- a very stable genius at that, I'm like, very smart.<br/>I pity anyone that voted for him, how embarrassing it must be to have been so easily convinced what can be seen by the naked eye. The most disloyal and dysfunctional family is running our country. I'm optimistic that the real patriots will put their party aside and put our country first. The book exposes what we already knew, and the things others have refused to acknowledge.
 Pretty much everything in this book is coming to light with each days news. Just incredible how accurate it is.
 I give 5 stars just because, as a free American, I'll buy any damn book I want to. The book itself gets a 3 1/2 at best. While it was an enjoyable read, it was also sloppy (lots of others have mentioned the typos and missing words on the Kindle version) and shows a lack of scholarly discipline. But do I believe that this White House is such a mess that they let this guy just hang around listening to everything? Indeed I do.
 Kinda tells the world what anyone with eyes, ears, and a brain unpoisoned by Fox News already knows. But well-written and informative (the scary scary truth) nonetheless.
 Not a surprise but excellent read into the insanity!
 Great book. A interesting and fun read but boy are we in trouble.
 Very interesting, informative and scary.
 finished perfect, thanks
 In my opinion as an average voter and US citizen, this book is an overall accurate retelling of Trump's  first 9 months as President.<br/><br/>The events, controversies, rumors and news reporting of the chaos at the time of the events are organized into a narrative that injects the visceral reactions of Trump's inner circle.<br/><br/>I know Trump supporters who stopped listening to the news after Trump's election. Any negative item about him they did manage to hear was dismissed as "fake news" and a "what about Hilary?" This book can get them up to speed with the reality of the mess called the Trump Presidency.<br/><br/>If you were one the millions of people who closely followed the real news reporting this past year, you may find the book a bit anticlimactic. We know all this. We know Donald Trump and almost his entire staff have no real expertise and qualifications for their position.<br/><br/>The value of this book is putting the experience of the Trump/Bannon chaos into the historical record.
 Like being a fly on the wall. If 10% is true, we are in a lot of trouble.
 very interesting, its Trump alright
 My intention was to read this book in one sitting on a lazy Saturday, but the information was so mind blowing that I had to take breaks to wrap my mind around what I had just read.  The book reinforced what has been plainly on display about this presidency, but added unknown background that explained the why's and how's. All I can say is that I will never take any political people at face value again, and I am praying for our country every day.
 I love it! Where did I get that phrase?
 It was interesting. It confirmed what I suspected about Trump and his sycophants.
 Surprisingly well written.
 I'm sure glad this book was written
 An interesting statement, but no real meat. The key take away is; how on earth did the author get to sit on a sofa in The White House long enough to write this book. The book seems to have been overtaken by recent events, which are even more dramatic than the book.
 I liked the detail that supported the many other stories I have heard about people in the WH.  Yes, it is emotional, but it is also spontaneous and fits with the views of someone watching first hand outrageous things going on in the Executive Branch.  So glad I read it.
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading it , it confirmed everything I thought and much more ,definitely a child with golfing skills living in  the Whitehouse .
 loved the book
 Well written, obviously well sourced, and certainly has insiders wondering how they could have talked so much without considering the audience. You will be stunned.
 You need to read this now. This is the White House and Wolfe got tons of access. Very Well done.
 I was not surprised by what was in the book. We all know what a corrupt mess this administration is. The problem with the book is that the author is just not that good a writer.  And there is a lot of innuendo about stuff that he has no proof.  I dislike Trump so much is comes as a stress every day when I  get up and hear what other nonsense he has done to embarrass the country.
 And I bought it at smile.amazon.com which means a donation goes to The Nature Conservancy. Take that Trump! There's human interest, strong evidence of dementia and/or insanity, and maybe even a few new tidbits for Mueller to follow up on. Raises intriguing questions about how much Bannon will give (or maybe has already given) the prosecutors.<br/>If making Trump's day a little worse will make your day a little better, buy this book!
 It explained a lot of things that we've seen coming from the White House. I think it is more realistic than "fake". Despite some possible literary license<br/> it  is a good read.
 Very detailed chronicle of the most despicable human being ever to have been elected as POTUS. Loved the section where Melania cried on election night, with tears of sadness. Amazing that no one expected Trump to win, even him.
 Great read.......fast delivery.........
 Fast read. Absolutely believable, edge-of-your-seat-thriller.  Why is this crook still President?!
 Love it.  Great book.
 Pretty good book
 many aspects of the book have been realized<br/>NOT FAKE NEWS.  An amazing expose!!!
 I was reminded of issues that had happened so fast that I had forgotten them and moved on to the next issue. Scary to know details of our President's inability to lead our country. Must read!
 Good reading, hard expressions but the history has no yet finished, so should be come an second part of this book.
 Really enjoyed it! All the juicy bits from Trump White House &amp; specially Javanca!
 This book gives  a very convincing and detailed look at the dysfunction that is ruling the country now. I think everything Michael Wolff has written is true. America and the world has good reason to be very nervous for the future with such a madman at the helm.
 Hooooo Boy!  Even if it's not all true, it's sure an intriguing book.  Fascinating.
 If this book is to be taken seriously the values we claim to base our democracy on seems to be woefully lacking.
 Nothing new but it catalogs the foibles of the current White House nicely.
 Just read the book.  You know it's all true.  Shame on whoever voted for him.
 What can you say about this book??? Interesting reading for sure.
 love the bppk
 Good read!
 Wolff’s gripping tell-all has opened a much-needed window into the workings of the so-called Trump White House (ironically using big words that Trump himself won’t be able to understand).  Most of the stories we’ve heard before, but Wolff provides fantastic background and context and makes the terror palpable.
 Fantastic!
 Where was his editor? Badly written, clearly not well edited,l. No attribution. Interesting...if true.. .but how will we ever know?
 who knew ?
 Great book, well written.
 I breathlessly await the outcome of Trump's presidency!
 It's exactly what you think it will be, completely anecdotal.  If you support Trump, you'll hate it.  If you don't, you'll find it extremely funny.
 This was a decent read. CNN trumps it, since he's doing more and more each day.
 He used public enemy<br/><br/> He used people the U.S. does not consider to be friends to get elected.  Good book!
 The story, even as it evolves. Wolff has earned his keep with this one.
 I listened to the audio version of this book and I found it to be quite entertaining. Their were portions of the book that were funny, thought provoking and informative and serval portions that a seemed to be gibberish.<br/> The narrative was crisp and spontaneous, I was worried that the narrative might dull and monotone...but it was not...interesting information...worth the time.
 Haven't taken the time to read this book.  Busy trying to keep up with Trump's bouncing back and forth on every topic.
 This book was very well written and fascinating. It was a quick read. Yes, there were some editing errors in the Kindle version. Also, the author did add a lot of comments set off by dashes; but once I adjusted to his writing style, this was not a problem. I found this made the book more entertaining.<br/><br/>Some of what was stated in the book had been in the news. So, there were not a lot of surprises. Trump's own actions and comments support the book's veracity. I found myself oftentimes feeling sorry for Donald Trump, and other times just shaking my head. Before I read the book, I believed Jared and Ivanka were the voice(s) of reason in the White House. Now I believe the book proves that you should never hire your inexperienced family members as presidential advisors.<br/><br/>Highly recommend.
 I found this book very interesting
 This book makes clear what is going on in the Trump presidency. He never expected to be president. The infighting is also explanatory.
 This confirmed my worst fears for our country and constitution.
 Just deepened my disgust of what's been happening in our country for the last two disgraceful years. It's worth a read.
 A very interesting book and one that we all need to read - such a sorry state that this administration is....
 This is a joy and fun read! If you hate our 42 president you should read this.
 So far very well written and read.not stated as fact but the writers observations
 Looking forward to seeing how this Trump thing ends.
 I really enjoyed this book.
 Well written book. It leaves me wondering what kind of nonsense the Trump family will cause next.
 Well written and illuminating.
 I totally enjoyed this book.  It really confirmed many things for me.
 This didn't have much beyond what had already been reported in the news. This only goes a bit deeper into those new stories. Given that footage of much of the stories in here have been broadcast for the world to see, the reference to whether this information is 'true' will always be up for debate.<br/><br/>Throughout the book, I had to ask myself what seemed believable. There isn't much that will be validated until the current administration is history. Until then, this book may offer possible explanations to the points that don't add up from the news stories. I found most of the information to be plausible.<br/><br/>The biggest strike against this book was the language. Some of it can't be avoided if they are actual quotes. However, it seemed Wolff had to embellish OR the 'really smart people' really do have potty mouths. Considering some of the pre-election video clips of these people, it's not a stretch to think they talk that way.<br/><br/>Given the behavior of the players in this book haven't really denied the information, it lends some credibility. Due to the fact also that Trump won't actually take legal action against the whistle-blowers (which would require actual legal discovery) that also lends some credibility as well. The punishment directed at Bannon also suggests the info in this hit close to home.<br/><br/>In the end, as with all information, it's up to the consumer of that information to determine what floats. I would recommend reading up on logical fallacies to help weed through the news and silliness. Regardless of what's being said out there, critical thinking does help one filter out the bad data.
 Good
 This book is a quick and OBVIOUSLY interesting read.  With real life outpacing even the shocking developments in the book though, you can't help the feeling of it being almost "outdated."  By the time you adjust to the books absurdities, something else has eclipsed them in real life. Alas, that's the limitation of print - and no fault of the book itself.  What I did find was that I would have liked more on Charlottesville and the resultant aftermath: the line of demarcation it drew on even the most "fair-minded" of Trump defenders and Gen. Kelly's subsequent defense of Trump by attempting to validate the traitorous Confederate generals.  Be that as it may, if you are interested in the inner-machinations of this white house (and who isn't?) You'll find this book a must read.
 Very revealing about the Trump administration and all their missteps.
 Not suitable for children or idealists.<br/><br/>Written in a gossipy, cheap tabloid manner, but perhaps that correctly reflects the trashy and unintelligence of the subjects.<br/><br/>Felt compelled to read but was revolted by the truth portrayed.
 Confirmed many thoughts about the shenanigans inside the administration!
 I is book that rings true,  too true about #Trump.  We all need to hear the reality of a first draft of history like this account and learn for next time. If we get a next time.
 Wolff's style is highly readable.  Much in the book has previouly been discussed in The<br/>Post, NYYimes, and New Yorker, along with<br/>other publications and cable news.  Synthesizing<br/>is excellent.  Long and bizarre tale of a president's first year.
 Not what I expected.  I guess I don't know what I was expecting but both my husband and I agreed this was not a book we would recommend.  We were hoping for "more" insight.
 I'm very happy with the product and the service, thank you
 Trump was always an igotistical, obnoxious con man which was attractive to some people. But now he is clearly mentally ill, be it dementia or some other diagnosis  and should not be President. I think the book was well written, thoughtful and described the terrible situation we are in. It shows the machinations of a horribly  disturbed man, Steve  Bannon who hoped to be president behind Trump.read half last nite and will finish this morning. Why the Republican Party allows this travesty to continue is beyond comprehension.
 An entertaining and informative book. Sheds a light on Trumps mental state, and complete political incompetence. The authors gossip column style is an appropriate match for the tabloid worthy presidency.
 A good look inside the crazy world of a corrupt administration and to know that there are so many things I was right about.
 Entertaining read!  If one-tenth of the things are true, it just shows what a sleeze Trump truly is.
 Loved it. Very scary!
 Bought it to stick it to Trump.
 An absolute must read! You think you know the whole story by now, but there was a lot in Michael Wolff book that I did not know. Read it!
 Insightful in a sad way
 Wolff may just be the Herodotus of our time - get the other side view of history, gain the oral history. There is also a great deal of anthropology like description within. Sure, it's salacious, but it's facts are obvious and it is written with panache. Still reading, it is just that good. Cheers to the First Amendment and here's hoping for a new year where this national nightmare ends.
 It’s not the kind of book that’s going to change anyone’s mind or opinion.  It’s a bit too gossipy and shallow to be taken too seriously.  A bit like the President himself, I guess.
 I love this book I can’t put it down 😂 not one boring moment
 Entertaining but with all of the press around the book, very little new or surprising information.  Progressives and Never Trumpsters will find it essential reading.
 GREAT READING
 Wolff's expose' manages to accomplish something I never expected; it humanizes the central characters operating within the White House. Yes. A dash of empathy diffuses from an otherwise opportunistic lot of sycophants who possess just enough character to mitigate (as much as it is possible) a deeply disturbed narcissistic bully constitutionally incapable of learning, listening, or being serious.
 The author cannot write for toffee. Many sentences have to be re-read two or three times to understand what is being said. However, the content was most interesting and in most cases seem to have a degree of truthfulness.
 If you’ve followed the election and the coverage on tv about Trump and his administration you would think to yourself wow this is crazy stuff ! But when you read this book it’s crazier than you really think !<br/><br/>After reading the book you’ll get to see a good picture of where the country is going and it is not good at all !<br/>#Omarosa<br/><br/>All Countries need a leader who has EXPERIENCE, Calmness, Leadership, Humbleness and unfortunately Trump has none of these things instead he acts on impulse and sometimes regrets what he did later after being lectured as a child.<br/><br/>I don’t think Trump is 100% bad. I believe he wants to improve the Country and leave the presidency on a good note. However he has no idea what he is doing and it shows with daily crazy tweets and reading this book you will see it first hand how bad his presidency really is.<br/><br/>This book should be a wake up call to all Citizens of America to go and vote in 2018 and 2020 for someone who is a seasoned politician who actually cares about lower and middle class and not just the wealthy. We need a politician that unites and not divide and conquer like a dictator would.
 Very interesting reading.  But, it reads more like a novel than an historical account of events.  Anyhow, with that in mind, if only a portion of this narrative is true, it does not bode well for democracy in America.
 Excellent book. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to read an account of the Trump White House.
 This book confirms what I already thought.  We need get Trump out of office as soon as possible.  If we dont, he will do severe damage to our country.  The man is insane.
 Great reading material and an interesting insight of an unorganized, scary and disfunctional White House.
 Juicy details to what's happening inside the White House. Must read.
 Everyday is a new sad embarrassing moment in Trump's presidency. Why pay for the everyday news?
 Mr. Toad's Wild Ride seen from the viewpoint of the fly on the wall.  I understand that people wanted something different in Washington DC but what they got was something aberrant and abhorrent.  We all saw this coming, but some voters believed Mr. Toad would change.  Not gonna happen.  If you want insight into Trump's personality defect, read The Object of My Obsession is My Reflection by Rokelle Lerner.  If you understand the Grandiose Narcissist personality, then the behavior that Michael Wolff describes inside the current White House can be predicted.
 Michael Wolff impressed me by obtaining  assessments and opinions from people in the WH and by the fact that most of his information seems to be corroborated by more recent events.
 Interesting read! Parts were better than others.
 There’s so much going on in the White House that I wasn’t aware of with this Administration. If even 1/2 the stuff is true, wow. Definitely worth a read to get an understanding of what is going on.
 One of the most important books of the decade.
 Laughed out loud at nearly every page. Some of the political complexities of our time are “lost” on Wolff so he doesn’t get five stars, but a book that could so successfully infuriate both sides of the political divide and lead the Democratic establishment to quote Bannon as a reputable source has to be given due credit for pulling off such an impressive feat.
 I pre-ordered this book primarily because Trump was opposed vehemently to its publication.  (The same reason, years ago, that I saw "The Last Temptation of Christ."  Local religious extremists were picketing the theater.)<br/><br/>I cannot say that reading the book was enjoyable.  It reflects the troubling times we are in now and the likelihood of difficult times ahead.  And I am asked to trust this author regarding the details.  It would be easier for me if Wolff had been a journalist with the discipline imposed by a news editor.  As it is, the quotes and attributions stand as gossip (though I am inclined to believe most or all of them, since they appear to fit logically with information already public).<br/><br/>The broad brush (e.g., "All of the senior staff...") may be true, but could a careful investigator not find a true believer among them?  I am certain that I could not work in this administration, but there must be one who is as devoted to Trump as I have been to other elected officials for whom I have worked.<br/><br/>Did I learn anything?  Some details, perhaps, but not the big picture.  I had known that this president is a dangerously ignorant narcissist from his public statements.  Is his public persona (a childish, insecure man who holds grudges, lashes out at real or perceived opposition, and evidences no maturity) likely to be similar to his behavior in the White House? It seems probable.
 Good read, well written.
 Very informative of how people came to be associated with Trump and his campaign.
 Fast read and gives insight into the dysfunction of our White House today.
 I purchased this book as a gift, and I was told that it was completely overrated—&amp; most of the content is stuff that the average person already knows!
 The topic is very interesting and describes what is happening within the presidency of what is described as probably the most controversial president of American history. The way it is written is hard to follow and it could have been filled with more details and anecdotes.
 The book is salacious, but the book is so poorly written that it doesn't matter if anything revealed is true or not. I couldn't finish it because it was terribly written.
 I couldn't get past the first half but tried hard.  Also, odd choices of words.  I had to repeatedly Google words for the meanings and I found it annoying.
 Tells the story in another form in a way that you can’t possibly recruit by following the news or reading.
 Can only read a little at a time MIND BOGGLING!!
 If only 10% of this book were accurate it would still be an alarming expose. I believe most if not all of it
 ok
 Great read
 I am not done reading this book but it is very interesting.  I purchased the kindle version and have the hard copy on order.  So far it rings true to me based on what was already learned from Twitter and the very real news.  The author shouldn't have been allowed in the White House if they didn't want him to write the book.  I would encourage everyone to read this book especially since we do not ban books in America!
 well this just proves what we already knew that this is the most unlikely and unqualified president EVER....it is a page turning thriller because you know it will be nothing more than chaos every day and will likely ending in a big disaster for us ALL
 Didn’t really need to read the book to know that Trump is unfit for office.
 It is a very disturbing read.  It reinforces for me why he should NOT be our President!
 Very interesting information
 What a great book about a terrible topic - Trump actually makes me miss Nixon a little bit. But if you want a closeup of just how bad things are in the West Wing, this book will give it to you.
 the author used some words that are not in the dictionary;  also, he does not clearly describe situations and people of whom we are not very familiar.  Political insiders would enjoy this book more.
 Good book
 gave to friend who is In middle of it; says it is well written
 We asked for it, we got it.  And Michael Wolff describes for us, in excruciating detail, just how bad it really is.
 Made me happy to see how dysfunctional this #moroninchief really is
 THE TRUTH ABOUT TRUMP
 Great!!  White House still in state of chaos!!  Thanks to the author for a front row seat. Regardless of Party,  Americans must elect a qualified leader if Trump doesn’t resign or is judged incompetent after impeachment.
 This book is a refreshingly frank portrayal of the personal and "professional" chaos and incompetence that has been reported on a near daily basis in the MSM about the Trump presidency since the time he first chose to run for office.  Very thorough, detailed, and shocking in its reporting.  However, only rationally-minded readers will likely find the book believable.
 Pacy, revealing, opinionated and unputdownable, if this book does not rid the USA of Trum, nothing will.
 This a book everyone should read and I received it fast.
 Interesting to know the truth of how badly the White House is run these days.
 Insights into conflicts and challenges facing incoming white house unprepared for the task.
 Everyone should read this book.
 What can I say....no surprise here with this administration.
 I'm lending this book to anyone who wants to read it.  Easy read !
 I enjoyed the book but the author used a few too many thousand dollar words where a fifty dollar word would have been fine.
 If you have watched CNN or Fox News this past year, this book is highly entertaining because it attempts to fill in the blanks of the craziness in the Whitehouse!
 I enjoyed it much more than I enjoy the subject of the book.
 I enjoyed the book it is possible that everything is not correct or complete but in general I felt like it gave me a inside look at what was happening  and about Trump's thinking.
 Very interesting read, for sure.
 I believe every word in this book. Great writing. I would recommend strongly.
 Review written 1/11/18. On the one hand this was an informative read. It's also information I don't entirely trust. Other journalists have said there are mistakes here, in the reporting. On the other hand, I couldn't look away. Because I read this on the Kindle and my phone, it was easy to highlight passages and words. At first, it was every world of criticism of the president, but there were just so many. This week he melted down in various ways around this book. He has tried three days in a row to play the part of being presidential, but yesterday, in a meeting on immigration, he infuriated many everyone with a soul or who isn't a racist by insulting African countries and Haiti.<br/><br/>While I was reading this book, the author was on Stephen Colbert's show. He apologized two weeks ago to his publisher, he didn't think anyone would buy the book, because everyone knew it all. I pay attention to the news, I knew a lot of it, I didn't know the details. I didn't know that in Trump's first year in office, he had three competing, snarling, ingratiating, appeasing people acting as Chiefs of Staff: Reince Priebus, Steve Bannon and Jarvanka, or what Bannon calls Jared and Ivanka Kushner.
 Enjoyed it.
 Loved the book- very revealing re the worst president in history!
 Oddly enjoyable. Well written. It’s like a living parody. Feels very true.
 It is probably mostly true.  With Bannon a good part of the sourcing.  It is sloppily written with mistakes like saying that Wilber Ross was Labor Sec’y.  But the book dialogue and craziness rings true.
 A little too politely written in my opinion for such a rat basterd.
 SO glad to be able to order this for my kindle. It was an eye opening read.
 A completely true look at this joke of an administration!
 This is a great book !  Very entertaining.
 --that this White House is a mire of incompetence, clash of incompatible leadership perspectives, and general lack of anything resembling structure. There were incredibly troubling parts--Wolff's speculation that Bannon will run for president next strikes very real fear into my heart. Furthermore, the confirmation that no one is driving this train we call the USA is terrifying.<br/><br/>The most outrageous bits you've probably read in excerpts online. Wolff's commentary puts a lot of Trump's behavior in context--as I suspected, Trump has no idea how to pilot this ship. He is an idiot, to put it delicately. He badly wants to be loved and admired (as most narcissists do) and will assuredly throw a temper tantrum if he doesn't get his way post haste. The book does assure me that Trump is not smart enough to be a decent dictator, ala Stalin or Hitler, but there is a particularly sinking feeling in my gut knowing that our country's future lies in the hands of a spoiled toddler.<br/><br/>Though Bannon has been ousted, Wolff's warnings about his next moves need to be taken into account and be part of the Democrat's strategy of rebuilding.
 Save your money and buy a real book!  How does something like this get to print with typos and misspellings.  If you take sleeping pills, this may do the trick.  BORING!!
 Interesting reading on how the office was obtained by Trump.  Definitely an eye-opener and I highly recommend this book for advanced readers.  However, there were a few times where I found it difficult to follow the content/story because of the level of Wolff's writing style.
 Great book!
 Excellent read!
 Liked Dale's honesty telling his stiry
 You don't need my review.  If you haven't read it by now, well  .  .  .  get one.
 The breath taking incompetence and mental imbalance of our 45th President and the enablers around him are on full display in this best selling book.  The wonder and shame is that this incredibly unqualified and unfit person should have become president.  It is an indictment of our electorate and the criminally negligent manner in which millions of people in our country voted or didn't bother to vote that hits home.
 interesting but dull
 "Fire and Fury" effectively connects the dots of the news and events that has emerged from the drama of the White House during the first year of the Trump Administration.
 Well written. Quick reading. However, a truly frightening account of our current White House.
 This was too much of a frenzied read for me!  I stopped reading it about a fourth of the way into it.  I wouldn't recommend it for the average reader.
 Well into the Kindle edition and worth the investment! This books confirms what the majority of people, not only in the US know about this man. I live in NZ and watching his daily childish tweets and clear lack of any presidential or even common sense and decency and fear for the future while this egotistical narcissistic and dishonourable excuse for a man holds power and sway over domestic and international affairs. America deserves better - the world deserves and expects better. Liars cannot be trusted and this man has no credibility on any subject or front and is a clear and present danger to world peace.<br/>The US Constitution has mechanisms to remove an incompetent President - how long must the world put up with the rankings of this idiot. You say 'God Bless America' - you're going to need it!<br/>Time for a change.........
 Very entertaining!
 Fascinating reporting. I would have given it 5 stars if it were not for all of the parenthetical phrases, which made it hard to read.
 I pre-ordered this book when Trump said he did not want it published.  What an interesting book!  I knew the white house was dysfunctional with Trump as president so I was not surprised at what I read.  What surprised me was finding out that what was being "leaked" to the press and denied by Trump was was actually coming from Trump and his own family.  Even if this book is not 100% accurate, there are enough true things in there to prove that this is the most dysfunctional white house ever.  I highly recommend this book.
 What an entertaining read.  My God, what a world we are living in
 The book is interesting, but because of all the TV news, I lost interest half way through.
 Excellent book; good info provided to the reader.
 I love this book and you should too!
 A rare book that's made me write a review rather than just adding stars.  Yes, it's gossipy, yes it's quote-unquote "trashy", but it's surprisingly well-written.. much more so than I expected... and deserves all the attention it's getting.<br/>Long story short, if even half of what's in this book is true (and I suspect it's much more than that), then we're living in even more dangerous times than I feared, and thank goodness for the kind of reporting that Michael Wolff is doing (along with the Washington Post, New York Times, Vox, Politico, and Daily Beast).<br/>A must-read if you didn't vote for Trump, and I would argue, even more essential if you did.
 A real page turner. Couldn't put it down. Truth is stranger than fiction. Non-fiction that read like fanciful fiction. Great book, Michael Wolff deserves a Pulitzer.
 A good read, and although we may never know all the "sources" for this book... The events highlighted aren't hard to imagine, given Trump's personal history, and the recent events since his election.  Enough books and documentaries have been made on this guy that anyone who really wants to, can see who he is, and what he stands for.  Nothing new here, just a few more details to scenarios most people have already imagined... haters will love the book, supporters will say "crooked Hillary" wrote it.  I found it validated much of what felt about the administration, from his tweets, to what they all say interviews, to his policies.  "A bigoted, privileged, ass... surrounded by sycophants."
 Tell  all about the nut jobs that are running the oval office. Even if one doesn't believe all of it , just letting the author shadow the white house staff says a lot about the judgement of the people currently in the white house.
 Crazy. Scary. Fascinating. Hard to put it down.
 Eye opening and surprising facts.....not fake news? A comprehensive book that explains much about the Trump administration and indeed,  Trump the man.
 Michael Wolff is like, very smart.
 Required reading for this day and age.
 Don't really read it . Like everyone else, I bought it to prove a point and based on sales, it looks like it was made.
 Ab-so-lute-ly BREATHTAKING! I suppose I shouldn't be shocked but I am. You have to read this book!
 Only reinforces most opinions already formed by pro &amp; con Trump camps about both Trump &amp; author.  Fun read. Not to be taken seriously.
 I LOVED THIS BOOK
 It is sometime terrific, funny and sad to see how dysfunctional this white house is. How cynical our congress and politicians have become to enable this masquerade designed to con our simple minded idealists, to seduce our cynical opportunists and trap our most illiterates and frustrated people. I mean, today Trump and co (including Paul Ryan and dear Mitch) were at Camp David all standing together for the historic pictures. Overall, a group of men that still believe that Adam and Eve were riding dinosaurs in a world created 6000 years ago.<br/><br/>Trump response to this book is to tweet a few hours is that he is "like very smart" and a "genius", while sending some of his cronies on cable TV try to have us all believe he "revolutionized TV" and didn't actually bought his way in with money. If only my father had also given me a million dollar to start my life in New York back then!<br/><br/>Yet, while reading this book I was fascinated by the dynamic of powers at play against the status quo that Bush and Clinton had trapped us into since Reagan. It almost feels as Trump is some sort of new Reagan, and by that I mean a showman turned into a useful tool by greedy and soulless corporations and re-branded as some sort of anti-conventional conservative hero for the common man, and yet, this one feels rebooted for a short-span, dumbed down generation. Still, it is interesting to see how power preserves itself through the trinity of greed, opportunism, and bad faith, fueled by ignorance and manipulation.<br/><br/>I don't doubt that Wolff may have edited, merged, combined or combined some elements while drafting this, very likely for the sake of clarity, but frankly it feels consistent with what we've all seen coming from this white house. There is where we can see Bannon's state of mind and agenda as a failed, frustrated intellectual who couldn't get past his own hatred of the system, still guided by a self destructive taste for the apocalypse. Almost a romantic kind, lost in true darkness. Trump's family comes out as one sadly entitled, spoiled, and monstrous entity engineered by our dysfunctional society. Truly, the worst of what capitalism and human nature has to offer. There is some beauty to it as well with our 45th president, a simple ignorant childman who just wanted to be loved and who will ironically end up hated by most and ridiculed throughout history. And all together, it is sad to see their desire to reform normality for the better corrupted by their own inability to understand the world they live in.<br/><br/>In form, reality may be a bit different than what this book display, but in substance it feels like a genuine tableau of a disaster at play. It feels detailed enough to give you more than a sense of this giant and dramatic farce of a white house.<br/><br/>Overall, my take is that there is an ideology crisis in America and possibly the post-cold war world, and these people; Fox news, the tea party's key authorities and Trump and his lavish cast of billionaires are all surfing over people's social insecurities, fears, ignorance, and basic instincts not to say stupidity, and this to extend their own power instead of pushing an honest and constructive democratic debate for the greater good of society.<br/><br/>One way or another, these people will be judged by history, and so will their enablers. And still, we all are more or less, accomplice of this farcical monstrosity, until we wake up. Maybe something good will come out of it.
 Easy, quick read.
 Well written and educational.
 This is Interesting reading, but it's  difficult to get past Wolff's quirky writing style. I hold a BSE in English so usually appreciate different writing techniques.  That was not the case with this book.
 Unbelievable but true!!! Elections have consequences we all have to live with no matter how we voted. And even if we didn't.
 what a mess in the white house
 I stand with my fellow Americans by buying this book. This is the United States of America and Trump does not get to censor or ban material simply because he doesn’t like the content. Only with a free press, when the public gets to hear all sides of an argument and judge for themselves what they believe, and when that public can have an open, honest dialogue when all facts from every side has been presented, can this great nation continue to remain free.
 Unbelievablely interesting.  While lacking solid attribution for most of the theories propounded by the Staffers and people close to Don, this book provides a very telling insight into the declining mind of a supposed world leader.  The Trumperor truly has no clothes, thanks to the author's extraordinary work.  Will this book make the Presidential Library?
 The book appears to confirm the rumors and leaks we have heard all year. One just has to listen to Trump or read his off the rails tweets to support the books perspective. A good but frightening read. What the hell happened to US?
 A very quick read if you pay attention to the news.  The salacious back office gossip makes for a fun read
 "I've made stuff up forever, and they always print it" .......Sad. I hope we survive this disaster. God help the USA
 so-so read about what I expected
 I enjoyed this book tremendously.
 Valuable reportage though clearly not up to nyt or Wapo factuality standards.
 It was pretty good but hard reading.
 Interesting to learn how truly clueless and inane all of these folks really are particularly 45 and family of course. Reading about their BS in a longer format like this makes it a bit less rage-inducing, but If possible the truth is even stupider than we could ever have imagined. Anyway this book is full of really interesting tidbits that we didn’t know prior to its release. It’s a fascinating historical character study if you can attempt to read it from a distance and imagine you’re looking back on all of this years from now.
 Michael Wolff’s book is an easy read, as he takes you inside the internecine workings of the Trump White House. Even if only half of it is true, then you will still be horrified by the callowness and duplicity of Jarvanka (Bannon’s riff for Jared and Ivanka) - according to the book, these two recommended Comey’s firing, the hiring of the Mooch and often as not were the cause of most of the leaks (seeking to damage others in the White House.) And then there’s The Donald. Makes a petulant 2 year old sound like a pleasure to behold.
 Poorly written. Not engaging at all. Really didn't tell a story, just a bunch of non-sequential mini-stories. Possibly interesting insights, but impossible to tell conjuture from fact or first hand experience from rumor.
 Many scary truths...
 I think it gives us another view of the chaos in the White House.
 Heheh, the Trump Show is sticking pretty much to Michael Wolff's script in his book! I ordered the same day it released. Glad to get it! :D
 Thank You
 The author paints a very detailed narrative that gives evidence to what a lot of us already suspected was happening in the White House.
 Michael Wolf was clearly looking at just the most negative things he could find - not positive items at all even though Trump has done some good things for the economy and working people .
 Highly entertaining and thought provoking. Never mind how true or not, it's not ALL made up. Great vocab Mr. Wolff has.
 I normally do not buy ebooks until they become 1 or 2 dollars on bookbub  I don't regret buying this ebook for $15 , and I would buy it again.  It is hard to believe that Trump is still in the white house.  I am looking forward to see how this presidency ends and just how much mischief this president has been up to.  He is in over his head, for sure.  What a mess.  I worry about the doj  and our free press and hope that our country can repair the damage done by this mistake  of a presidency.
 My kife says it is interesting and reinforces her opinions about him.
 Loaded with anecdotal information that helps to fill in the blanks of everything we have been reading and hearing about the Trump Administration and its chaotic and disturbing operations and the people involved. It is written in a conversational manner and I felt at times that I was hearing confidential information directly from the sources, as well as through the White House grapevine. Some of the information about the bumbling and backbiting of the President and his staff members would be funny if it weren't so alarming, and if it weren't the President of the United States and the people surrounding him behaving in such a manner. It makes one wonder how we could have elected such a person, and what we should do about it now.
 A MUST READ
 Excellent
 Who knows what's true and what's gossip in here. But is it believable? Certainly. And it's fun owning something that makes Trump angry.
 Excellent. Informative. Well written.
 Juicy.  Informative.
 I am sure that there were some embellishments, but if you maintain analytical approach, you will find the book facinating.
 Interesting was that there was so much infighting in the WH. Writing style was<br/>Ok
 I purchased the kindle version of this book because I couldn’t stomach the thought of having a book with Trumps face on it in my home. I haven’t had a chance to read it yet but my purchase is still bringing me lots of joy. I thank Trump for making this book so popular. Who new that just purchasing it would be such a feel good thing to do? #resist
 The book simply confirms what any reasonably intelligent person already sees. Great read!
 Really an eye-opener. Very interesting reading.
 Utterly believable. And scary.
 Interesting read
 Interesting story, not the best written book, but quite enlightening of this new administration.
 An interesting read. Mot usually a political book reader.
 A horrifying view inside the White House, but unlikely to be read by those who should and too much information for those who do.
 The author has a writing style of long, almost run-on sentences and ten-dollar words, but once you get used to how he writes, the content will leave you quite amused.
 Singing to the choir! but that suits me fine!
 The information is important however his delivery is rather contrived. I envision him sitting at his computer with a thesaurus trying too hard !<br/>I find his story telling annoying and if had known of his writing style I would have consumed my information another way.<br/>Buyer Beware.
 Not as salacious as the news made it out to be but nevertheless an alarming window into the trump presidency
 freightening revealing informatiion about the chaos and ignorance of the current administration
 Validation about the chaos our White House lives with daily
 It was entertaining.
 Good insight into the Trump White House
 Well, I can say that it was a fun read.  I have no idea how accurate it is as far as the purported quotes go.  I didn't learn anything that I didn't hear from other sources, but it was still a quick and easy read.  It would have been more enjoyable, however, if it was able to end with Trump and his gang winding up in prison.  Oh well, you can't have everything I guess.
 The story of a very dysfunctional man and his cabinet...a real page turner
 good book
 The Book made me realize even more how ignorant our president is and how easily he can be manipulated. It's a sad time for our country.
 The book was interesting and as the days go by, more and more of the information seems to be accurate.
 Thank God we have people like Michael Wolff. Thank you! You made me feel better.
 My dad happy with his book
 There was either little or no editing which made it a difficult read. I spent more time editing to be able to understand a passage. I could have written the book!
 Packages together the last year of political drama and validates everything everyone already knew.  Get to know the craziest president that ever lived..
 I'm 1/3 the way through it.  It's not what I thought and boring.
 Intriguing and insightful, whether you believe it or not.  If true, history will not be kind to this White House, if not, it's one of the best pieces of contemporary historical fiction in this decade.
 Great Book.AGood read.
 More about Steve Bannon than Trump.  God save us.
 The book shows the joke trump is
 Received the book without a hitch.<br/> The book however is poorly written. I stopped reading 1/2 way through.<br/>Much of what's in it was already in the news. Although, the background leading to these concerns was interesting.
 Still not completed, but highly entertaining. You connect the dots on Trump, his family and pieces you have heard. This confirms much of what you have heard with some interesting additions.
 Entertaining.
 Love it
 Even if only half of what is reported is true, it is frightening. The election of Bush 2 was the beginning of ignorance's triumph. Trump's election is its culmination....is hibernation the answer? OMG!
 True to daily reported events, well written.
 A really good explanation of a messy series of incidents. Makes what seems confusing in the news understandable, good writing. More of an analysis of chaos, that a tell all.
 A good read.
 Waiting a while to read this book after it's  publication allows the reader to see the truth by the actions the politicians have taken since it's publication.
 It's amazing to see all the change in the White House since this book was written. Most of the players are gone, except family.
 I bought the Kindle version yesterday and have only gotten about a third of the way through it.  I'm not a voracious reader so this book probably wouldn't have been on my radar at all except for the tantrums coming from the WH and its lawyers about it.<br/><br/>Fair disclosure: I don't like Donald Trump and never have.  Being a NYC resident I had a very low opinion of him back in the 80s, long before he decided to play president. Nothing in the book is a revelation for me.  So far, no smoking guns that paint him any worse than the opinion I've always had for him and his administration of toadies.  The author has taken a lot of hits from Trump supporters, some of them well-deserved.  I would have liked to see more research and verification. Back during Watergate, Ben Bradlee insisted that Woodward &amp; Bernstein get at least one corroborating source for any claim made by them. Sadly, that's missing here.  Then again, my existing opinion of Trump based on 30+ years experience with his grandstanding and string of failures provides a backstop for some of it.<br/><br/>Wolff's book is an easy read, like a long Page Six story with about the same depth. Wolff put everything on the line here. He's probably burned his journalistic future with this book.  No one is going to trust his off-the-record assurances from now on. Wolff did to his sources what Trump did to scores of millions of Americans: he scammed them. He didn't play nice or by the rules.  Tyrants don't either.
 The author really seems to like to use vocabulary that most people don't use. I spent a fair amount of time looking words up on my kindle while reading this book. It's not particularly well written.
 GREAT BOOK!!
 I enjoyed reading this.  Some stuff was not very surprising, others were.
 love it
 Good book, a little boring at times but overall a great read...
 Excellent Book
 loved the book  very informative
 Nothing I didn't expect - a little over the top in places, but given the chaos in the WH and our moron president, I'm not questioning much of it.
 Gossipy and fun, but a difficult read with such poorly edited, sloppy writing. Such sentences worth only of Trump himself.
 Reading it now. Very eye opening! Also very scary.
 Loved learning who his evil minions are, and how they came to be in his cabinet of clowns.
 A must read by all. Thoughtful and exciting, a page turner and 95% factually true.  Wolff gives us  a case for impeachment  without injecting his voice..
 WOW
 Good Read
 Enjoyed the book not feeling is if you understand half of what is written we are in deep trouble.
 Eye-opening. Even if only half of this is true, America is in deep trouble. It doesn't matter what party you belong to, this is scary. Read the book and judge for yourself.
 Accurate and well written
 I am not in politics and only watch news in the mornings. But I knew most of the stuff he wrote in this book.<br/>It was an easy reading but wasn't much insightful. You will learn maybe one or two interesting facts but definitely not worth the price.
 Very good book, enjoyed reading it.  Very informative.
 interesting..but predictable
 Compelling.  If one tenth of the book is accurate, and I believe it’s a lot more factual than that, a both fascinating and scary read.
 Easy to get through.  Some of it is so far fetched but I believe every word of it.
 Excellent and a sobering look at the DT presidency.
 So needed this book.
 This should be required reading in schools and colleges
 I enjoyed the insight that this book gives...especially showing how the Trump family can and will be taken down by Mueller. I now look at Trump as a scared little rabbit. And look at Ivanka and Jared as greedy little players who will ultimately be the two responsible for the downfall of Donald Trump.
 Eye opening.  Scary part is, the crazy crap is still happening, it’s never stopped.  You forget some of these things, in the book, just happened and were outrageous. We are in a whole new time of insane.
 Still reading it
 I hope everyone buys a copy and reads it!
 This book has been rapidly portrayed as irresponsible and full of lies by people who appear to feel their interests are in jeopardy. I think that this is a well written and documented book, and it is a good frame that I believe has helped me to find explanations to the explosion of inexplicable things that keep occurring during Trump's stint as president of United States. This book triggers an interest in paying more attention to the structures that appear to run behind any government.
 Very well written and engaging.  Only time will tell how this story ends...it’s incredibly frightening.  We must all wake up  and vote so this doesn’t happen ever again.
 Ok, it’s pretty funny and damning, if true.
 Like many of you, I have been reading and watching reputable news sources aka "fake news". I was on the library wait list but watching Trump's meltdown and his latest racists comments felt that I needed to get the book, now.  Will I blindly believe everything I will read? Probably not, but this book is making an unpredictable president even more unstable. In support of all that have experienced Trump's undeserved wrath, I had to purchase it.  And on Kindle, it is cheaper and no tax.
 2018. Time to fix a wrong. This guy is an imposter to both parties!<br/>If you're afraid of seeking the the truth and you lean right. Be a true patriot and read this. Russia is not our friend. Get this scourge out and right a wrong.<br/>Put your right hand over your heart and recite the pledge of allegiance!
 Nice to know what all the hype is about
 Informative. Interesting.
 A revealing story on what’s happening at the white house at the time it was written. A lot of the players in this book are now gone.
 Truth...but barely scratches the surface of this austentiously corrupt adminstration, and President David Dennison.
 Great read. and miraculously accurate.
 Every American, including the ones that voted for Trump, should read this book.  For people following what has been going on, there are not any real big surprises as to what has occurred, just more details.  Reading his "speeches" in their entirety really shocks and awes... he has no business running our country!
 Great book, other than the fact that it's nonfiction and the sad reality of the U.S.Republican administration.
 I am reading a book about each president, not necessarily a biography though.  I've only just started this book.  It is entertaining and not dry, so that is a plus.  However, Wolff is not at all objective and makes gross assertions that are opinions rather than facts.
 Sad reading but true and necessary to ponder.
 It's so funny, its scary, this is our POTUS and staff. Wow!!!! I couldn't stop reading it. I was just in amazement.
 This is an entertaining book. Not a lot of new revelations and I think people should definitely read it with a bit of skepticism, but there is no denying it is a fun read. This isn't a book that is going to change anyone's mind either way. There is enough doubt about some statements made to allow Trump supporters to call it #fakenews and enough already confirmed information and quotes from reliable sources (who have not denied they made those statements) to allow a non-supporter to reaffirm what they already knew. I enjoy the author's writing style and found the pacing of the book kept my interest.
 A seventh grade English teacher would shred this and its part of why it’s so funny.  A book about a a clown.
 Most of the book covers what anyone who gets their news from more than one source has known since the election. Trump is chaos personified. The book just gives the gory details of the truth depths of privileged arrogance , political ineptitude and self serving delusions of the current occupants of the White House.
 Nothing in this book is surprising or even shocking based on daily events unfolding in public. That being said it is a well written catalogue of the chaos that is this train wreck of an administration. This narrative stitches it all together in a concise and clear fashion.
 just finished reading this - two words: HOO BOY!
 All I can say is so unfortunate but the dysfunction documented is not surprising.
 I liked this book very much. It was a tad slow developing and it tends to ramble, however the content was excellent and believable. My contempt for trump and his family cartel is higher then ever. I wish every American would read it. The world would be a better place.
 I am sure that this book has been reviewed by people better than I. I will say that it will be in  the future the book quoted as the book that up set the Trump presidency and helped to bring it down.  Besides Trump himself. Even if two thirds of this book is true or false Americans have voted an person into office who has no clue how to govern.
 i really enjoyed reading this book as I had done some research on narcisstic behavior
 Good read.  A little heavy on the gossip and not much analysis.  The Trump White House is evolving so fast that many of the players Wolfe writes about are gone (or going).
 very informative on what makes the white house tick
 Nothing Earth-shattering here. Pretty much everything that's been in the news, just spelled out event-by-event. Pretty boring to a non-news junkie.
 Nothing really surprised me in this book. It’s very well written and the timelines help me understand this f@$&amp;ing mess. What an absolute disaster we are in.
 A rehash of all that has been written about the present administration, but put together in a timely, coherent fashion.  It just reinforces everything we have read.  It is entertaining though.
 Reads Like a gossip column. Nothing we didn’t already suspect or know. Confirmed for me that our Country is in a state of constitutional crisis. Authors use of French cliches was annoying,
 It’s worse than we thought. He has to be impeached but the gop never will have the character that the gop of Nixon’s day had
 Thank you Donald Trump for the advertising of this book. I would not have heard of it otherwise if it weren’t for you.
 Seems to me that there is fire and fury inside the Trump White House everyday.
 Unbelievable, or should I say completely believable for the individual it is referencing.<br/>What did we do as a nation to deserve this?
 The Trump White House continues to be one of the most newsworthy and controversial entities of our time.  With that said, any book written from an insider's perspective on it will certainly be best seller.  If you watch the news, perhaps 80% of the book will not be a surprise. More, 80% of the book will be a regurgitation of headlines, the various scandals and confirmation of the fall out between various people: Jared and Ivanka's hatred of Bannon.  The other 20% is an insight into Steve Bannon, the opinions of those in the White House and a myriad of stories about how the staff was assembled.  The portrait painted of Bannon is particularly dark. Bannon is an agent of chaos, someone willing and interested in seeing politics as a war of attrition as opposed to an idealistic search for compromise and an evaluation of the best opinions.  The insights into what staff thinks of Trump become almost repetitive: Trump is an imbecile who is temperamental and reflexively spits out policy that is the product of his gut reaction and not intelligent rationalizing.  Although I recommend the book to all, Moore's writing style is often obnoxious.  He over utilizes phrases appropriate for the New Yorker and obnoxious for a mainstream bestseller.  If you can stomach the writing style of an author with a propensity to use SAT vocabulary words, you'll find this book funny, entertaining and a quick read.
 I have no idea how accurate this narrative is - I would be shocked if none of the sources were lying to advance their own interests. Still, if even a little of it is true, the picture it paints of opportunism, infighting and incompetence is shocking. On top of it all is a president who will not be handled, actively resists information to make decisions, and is swayed different directions through the day by the last person he talks to.<br/><br/>Really helps put into context the constant mixed messages, abrupt changes in policy and the revolving door of senior staff, many of whom burn out in days or weeks.
 As an independent voter, I read Fire and Fury out of curiosity. It was a quick read. Some of the information in the books appears to be unfolding in real time on a daily basis. The book isn't so much about bashing the POTUS as it is about the staff who sway his opinion. Donald Trump and his campaign staff did not believe he would be elected president. They were all unprepared for the White House. This is the type book, one has to read for him/herself. I'm certain there are as many opinions of this book as there readers.
 Wolff’s expose of the Trump White House confirms some of our worst fears - that Trump cares little, thinks less, and has no curiosity on how to fix our broken country.  He really only cares about himself and his brand. I feel badly from people who believed in him because while he may have identified some real problems with our country and offered working people hope, he is unable and unwilling to really address those issues. Heaven helps us.
 I’d give it 5 stars if it wasn’t so disturbing.
 Not an especially well-written book, but very enjoyable unless you're a huge fan of the president.
 on the inside scoop...good reading
 A fun read that validated my concerns. Not much new . Info. Most tidbits have been in the news. However it was eye opening to know the caliber of misfits running the place.
 This book was right on the money. Excellent reading
 good read. Gets you really thinking
 Enjoyed reading about the behind the scenes power struggles. Even if it isn't 100% true, it shows how the White House culture operates today.
 This book is awesome.  Thank you Michael Wolff.
 Great Read, even though we already knew most of this.
 While written to be sensational, the sequence of events outlined by Wolff is well described. Overall the details are believable and paint a picture of a disfunctional presidency.
 Very informative!
 great read, keeps one unable to put it down.
 Reiterates what we already already know about this failing president and provides us with so many new details. I believe the author.
 What a mess we have in the White House
 Clearly written.  Inside portrait of a chaotic White House.
 After you get through the snippets from the news media and read the whole book, there is no doubt that Wolff has mostly gotten it right.  And regardless of what the good doctor Admiral says of the presidents cognitive state, it is clear those who deal with him daily have him pegged.  Read the whole book...there is a point about 2/3 of the way through where you start to gag or say what else...but keep going to the book's end.  Clearly the story is not over.
 I am still reading the book.  I am amazed that Michael Wolff had the guts to go against Trump the bully, and tell the story of the Trump White House.  Wonderful book.
 Great book and important overview of this bizarre pResidency.
 Still reading, so far so good.
 Best part of ordering this book on Kindle is there is no wait and the book definitely pulls back the curtain on the Trump debacle!
 The truth!
 This look inside the White House is frightening and sadly true. Great read!
 How much longer till the placeholder president gets the boot?
 Amazing fly on the wall inside look at the most disgraceful and dysfunctional administration ever.
 Interesting look at the Trump White House.
 ohhh this is a good read!
 Straight forward, well written, absolutely terrifying!
 I thought this book was very informative. Besides describing the shocking details of the daily chaos in the White House, Wolff does a good job recapping all of the events of the past 18 months in a way that the average citizen can understand. I have heard Trump supporters say some of the details of the book aren't true, but if 1% of it is accurate,  (I'm sure it's much more) that would still be too much. The saddest part is that within one week after the release of the book Trump has already said and  done so much more that this is already old news. I hope there is a sequel. There will never be a shortage of material.
 Even if only half this stuff is true, it's pretty shocking this is the man leading America.
 What a mess trump has made of our government
 If 10% of what's written in this book is true, we're all screwed.
 I don't know if it is true or not but if it is ... wow.
 Interesting book
 I hate to say it, but if you read this book you will understand how the Trump White House ‘works’. I am sure there is lots of embellishment, but the core of this books rings very true to what is happening
 Just looking at the cover makes me sick to my stomach so I just could not even read it. Anyone want it??
 Ready for more
 Way too wordy. His writing style does not work with my reading style. Too many insertions in the middle of sentences. Get to the facts, never mind all the other stuff.
 Wish I could review Trump, and not just a book about him. He's a thousand stars in the hole.
 Great look at the inside of a circus out of control. Can’t believe it’s this bad. GOP is lost. Ban on won round one.
 A super divisive and controversial book but I read the whole thing in just a few hours. It was worth the read and very entertaining. Well written I think, whether it contains inaccuracies and untruths or is totally true, it’s a good read and really gives some valuable insight into the current administration and the insane train wreck they are in.
 Frightening and fascinating read in to complete White House chaos - spoiled only by the fact that the book was so publicly analysed I knew it all before i read it
 Good read, factual Trump admin
 Underscores what the well-informed media has been reporting from Day 1.  Trump is a disgrace to our nation and the world and everyone needs to be paying close attention.
 Interesting book. Worth the read whether pro or anti Trump.
 I think the book was written just to cash in on all the Fire and Fury because of electing Donald Trump. Mostly trash and not worth reading.
 That the President have no idea on what is going on in the White House, every one have their own agenda and he just goes with it.
 This book is a little too gossipy.  At some point, you think you're reading the National Inquirer. If this were a book about the making of a movie and how the lead actor got along with the producer, director and co-stars, that would be one thing.  But  then you realize this is our GOVERNMENT and really start to get scared.  You find yourself wondering how our government is still functioning with all of the pettiness and infantile behavior among the various players.  Then you say, thank God for the "Administrative State" which is clearly keeping this ship of state afloat in the dysfunctional Trump era.  But I'm still a political junkie, so I confess I found it overall an interesting read.
 It was a look into the White House, as if the reader were a fly on the wall.
 Great book. A must read for everyone.
 who cannot enjoy this. Ha, ha
 Revealing of the chaos that I suspect ed existed in the WH.Very scary if even half of it is true.
 Everyone needs to wake up and see what is happening here. Mr. Wolff's book gives us insight into something most of us paying attention already knew.
 There are claims that parts of this book are fabricated. But if even 25% of this book is true, it paints a disturbing picture.<br/>The book starts out well written, but gets choppy towards the end. I recommend a thesaurus for the first part of the book.<br/>And for my money Bannon was the source for much of the material.
 Most of what is written has been said by the media before. That’s why I’m giving 3 stars. Read the news and you’ll know. Still this president is a joke, a cruel sadistic joke.
 Too many unnamed sources are cited as providing "information." Overall, a gossipy and chatty work that will fill the "Reduced Price" bins, soon.
 So interesting and frightening at the same time.
 Great read. Although some of the facts are incorrect the book overall explains a lot of things you never understood about Trump (who is truly a scary president).
 Plausible theory of events. Disproving it is going to be really hard work. Fear not. They will take themselves down.
 All references to me are accurate.
 Inside insight into the reality that is 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. Truth inflicted on the ‘base’ may leave a mark, and hopefully an end to the insanity.
 A must-read book. Well written, a true page-turner, the events depicted seem both plausible (due to what we an see and what has already been reported) and a grotesque farce of epic Sheakspearian proportions. I am not an US citizen, and I do not live in the US, but this book has an universal appeal in how it describes how populist nut cases can rise to power anywhere, especially now that they can leverage the power of television and social networks.
 This wonderful book will be hailed as the straw that broke the stupid camel’s back.
 great book
 Too embellished to be completely believable. "Based on a true story', maybe?
 After reading three or four chapters I realized I had already heard most of the topics via the news media.  I was disappointed that most of it was already old news.
 This book may be fanciful. But it is dry much so a different Kin of work. The atmospherics match a lot of the media descriptions from others. Right wing populism gave us Trump. Buckle in...
 Realize some of the content is conjecture, but the everyday news confirms a lot of it.
 Exactly what I always suspected about the Trump White House.
 Good book
 Not the greatest book.  Took me over a month to read as it just wasn't that interesting.  This is a gossip book, without real substance.
 Good read!
 Bought if for my Mom. Given the best seller list, received it within the time stated. I look forward to reading it myself once my Mom is done.
 Incredible. What a story. It would be hilarious if it wasn't true.
 Well, who doesn't like some gossip about Trump? Fun to read but even though I am not a fan of Trump's, I wonder how accurate the book is in all parts.
 surprisingly well written and engrossing.
 After a couple of chapters all I could do was just laugh.
 what can i say....
 Confirms my previous reading by and about Mr. Trump,consistent with my professional opinion (Clinical Psychologist) of Trump as a psychologically impaired individual.  He is clearly the most dangerous and unfit person to hold the presidency in my lifetime (75 years), although I must admit that there has been competition for that distinction.
 A very interesting book. It goes deep in the government line up and illustrates the affirmation of each department. Highly recommended for political readers with a broad point of view.
 How can you not like this book?
 Like a Fly on the wall you'll learn just how strange<br/>things are running at the White House. A worthy read.
 A good read, but OMG
 I finished it in one sitting. Very enlighting read.
 Gives the impression of a fly on the wall in the Trump White House.  Hard to believe he did not take great liberties with dialogue.  The timeline is only loosely coherent in places and it seems like he had a lot of stories that he added wherever he was low on pages for a particular chapter.  Glad I got this on credits from Audible - entertaining but not worth actual money.
 Interesting book.
 Lots of poop about the Liar-in-Chief, tRump.  The literary style of Wolff is irritating with too frequent use  of both incomplete  and run-on sentences.
 I have kept up with most everything in this book in the news for months. There were very few surprises but not much. Since the publication of this book, Mr. Bannon is out the door at Breitbart. I am disgusted with what is going on in the White House but the writing has always been on the wall. Many of the players have their own baggage as well as this president.<br/><br/>Mr. Trump does not have the right to tell anybody they cannot buy this book. We still have a free press and the Constitution although I doubt that he has ever read it. I can't wait until the 2018 and 2020 elections and hopefully this gang in the White House will be replaced.
 It's a good book but who did what when and where all the facts kind of boggle the mind trying to keep straight
 Ordered this book for my dad for Christmas. Even though it was on back-order, it came in a very timely manner.
 Tells us what we all knew but in morecdepth
 Who doesn't love this book!  Great reading.
 Wolff's expose of the early months in Trump's White House is a fascinating and necessary read for anyone who wants to know why the administration has operated the way it has.  The pattern of reckless lies and lowbrow behavior evident in the Oval Office may be hard to fathom, but Wolff does a good job of explaining the personalities -- and the personality cult -- surrounding Donald J. Trump.  This sheds a lot of light on the current situation in Washington.<br/><br/>Filled with detailed descriptions of events from the early months of the administration, "Fire and Fury" provides plenty of "aha" insights to add context to the news coverage inside the Beltway.  Key to understanding the prevarications and inconsistencies of Trump is knowing that he surrounded himself with warring factions -- Bannon, "Jarvanka", Priebus -- whose conflicting interests were either rebuffed or embraced by a President who lacks both the experience and the wherewithal to make effective policy decisions.<br/><br/>"Fire and Fury" may not lift the dark cloud of the Trump administration, but it goes a long way to help people understand why the current President has struggled in the office, while doing so much damage to the country in the process.
 While I wasn't surprised by any of the revelations about DT in the book, it's well worth the read just to have some context behind/around the stories we regularly see reported on in the news daily. DT needs to go!
 An insightful book. It was a fascinating read.
 I felt like it was my patriotic duty to buy and read this book. When a President tries to ban a book in the United States would should all reject that type of action. There is a lot to worry about with this presidency, if you weren't worried enough already. A few things really stand out. First, no one seems to be worried about doing the work of the American people, least of all Trump. The political infighting is incredible and insightful. Trump's office culture is reflective of his persona: one of chaos, pettiness, greed, ignorance and back stabbing. Bannon is most definitely the smartest guy in the room but the 2nd scariest, glad he is on the outside now. Read the book, it will make you realize more than ever how important it is for all of us to  get involved in our political system. Dark Money (very important book) put Trump in power. We need to reverse Citizen's United, institute campaign finance reform, and end gerrymandering - otherwise we will reap again what we have so discouragingly sewn.
 I find this audible book interesting. At sometimes hilarious and other times infuriating. It is sad our country is represented by someone like Trump.
 Kaos at its best
 Interesting.
 Love the book!  Thank you for writing it Mr. Wolff!
 Shows what type of president we have.
 Nailed it
 Unfortunately I found this book to be totally plausible. I am truly terrified at the prospect of exactly how much damage to our country and our democracy this group of amateurs can and will do. The United States may never recover.
 Love M. Wolff!
 Nice book.
 great book
 Exactly what I was expecting and enhoyed reading.
 Great book! Couldn’t put it down. The author clearly outlines the dysfunction which is the Trump administration.  It makes one sad.
 If nothing else, the Trump administration gave us this book!
 This is one of the most incredible things I have ever read. I keep starting over just to soak it all in.
 Very true information about this president
 very good
 Sentences are too drawn out, new words I had to continually look up, some typos but the message was clear and loud.
 Can't believe they didn't see this coming a mile away.
 I love this book.  We all like to read, watch and listen to things that confirm our own opinions.  This certainly proved to me that everything I thought about the current administration is absolutely true.  I can’t put the book  down but at the same time I don’t want to end.  It’s sad that Mr Wolff won’t be invited back to do research for a sequel.
 Sadly, this is how the sausage is made now. I know parts of this narrative have been discredited for lacking pin point accuracy, but the gist sounds authentic to me.
 treason
 Most interesting story about the inner workings of the White House.
 Love
 I read the book after the excitement died down, so it's not a revelation.  However, it reads smoothly and feels accurate. It's a "must read" for anyone interested in gaining insight into the Trump White House.  Even with Bannon gone now, the picture that Wolff paints of infighting and jockeying for control of the President is useful to understanding why things are happening in the way they continue to happen.
 ENJOYABLE !!
 Did the author really have to use such big words?  I felt he was trying to impress with his high end vocabulary.  Even though I did not bother to look up the meaning of those words,  I still got the idea of what he wrote.  The book was interesting and informative.  I am lending my book out to friends as I feel it isn't worth the money  for them to buy it.  Check it out at the library!
 Easy interesting read
 Not worth all the hype. It really wasn't well written.
 After reading the 311 page Senate Judiciary transcript of the review of the Steele dossier and Fire and Fury, I easily saw the truth revealed concerning Russia's interference and the misdeeds of several members of the Trump team as well as the House Intelligence Committee Republican memo .  As soon as I read the memo, I knew what the Senate Judiciary Committee Fire and Fury gave the truth to a complete misrepresentation of the truth attempted in the memo.  I plan to use this book as more revelations appear as Mueller releases more indictments.
 Couldn't finish-- maybe later when the trump is gone from our White House.
 The book is great ! I enjoyed reading it
 Interest read
 You'll laugh you'll cry you'll laugh to keep from crying. It's funny because its sad that it's true.
 I thought that the book was very interesting. It brought a lot of things to light for me personally. I also find it very interesting that the majority of the media dislike the president and they also dislike Michael Wolff.
 good. It is gift.
 The reading is easy. You would hope it is a book of fiction in many parts. Does nOt add more insight than what everyday’s news channel floods on a daily basis since January 2017, though.
 Easy to read and very informative.  This book doubly assured me that he is "not my president."
 Maybe my confirmation bias is showing, but this content reaffirmed and expanded the horror stories I have heard from other news outlets and events since the publication of this book appear to confirm the narrative.
 A "Must Read! All the details behind the headlines.
 if only one half of this story is true, we have got one heck of a mess at the White House.
 Even though I voted for the guy I never considered him being as compulsive as he is
 This is a VERY VERY important book; tells the whole alarming story credibly and in real detail.<br/>ALARMING.
 I have just gotten into it, but am anxious to hear more. Since the author is a writer, not a reporter, he can't be taken literally. I do believe Trump is mentally ill, and also incompetent. The book is ratcheting up that concern. At what point will those watching , especially Republican Senators, acknowledge that the emperor has no clothes!?
 fascinating.
 May be more fiction than not, but it is certainly entertaining.  Admittedly I think of the potus this way sometimes, but if I take this book as true nonfiction I wouldn't be able to sleep at night.
 This was for my brother-in-law who has added all the facts to his all encompassing opinion of our president.
 This was an entertaining read to be sure, but it seems very dubious that the author could prove that many of these conversations or encounters ever occurred.
 Great book
 IMPEACH ....
 Great insight into Trump inner circle. Back stabbing in all its glory. Few flaws but still worth reading.
 Not that it shouldn't be read, but as a more casual political reader, the fire hose of chaos on each page is a bit overwhelming. Fire and Fury suffers from the exact same thing the mainstream news cycle has during this presidency, information overload. The lack of organization mirrors that of the presidency it reports on, which I guess in some ways is the point.
 I now know who has been running the White House! It's Hope Hicks, Jarvanka and Bannon. The Toddler in Chief has no clue as to what to do. I'm glad I read this book because it confirms what I have been watching on the legit news for months but in greater detail. How could America sink so low? A must read. Thank you, Mr. Wolff, for your perseverance.
 Difficult to tell how much is editorializing and / or stretching the truth, but if read with skepticism, still a fascinating read and well worth the time.
 If 1% of the book is true is 1% too much. But it's a lot more than 1%. It's an easy read. Like all inside stories, it satisfies your urge to know... And like all inside stories, it's a side. And I believe in sides... you gotta pick a side.
 Talk about an eye opening book looking into the inner workings of the Trump administration.  Both my husband and I were engrossed by this book.
 wow
 Vote Democrat!  This clown needs to go!
 Very eye-opening especially for those who have no idea what the Trump region is up to impeach Trump and all the people in the White House
 great story,  could have been better written
 Most of the information in this book has been previously reported in the media.  The book is riddled with errors including names, dates and identities.  The VP and Cabinet were not interviewed.  The sourcing isn’t listed.  The author endows people in the WH with opinions and emotions that are unverifiable.  That being said, considering that much of the information has been previously reported, the book paints a frightening picture of the presidency and perils facing the US with Donald Trump in the WH.
 I haven’t finished reading it, but it’s a good book. Glad I bought it
 The truth! The media said the same thing. No fake news but if you watched tv the same thing is in the book. What a discussing life!
 great informative yet sad book
 Great read!  Nothing surprising as it only reveals what we already knew, that tRump is narcissistic, moronic, corrupt, and amoral individual. The book provides a lot clues on how all the different clowns that have circulated through the White House fit in the big picture.  Some of it is speculation on Wolff's behalf, in terms of people's motivations and how they were thinking, but it is mostly there to connect the dots.  Highly recommended.
 Omg are things screwed up in the Trump wh.
 Well written and lived up to the hype!
 If only half true shows what a disaster this President is.<br/>Dysfunctional White House, Administration and family. God help us all.
 Really enjoyed reading this book, bought it first off the press.  Some parts read like they needed more editing time to smooth them out, but the subject matter is so timely and interesting that I was never sorry I read it from cover to cover.  I found myself making notes in the book, underlining.  The subject matter is very troubling, I don't think any President in history has ever had such a negative eyewitness review of his first 7 months in office before this, I hope there never will be another one.  I was never impressed with Trump before the election, he seems like a PT Barnum character, the kind who reads the audience and then gives them whatever will get their money.  When Wolff said Trump never expected to win &amp; acted like he only went into the campaign to get his "brand" more publicity, I was not at all surprised, it fit Trump's personality &amp; history, but I hoped for proof and didn't get it, so this statement seemed more like Wolff's own personal impression of Trump, not a reporter's handing us facts which Wolff is supposed to be doing.  Wolff did include many verbatim quotes from many of the people around Trump, the majority seemed to come from Bannon.  It leaves me wondering why the Trump team let Wolff in and why they said so many candid negative things about their boss and teammates in front of this reporter.  In fact, their letting him see them so starkly up close makes me realize even more how different and inexperienced this White House team is from all previous ones in recent history.  This book does explain some of the differences, like why Trump wasn't ready to assemble a WH team, he was never acting like a politician, he was acting like a performer on stage who'd soon walk off stage and back into his businesses with the added name recognition this would give him to make more money.  This may be the most important job in the world, and he isn't ready for it.
 great read
 If there is ever a book that the president of the United States and his lawyers don't want you to buy or read you should probably buy and read that book. This is that book.
 Just got through 100 pages of this book. Well written book. What an amazingly entertaining and soil your pants frightening book. To think this man has at his disposal the ability to end the world with a press of a few buttons. It's worse than people know. I recommend you read it even for pure comic amusement. Impeach or 25, this treasonous piece of garbage! In the meantime I will try to enjoy watching him being slowly crucified by his enemies in the Intel community, congress, media and his own administration whom he disrespected as the leaks to media continue. He was warned. GOD, HONOR AND COUNTRY! and to hell with the enemies of our democracy.
 PHEN. OM. EN. AL.  What a read!  This is exactly what I thought it would be and more.  I only put it down to write this review.  The book takes you step by step, from campaign into the White House.  Lots and lots of quotes in the book to tell the story.  Definitely recommend this one.  Easy to see why the people who support Trump want to deny it’s validity and truthfulness before they’ve even read it.  Although it’s flattering to some who surrounded Trump, it is definitely not, for Trump.  I have new found respect for some of the people he surrounded himself with, but for others, not so much, and definitely not for “the Donald”.  Twenty stars for this book.
 Comedy of errors. This would be funny if it were not about the man with a finger on the “football”.
 Excellent insight!
 Entertaining to say the least.
 If you followed the news, you knew most of if not all the details.<br/>The book did show how lost the president really is
 Nothing new but need to read..
 Eye opening and corroborating. Very well written yet reads more like a Dan Brown novel, although non-fiction. I highly recommend!
 Not very well written, from a copy editor's perspective. It was also interesting, and informative, and I loved hearing about the shenanigans of the current administration. It supported the negative things I have heard/thought about Trump and his White House staff - basically, they are a bunch of money-hungry, selfish, manipulative, uncaring, ignorant, uneducated fools. Nothing has changed since I finished the book. Keep in  mind that this book is based on opinion, not fact. I would compare it to reading People magazine, or other Infotainment - it is NOT news.<br/>I was compelled to buy this book after hearing that Trump tried to prevent Amazon from selling this book. I will never buy another book by this author due to the poor writing.  I agree with the reviewer that mentioned the writer's unfortunate use of overly complex vocabulary. I have a BA in English and am a medical copy editor, and have read extensively my entire life. Some of the words chosen made me say "whoa!" in my head, if you know what I mean.
 Love it.
 Michael makes you reflect on the current state of affairs.
 A must read.  It's a zoo at the WH and will always be until the President is impeached.
 The book shows that Donald Trump is not a good President! He is against the system built over the past 200 years!
 45 didn’t want it to come out so I knew what I had to do — buy it. I’m not disappointed. What a foul creature we have in office. Sad. The worst. Bigly scary.
 time will tell if all the things written in this book comes true. A Book every American should have.
 It was a decent read, nothin should come as a surprise and there wasn’t any great revelation if you have even read the news headlines over the past year.  Good marketing move on the authors part even though he burnt a lot or bridges producing this book.
 'Fire and Fury' is a fun read.  I enjoyed reading Wolff's prose and he really pulls you into WH intrigue, some of which has already been exposed, blended in with new observations. Well worth buying!
 Good read, a lot of unsubstantiated information- still fun- as you can certainly imagine most of it happening
 The book was Ho-Hum but informative.
 After reading this book I find some of the missing pieces explained.  It is an interesting read.
 felt like the author wanted to make sure to add every word from his word-a-day vocabulary calendar.
 Take it with a grain of salt. It was an easy, fun read, but more for entertainment than true factual knowledge.
 First amendment.
 A bit over hyped.  Nothing too much new in the book.  Rife with grammatical errors.  Seemed slapped together.  Also, Wolff has a habit of including asides in the middle of sentences repeatedly which make it annoying to read.  Often these asides have nothing much to do with the broader sentence structure.
 A well written literary depiction of how messed up the White House really is and why we should never elect someone who knows nothing about how DC works.
 Enjoyed the read. But I also enjoy People Magazine. It's a proper summation of much read about Trump in the main stream media. Not an important political treatise but an interesting one.
 Much is already known/assumed about trump..I was worried the book just be a rehash like some of Woodwards later books about the Bush years. I was pleasantly surprised, absolutely a must read book about the internal workings and infighting between Trump and his staff.; the power struggles and daily management of Trumps behavior and favor. All the leaking makes sense now from insights and revelations in the book. Great read.
 Very entertaining.
 Very well written. Spellbinding in its pace and revelations, this book- worthy of Shakespearean tragedy- is a must read. And you are guaranteed to be surprised.
 Intrresting book. Mostly uncorroborated.  It does in fact show a group of opportunists looking to enrich themselves at the expense of the general public.
 Lots of insider details.
 A fascinating read and providing great background into what makes Donald Trump tick.  Explains much of the ongoing White House activities that have followed the publication of this book and why Trump and his followers behave as they do.
 entertaining and important to know.
 I purchased this book on Kindle this morning. Like a few other reviewers have noted, I probably would not have purchased it except for the heavy handed tactics that have attempted to prevent this book from reaching the readers. I bought it to support the publisher, the author and freedom of speech.
 Poorly written, but the incidents described in this book on the Trump White House are scary and well worth a read. A commentary on the mediocrity of the team that made its way to the White House
 food for thought.
 Whether or not the quotes and actions attributed to the President’s staff are correct (though they do ring true), it is amazing to read a historical accounting of th past year. And horrifying.
 Sad and different.
 The book was very informative. Everyone needs to read this book, as well as other books on the market about the Trump White House, such as David Cay Johnston's It's Even Worse Than You Think. It is worse, much worse.
 Read this in two days
 READ IT !!
 I've been following the news since this guy started campaigning and I don't see any great secrets revealed in this book. Isn't it all common knowledge?
 My brother enjoyed reading it .
 Well written, paints an embarrassing picture of the administration and yet you somehow still feel sorry for the Donald. He truly is lost and alone and much as he wants to be loved.
 This is verification of what I thought the present administration would be like. Having watched and been aware of "the Donald" for my entire life. He is not a decent person, a good businessman and is certainly not competent to lead a country.
 Boring book.  Didn't really tell me anything new.
 I'm not a Trump fan. To be honest I haven't finished the book. He annoys me daily in the news so I just haven't taken the time to finish the read. I will someday.
 Since Trump is boring, so is the book, reflecting his stupid actions. Nothing really new.
 great book, was hard to put down
 Very entertaining and informative.
 Loved the book, but then I'm a Democrat!
 Real life report. There is another novel after this one was published. So much more. Incredible for the US. An apple is an apple...<br/>Fake new! #Fake president. This is why he is so relateble...He lies!
 I bought it because tRump tried to stop it. I read it because I wanted to know what the fuss was about. I finished it because I wanted to see how well it corroborated the news and media. There didn't appear to be anything earth shattering here, though it was an enjoyable read. I didn't much like the writing style... a bit too tabloidy for me. I prefer the work and style of Woodward. It was a bit difficult following all the characters, but that's tRumpland isn't it... full ofcharacters
 AS ADVERTISED...A MUST READ FOR ALL....
 Quite rambling and difficult to follow. Not worth all of the hype that it has gotten on the press. Hopefully other books about this chaos will be better.
 Difficult to distinguish fact from hearsay from opinion. Engaging prose. The author is clearly involved in the events, perhaps too much so.
 Great read!  Nothing surprising. Only confirmed what I suspected aboyt #45.
 Even if none of this is true, it still makes for an entertaining enough read!
 Couldn't put it down... Read cover to cover in 2 days!
 It is an interesting book - surely a page turner for the most part. Overall it provides a decent, and plausible story line to understand the "whys" behind a lot of the public events we are all familiar with. It is still largely narrative in nature and very few times significantly insightful. It looks as if a significant chunk of it was dictated by Bannon - no one else is given a protagonist point of view in the story.<br/>I found the writing style curious. There were long sentences, part separated by commas - and dashes - in ways, just as this, to possibly give a veneer, if not a facade of - not in literal sense - intellectualism.<br/>I liked that there were several well used words for which I had to consult the dictionary.
 Mr Wolf has the credentials and had the access needed to give us an insiders look at the happenings at Pennsylvania Avenue. It is so good I would super size it if I could.
 i thought it was boring.  i watch msnbc very frequently and i already knew much of what author was wriring about, except for the "little details".  ginger
 mind boggling
 This book gives insight into what most civilized people already know. Trump is a self serving, pretentious ass, who accuses the media and others of false truths, of which ironically, HE is most guilty of.
 Better than I expected. I usually Don't buy this type of book, but am glad I made the exception.
 Interesting read, scary to o.
 interesting read if you hate djt. questionable if you don't. wait until hearings are over to judge.
 Interesting, given the subject.  Just a few things surprised me, other than that it<br/>was already in the papers.  Wait for the library version
 Most was public knowledge if you are a news addict ( I am ) and I lost confidence in the author after a few televised  interviews.. I’m waiting with baited breath for the  Comey book!
 Thoroughly enjoyed.
 Great Book!!!
 I liked the content. It revealed to me the idea that Trump never thought he’d win, hence his poor transition. What I really liked was that I looked up new words and phrases, something rare these days. I dare say any future historians will consider it requisite reading
 Great book, sad reality.
 ok read
 interesting book about a clown
 I teetered between 2 and 3 stars, which means I'm somewhere between "don't like the book" and "it's okay. Here's why. The book was poorly written. Mechanically, there were way too many breaks (commas everywhere) throughout the flow of reading. Combine this with there were too many sophisticated words throughout the whole book, and there were typos and grammatical errors along with that. All these things distracted my attention away from what Mr. Wolff was trying to convey. I ultimately lose interest thus stopped reading the book.<br/><br/>To Mr. Wolff: If a reader is spending more time looking up the meaning of words or is constantly re-orientating because there are so many parenthetical notations, they will probably lose interest. I'm sure the material that surrounds the disaster our country is in right now is quite complicated. The task of explaining all this should not involve additional layers of confusion and arcane language.
 Great book
 Funny and scary real life drama as fly on the wall in the White House. A bit trashy at times, but very very amusing.
 Excellent read
 Why LOL you say?  Because you can count me in as one of many who saw this presidential scenario for what it could be long before the pitiful excuse of an electoral college elected this sorry piece of humanity.  I laugh to ward off despair as I see this country becoming mired in the muck this man and his enablers have allowed us to sink.  Wolfe has given us a valuable insight into just how low a man who only cares for his own personal gain will take  this nation.
 Great Read
 What a read! And this guy can write.
 Absolutely mesmerizing. A rare diorama portraying the bickering, backstabbing dysfunctional family feud Whitehouse as it is, led by a moronic egomaniac,surrounded by a Gong Show of sycophantic unqualified and incompetent social climbers who are more concerned about media spin than running the country! Unbelievable. God help America.
 Good reading that leads one to the truth.
 More about Bannon, Ivanka and Jared than Trump, though it certainly reflects on his management style, lack of conviction, and lack of knowledge and qualifications for the job.
 Informative. Some things I already knew from@45's big mouth.
 Was ok .. i think i was caught up in the hype but still a good book
 they used to have a word to describe a man who wears more makeup than a drag queen: a "clown" ...now there's another: trump
 Let the Truth be known!  In 20 years, history will have this as a footnote, along with the history books!
 Very interesting reading regardless of your opinion of Trump!!!  Found it very entertaining loved it!
 Just plain scary. At least with the Nixon and Bush follies there was some sense of "order" or "controlled chaos". The Trump saga is like a clown car with too many clowns that has no circus to call home. I become less hopeful every day this administration drags on that what's left of democracy will be salvageable, much less noticeable.
 Some interesting information about what's been going on behind the scenes with the Trump administration, but it's painfully evident that this book was rushed to press. It is poorly written with so many digressions that following the author's train of thought becomes impossible at times. I read 150 pages, got the gist and moved on.
 Insight in to how we ended up here and where we might end up if Trump isn’t stopped. Good read.
 Funny book, but because of high demand, by the time I received my advance purchase, it was already available in local book stores.
 Excellent insights on the way Trump thinks and the way he runs his administration.  Also very disturbing to realize the reckless and thoughtless way this POTUS is handling his responsibilities.
 To begin with, I was very irritated by all the editing mistakes that appeared in the Kindle edition. Writers lose some credibility when their "finished" product is riddled with grammatical errors. This book is just not well-written. At first the account was galvanizing, especially seeing in print one of Trump's speeches--which I would assign a D-minus at best. Incoherent, highly repetitive writing (or in this case Trump's speaking) indicates incoherent thinking; the president does not argue, he asserts. He has anecdotes but no evidence. Facts are clearly anathema to him; logic escapes him. But all this is really no surprise because he has shown himself over and over to be a vain, emotionally needy idiot, who is a compulsive liar being propped up by immoral toadies (in his staff and in congress). That said, after the first 90 or so pages, I became really bored. And why not? Trump (the subject of the book, after all) has nothing to say. He has no plans to solve the country's many problems and seems dangerously susceptible to repeating what the last person he talked to said.
 extremely interesting view of the dysfunction of this White House from an insider
 If you follow the news you tonight you pretty much know what’s in the book I didn’t find it anymore informing them that
 Comprehensive and deep analysis with for cast proved to be true 100%,  courageous and could be excellent adviser to any future president and with his insight and wisdom would be beneficial to ethical Great America.
 It shows Trumps characteristics well in every corner of the politics.
 What a fascinating account of the first 10 months of the Trump Administration. This book provides the missing piece of the reporting; naming the leakers.  The one factor under-explored was why there were so many competing interests in the first place. A true leader, not merely a personality, would have melded all factions together.  So sad.
 I guess it told me a good story about a man whose self is so distorted and revealing by the writer that you just have to judge for yourself.....
 Nice book and still in the process of reading.
 Very interesting
 You can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear--what else is new?
 The awkward writing style keeps this from being a completely effortless binge read for me. However, I learned how Donald does his hair!
 Accounts are as expected.
 Writer Michael Wolff understands the instincts, greed and hubris of Trump and people in his inner and outer circle like nobody else does. Trump is an epitome of narcissism and Michael understands that perfectly well. Regardless of whether one believes that some facts may be embellished, this is a must read for anyone who seeks to understand Trump
 Interesting
 I first bought the Audible version, and I completed it over the weekend.  I didn't want it to end.  I then got my hands on the print version and read it carefully to see if the answers to questions that eluded me the first time through were actually therein.  I still want to know:  What was the impact of Ailes' demise on Trump's world?  The extreme focus on Jarvanka and Hope Hicks is  pretty heavy, so is this just Bannon's story-telling or are there in truth other primary culprits who are overlooked in this book?  I'm also still not clear: when did Bannon KNOW that the Russians-Jr. meeting was going on? What is DJT's opinion of Pence? Wolff writes about everyone else's opinion of Pence, but we get no insight into Trump's view (is he a threat? is he a lapdog? will he be short-lived?).  Are the Mercers the ultimate puppet-masters? Is Bannon a "deep throat" in plain sight??  I need MORE, MORE, MORE!!<br/><br/>My view of DJT is not different after reading this book, but my view of each and every other personality in the campaign and the WH certainly is.  Maybe the one thing that did slightly surprise me about DJT was his awareness early on that his campaign team was a bunch of losers and that many of those people were injected into the campaign by people other than DJT himself.  Yet despite that truth, Wolff seems to echo Bannon's view that Jarvanka -- whom DJT hand-picked -- and the Jarvanka inner circle will be the cause of this president's demise, PERIOD.
 Much better than I anticipated!  I don't believe that anything likethis has ever happened (to this extent) in the history of our country.
 A book about narcissists written by another. Interesting read about the inside of DC and power players and their wannabes.
 Such an amazing, thoughtful and honest overview/details about a very disturbing takeover of our Executive Branch. Disturbing to read, but every American should read it, to ensure we are ready for the next takeover.
 loved it, an interesting read......
 This book reinforces my opinion of the current presidential siituation...I feel great sadness that our most respected office acts out like a middle school child. Informative read.
 Very engrossing book.
 OMG. This isn’t a nightmare<br/>.
 Simply enjoyed reading his book.
 Enjoying this immensely. Well written &amp; exactly the mindless chaos I expected.
 Hysterical book, good read!
 Worth the read, just to get an understanding of who all the players are and where they came from.
 Enlightening.
 yep. well worth it.
 Must be read with a healthy skepticism, this book captures a helpful view and timely essence of unmitigated chaos within the early Trump presidency.  Provides much appreciated insights into the types of people who attach themselves to this weirdly abrasive/ultimate narcissist/outsider/insider, yet partisan-worshipped, President.  Too bad it wasn’t for his entire presidency, what with the government shutdown and all.  But it was important to get this information out to the public ASAP.  There is likely no one who can complete this full story the way it should be done.
 Great read.
 Excellent account of the internal issues associated with the current adminstration.
 Fast, fascinating, infuriating read.
 Very good book, someone’s opinion other than mine.
 I believe every word of it and I am sure in reality it is even more insane!
 A must read.<br/><br/>The author connects the dots in way that sheds a lot of light on what has been going on at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.
 Can’t wait for the mid terms.
 Yes, it’s as scary and crazy as you thought. Well written and full of spot on insight and analysis. Highly recommended for reading whether you support Trump or not.
 Love it!
 Anything that exposes this charlatan is a good thing
 Must read..... Trump exposed
 Tells pretty much how chaotic the Trump White House really is.  Just a bunch of clowns,pretending to know how to run a government. Sad!
 just too much of what you would expect exists behind closed doors so had to put it down
 I thought it was quite interesting, and it is well written considering the author hacked it out in a hurry.
 If only 1/10th of the contents is true, we are in deep trouble!  Very disturbing.
 Pretty cool read, actually. Funny, pathetic and well-written.<br/>A "Confederacy of Dunces" in the White House. I'm surprised at how authentically it reads (colloquially/historically/journalistically).  Satisfying to the vision we already share collectively. Bannonesquely molded, but in an honest fashion.
 I did enjoy this book.  I did think the author used a lot of very big words but it was very interesting.
 The narration of this book makes it had to put down.  I HIGHLY recommend it.  ENJOY  !!
 A great read.
 Michael Wolff's book is perhaps one of the most frightening books of the year about the Trump presidency. The inside look of President Trump's first year is frightening and terrifying more than any of Stephen King's horror novels combined. The fact that it's true is worse.<br/><br/>I was only five classes away from a second Bachelor's degree in political science. Never in my wildest dreams do I wish for somebody else to be President at this time. I was surprised in reading about Vice President Pence and his wing in the White House as being structured and functional in comparison to Trump.<br/><br/>Trump's illiteracy about government and politics is painfully obvious when he brought up Rosie O'Donnell in a Presidential debate. Trump is clueless about reality and the political world.<br/><br/>I don't know where Trump's presidency is headed for but this book paints a terrifying picture of an unstable ill-equipped man to handle it. He shouldn't have gotten the Republican nomination nor win the election. He didn't get alone. He had millions of enablers as voters who voted for him.
 Excellent.
 This book proved to be as fiery as advertised! Many more and New Revelations regarding Mr. Trump and his White House.
 Thank you Mr. Wolff for taking this writing on and being a looking glass into the incomprehensible first year of the worst presidency in history; and sharing it with us. It's amazing what you can learn if you just pay attention and ask the right questions.  And to those who are considering this book ... Get it, read it, think about the past year and what we've all been put through by the ineptitude, selfishness, lies, insecurity and cruelty of 45 and this administration and get ready for a very good read that will reinforce what you already know .... What a clusterf this administration is. Let's all start paying attention and demand more from our elected officials and public servants and start the movement to CHANGE this.
 Lets us know what we have running this country
 Gave good insight what is happening behind the scenes. One appreciates the personalities and how  they see one another, especially Trump
 I don't like that it is not verified facts.  It was interesting but nothing I would purchase again.
 Interesting topic, but the book was written in Trump speak - difficult to follow and often repeating what was already written.
 Act I: Snatching Victory from the Jaws of Defeat<br/><br/>Although Kellyanne Conway and Steve Bannon had quietly predicted a Trump victory, no one, including them, believed it would actually happen. In fact, to a man, even before the electoral college votes were counted, team trump was already making a virtue out of necessary by completing their resumes and preparing to “cash-in” on taking the lost gracefully, wishing only that it not be a complete “blow-out.” But then the impossible happened: Trump won!<br/><br/>Act II: Setting up the Organizational Chart: A Trump/Mercer thing<br/><br/>In the waning days of the campaign, the financing got really dicey, and quickly began to go sideways. This was due primarily to Trump seeing a sure lost in the offing, balked on continuing his pledge to self-finance. This hesitation during the stretch run, left the back door open for the ultra-rightwing billionaires, Rebeka and Robert Mercer to jump in at the last minute; rescue the Trump operation; and set themselves up to extract a price from Trump for being the campaign’s saviors.<br/><br/>When he did in fact win, the Mercer’s found themselves in “the cat bird seat:” They had hit the mega-lottery. The price for being Trump’s financial saviors, at least on the surface, appeared to be relatively cheap. It was only to have Kellyanne Conway and Steve Bannon added to Trump’s first-string White House roster.<br/><br/>Having no political experience, or even friends to provide political advice, beyond Rudy Guiliani and Chris Christie, Trump simply had no choice but to accept the Mercers’ subtle fait accompli. Thus, in the opening days of the Trump administration, Conway and Bannon, plus the trump family, was the Trump first-string team.<br/><br/>The initial organizational chart consisted of five components. The first, and arguably the most important, was “the message to the media” component. Weaponizing the Tweetersphere would become Trump’s forte. He enlisted Conway to back him up in this endeavor by making her the face of the administration to the media.<br/><br/>The second component was the ideology and policy formulation component. Even though Trump would have a revolving door set of Chief’s of staff, owing to Trump’s lack of political knowledge and expertise, directing policy strategy was an area reserved for, and left almost exclusively to, Steve Bannon. With only occasional and loose Trump oversight via late night consultations, Bannon would rule this area like it was his own private fiefdom — almost completely unchallenged — until, that is, overreach caused his downfall.<br/><br/>Finally, there was the bureaucratic component, which made up the rest of the organizational chart. It involved the Chief of Staff work; the liaison work of interacting and communicating with the Congress, Department heads, civic organizations and indeed with the rest of the world — as well as carrying out the operational tasks of scheduling, speech-writing, and making the trains run on time.<br/><br/>This component sat between what used to be called “governmental institutions” and the “swamp-draining 45th US President.” At least through the first year, this last component would remain a grab bag left fallow, eventually being picked up by a revolving door of assorted second-string recruits, whose only employment requirements were that they: (1) not appear smarter than their boss, and (2) that they demonstrate undying loyalty and respect for him and his family. Coupled with keeping the family secrets shielded from public scrutiny while pretending to be unaware that the family was busy using government to increase the family wealth, these two requirements were exactly the same as for everyone else.<br/><br/>Act III: Implementing Policy: The War of the Incompetents<br/><br/>Beneath the organization chart, two primary competing power centers had formed: Ivanka and Jared versus Bannon. By design, the lines of authority had been blurred enough that the only thing certain was that they all led directly to Trump, and that he remained unchallenged in the clock tower on the 26th floor of Trump’s Fifth Avenue building. From there, and from Mar a Largo, as much as from the West Wing, Trump mediated all disputes and made decisions by rarely seeking counsel from anyone other than himself.<br/><br/>Predictably, this environment turned into organizational chaos, quickly devolving further into all-out internecine warfare between competing micro-fiefdoms. The weapon of choice for all combatants was self-righteous, whiny back-biting leaks to the press.<br/><br/>Arguably, since he at least had some policy experience, and always seemed on the same ideological wave length as Trump, Bannon had the upper hand in these struggles. However, realizing that he had an enviable advantage, from the start Bannon pressed this advantage too far, ending up repeatedly playing his hand badly. Hated by everyone because of his gruffness, his sloppiness and his haughty “holier than thou” ideological purity posturing and attitude, in which he never passed up an opportunity to make clear that he was the sharpest knife in the drawer, Bannon overreached: Somehow he thought he could use his advantage to “bully” the Trump family itself into bending to his will?<br/><br/>So long as he knew his place, and stayed in his lane, Trump allowed Bannon to do so. But the Trumps all nervously watched him like a hawk, giving him just enough rope to hang himself, which Bannon eventually did, three times in fact before he was finally exiled and put to death for good.<br/><br/>Heavy-handed, Bannon, like Trump, did not deal in subtlety or nuance, and inevitably tried to drive a wedge between Trump and Jarvanka, going so far as to urge Trump to get his own daughter and son-in-law out of the White House? But here he had grossly overplayed his hand the final time: The Trumps closed ranks, and Steve was toast.<br/><br/>Act IV: Special Prosecutor: The Beginning of the end<br/><br/>To say that the Trump brand was a complicated business affair, would be a monument to understatements. Trump had made his bones as a highly visible New York Real Estate Mogul. Financially he had been up and down so many times that it was difficult to determine whether he was in fact a multi-billionaire or once again on the edge of bankruptcy. The only thing certain was that no one could be allowed to tamper with his brand, or know what he was really worth, or what he and his family was really up to? And for these he needed protection.<br/><br/>Not fully understanding how government worked, Trump went about the business of acquiring protection by breaking all the furniture and rules of institutional power. His technique was right out of The Godfather playbook: Bring in the people from competing governmental institutions, so that they can run interference for the Trump empire, by pledging their undying loyalty only to him personally.<br/><br/>In this regard, he had some initial success with the CIA, the first step in finding protection. However, Bannon had warned him not to try the same tactics with the FBI. When he clumsily tried to lean on, and then reel-in Jim Comey of the FBI, Bannon knew that Trump had made a fatal mistake. When Comey balked at Trump’s crude heavy-handed entreaty, Trump fired him, setting off a mini-firestorm that resulted in the appointment of a much more fearsome threat to the Trump empire and family secrets, a Special Prosecutor, one tasked to look into every nook and cranny of the Trump empire, especially into whether  collusion had occurred with Russia during the election that brought Trump to power; or more importantly, into whether there was something more untoward and fishy in the cozy relationship between Vladimir Putin and Donald John Trump?<br/><br/>Act V: The Unravelling of DJT<br/><br/>Up to the writing of this book, the author had been given enviable access to the West Wing allowing him to compose this, the first draft of Trump presidential history. However, from the start, what he saw, hanging out on the couch in the lounge of the West Wing, alarmed him.<br/><br/>It was not just the knocking over of institutional furniture through gross incompetence, or the hubris, the vicious infighting, or even the unearned sense of entitlement. But there also was something else too — something intangible and hard to put one’s finger on — but it was unmistakably there: DJT was beginning to unravel. Whether his unraveling was just continued anxiety and hyper-sensitivity to the potential for further damaging the Trump Brand, or the prospect of uncovering a more sinister financial connection between the Trump empire and Russian intelligence, remains to be proven.<br/><br/>As the Special Prosecutor’s investigation inexorably inches closer and closer to the Trump family jewels — whatever they my be — “team Trump” has circled the wagons, lawyered-up, and all are keeping their powder dry for the final onslaught. Will the trump empire survive? ... Stay tuned. Five stars
 Very interesting read.
 Enjoyed it
 Interesting.  Especially given what is continuing to happen<br/><br/>Writing needs some work -- too rambling<br/><br/>Need a sequel in about 6-8 monthd
 But unfortunately, Wolff doesn't provide many footnotes nor sources!  Worth the read and definitely recommended.  Five more words are required??!
 worse news than you thought
 Good book
 A professionally researched and written piece of history. A MUST READ for all Americans, whether Democrat or Republican.
 Wolff gives a fly-on-the-wall glimpse of Trump's disasterous Oval Office.  We learn that Trump is a kettle of water, always on the verge of boiling over.  He is disgusting, deplorable, and unfit to be President; but we already knew this!  The book is more a confirmation than a revelation!
 Everybody wants to borrow my book and read it. Most sought after book I've every known.
 This is the mass-market hit job on President Donald Trump that he deserves.  The book reads like a trashy novel and is filled with what amounts to tabloid gossip.  Grab a barf bag, as this book, like this presidency, will make you sick to be an American.  Wolff shows Trump for the terrible human being that we know he is and you will feel the glee of seeing the school bully get his butt kicked in the school yard.  Trump likes to roll in the mud and now he is covered in it.  Good.  But, for you politically savvy readers, it needs to be said, Michael Wolff is no Bob Woodward.
 This book came out with much fanfare. Some critics cited the book's inaccuracies. Suggest you check out the fact-checking done by PolitiFact. (They do a good job segmenting the major themes.)  Knowing the inaccuracies did nothing to take away from the enjoyment of this book, and to me, the errors are minor, non-material, more innocent mistakes than intentional omission. Nothing compared to the Grand Error in the Oval. Michael Wolff knows how to keep you glued to the narrative. There's foresight here already proving to be deadbolt true.Truth?! Imagine that! Bannon predicted it. The Mueller probe will, to quote Robert E. Lee, "strike the tent."
 Great read
 This is a gossip view of the White House and its inhabitants. I did not learn anything I did already knew or suspected but a fun read.
 Gives you a better view of the past months of the White House.  I always said Trump was not very bright; this book proves it.
 A must read.
 INTERESTING BUT BIASED ACCOUNT. IF TRUE, WE ARE IN DEEP TROUBLE. ONE CAN ONLY HOPE- AS THEY READ THIS ACOUNT OF OUR COMMANDER IN CHIEF-THAT THE AUTHOR HAS EXAGGERATED THE WHITE HOUSE DRAMA. IF THIS IS TRUE, GOD HELP US ALL.
 Let's everyone know what probably happened.  The author comes to many of his own conclusions but he is probably spot on.
 Enjoyed it.
 Very interesting...
 amazing
 Went to the bookstore today to pick up a copy of "Fire and Fury" because I wanted to parade around the store with it in hand, but they were sold out. Went to another bookstore - same thing. Sold out for weeks to come. The library has a months long wait list for this book as well. I knew I could always download a copy to my Kindle, which I did end up doing. But oh how I loved just being able to ask loudly at the bookstore, "What? Sold out? Fire and Fury is SOLD OUT? For how long? WOW!"
 Fun read!
 I guess I could have just waited a bit longer into his presidency.  He is true to everything said in this book.  Very sad.
 Although you may approach this story with measured skepticism, within minutes you find yourself shaking your head, saying “Yes, that seems exactly like what is happening...” All the outward appearances and widespread reporting merely support and confirm the inside story this book alleges. There was not a single anecdote that caused me to question Mr. Wolf’s inside information. This book was fascinating to read, and somewhat cathartic, if not actually offering any hope or solution for the future.<br/><br/>It will be interesting to see events unfold, based on my new inside information and understanding of the cast of characters driving our future.
 Interesting read although nothing surprising from this inept administration.
 Enjoyed.
 Hurray for Michael Wolff!! Love it!
 The book has given the reader the ability to see for yourself. They call the book fake however, the book does not speak it only give us insight of what to look for! Mr. Wolff wrote the book Mr Trump is authenticating the manuscript!
 It was okay. Not as juicy as I thought it would be.Read about 3/4 of it hoping if would get better. I will finish it, but don't know when.
 Easy to read, much of the book recounts the many publicized missteps of DJT. The news within the book is the degree of animus between the “Bannonists” and the “Jarvankas” (Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump).
 Delivered in great time at a great price.
 Great stories.  I hate Trump so much I don't care if they are fabricated.  Very believable and entertaining.
 Luther Strange won the election but not according to this author. What else did he get wrong?  Interesting stuff in a flawed text.
 Don't read this book unless you have a strong stomach for what is going on in the White House.  The book is loaded with facts that will leave you with the uneasy feeling that our leader is an ignorant malignant narcissistic sociopath, surrounded by incompetent, scrapping advisors.  I honestly still can't believe that nearly half of those who voted put him in a position of power where he can even start a nuclear war on his own.
 Exciting and mildly disappointing at the same time! Exciting to be in the White House and read the rampant disfunction as overseen by the author. Disappointing in that there were no big news bombs that were not already on the evening news.
 This incompetent group allowed Wolff to hang out in ththe West Wing for months. It’s on them that what he observed was chaos. We deserve to know what’s going on and this is worse than mainstream media has reported. Good luck everyone!
 Lots of political stuff.
 I really like the insude scoop on Chump. 🤣
 scary
 Trump's stupid moves and comments, love it.
 Great book,lots of new stuff I didn’t know before .
 Interesting
 An eye opener; very insightful
 Just simply affirms what we all already knew.  He is exactly what he says he is, DEPLORABLE!
 Worth the asking price.
 I couldn't put this book down.  Very well written.
 The truth hurts Trump!
 This was a very insightful rendering of the mess in the White House
 Fun read. Enjoyed it very much.  Recommended reading.
 I slogged through this book. I found Michael Wolff's style hard to read. He overuses commas, so much so that you can actually get lost in a sentence. I actually counted a sentence with 9 commas in it. <br/><br/>While the book does provide some interesting insight into the workings of this inexplicably dysfunctional White House, I found it was mostly just a re-living of the seemingly never-ending nightmare that is "President" Trump. Mostly, I just wanted the book to be over.<br/><br/>You'll learn some interesting facts about the players (most of whom are actually gone at this point because the administration is perpetually crumbling) like Bannon, Priebus, Jared &amp; Ivanka, Flynn, etc. I enjoyed understanding these sinister figures a little bit more.<br/><br/>Can't say I'd really recommend this unless you are a masochist.
 Relates the chaos of the White House
 While it offers a lot of insights....it also states a lot of things the Author could not possibly know....half book half gossip...
 good to know
 A good read. Tons of insight!
 Interesting and scary.
 Great book!
 It’s an enjoyable book to read and learn more about the Donald Trump phenomenon. Full of stories and behind the scene stuff. The good confirms the assumptions that we had about Trump: can’t process information, has a super ego and he was packaged by Steve Bannon
 He is such an "A-- H---." God help us all!!!
 The book was a fake!  How does he have the quotes with out actually interviewing some of the contacts.  Do not waste your time.
 A terrifying must-read narrative of an unhinged H-bomb of a very accidental winner.  We are inevitably all losers.  Citizen United unleashed to wreck havoc on our democracy,  and the results is the King has no brain.
 Well written and very entertaining. An easy read.
 Why use such big words? It's like Mr. Wolff went through thesaurus and used such big inane words he could find. It does however reaffirm that Dump needs to go!
 Reading this is your public duty
 As others have mentioned, anyone who has closely followed this disastrous presidency will find a lot of this information familiar. In a nutshell, a couple of people who have no business in the White House have pushed their widely different agendas onto a petulant, distracted, and disinterested man who has no concept of politics, and no desire to learn. He did not expect to or truly desire to win this election.<br/><br/>Wolff provided great insight into how truly chaotic this administration has been. Well done!
 Very informative.  Worth the read!
 Well, Trump didn't want to be president and I don't want him to be president. Can we end this nightmare now?
 FUN!!!!
 This purchase was solely to express my support of the First Amendment.
 like reading a tabloid.  i have been following current events in detail the last several years and a lot of what he says is true.
 needed this book and others about a year before the election...
 Great
 Puts trump’s behavior, personality, and analytical abilities in context.
 Oh my what an eye opener.  Great book.
 ...dumpster fire of a presidency
 Great book
 Not much to like . Typical Trump book  that relies on quotes from Steve Bannon and hearsay.
 This is one of the most entertaining books about the real story and what people really think about this White House
 Well written and interesting reading.
 An insiders look md then some!
 The book validated some of the things I suspected, but it wasn't THAT book.  Read it once, and that is enough.
 Good book
 The majority of us already knew this. Thank you for giving us proof. If only a third of it is true, good grief. Get him out of there.
 First chapter was interesting but then became an overview of old news.
 Excellent and eye-opening
 You are going to drop your jaws with everything written here.
 Absolutely fascinating. I could not put it down. I am glad we still ahve freedom of speech.
 Outstanding but not entirely surprising for those closely following President Sicko Liar-in-Chief.
 Wov. I love it.
 Disappointed. Writing is poor. Jumps around. Not holding my interest, and I really wanted to get a behind the curtain peek at this presidency.
 The book confirms my worst fears about Trump's inability to be President and says little positive about all the others that compose his executive staff.  The attraction to be close to power in the White House most be intoxicating for many people, regardless to who is President.  With his never ending need to be loved, praised, and admired by everyone around him it is hard to believe that he will ever be happy or successful as President.  With so many people who despise Trump it is easy to see how he could turn into a paranoid Nixon/Joseph McCarthy  who think people who don't stand and cheer him are treasonous and the media needs to be silenced.  It doesn't say anything good about our country that his 35% faithful followers believe that he really cares about them when his three most famous words from TV are "you're fired".  You can't cut cut taxes and increase the national debt by a trillion dollars and deliver all the things he said in the State of Union Address.  I just wish that more Americans would actually try to read and learn about issues and not just listen to empty sound bites.
 Interesting but all the juicy stuff was on the news.  Confirms it is as bad as we thought. Quick read
 Fun read if you hate Trump.
 Great read<br/>Love it
 This is a hard read. I start to read it and within 5 pages I have to put it down.<br/>.
 Very entertaining.
 The meta analysis of this remarkable book by much of the self-flagellating mainstream media, fueled by paranoia about perceived liberal bias, has been silly and superfluous. Five minute segment-opening disclaimers about lack of independent corroboration and surgical dissection of specific quotes, scenes and attributions seem to suggest this is a piece of investigative journalism, which it is not and the author never claims it to be. The Washington Post, New York Times and others are already doing historic and admirable work in this regard.<br/><br/>The reader needs to accept this book for what it is, a travelogue of the author’s journey down the rabbit hole and into the tragic and depraved insanity that is Trumpworld.  We shouldn’t expect triple source corroboration of every anecdote or dialogue any more than we would expect it from descriptions of Alice’s encounters with the Mad Hatter and various other similarly fantastical characters. It also shouldn’t matter that he insinuated himself into Trumpworld through deceitful flattery. The aggrieved simply had to google “Michael Wolff” or ring Rupert Murdoch if they thought he was there to do a puff piece. Any House of Cards fan knew what Tom was up to.<br/><br/>In this context, the author provides us with a remarkably vivid and generally coherent view of the inner workings of one of the saddest and most tragic chapters in this country’s political history. Most importantly, this view comports very well with the collective narrative of an enormous volume of investigative reporting and other journalistic activity covering this period. The author makes clear that he is providing his own best, and likely imperfect, impression of the details of what transpired but this impression is not presented in a vacuum as a handful of deeply embedded sources, most notably Bannon, Walsh and Nunberg, happily provide extensive on-the-record commentary. Of course, as with even the most intensely sourced investigative piece, the biases of the on-the-record sources will tend to dominate the narrative and it is the discerning reader’s responsibility to account for this.<br/><br/>It is worth noting that readers looking to gorge on extra platefuls of salacious quotes will be disappointed. With the exception of a remarkable,extended and highly enlightening tirade by Bannon over Chinese food towards the end of the book and a insult by supposed FOD and party wingman Thomas Barrack, most of oh-my-god quotes were included in the pre-release excerpts and have already made headlines, much like a comedy movie trailer tends to give away all of the best jokes.  In between the hot bits, however, is a rich and engaging retelling of the Shakespearean tragedy unfolding behind the scenes of events we already know extremely well, the campaign, Election Day, the inauguration, the Flynn firing, the Comey firing, the Don Jr meeting and it’s coverup, Charlottesville, etc. Some of the most eye-popping and nauseating parts are verbatim recitations of Trump’s own words such as the surreal CIA HQ speech or the ping-pong of scripted vs spontaneous Charlottesville comments.<br/><br/>I have to give the author credit for getting this reader, as virulent a Bannon-hater as there is on the planet, to almost begrudgingly respect him as a man of passion, insight and purpose, even if to evil ends. It’s hard not to sympathize with his portrayal of the rest of the clown car brigade, including the Clown-in-Chief, as a bunch of hollow, vain, lightweights with no driving purpose other than their own personal glory and in some cases wealth and essentially no insight of how the sane world views them.<br/><br/>One final observation. This book is not the liberal bias affirmation piece you might expect. The author takes repeated shots at the liberal media, Obama, the Clintons, etc. in fact, I have to assume that the diehard MAGA crowd (including Breitbart, the Mercers and Hannity) who quickly rallied around the president’s family and banished Bannon to the wilderness over this excerpts from the book, don’t read just as their leader doesn’t read. If they did read this book, even with the most cynical of perspectives, they would have to conclude to their horror that the Jarvanka crowd, the “Democrats” as the Bannonites call them, have won the battle for the Trump’s “heart” and dominion over Trumpworld itself.
 Interesting and frightening. I read it quickly. But there are no notes for specific sources, etc, so ends up being hearsay.
 Am not sure it's 100% accurate, but it is a great read.  I do think it captures the general mood &amp; atmosphere of the Trump White House.
 Interesting...however it became boring after a while so I could not continue to the end because I feel the writer could have said the same things in a shorter format.
 I admit I'm a political junkie and I really liked this book.  There are minor editing errors but they do not distract from the overall coverage of this White House.  I like the way Michael Wolff writes and I think he did a very good job with this book.
 A BEST SELLER,, GOOD READ.
 Anyways.  All I can say...book of speculation, gossip and possible untruths.  You may like it if you are into this sort of material.
 But mostly the moron resides in Palm Beach and plays golf while the Nation burns. Again, an interesting read that you cannot put down.
 What a great book.
 What can i do to get this guy out ?  Vice President is not  winner !  DUMP TRUMP  sign on the back of my car !!!!!!!!!!!
 While it was difficult to read by the mere content, I enjoyed it<br/><br/>There were moments where my jaw dropped (actually more times than I can count), I laughed at the mere stupidity of the guy in charge and his cast of characters then cried thinking of the direction our country is headed.<br/><br/>God bless us all
 Well written book and get your dictionary out for some words that are also well used. I don't love the book only because it well is about our President and the people around him. Meaning what have we done--well see.
 Not well written
 A must read!<br/><br/>No revelations to anyone who has been paying attention, but enthralling anecdotes and stories from inside Trump’s White House.<br/><br/>It deserves to to sell more copies than the Bible.<br/><br/>I am buying copies for my Trump voting relatives.
 This books not only tells the American people how dysfunctional the current administration is, but how 45is not mentally fit to be the leader of this country.  This book does not tell us anything new, it just provides the specific details of who, what, when, where and why.  The sad part is that this country is being operated by billionaires and friends of 45 as illustrated in this book.  This is so sad that I fear for my children, my family and my community.  I pray that this too shall past and whatever lesson God wants us to get out of this is revealed soon.  I pray that all of the division that is created by 44 ends. We have overcome so much in this country to turn back.  We are in a constitutional crisis and we need our leaders to step up and think country over party and preserve our democracy before its to late.
 Since I received the book everyone has been reading and they say it's very good
 I believe it has some factual information in it.  It give me to wonder about our present government
 I think I liked this book so much because it reads like a sitcom of dramatic characters. The Trump administration is so full of petty idiots that they were constantly at each other’s throats. I’m not usually into non-fiction but I couldn’t put this one down!
 Good read
 Read with an open mind
 good
 My fear, is that even with the embellishments, it is all too true.
 Very enlightening presentation of our president.  It's hard to believe that he was elected. Enjoyable reading, interesting and thought provoking.  I plan to read it again as things have changed even while I have been reading.
 Great book, a must read!
 Hilarious and terrifying.
 The facts are believable. If Wolfe had stuck to them, and not included pages of so-called psychological analysis, the book would have been much better.
 Although the subject matter is interesting, Michael Wolfe's writing style is disjointed and often incomprehensible.
 Great book.  Facts are always better than fiction, especially when it is about an individual who brags about being bigger than life, but isn't.
 I listened to the Audible version because of a road trip, and couldn’t wait. The book was well-written and easy to follow. The narration was also well done, even with voice changes for quotes in a way that distinguishes from the rest of the text. I was pleased with the selection and size of direct quotes, which can be easily fact-checked. Wolff is addressing what we all need to hear: the emperor is wearing no clothes. I also picked up from the audio a criticism of the press for their role in this rapidly approaching constitutional crisis. Some in the media have been fawning and feeding the immature presidential ego, and others have gone straight to hand-wringing horror. It is clear the media has helped to create this monster. The author is actually more balanced in his approach than you would expect from the title and pre-release publicity. Also, an illustration of the problem is the president’s reaction to the release of this book. He thinks he is entitled to stop the publication. Hell, no! I will be purchasing the digital version to read again, and a hard copy (just because it is my right) to share.
 if you are beyond interested in what happens inside the white house, read the book. I for one, had to drag myself to the next page every turn. The writing style is interesting, but to me, there was no hook or anything to shock me into wanting to read more.
 Amazing revelations!
 Very Interesting Book !
 Although it was interesting to get an insider's perspective of the going's on in the White House, I did not find it all that revealing.
 it was ok, not sure what the hullaboo. was all about after reading it.  passed it on to my son in law and daughter.
 Purchased this audible book to show the person occupying the WH you cannot stop books from getting published.
 Illuminating. If it's true or even mostly true, I'm scared.
 I rolled my eyes while reading it because so much of it was unbelievablely horrible, but everything it said would happen, has actually happened. So it earns its 5 stars from me.
 Not nearly as salacious as it was reported to be.  The author provides lots of interesting background/inside information.  I enjoyed the book.
 Pretty goid
 A real eye-opener good read
 bought it for posterity.
 I like that Mr Wolff writes just like he speaks but his thoughts come thru as tho they've been organized with an egg beater.
 Clearly delineated factions within Trump's White House, but there wasn’t any earth-shattering revelations. Waiting to see how this plays out.
 I found it interesting but hard to read, seems the author uses unnecessary words causing confusion, not well written.
 It’s a good book it’s a good book it’s a good book it’s a good book. Good. Ok? Ok? Good.
 Order of the book is as chaotic as the White House it tries to describe.  Author's story line appears to have little relation to a calendar.
 it was 'okay'.  it basically reminded me of a condensed version of the past 18 months of news feed.
 No surprises here, but it is interesting and easy to read.<br/><br/>Oh, and you’ll worry about the future of the Republic and the survival of the species. I don’t want to forget that.
 Spellbinding and frightening. We are in the hands of a mad man. Trump is insane. And guilty.
 Great writing start to finish! Tells it like it should be told !!
 interesting.
 I hate Trump and Trumpism in ALL forms
 Unbelievably well written!
 A great read with a very candid, off-the-record picture of the chaos in Washington and the struggle of this administration to balance competing, often contradictory policy.
 INTERESTING "INSIDER" TAKE ON THE DYSFUNCTION OF OUR CURRENT LEADERSHIP.
 A look at the chaos in out White House.
 Took awhile to get it but WOW!!! Trump is crazy!!
 Tells it like it is !
 Wonderful reading information.
 I loved it and I will read it again. He needs to be impeacged.<br/><br/>Let him go out the door
 Not very good, waste of time
 This book shows just how crazy politics has become in this country. What we used to think of as extreme and unthinkable, is just normal every day stuff now. Crazy.
 Just started to read, so far very interesting
 Well written and worth the time to read. I think Michael Wolff filled in some details he probably couldn't know about to make the book more readable; however, the general issues we have with this president that he details ring true.
 Could not finish as the subject matter turns my stomach. Our country is a failure, and the *election* of this pig is proof.
 This book it’s well written and captures your attention. It shows one a front seat inside this crazy White House
 Great Book. Very enjoyable.
 Ordered on Kindle. We’re at an historic point in the course of our democracy. Will bad actors like Trump dismantle our democracy or will the resistance save it?
 Amazing, though criticized for its factual accuracy.<br/>I see no reason to assume that the gist of it is wrong.
 Finally...  the facts. It’s riveting.
 Go t kinda boring after awhile. Nothing that wasn’t all over the news.
 First I originally bought this book as an f-u to Trump for trying to dictate what books can be published and sold. However, this book  is worth reading. It's very detailed and well written book about our clownish president and what went on behind the walls. You'll laugh and then cry at the Idiocracy! For example, even if you don't read this book you must read the speech that he gave to the CIA right after becoming president. It is at best incomprehensible. It made me truly wonder if he is severely ADHD as he seems to not be able to complete a complete thought, before drifting into another idea.
 A most revealing book about the fraudulent administration we have
 Fast interesting reading.
 Even tho I knew most of the information, it was a good read and it’s good to have this documented. A dark time for our republic!
 Interesting read with novela quality! Read and make up your own mind about its content!
 My 4 yr old Nephew loved it, lots of fun. Well worth the money.
 Amazing book.  Its really a must read by everyone. It will give you new perspective on the Trump administraiton. Just amazing. Read it and make your own judgements.;
 This book is a must read.  If I could give more then 5 stars I would!!!  The truth will set you free Dontard!!!
 Oh boy, interesting worth every penny.
 Anything that tells the truth about this disgusting presidency is good!
 I liked the inside information, though, it wasn't anything I didn't already know.  What I like the least is the fact that everyone in the Whitehouse knows we have a fool for president, no-one will do anything about it.
 I liked his style of writing.  I also am quite interested in the facts that are slowly coming to light that back up many of the assertions made in the book.
 I stayed up way too late reading this page-turner! When I was finished, I wanted to read the sequel...
 Interesting read.  At least we now know Bannon's honest assessment of the White House.
 Incredibly well-written, sad that this lunatic is running our government.
 Everybody needs to read this.  Eveybody needs to read this book to find out how the president thinks and works.
 The author provided insight into the inner workings of the Trump Empire. Can't wait to see him drummed out of office so we can get a respected person in office. We  are being led by a member of Hell's Angels.
 Placing information that most of President Trump’s behaviors into a perspective that most of Trump’s detractors can rally around.
 Let’s you know how stupid and criminal they were
 Bought this for my parents and they loved it. I'm going to read it next.
 Revealing look at the Trump administration.
 This audiobook worked perfectly. The narrator does a great job with the material, able to do slight voices for different people and do their temperments. I will have to look up other things the author wrote, and things the narrator read.
 interesting
 Great book! Love the inner workings of this White House!
 Interesting read
 A great read. Fantastic book
 Thoroughly riveting read. This ‘tell all’ story mixing fact with fiction captures the feelings I’ve long held about this Administration (has it only been a year?). I’ve based my feelings on each startling revelation in the news about this ongoing chaotic reality show. Mr. Wolff validated those feelings.
 Love this book and the insight into the chaos that I knew existed in the White House under Trump. I hope that he really gets his due justice and SOON.
 It's a good read.
 Well, it feels 99% true...
 I read this as a gossip source.  It was interesting and quite an easy read.  I found a few things that sent me on a quest to verify.
 Hilarious !!!!!!!!!!!I loved it
 Seems like this book was a bit premature. Some of the information is not backed as being accurate.
 Finally.. someone willing to say something....
 If you’ve stayed current on the news this book has no interesting or educational information
 A real page turner.
 MUST READ!
 Thanks for filling in the few blanks I missed!  Life imitates reality TV, except this time we won't get a do over.
 Such a fun and scary read. Well played and well done.
 Reading it was like a wild ride!  It was such a fun read if it wasn't so darn serious!
 Good reads. Well written
 The Audible version is brilliant, the author seems entirely legit and I enjoy how he also takes down the media and even to an extent both sides of the political debate. I also like the reader of the Audible version's voice, it's exactly what you need while doing some household chores on the weekend.
 enjoyed reading about this orange clown lol
 I am struggling to get through it.  In my opinion it is not as well written as I had hoped.  While it is enlightening it is not entertaining.
 Thank you Michael Wolff for documenting what many Americans have thought must be going on in the White House.  I felt like I was listening in on all those conversations.  Outstanding work.
 Interesting read on the inside machinations of the trump WH in all its chaos. Bannon was a big contributor to the book.
 Gotta have it! There are 2 details that were inaccurate from what I understand (names were mixed up) but that's not the author's fault--it's the publisher's editors and fact checkers. It will be corrected in the next pressing, since it's flying off the shelves. Hey, the version with the mistakes could be a collector's item some day! LOL.  Every credible political commentator I've heard says Wolfe nailed it.
 Excellent read...a real page turner!!!
 Dump Trump.  lol
 I appreciate the expose' qualities of the information but needs editing. Quite repetitive and the author is a bit pompous using unusual and obscure words and language. Most of the interesting information has been adequately discussed by network news. Buy it in paperback
 I fear not in this case.  It's coming off as bad as what I thought the iceberg tip seemed like.  Finally our General s are protecting the USA, but sadly from ourselves.
 enlightening to know some of the behind the scenes stuff
 for my adult son - he didn't finish reading it, said it was kind of boring.
 great
 We get so much disinformation out of the Whitehouse it is finally good to get a clear, yet not a surprise, understanding of the ongoing circus there.  Yes, some of the stories may be embellished, but the main themes hod true - we have a dysfunctional leader of the free world and he is not capable of anything but delivering day-to-day chaos.
 I love the whole book it's amazing how screwed up the Trump Administration is and how many morons are around them thinking they were so smart they can figure everything out fantastic book to get the truth about Trump....
 A lot of this we've read and know, but it is still insightful to read about the astounding insides of the highest level of office in the the most powerful country on earth.  Trump is not fit to be in this role, and the error of this grave mistake, like a hurricane in a paint factory, is everywhere.  I also bought it to contribute to the fact that Trump wouldn't want it to be a best seller.  I absolutely can't stand the man, he is a disgrace.
 I loved this book!
 Easy to read.
 Very entertaining.
 I enjoyed the book. I read it as one interested in what was written, not for actual information. It reads well.
 Book is full of conjecture-the author is uses the first person pov-carelessly--he dares to be confronted with libel-his working is full of libel protected statements-a lot of hearsay-make President appear super-human, defenseless, weak-Too much background full of conjecture--Book does not reveal any real things---
 Very good book with good references where necessary.
 Interesting view on current White House.
 We already knew or suspected most of what you will read about, but as time goes by I expect that more witnesses will come forward to corroborate these stories. For now, nothing is inconsistent with what the orange s--hole is showing us about himself every day.
 Grea
 An amazing account of the first year of the Trump admin and the players involved.  It all makes sense now.
 It makes sense  Trump did not
 If this was libelous, the author would have been sued. He was threatened, but he was never sued. That is important.
 I love it
 I know I'll enjoy this read
 Loved the book
 Good read
 Pressure on an unconventional, destructive political icon. It offers hope for America that this era may be corrected soon.
 Should be required read for any citizen.
 The drama was at least fun to consider.
 I thought this would be over the top, but it wasn't.  There was much we saw in the news, but this was the background for these incidents.  I appreciated the openness in describing what happened.  If there were untruths, my sense is they were unintentional.  This fit the well with what we were hearing.  It filled in the blanks. I recommend this.
 Great book! Riveting! Revealing!
 Thanks to Michael Wolff for doing the investigative work needed and then writing this book. I have been waiting for a long time to find out what was going on in that chaotic White House.
 Not as good as I thought it would be.  Have a difficult time staying with it.  Some good statements about White House staff.
 This book reveals and supports what we see every single day from the White House.  CHAOS IS OUR NEW REALITY.  The author answers my questions why the Trump family is dysfunctional having all lived in a superficial bubble.  There is no defence against ignorance.
 I thought the book was very good.  However, I wish he had Edited it a little better to eliminate some of the negative reviews.  I believe most of it however, I’d like to not feel some of the facts were not researched well enough.
 I purchased this book because Donald Trump wanted to stop its publication. In the United States nobody can demand that book publication be stopped. I wanted a better understanding of the person making the demand. I am appalled by what I learned. I feel that anyone who cares about the direction our country is headed and why, should read this book.
 A fascinating and frightening view into the inner circle of the white house. Really enjoyed this while also being terrifying.
 I did not expect this to be so entertaining. A great audiobook for a long trip!
 Another great book to learn about trump.
 good book
 Very informative
 Great read.
 Great read.
 Great book.
 Great Read!
 I'm not about to make any of my true feelings about President Trump public, however I am not a fan,
 Fast read. Provided more detail and insight to what I thought was going on in the white house.
 good reading
 I don't think I made it through the first chapter.....
 Interesting
 Everyone who cares about out democracy should purchase this book and read every word
 Interesting read.
 Interesting
 Just shows what an unqualified  President we have !
 WOW! Read it if you dare and then follow up by reading the just released testimony by representative Fienstien that was released yesterday. Thank god for a free press!
 Interesting, but a little boring.  Will compare with a year from now!
 While this story doesn't define the truth about these events, it provides an view that should be understood in order to research your own perspective. This provides context that gets lost in the daily chaos that surround our governance.
 Interesting insight in a Brave/Strange New World.
 I was never one for horror movies or stories.  All the unlikely storylines, the exaggarated acting, the piercing screams and excessive fake blood.  Fire &amp; Fury proves to be the one exception...it's the horror story that rings all too true, right down to the monsterous character responsible for it all.  Having been on the planet earth over the last year, it's certainly not difficult to believe any of the story; though, it proves to be far worse than what I'd previously imagined.  The damage that one man has been able to do to our great nation is truly horrific... and the lack of interest in putting and end to that damage from the remaining political establishment is criminal in itself.  Hopefully, it proves to be a short story.  Too, lets hope we learn some (hard) lessons from all this and institute ways to prevent one person from causing such carnage in the future.<br/><br/>The story was well written and captured the reader's attention from beginning to end.  The narrator did a good job delivering the story without distracting from the author's words.  Well done to the author, narrator and all those involved in bringing us this unfortunate reality story.
 Provides a very clear and compelling picture of what a criminally incompetent moron Trump was prior to the election and continued to be once elected.
 I found it difficult to read. It did not run smoothly. Content was interesting, but again, did not run smoothly.
 This book was very will written. So many of the things Mr.Wolf wrote about have come true. I try to read everything I can about the people that run our Country. No mater which party is running the country. If you want to learn more about the people that are in control I would suggest it to be read.I was very happy that i purchased the book.
 A lot of good observations
 I'm in the process of wading through this now. It's OK. If you can't stand DJT, you'll enjoy it on some level.
 Don't need a book to tell me our Dear Leader is unfit. Just trying to keep it at the top of the list.
 Useless information not well written
 About time
 Worth reading. trumpf himself and what you already know about him can be your personal guide in this book.
 excellent
 Great insiders timeline descriptions of disaster in progress
 It really has a “fly on the wall” feeling. Since I have read it, it keeps bearing truth fruit! It is also very sad that this level of disfunction can exist within the West Wing, and scary knowing it keeps getting worse.
 Still amazed that this guy is the President of our United States. If this book is half true his next house will be a prison cell.
 OUTSTANDING!
 insightful
 Apart from a couple editing errors this book is very well written and is a damning expose of this trainwreck of an administration lead by this man-baby. The book corroborates everything that I already knew about this administration but gives a much worse and bleak outlook on how bad things are and how unhinged this president is. This will go down in the history books as one of the darkest chapters of our country along with slavery.
 Well written and well presented with factual content sorely missing at times in current media. No "fake news" here, although President Trump surely disagrees
 Michael Wolff is a skilled writer and excellent observer. I felt like I was transported into the West Wing of the Trump White House as I turned the pages, and at the same time appalled at the alarming dysfunction of the people working there. An eye opener.
 Good read!
 Still reading... but so many networks covered much of the book so I feel like I have already got the highlights LOL
 I bought this book for one reason....because ugly orange didn’t want me to.
 Helps to make apparent the sources of leaks to the press from this WH. After reading this book, its easier to tell if a leak comes from Hicks or others.
 Interesting
 Frightfully amusing! Truly Shakespearian1
 Very interesting book, but scary as it relates to the White House.
 Hate trump but was told it was good
 Bought this just to add to the numbers and keep it on the best seller list hoping it will annoy an unqualified public servant.
 Just a lot of fun to learn some more of the details of the pathetic person that is agent orange. This account I think is actually rather compassionate toward DT. I have no idea how Wolf was able to fill in all the details, but it’s sure believable. Well written. I give it three stores just based on the subject matter- it’s hard to get beyond three stars when it’s a book about Donald. I do recommend it, as it provides some insights that are certainly true and good fodder to help appreciate the continued drama coming out<br/>of the White House. You might want to read this pretty soon as this drama will likely end shortly, to the relief of 2/3 of America.
 Good insightful book into a terrible president and even worse manager.
 Hilarious.....
 Interesting inside story.
 Great book!!! I used to think this guy was gonna improve things with a different perspective but realize now we really have a 6 year old running the White House I hope somehow we make it through the next couple years.
 What a piece.
 Tabloid gossip meets White House intrigue. No real new material if you've followed the Twitter President. Points off for uncertain accuracy and superfluous writing. Too many 50 cent words and parenthetical phrasing for the content of the book. Started reading because of the publicity and palace intrigue. Finished it just so I could say I was done.
 Great read, need read carefully, lots of truth or else Trump wouldn’t have come back on Bannon so hard. Nikki Haley flatters herself, the way I read it, Hope Hicks is the one. Saw Scarramuchi on TV past night, had to pick up book again and review him.
 When I buy a book, one of my expectations is that the writer has better grammar than I do.  However, I do understand the publisher rushed the book to print; still it's annoying.  Second, the book starts out interesting where the reader is given a chance to understand the thought process of many in our White House.  Then, around the middle of the book, things start to become dry.  With all that was discussed in the news about the contents of this book, I feel it is akin to when a studio puts out a movie trailer that shows all the best scenes of the movie.<br/><br/>Should you read this book? At the price point of $13-$18, it's not a bad purchase if you're looking for some White House gossip.  I never got the sense that much of the information was truth, but, at the same time, I can read the information and think, "yeah, that's possible."  If you follow the news and think it's all fake, this book is not necessarily for you.
 The minute I heard that the WH had tried to block its publication, I downloaded a copy via Kindle. As many reviewers have already mentioned, I have noticed the grammar errors in the Kindle version. If you can get over that, it makes an interesting read.  There is not a lot of new material here. That being said, it is still kind of shocking to take it all in under one cover rather then the constant drip, drip, drip that has come out on the cable news channels and Twitter over the past year.
 If you read the excepts, don't waste your time; you won't find more here.
 You lived through the events, now read the book. You thought the first year of the Trump administration was chilling, peek behind the curtain.
 Very informative.  Very thorough.  Well written.  He foresaw problems with liar.
 Finally, someone has taken the inexhaustible morass of this White House and put it into a logical, understandable sequence of events.
 I used this for info purposes only.
 very good
 Interesting read. Hard to discern what's real and what the author is spinning. Most of the observations seem to come from Bannon without acknowledgement.
 Scary
 If you know the people in the White House it may be interesting. Overall I found it very boring , though the facts seem very right.
 Highly entertaining but donlt take it as historically accurate. Wolff is very selective in what he exposes: perhaps he shares some of Trump's problems.
 I purchased the Kindle version of this. A riveting read thus far! We already know what a buffoon this orange person and his entire administration is, but to see confirmation of it in print and to see examples and accounts of what actually happens in the White House is downright scary. This book is well written and entertaining, although that is countered by constantly cringing when knowing the blatant damage the Dotard is doing to the US, its environment and natural habitats, and the US reputation internationally.
 as expected
 So helpful in the beginning of learning of the “cast of characters” &amp; so provided “counter pressure” while everyday more incidents came to attention<br/>🙄😳😑
 Very good, couldn’t put it down
 You'd have to live on another planet to not have heard all the things this book "reveals". I suppose I didn't like it because I'm so very disappointed with the views this White House projects. The negativity is exhausting!
 Interesting read
 Still reading - some parts are extremely boring and so far I am not sorry I bought it but would not really recommend it
 I am just so very glad<br/>For all the lols to be had<br/>It makes Trump so very mad<br/>Cos Wolff portrayed him oh so bad
 The book validated my thoughts on what has been happening to our country and its future under the Trump administration.
 Very interesting book.
 Interesting book that contains very little new information; however id does give perspective to the events surrounding the election of Donald Trump.
 Very entertaining reading and the content seems to be mostly factual.
 A must read to see what’s going on in our country behind the scenes
 Important book for all to read
 Really couldn't get past the first couple of chapters. Yuck!
 A great read !
 Interesting and disturbing look inside the current administration.  We have every reason to be concerned.  2020 cannot come fast enough.
 Incredibly informative.
 Didn’t want to read one more word about the chaos we are all so very well aware of. But......nobody, not even the President, should ever tell people in America what they can or cannot read. I think he forgets we are Americans not Russians.
 It just went on and on until I couldn’t STAND reading about the Moron in Office Any Longer!!
 Another negative view of Trump!
 Still, that the White House could have such evil invade it's sovereignty and symbolism of a nation of freedoms is incomprehensible.  The infighting against factions...the manipulation of a weak man by all.  Quite a read!  I pray this never happens again as I look to the grandchildren nearing adulthood and my beautiful great-granddaughter..Gabriella.  For they should know the United States as I knew it growing up.  I pray.  Patricia
 Insightful &amp; eye-opening, just like real life.
 I hate Trump so I thought it was great!
 excellent and realistic book about our butt head in chief. everyone knows t****p is a liar and psychological warfare cretin.
 simply confirmed that we have reason to be afraid with this president as he is not what America should stand for.
 This book is so juicy, I vacillate between wanting to devour it whole and wanting to pace myself in order to enjoy an unparalleled look into his buffoonery each day for as long as possible.
 No words
 enjoyed reading
 I'm reading this while Republicans meet at Camp David, without one person--Jeff Sessions, to plot their continued obstruction of congressional investigations, abuse their authority to investigate their political adversaries for political gain, and hatch a master scheme for staying in power without the support of the American people in 2018.
 Glad I ordered this book. Very  informative and compelling.
 I bought this based on hype.  It isn't ready for prime time and needs to be heavily edited.  Please release a version 2 that's easier to read.
 Great book
 Gives details about things that I had previously heard, but not in as much detail.  However, I am not a fan of his writing style (too many commas in his sentences and too my french phrases, e.g., bete noire).
 Great, GREAT read. One of the most entertaining and jaw dropping books I've ever read.
 ...while leaning heavily on Bannon's version of the many fighting factions within the White House, still a revelatory, engaging, and prescient read.
 Because our White House and the Office of the Presidency is notably under siege by a bunch of dangerous morons, Fire and Fury becomes a must read from the fly on the wall--or potted plant as from Michael Wolff.  The media at large can only give us the daily results. Mr. Wolff fills in how we got there, the who's who of the players and what possible worse to be on the watch from the rest of them.  The book confirms much we came to know...And then some.
 It's an eye opener,  especially considering the problems each week brings.
 Very informative and a page turner
 Hilarious and depressing, all at once.
 Hoping to read more of this. When is the next installment coming out? Put me down for a subscription.  Thanks
 As a No-Trumper, I found this a fun read for a while and then I got bored about 2/3 of the way through it.
 Interesting read. Fairly well written. Lacking detail. Apparently not as well connected as the early reviews and interviews indicated it was.
 too much hearsay. can it be trusted/
 I came for the political gossip and stayed for the analysis. There may be problems with his sources, but I find it credible.
 Great insite into the world of Trump.  Scary...
 This book said what I've been thinking for a long time.
 Enjoyable
 I’m glad I finished it finally but was so surprised that it becameSteve Bannon's Story and lauding.<br/><br/>Not what I thought it would be.
 Great read!
 Unbelievable what a great book truly does give you a sense of what’s happening in the White House and all you have to look at is cable news to see it confirmed
 Its what I expected.
 This book is incredibly specific with the details. Michael Wolff established trust with his subjects, allowing them to feel safe enough to share. This book is a MUST read. I'm ASTONISHED at the deterioration of our sacred Presidency.
 This a must read/listen.  It does not disappoint.  The book confirms all of the news reports regarding the Trump White House, from an inside independent perspective.  I am listening via audiobook and it is amazing.
 Great
 A bit over the top.
 Interesting but so one sided. Feel like I bought a cheap tabloid paper but it had more pages.
 Like so many other reviewers, I didn’t plan to read this book; however, I was intrigued by our president’s reaction to it. I downloaded the kindle version yesterday and finished the book this afternoon-it’s definitely a page turner. Even though I have followed what’s happened this year, I never found myself skimming pages to get to more interesting material. His perceptions along with the attributions were fascinating. Wolff’s narrative was not only very engaging, and insiteful but at the same time laugh out loud funny and also managed to scare the bejesus outta me. The number of back stabbing incidents within the White House would rival the entire body of Shakespeare and make The Godfather look tame. Very entertaining! I highly recommend it.
 It was delivered in time in my  clinic. The book is also quite informative
 A lot of sturm and drang and repetition. Not too much proofreading, or clarity. Kind of annoying actually.
 Learned a lot of new words from this author.  Hate we have such a degraded individual that MUST be exposed - he is an utter embarrassment to the NATION!  Well written book
 If you deplore Donald Trump’s racism, misogyny, meanness, stupidity, narcissism, and recklessness, and the sheer incompetence of his White House, as I do, and if there is a malicious streak in you, as there is in me, you may love Michael Wolff’s Fire and Fury. It's difficult to imagine any account of the goings-on in Donald Trump’s White House that would paint a darker picture of this worst of all Presidents and the servile minions around him. Fire and Fury is scathing.<br/><br/>Other reviewers have panned this book<br/>However, far better writers than I have reviewed this book and found it wanting. Here, for example, is Masha Gessen writing in The New Yorker (January 7, 2008): “The President of the United States is a deranged liar who surrounds himself with sycophants. He is also functionally illiterate and intellectually unsound. He is manifestly unfit for the job. Who knew? Everybody did. So why has a poorly written book containing this information, padded with much tedious detail, become an overnight sensation, a runaway best-seller, and the topic of every other political column, podcast, and dinner conversation? It seems we are in bigger trouble with reality perception than we might have realized . . . That ‘Fire and Fury’ can occupy so much of the public-conversation space degrades our sense of reality further, while creating the illusion of affirming it.”<br/><br/>In a similarly unflattering review in the San Francisco Chronicle (January 9, 2018), Book Review Editor John McMurtry describes Fire and Fury as “a few hundred pages of gossipy, anecdote-heavy accounts that paint a highly unfavorable portrait of a deeply unpopular president . . . Of course, as with any satisfying dish that has you craving more, the book, with all its accounts of petty and profanity-infused backstabbing, can ultimately leave you with the feeling of having consumed one too many of Trump's beloved cheeseburgers.”<br/><br/>Despite the bad reporting, a terrible truth emerges<br/>It’s difficult to disagree with any of this. Surely, Fire and Fury is a product of very bad reporting. But strip away the flimsy analysis, the nasty innuendo, the unattributed zingers, and the opinionated diatribe, and you're left with an indictment of Donald Trump that is still likely to shock anyone who is not immersed 24 hours a day in the seething cauldron of political news. The picture that emerges from even a skeptical reading of Fire and Fury is horrific. Everything I had come to believe about Donald Trump has been confirmed: Our president is an impulsive man of limited intelligence, a racist, a sexual predator, a pathological liar, and an unrelenting narcissist who almost never listens and never accepts criticism.<br/><br/>What I learned from Fire and Fury<br/>Still, I learned a few things from Fire and Fury:<br/><br/>Donald Trump never wanted to be president, and he was stunned when he won. His campaign was a brand-building exercise—a way for him to make a lot more money. “He would come out of this campaign, Trump assured  former Fox News chairman Roger] Ailes, with a far more powerful brand and untold opportunities. ‘This is bigger than I ever dreamed of,’ he told Ailes in a conversation a week before the election. ‘I don't think about losing because it isn't losing. We've totally won.’”<br/>Practically everyone on the White House staff, including his daughter and son-in-law, treat Trump like a willful two-year-old. Almost nobody ever says no to him. Those rare occasions when anyone does so trigger tantrums and vicious backbiting from the president. He even badmouths his daughter and son-in-law.<br/>All this may be old hat to you, if you obsessively follow the daily news. I don’t.<br/><br/>How did Michael Wolff ever get access? <br/>I find it astonishing that anyone in a senior position in the White House, much less the president himself, would allow a man with Michael Wolff’s reputation as a scandal-monger to set foot in the place, let alone hang out with them for eighteen months. But Edward Helmore has an explanation (The Guardian, January 14, 2018): “After writing relatively positive profiles of Trump and Bannon for the Hollywood Reporter, Wolff joined the parade of job-seekers and ring-kissers at Trump Tower in the weeks after the astonishing election result. ‘I said to the president, “I’d love to come down and be an observer at the White House.” That’s when he thought I was asking for a job. I said, “No, no. I might want to write a book.” His face fell. He was completely uninterested. So I pressed a little. I’d really like to do it. So it was, “Yah, yah. OK sure.”’”<br/><br/>What's missing from Wolff’s reporting<br/>One more thing about the book: in any serious effort at political analysis or reporting, it’s customary to include notes, usually extensive ones, about the sources of the author's information. There are no notes in Fire and Fury. Nor does Wolff date the conversations he reports having had or learned about. This is exceedingly sloppy reporting.<br/><br/>And here’s a taste of how Wolff’s peers in journalism look at him. “It’s unsurprising that, as a former colleague delicately puts it, ‘people really can’t stand Michael.’” So wrote Michelle Cottle in the New Republic more than a decade ago (August 29, 2004). She continued: “What is surprising is how much of the animus seems unrelated to the content of his commentary. On a meta level, Wolff is resented for not playing by the rules of his chosen profession. He has a reputation for busting embargoes and burning sources by putting off-the-record comments on the record.”<br/><br/>About the author<br/>From Wikipedia: “Michael Wolff is an American author, essayist, and journalist, and a regular columnist and contributor to USA Today, The Hollywood Reporter, and the UK edition of GQ. He has received two National Magazine Awards, a Mirror Award, and has authored seven books.” (Do you wonder how he managed to win those awards? I do.)<br/><br/>One of Wolff's earlier books, Burn Rate, chronicled his effort in the 1990s to become a multimillionaire on the Internet. The book was panned by many reviewers, just as has been the case with Fire and Fury. And those reviews suggest there’s nothing new in Wolff’s style or approach to his subjects. Here, for example, is Katie Hafner, writing about Burn Rate in the New York Times (July 26, 1998): “Wolff spares no feelings. He casts such an unforgiving eye on the people around him that his tone often smacks of vendetta. He depicts his cohorts as fakes and blowhards, arrogant and clueless. He is locked in a hate-hate relationship with one of his main investors, who Wolff believes is out to double-cross him. Wolff portrays his partner as a wealthy, simpering venture capitalist wannabe, and makes disagreeable sport of deceiving him. It is this dark figure who eventually strips Wolff of control of his own company.”
 I am still reading it.......... but gives an insight to the WH administration.... very incompetent (as lots would have guessed). Its all about Trump getting richer...... every day...and getting his family richer too!!.
 Wow, well worth the price!!
 It's amazing! And it just confirms what we already know; Trump is a sociopath and EVERYONE around him is either a crook or a criminal.
 I gave this four stars because even though I pre-ordered the book, it took just as long or longer to receive it as it would if I had just waited for it to go on sale (which is what I normally do when purchasing books).  The book is excellent and timely reading.
 Pretty much what we observe and know but more from the inside. And I believe it's credible and well written.
 Awesome!
 Awesome
 his behavior makes me sick, but the telling of th book is like hering every word out of his sick mouth and tweets
 VERY FUNNY
 It is amazing how and why the American people continue to put up with Trump. This book is an eye opener.
 Great
 Wonderfully topical.
 Very entertaining, with amazing insights of the dumbest White House in history
 A fast-moving and exciting account of events, but it was somewhat difficult to keep all the characters straight.
 It's just hard to read because of the topic and person it's written about.  I can read it in small portions at a time.
 Was a good book, but it is already yesterdays news with the constant tweets.  Still gives you a better understanding of how we got here.
 My excuse for buying this book was that I rarely buy gossip mags or the Enquirer. This book was my once-a-decade dive into drivel.<br/><br/>However, it doesn't really matter what paper you buy nowdays, anyway. No matter how respected and revered a newspaper is, it might as well be the Enquirer. Remember when people didn't like the president's policies but at least the president had policies? Good times. Was that when America was great?<br/><br/>It's entertaining in a trashy way, kind of like a...sorry, I usually have the best words, but now they seem to be running away so that they don't have to be in this review. Frankly, all the West Wing needs is an '80's Joan Collins.<br/><br/>At any rate, only read this if you need to cry but you can't. It works as well as "Beaches" does at setting tears free.<br/><br/>Two stars were maybe too generous.
 Love that those Idiots in the WH don't mind saying what idiots they happen to be
 The best way I can describe it:  Micheal Wolff ain't Robert Caro, but DT ain't LBJ.  Better to say  that Wolff writes to the value and strength of his subjects.  Most of these whom seem, well,  none too bright.<br/><br/>The story of the mess now makes more sense, but it's still a huge orange mess.
 Much of what is written we already knew, but some things are new and interesting. This is mostly a fun book that reiterates the nuttiness of Trump and his cohorts that most sane people have known for years.
 The author is a gossiper but we've had good (rueful) laughs over this book because the news reports similar behavior by Trump almost every day.
 It's a great yarn.  Unfortunately, it's not a novel.
 Not a trump hater but gave it a crazy and she said was a hard read going back and forth
 So what you waiting for? That your cue man!<br/><br/>...<br/><br/>...<br/><br/>I got nothing...
 Great seller  and the product was just as described.
 Excellent Product and service.
 Definitely not Fake News.
 OK. I follow politics so I could keep up but I loaned it to neighbors who found it hard to follow.
 Politics aside... as everyone else has said, it's so poorly edited it's hard to get through..
 Not new info, still shocking ....  Another good read (or sad) is 'Trump Corrected'
 good
 Very interesting expose about the Trump white house. It will be interesting how much longer he will remain in power.
 The access allowed is unprecedented.  Not sure it’s all true, but Steve Bannon apologized for what he said, which verifies that part.  So there must be some truth in there.
 Worth the read
 I don't really know what I expected reading this book. I learned nothing new, but it was an entertaining way to pass the time.
 Enjoyed immensely
 Liked the I was finally able to receive my hard cove book and I like to read a lot stay in touch
 My mom really likes the book.
 Good read.
 This was pretty entertaining; I read about half. But since I'm a news junkie I didn't learn anything new.
 I bought it the morning it came out just to piss off Trump. LOL. I think it worked!
 Though not very surprised about the character of this president, the book does bring one in like a fly on wall, now there appears millions of fly's.
 good and interesting reading
 Depressingly informative, poorly edited.
 If I've done my part to humiliate the idiot in office it was worth every penny. IMO..more factual than not.
 Blow-by-blow on the First Blowhard.
 It is not finished. Boring but I like hearing the inside scoop. Wish he would not use such big words that most of us find he is showing off he is super intelligent.  It will turn the common man off to read it.
 A very helping insight to the operations  of this strained version of current government operations that we must live under.
 An excellent read with colorful language and imagery. You feel like you’re in the White House. I encourage everyone to pick up and read this book.
 I knew Trump was a problem, based on the crazy stuff he has done so far.  This book gives one all the information one needs to draw the final conclusions about the danger this guy presents to our country . Written in clear style.  Check it out.
 Current!  Most of the quotes for Trumps behavior have or are turning out to be true! Well written and delighted I got a copy early.
 Best book ever written
 Great book!!!!!
 Should be required reading.
 Sadly, I didn't learn a whole lot new, since the public face of the White House isn't a whole lot different than the private one. Still, I dislike someone trying to sue to keep a book from being published. Lotsa smoke there, Trump! The truly sad part for me is that Bannon is going to look like the smart one once this is all over--being bounced and denounced by Trump may be the only thing that keeps him out of jail when so many others are likely to go. And anyone who understands that what Don Jr., Manafort, and Kushner did with the Russians was treason gains points in my view (and since I hate Bannon, that was *really* annoying!). Note that the only member of the inside circle with military experience understands that you just don't collude with hostile powers to win an election. But apparently that's too hard for the Trump family and hangers-on.
 Good read
 Interesting.  Shed some light on the White House and what a bunch of snakes they are.
 Most of us, if we’re honest, will admit to having passed along gossip. And, I’m pretty sure most of us have been the subject of gossip. And if you’ve ever worked in a political environment you know how insidious and destructive gossip can be - particularly when it’s “weaponized” by workers seeking to make themselves look better to the boss by making co-workers look worse. Workplaces like this are really “toxic” and soul-destroying.<br/>This is the workplace environment described by Michael Wolff in his book about the Trump WhiteHouse - “Fire and Fury.”<br/>Readers will sort through his material to decide what’s true, what’s exaggerated, what’s twisted, and what’s an outright lie. But the one thing that seems indisputable is that the White House is a terrible place to work. Just about everybody is trying to take advantage of the president’s lack of awareness to advance themselves at the expense of others. And it seems he can be easily manipulated by persons with hidden agendas.<br/>That’s my big takeaway from this book.
 The best thing about this book is the response from the president. It’s great for a giggle of you appreciate gallows humor.
 Terrifying and funny, sad too. Why isn't Congress stepping in? Everyone is out for their own gain and America is left in the dust
 Great!
 Felt like standing in the checkout line at the grocery store checking out the Enquirer.
 I bought this book because I wanted to "stick it to"  Trump.  I hate that he always threatens to sue those whom he dislikes (e.g. claimants of sexual harassment by him).<br/><br/>However, the book is very readable and "all of the good stuff" in it has NOT been reported.  One could fault a lack of some documentation, however, the fact is virtually all of the claims made do fit the public persona of Trump and are quite believable.<br/><br/>Read it if you love Trump (but you'll be angry) or hate him (schadenfreude).  But read it!
 Good to have inside information about to White house.
 As a citizen of an ally of USA I read this book with disbelief of the vile selfishness of the main protagonists and the seemingly lack of a system that could handle such a situation. Looking in at the sight of such primitive tribalism reinforces Edmund Burke’s premise that “it is necessary only for the good man to do nothing for evil to triumph”
 Very engaging read.
 What a great read!
 Entertaining and insightful! A true warning on what happens when a populist demagog enters the White House, and his followers who make it happen.
 Sounds like the truth to me!!
 Great read. Sure shows the level of disfunction in the white house today.
 All of the first hand information was very enlightening but it read like a re-read of a calendar memo.
 Michael Wolff turns on the lights.and shows us all the cockroaches, their motives and ambition in this page turner of.the first 10 months of.the Trump presidency.
 The information about the day to day operation in the white house. I thought the level of the vocabulary used was too high. My husband started using a dictionary as he read but gave up. I didn't use one and just tried to figure out the meaning as I went. No fun to read a book like that.
 To say that this book speaks of the horrid truth of Donald Trump would be a gross understatement. Donald Trump is the greatest danger to our nation and to the  world that  I can imagine. Read and worry and then act to remove this madman from office.
 As I read this, it seemed the agenda was to humanize and make excuses for T, while trashing everyone else. Mission accomplished!
 Good book
 This is it. Read this and try to understand why he, Trump, is not the president you want or deserve. Ever.
 Good book but raise blood pressure.
 Good read
 It was okay.  The book is a sad epitaph of the self centered stupidity of the people that voted for Trump and the people that currently run this country.
 Hysterical
 It kept me reading. It slightly changed my views on certain people and events. It is worth the read. I wish it would have covered more (or any) of the Omarosa story.
 I thought the book was a decent read and somewhat informative but not a lot of surprises for me.
 Although I bought this book at the time of its release in 2017, I didn't finish reading it until July of 2018. The procrastination paid off as Wolf's reporting helps explain why so much that the Trump administration has done this year is the result of impulsiveness, shallow thought, and plain stupidity. Presidents normally surround themselves with the best and brightest people they can find. Trump, on the other hand, relies heavily on youthful aids with little real world experience. A shortcoming of the book is that is does not delve much into the background of key staff members. There is little background on Steve Bannon's history and practically none on Kushner, Steve Miller, and Hope Hicks, all of whom are political lightweights.
 If only ten percent of this is true America is in peril for sure.  I only wish the authors writing style was a little less choppy.  There are lots of convoluted, complicated sentences that seem too wordy to get the point across.  That being said, if one can stick with it, the point does come across.  Perhaps if the writer would have tossed the thesaurus out and just spoke more plainly, it would have a greater impact.  That's why I only gave four stars; the bravery of it deserves five stars, and I am glad somebody finally said all that.
 GREAT READING
 I bought this for my wife, she is 3/4 of the way through and said it is an excellent book.
 Excellent. This is well written and constantly fascinating.  Sometimes Mr. Wolff simply allows DJT to speak for himself.  For those who have only heard snippets of his infamous speech at the CIA, for example, Wolff includes a lengthy portion of it--rambling, self-praising, incoherent.  The book is frequently funny--or would be, if the stakes were not so serious.
 great book
 I found it interesting but a little spacey. It also troubled me that the author stated that there were truths and untruths in the book. I feel if you write non-fiction, you should not include unverified information just to stoke curiosity. I do believe that many of the things written probably happened in one way or another.
 This book is quite a page-turner. It’s almost impossible to put it down. Anecdotes fleshing out lots of media reporting already out there. I’ll update this when I’m done reading it.
 great book!
 This is a great book with a lot of undisclosed information.  Wolff described what went on behind the scenes and who the key players were in the early days of the Trump presidency.  We learned more about what the key player's goals were and I believe the author the absolutely correct.  Clearly, Trump hired the worse and the most incompetent people imaginable to fill his cabinet. It was as if he wanted to put on a reality show with bad actors who wouldn't outshine the "star".  It is up to the reader to decide for themselves.
 This book is so detailed yet scary, I can't believe this man is the Commander and Chief of the United States of America.
 People magazine style for political news. OK book but not as much as I expected. far from Woodward and Bernstein.
 reasonable price, arrived on time
 Reads like a trashy novel or a Cosmo magazine!
 I believe every word.
 This book is going to go down in history as the first expose' of this presidency.
 everything that was in the book is coming true in real time.  He really was spot-on on every personality and every relationship.  What baffles me is that Trump supporters twist themselves into pretzels trying to explain his motivation what the real truth is that he is just a CRAZY ANAL ORIFICE !
 Incredible insight into the Trump White House, though could not stop exclaiming “WTF?!?” throughout. Gives some ...perspective? on all the shenanigans I see in the news (or Twitter). Can only hope others read this book and realize what a mess we are in. Be prepared for lots of incredulity.
 Confirms my worst fears
 Great book and very believable.
 :)
 Couldn't put it down!  Jaw-dropping.
 Gives a clearer picture of the craziness, plain and simple.
 Great and informative
 Very cool book.
 Must read for all.If you care about the future of our country and entire planet.
 Dad enjoyed the read!
 This book would have suffered the same fate as other political commentaries &amp; gone completely unnoticed by me, had it not been for the threat to "ban" &amp; the immediate labeling as "phony" by 45. That alone insured my purchase. It was an easy &amp; entertaining read. 10/10 will recommend to anyone who will listen.
 I started reading it this morning. Finally someone tells it like it is about The Donald. Trump's trying to stop publication only help spread it far and wide. I haven't enjoyed a book this much in a long time. I strongly recommend it to anyone who wishes this past year had never happened and wish Trump had stayed a reality show host you could turn off.
 Every page turn shed more light on a West Wing more and more dysfunctional under the Trump Regime with an ever more bizarre cast of characters surrounding #45.
 Still reading so cannot give review at this time. Mishelle
 I believe that this ranking system is most likely going to be botted by pro-trump folks in order to undermine honest evaluations of this book.  That being said, there is ample anecdotal and direct evidence out of trump's own mouth, twitter feed and from his syncophants to support a majority of this author's allegations. Btw trump you don't get to tell me what I will and will not read.<br/><br/>I am frankly unsurprised by any of the recollections catalogued within.<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Fire-and-Fury-Inside-the-Trump-White-House/dp/B077F4WZZY">Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House</a>
 I read it. Was entertaining. But the fact that it has Donny all hot &amp; bothered was enough reason to pay real money for this book and give it 5-stars. Thank you M. Wolff for trolling the trolls.
 Liked the writing style and the gossippy flavor of the narrative. Did a great service to american politics, in spite of Trump's fury
 Great read even if the White House disagrees.
 Reads like a pile of stories told by Bannon and friends. Well known impairment on this president but little new information on decision making on real big issues in this white house, eg China, Russia, North Korea etc.
 Exactly as he seems!
 Great book.
 good book
 Compelling narrative style but I would have like to have seen more source verification.  I have no doubet that much of it is fact, but how much?
 This book is well written and it’s story relevant for our time. Whether you like Donald Trump or not this book is worth reading. I got  a sense of the people that surround him and you see DTs  trajectory overtime.
 Something to be said for being the first book out on this insane administration and any book would've been a page-turner...but the access Wolff had makes this truly mesmerizing. How has it been only 400 days?<br/>Having read this book - each new day seems informed by something borne out previously. Recommended.
 Funny and scary. Great read true or not.
 GUESS I KNEW WHAT WAS IN IT BEFORE I READ IT.DONATED IT TO THE PUBLIC LIBRARY
 Starts off good then bogs down.  Redundant in many places. Had to force myself to finish reading it.
 Very interesting look at the Trump White House. It was a little slow to get through at times, but it was fascinating to learn the nuances about how much petty infighting there is. This helps explain some of the administration's more baffling missteps.
 While I know some of this is exaggerated, it was informative to read about relationships in and out of the White House.
 I would recommend this book to anyone that would like to know Trump’s mindset and how he interacts with his staff and family
 Fair. It did confirm a lot of the insanity we have seen in the trump (not capitalized deliberately) White House.
 A real page-turner.
 Read this if you want to know the scoop.
 Just as juicy as you might think.  A must read or in my case hear as I got it in audible form.
 It's a complete popcorn fest that does nothing but tell us what we already knew or assumed about the Trump White House.
 It is informational.
 We bought it to piss off Trump and his dwindling supporters.  What a buffoon.
 This book belongs to my husband and he is reading it now.
 Good read.
 good book
 No great new insights, but confirmed what I had already suspected about what's happening in the White House.
 Great read!!!!
 hard to tell fact from fiction
 This book was at once, both fascinating and horrifying. The vapidity of Donald Trump is astonishing. I can't believe he was ever a successful businessman given his lack of focus and inability to process information.<br/><br/>As an aside, I'm a very stable genius, and one of my strongest assets is being, like, really smart.
 great fun
 Maybe it's a sign of the times that I read this book with my eyes periodically snapping wide open in incredulity. What would make a voter pick a person like this man as president? Yet the further I read, the more I saw that the current day's mores honor volume rather than sense, and a snake oil salesman more than a statesman. Too, I came to see that this moron would not have become president without an active crew of equally wrong-spirited enablers. It will be a happy day for this country when they all slink back into the obscurity which is their rightful place.
 Not a lot of major surprises... but essential that these things are now on table for open discussion. This feels like a conformation of that I believe to be true.
 It's about Trump... What else to say. Crap?
 A fascinating read with lots of details backed up in recent news.
 This book describes the ineptitude of Trump. His lack of knowledge of the workings of government, his inability to study issues and policies, his lack of knowledge regarding the constitution, his narcissism is all described in this book. What's frightening is the already scary decisions he's made and will continue to make. Let's hope the country will survive him
 Some of the stuff is interesting and other seem to be very overblown to sale the book.
 I BOUGHT it , just to buy.
 Connect the dots in a dysfunctional White House.
 This book provides an explanatory model that continues to predict Trump's behavior...the narcissistic, nonreading, bullying, if-i- don't-understand it-it must-be-true, model.
 Interesting reading.
 I thought this book was a great read - fast moving and engaging.
 Where will this nightmare end?  How can any person call this name calling, bully a christian?  His true self that so matches up with the author’s observances is obvious in his tweets.  Calling all Republicans-The emperor has no clothes!”
 An eye opening read and an insight into the workings of the Trump White House. Nothing really surprised me with the exception of the power Steve Bannon had over Trump. I found the whole book very frightening to be honest and I wonder just where our country will go from here.
 it confirmed everything everyone was thnking
 what i liked most is that it give you a true look inside trump white house that we wouldn;t have without it<br/><br/>i couldn't find anything that i didn't like about this book
 Good read.
 Michael Wolff have written a clear road map of the Trump Whitehouse mess. He has confirmed the nightmare of Donald Trump and Steve Bannon.
 Most interesting read.  Unbelievable insight.
 no surprises here..... I've been aware of New York 's most famous snake oil salesman and general conman for 40 years....my only question is when will America wake up and realize he is the most dangerous man in the world...to him this is all a game for his personal amusement .... God help us all
 Very compelling and interesting reading.
 I enjoyed the book but I have to say that Wolff has a terrible writing style.
 Very entertaining
 Great
 This book affirmed a lot of my suspicions about the Trump administration. The a accounts are highly plausible and the author provided great clarification behind many of President Trumps asinine mistakes.
 Resist!
 Interesting reading!
 This book summarizes the chaos created by POTUS 45’s shocking victory.  Names some of the “invisible” 2% power-mongers as well.
 It was okay. Heard it all on the tv.
 This book delivers the promised goods - a must-read for political junkies.
 It's about Trump, God help us!
 Got it on audible so I could listen while driving/traveling.  Wow! Mr. Toad's Wild Ride. The narration is great.  I read that Trump's got his lawyers suing to get this book pulled. Wasting his time on lawyers, the horse already left the barn.  highly recommend it.
 Very informative!!!
 I can't belie e thid.book was ever cleared for publication. Very difficult to read grammatically. He use of prepositions is terrible.  Wouldn't recommend to anyone.
 I love the hard bk cover. Haven't had time 2 read the book yet. I will git around 2 it though.
 Confirms your worst fears about the Trump Administration.
 THIS IS A FABULOUS BOOK
 Like reading a long magazine article on the topic.
 LOL
 Just starting to read it.  Trying to keep all the players straight
 One of the most captivating books I ever read, you can’t make this up..  Real life is more interesting than fiction..
 Very good read
 Very tabloid - but then so is the Trump administration.
 Wow!  This book gives you great insite into how things function in the white house.
 I was a bit disappointed in the quality of the writing...I expected better. The content was good...and scary. We should all be afraid...very afraid!
 I've only read about two thirds of this book before totally losing interest.
 I could not find any "Fake News" or "Alternative Facts" in Michael Wolff's book. It was definitely worth the price and I had a very difficult time putting it down. When I heard that Donald J. Trump had won the election, the hair on my arms stood straight up--and not from any amount of excitement, to say the least. My gut instinct was that "our country was now in "Big Trouble", and that instinct was "Spot On", as usual for me. Trump is 100% pure NARCISSIST. They should have his picture in the dictionary next to the word. He covers up his lies with more lies, then gets confused about which lie he used previously. He calls himself a "Christian", but does not practice even the simplest forms of Christian behavior. He treats his wife like a second-class citizen and shows her no respect at all. If he is doing those things to Melania in public, I have to wonder what a hell her private life with this man must be like. I could go on an on, but will leave it a this: I dream of the day when America won't have to hear or see the name of "Donald J. Trump" ever again. I hope he will go down in a whirlpool of much-deserved shame and end up with nothing. Much the same as Kwame Kilpatrick did, as mayor of Detroit.
 My Wife is reading is presently reading this Book....she says it is good reading.
 If just a fraction of this is true, we all need to be really scared.  More than before!
 Fantastic. I hope it's all true. Kind of scary if it is. Disgusting, too. This is our highest office in the land. It shouldn't be this chaotic.
 Reading this book in light of ALL the recent events that are taking place in the Trump White House helped me to understand the inner workings extremely well.  A fascinating read!
 Interesting enough to know what happens behind the new government. If you're a political person, this is a good read.
 Amusing but not well written or edited. I would only get this if you’re looking for something like a tabloid of this administrations greatest hits.
 Read it and sold it the same day.
 Worth a read.
 Great book with a lot of inside to the current administration. Definitely worth reading.
 Gave as a gift and looking forward to reading it!
 Wolff really gets into Trumps Administration. Love it!!
 Paints a pretty grim look at the Trump White House but nothing shocking about a Man that is totally unsuited and not qualified to hold the position.
 An ALL TRUE book, aboutanALL POS president, with ALL TRUTHS about ALL his lies.<br/>Not for fans of the orange narrccisstic POS.
 A very interesting book.
 I think there was a bit more hype about this story than actual juicy details.
 I'm not in love with the book but, my experience with the purchase through Amazon was great as usual!
 Page turner; I couldn’t put it down, which I did not think was possible for a political book. Recommended reading for anyone who wants an inside peak at our current administration.
 fun,if not always completely credible...prime sorce appears to be bannon
 For the most part, there's nothing in here that will surprise anyone. If you've been paying attention, you already know that the president of the most powerful country on the planet (for now) is a weak, vain, emotionally unstable, intellectually challenged individual who has none of the qualities--courage, integrity, empathy, curiosity--one would ordinarily look for in a leader. Wolff's portrait merely confirms what is evident even from a distance.<br/><br/>What I suppose is new is the revelation that those closest to Trump are all very aware of his deficiencies (though how could they not be?). Whether you find this comforting or even more frightening is, I suppose, a matter of individual judgment. I suspect that his enablers will be viewed with contempt by those who come after us. This book is a useful record of their role in tarnishing America's reputation, and undermining the country's respect around the world.
 Bought this to take our country back, sent it to multiple people. Fifteen bucks to piss off the feckless wanna be dictator? I'm in for 10X the money. Hey Trump, I'm using my crappy tax break to buy this book and send it to everyone! Thanks you douche!
 Over dramatised version of the While House, as seen through the eyes and ears of Michael Wolff. A very quick read.
 America messed up
 not as exciting as I was hoping it would be...
 I really enjoyed it and would recommend it to anyone who cares about the effects of the Trump presidency, along with his usurping of the Republican Party.
 Very informative!
 Enjoyable read. Although portions of the book seemed questionable which is much like the Trump Presidency the book is certainly a page turner.
 Since I have been following this ongoing mess since it started, I was surprised by little.  I know that the small percentage of Trump supporters and the Trump News Channel will claim this to all be "fake".  What I find the most appalling is the continued and increasing support the Republicans are giving to this man.  Watching them extol his virtues and what a great president he is after the signing of the worst tax bill in history made me ill.  Our country and its reputation has been so damaged by this administration I can only hope that there will be no pardon for Trump and his family/staff.  I agreed after Watergate that the Nixon pardon was the right thing to do, to heal our country so we could move on.<br/><br/>I also noticed a lot of grammar/spelling errors....maybe rushed to print to fast!!
 The information is interesting but the style of writing is curious. Easy reading except when the author tries to complicate a paragraph...strange.
 very informative....I truly enjoyed it......
 A waste of a good tree. This book does make you think of what is true and what is not.
 Great book - Listen or read about a scum bag
 No really surprises to hear about the drama behind the closed doors of the White House.  It’s like an episode of 90210 with all the teenage behavior.  If anyone reads this and is shocked, they’ve had their heads in the sand.  Long read that probably could have been summed up in half the pages.
 if this novle is true we are in a hell of a fix
 GREAT !! Book SAD story of where we are at today
 I received my book.
 Anything that bashes this Communist Authoritarian is GREAT in my book.
 Must read, could not put down!
 What can I say that hasn't already been said? So glad this is out.
 ...a more in depth account than what is usually served in media. It appears no one is intentionally bad; only unprepared and out of their depth.
 Everyone should read this book...
 Fast delivery, Great Price, Very Happy with seller.
 Author describes Trump well.
 I liked the book
 Why on God's earth did anyone vote for this man?
 If you're a trump fan ...you'll hate it....if you don't like him... you'll like it....
 It's not an easy read but it's interesting if this subject speaks to your curiosity.  It's like you are a fly on the White House wall.
 a good read for anyone who doesn't support President Trump.
 Enjoyable, rollicking, shambolic expose. This is the journalism we’ve needed for over a year.
 Actually, is more like a melodrama...and it would be hilarious if it wasn't a true story. I wish we all could see the white
 Like the rest of the books about Trump, there is nothing there that we don't already know, I'm looking forward to read another book by this author.
 Very good book.
 Lots of details, well written, insider info on everything that is going on in the current White House. Recommendable.
 Although I expected Trump was a horrible person based on what he's said publicly, this book cements that and really nails the fact home. He is even worse in private than in public to his peers, family, so-called friends, staff, and apparently everyone around him who isn't named Ivanka. This book is an eye opener on just who the minority of people in the US elected as president, and a sad reflection on where we are as a society as a result. If you want to know what's really going on in the White House, read this, but be prepared to shake your head often, exhale in frustration, and wonder repeatedly why this hateful, misogynistic, philandering, racist man is sitting in the Oval Office.
 Great story line
 Finally received my copy.  Well written and, perversely, a fun read.  I truly hate that our country has distressed to this level.  I proudly supported President Obama and served our Country but now I am dumbfounded as to how we have distressed to our current situation.
 Given as a surprise  gift to a friend relocating , she hasn't,t had time to read it as yet.
 Wolff takes you inside the White House in an interesting and informative way. The tale is well worth telling.
 Excellent read.
 This book is shocking and very important.  When history looks back, this book will serve as a signpost for the warning signs we should have seen in our democracy.
 Easy to read. Nothing to write home about, not terrible either. Not the most memorable book of 2018 for me anyway.
 Wolff has performed a great patriotic service to this country by writing this engaging account of the first year in the Trump Whitehouse.
 I can't finish it because it's too depressing to know a baboon is in charge of the country.
 good info
 Seems to represent the disorder that besieges the current administration.
 Believabl
 The truth in black and white.
 It was an interesting read but most of the interesting stuff for reported on tv
 This books is in some parts what I thought.  It is interesting to learn what a person or persons think.
 You won't be able to put it down.  It verifies just about everything you ever thought about the tRump white house.
 The book was very informative as to the actors' various roles during the Trump campaign and after Trump was elected President.  The book solidifies what most people already suspected - that there is no structure and order, but a façade full of bullying, backstabbing, vengeance, and a President who behaves like a five-year old child.
 Good read about the Trump chaotic presidency.
 Excellent book.  Could not put it down.
 Who knows if it’s all true. Certainly reads like a credible piece of fiction. Very disturbing, but also enjoyable in a voyeur sort of way.  I’d read it. Again.
 Very entertaining and great for the coffee table. Makes for great conversation.
 It was definitely a page turner for me. Most of the juicy stuff is in the first half of the book. Overall an interesting read.
 Not worth all the hype
 It would be funny and titillating fiction but, as non-fiction, it's downright frightening. Hopefully, the republic will survive it.
 It was a present.  I can't stand to read anything about Trump.
 Have not completely finished but interesting and sad for the developments.  Worth reading but with an open mind.
 quick delivery. Very satisfying read...a delightful page turner.
 Over the top stories. Entertaining, but didn’t draw me in.
 I think he told it as it was and still is.
 Lots of inside information and obviously extensively researched.  But the writing style is difficult to read.  Editing was sloppy.
 So many to review at once.  I liked all I marked.  Will have to come back for the rest.  I did not like some of the dvds that could only be played on some kind of foreign instrument or in some other country.  My fault, I guess.  But they are most distressing.
 Great read.
 Good read!
 I liked the inside stories and first person on the scenes storytelling. I thought the writing was a little harder to follow, it didn't read as smoothly as I would like for a storyteller.
 Intriguing and well written.
 Sad but probably mostly true:-(
 ....at the very least it demonstrates the current administration's shifting personal dynamic and gives good insight into Steve Bannon's intent and philosophy. These people are very cleary f%$^ed.<br/>A recommended read.
 The author was right--we really did already know these revelations.
 Excellent narrator, but I wish this was satire
 Enlightening book, wow !!!
 White  House denials aside the book is internally consistent.  You just can't make this stuff up.
 it was full of background information that was very interesting and could easily be fact checked. Mr. Wolff has quite an extensive vocabulary Ihad to get out the dictionary a few times.
 Depressing that America has come to this.  Pleased with the book
 Trump "where the Truth Never Lies"
 Not what I expected.
 Good read, but even better was the $15 to purchase it when the Prez tried to stop it!  There must be a lot of truth to it!  We witness the things that this moron tweets every.single.day.
 Fast read.. was interesting @ the time. News cycle is moving sooo fast.. recommend you buy it used.
 It's a page turner!
 Author's writing skills in question. Not much information that isn't already in the news!
 Did not read.  Gave as gift to my Hillary loving mom friend.
 Interesting and well written.  Lots of characters to follow, of course.  Felt the entire book was probably quite accurate in the accounting of what goes on in the White House
 Page turned for the most part. I did spend a large amount of time using the dictionary however.
 Provides excellent details.
 Great look behind the curtain.
 I only bought it because everyone else was!
 A quick and funny read. Read with lots of chuckles.
 Interesting
 A real eye opener in reading this book .
 Waste of money because I feel all the parts were already on the news.
 So wonderful reading this to confirm what we heard for decades about Trump
 Very entertaing
 If even 25% of this view inside the Trump White House is true, and from what I’ve seen in the news it probably is, it’s scary stuff!
 Funny stuff.  Love it, but have to bookmark the ebook otherwise it skips all over the place.
 wish it was a bit more in depth of all involved, especially Trump himself
 Wolff's account, if even 25% of this story is accurate, depicts the worst president--ever. If Wolff's account is more than 50% accurate, then trump begins to take on the crystal clear personae of Adolf Hitler and his strategy for 'Deutschland, Deutschland Uber Alles.' Pure, unadulterated neo-nazism, packaged under an orange rug of incompetence, racism and narcissism. Make America White Again is the true tag-line. When reading this alongside the daily news, it's hard to distinguish between what is being read in the book and Wolff's thesis dynamically being confirmed!
 Exciting reading.
 A great read of political back room antics. So many amateurs and rookies and one psychopathic narcissist they all serve. I recall when Republican's cared about social issues and the common working man. Allowing this real estate broker and serial philanderer to lead this great, diverse, strong, and mighty nation into ruin is a shame to the once proud and patriotic Republican party. I also recommend the historical political work of Lawrence O'Donnell, Playing With Fire: The 1968 Election and the Transformation of American Politics. It is a well-crafted work; a Baby Boomer must read.
 Entertaining.
 Excellent read!
 Just wow.  Very good read.
 One man's perspective on Donald Trump....frankly tired of reading and hearing daily about the man.
 Sorry, I got board reading it.
 great read except for the fact that it's real
 Considering the amount of publicity it got, most of it already revealing what the book had.
 Fun read, however, not totally sold on the author's veracity.
 We live in a mad mad world.
 Very interesting
 Let the truth be told.
 Interesting inside look at the current administration. Unfortunately, so much more has happened since I bought the book that the author could put out a second volume!
 Same stuff you hear about him in the news.
 It offers deeper insights on stories we've heard in the news. The book and the news seem to corroborate each other.
 This is the most delightful read I've had in years.  I can't wait for the movie.
 Great book!!
 Entertaining, yes. Over the top, on occasion. Factual, meh. Some yes, some no.<br/>Only the hardcore will take it as either a pack of lies or biblically inerrant.
 This book is rather droll to read but informative and non-surprising
 Newsworthy
 not particularly well written but I certainly believe the content.  Almost wish he were writing in now, so much awful stuff has happened since<br/>this time frame.
 OK read but full of typos and grammatical errors.  Very poorly edited.
 This explains all the chaos.  Revealing.
 Good account of what I already suspected was happening in the Oval office.
 Ok as a story.  But unclear as a factbook.<br/>What is hearsay... seems like Bannon is the only one with a clear purpose.  Scary!!
 Very revealing about how Trump nor the people around him ever considered that he would win the presidency and how uneducated he is
 Great read.  Put all the insanity in one nice easy read.  Nothing we didn’t already know for those who pay attention and watch and read real news.
 I’ll start with the caveat that I’m not a Trump fan. However, this book is not well written. It is interesting in parts and needs help in other places
 Remarkable in their incompetence. Toadies, shysters and tongues the length of my forearm tickling the nether region of the Grand Cheeto. As Twain said - it's easier to fool a person than convince them they've  been fooled. You've been fooled Trumpers. Or did Twain say that? You vote in a D-List celebrity you get a D-List president. Golf anyone?
 Great book. Insightful and fun to read. Highly recommend it.
 Loved it, very informative.
 Boring, have not been able to complete
 I thought this book answered many questions about what was going on in the White House.  I liked that it was told as though you were included in the conversation.
 The book is over hyped.  It's not all that good of a book.
 An amazing narrative of how truly dysfunctional the Trump White House is and continues to be. As explained by Wolfe, we have children running the country and a spoiled brat in the Oval Office.
 Love the book
 Interesting reading
 Wolff is a talented writer who paints a convincing portrait of a self-obsessed man who is without any plans, scruples or conscience whatsoever.The author enjoyed a “fly on the wall” view to the everyday operations of the White House and elicited stream of consciousness narratives from Steve Bannon and others. A Must Read!
 Not  a  nice  man
 A very unflattering view of our President. The fact that this book was even published at all speaks more to the fact of how dysfunctional the current administration is.
 Well made hard bound book
 I couldn't get through it. I kept wondering where he got his information.
 A good luck at the Trump presidency. My only complaint is that things kept happening in real life, while I was reading... hard to keep up with everything during this presidency! Very good read, well written and super interesting.
 Awesome page turner
 Good read.  I know Wolff is somewhat loose with the facts, but a lot of the claims in the book appear to be backed up by other sources.  The Nikki Haley innuendo at the end of the book was a little much.
 Excellent read.
 Enjoyable reading while I was out of work.  Makes most lives look really boring.
 Made a great gift for my mom. She got a nice chuckle out of it.
 I am not sure I want to believe everything in it. I am still reading it
 the book is good-
 I finished the book. I think it's a worthwhile read. The Trump presidency is confusing. It was interesting to get some context beyond the daily scandals into the key players and turnover. I found the less inflammatory parts of the book the most interesting for this reason. Trump is constant contradiction, this book puts forward a reasonable explanation for the chaos. I'm sure it's not completely accurate, but how could anything be in an administration that seems to be making it up as they go along.<br/><br/>The main negative complaint I have is the writing itself, especially in the first quarter or so of the book. There is so much clunkiness. The word choices are awkward. It's like it was written by a 14 year old with a thesaurus trying to sound sophisticated. It gets somewhat better later and I made it through, but I wasn't impressed.
 Even if you take the stories in this book with a huge grain of salt- Even if it is only 85% true, 75% true, 50% true- it is incredible.
 tells it like it is
 Believeable
 It's a shame that such a book is named "non-fiction". The only interesting thing here is to learn how biased "analytics" can be. This is number one. Number two -- factual errors are seen even from the other side of Anlantics. Waste of money.
 Not compatible.
 Just more proof that this "person" has no business in the Oval Office.
 Another plus for Amazon........I ordered this book and it arrived much faster than anticipated. This seems to be true for most things I order, which is amazing!
 Good read!
 I’ve followed these stories since the beginning.  I loved reading about the conversations in such detail.  I wish there were more quotes!  And I can’t wait for it to end!!!<br/>This was a good read.  I was surprised that I had to look up some words but at happy to improve my vocabulary.
 I felt the book was very believable. Much of the material we already knew from news stories, but there was clarification on some of the relationships and competing forces.
 Someone needed to say what was going on in the white house regardless of who is in term. This administration has had sooooo many turnovers on people
 Spot on about the Trump debacle and buffoonery.  Amusing and sad at the same time.  Great read!
 If it's only half true this president is a POS!
 My only criticism of this book is, the author wasn't able to draw/organize the numerous people and their titles into a cohesive, yet flowing manner.  I had to continually look up people and what their job roles were.
 Ok read. I've passed it along to friends.
 still need to read it
 It speaks volumes about the current political situation in the White House today. Highly recommended
 Must read. Very entertaining.
 anything that shows what a moron 45 is, i'll read.
 #sad
 I know this will be an interesting and entertaining read....
 I was bored the first few minutes. Don't buy it. Get it from the library.
 Very good read!! Definitely worth the price!!
 Poorly written expose of ouyr most criminal president. Wolf though intimate to many of the white house's intrigues does a poor job of documenting and relating his story at many junctures.
 I would recommend this book to no one.<br/>I gave it a two-star rating because I was being kind.<br/>There is so much repetition it could drive the reader crazy.
 well this had some news expected...other stuff was just fluff.
 Its OK
 Interesting book. I certainly take a lot in this book with a grain of salt. But knowing these "Character's" most rings true.
 If the review format allowed, I would put that OMG in 200-point font. The book describes a farce, not even a Greek tragedy that would require some gravitas, that is spoiled by the real consequences of the actors. A farce that is a nuclear-level Holocaust. And we get to live it, holding our collective breaths, in fear and anxiety.<br/>My earnest wish is for the author to write a sequel. Wouldn’t that be grand? Consider a smiley-face here.<br/>Read this book.
 if you have time to waste and enjoy juicy gossip...sure go for it.
 Mr. Wolff missed the real damage Trump is doing to our country. He did not really discuss the ramifications of Trump's executive orders and the horrific cuts to our federal departments. Even if Democrats win big in the November elections it will take us years to repair the damage this idiot has done.
 Considering what has happened I feel this book was written truthfully and like a reporter would report what actually happened.
 Reads ok. Kind of makes you mad reading this book about our president.
 I consider myself to be fairly literate but I needed a dictionary! He goes after Republicans &amp; Democrats!
 Great
 Very well written and informative.  Plenty of detail and encompasses a lot of individuals to create a portrait that is remarkable.
 Loved the book but most of the stuff in there was no surprise.
 No real surprises, but it was nice to have a journal of the election events in one place.
 So  much has happened in trump's first year.  Brings it all back
 Good read of current events even if it’s highly fictionized. Not a lot of attributions of facts or quotes.
 Decent book, not as exciting as they made it out to be. I also couldn't figure out what he meant in the introduction that some stories are untrue. How am I supposed to know what to believe?<br/>But the writing style was professional and smooth.
 This book actually confirms everything we have heard about this so called President....and more.  Wonderful read....just can’t put it down!
 Easy readuing
 There is obvious bias, but still a compelling read.
 I think all the media behind this book made us believe that it would be really feeling all the secrets inside the White House, but this book happens to be just a recap of the latest events, nothing new, nothing different versus what we have already seen in the media
 Sure is good to know just how stupid out Pres. Really is
 not my way of thinking
 Great read !
 Wish this was fiction instead of real life. Haha
 great read
 Good read. No really surprises. No, there was one.
 It was what I expected so don't have a comment
 Thoroughly enjoyable. Wolff’s writing is fluid and diction is spot on. I picked up many new vocabulary words. For me, the book was less valuable for it’s play-by-play plot than it was for a very insightful character analysis of each of the main player’s in Trump’s early administration.
 The book was depressingly interesting, but the main reason I wanted to write a review is because I'm convinced that Trump is so paranoid that he might read these reviews. He personalizes everything, even something as trivial as a book review.<br/><br/> As the book makes clear, Trump has no fixed compass. His "gut" drives him. Therefore, his lackeys are in a state of constant stir trying to figure out how they can address his "gut." They can't and so are fired nearly randomly. Trump is a mix between Andrew Johnson and Warren Harding. Johnson believed he was always right and had a knee-jerk tendency to react to any slight. Harding just wanted to be liked. Trump, unfortunately, doesn't have the brains of either (and neither was ever accused of being a mental giant). His only real interest in America is as a cash cow.
 Wouldn't have purchased if not for the Dotard's frantic attempt to censor this book. Sorry, "Little Fingers" but you will have to pry this book from my cold, dead, hands.
 I wish it wasn't true
 Good reading!
 I think the majority of this is true and would stand up to libel.<br/><br/>Although I hate his politics, I kind of feel sorrry for Bannon who had to deal with the imbecile-in-chief.
 It's even worse since the book was written!!!!OMG!
 It's ok.
 good book that gets redundant
 the only thing I have of this Idiot
 I'm only on the 4th chapter, but I like the "inside "<br/>viewpoint &amp; info we'd never know.
 Grammar is not the greatest but the story is interesting and so happy I bought it.
 The book is good and I believe it to be factual. I feel that the author could have found more common words to express himself. Words such as opprobrium, solipsism, and revanchism are over the top and caused this reader to stumble. I understood what was meant but those sort of words feel heavy and stop the flow of the read. Maybe it is symbolic and Michael Wolff enjoys the idea that Trump will have to use a dictionary in order to read it.
 Book is interesting, but didn't blaze any new trails or produce any surprises to me.
 I got bored with this book very fast.  It’s all in the news.
 Demonstrates the inner workings of the WH. Shows how top aides have their own agendas and leak confidential info to further their own cause.
 Not perfect but worth the read. Mostly rehashed rumors we already knew but some eye opening new revelations as well. If you are interested in the Trump administration for any reason, a good read. Mainly, it confirmed all I had already suspected.
 Everyone should read this book.
 Great, revealing book from behind the scenes.
 Great book!
 The Trump Whitehouse is a travesty!
 Good book. I'm waiting for Trump to self destruct. I think the time is getting close!
 One can read this book in a Saturday morning. OK if you get your world view from tabloid journalism.
 What can you say.  Not great journalism.  Interesting read if you can filter.
 The Truth came out • Facts I liked
 Good view of the chaos.
 Nice to read the truth about what happens in Washington from
 Great product, fast shipping!
 The White House says this book is  “Fake News” .  The President,t  called it boring lies. I really don’t know how much of this is factually true, but it seems to be true In a very global way and I can say that it is not boring.
 t had many interesting details of many of the tricks planned by Trump and his team. I can see much clearer how he operates. He is  a shame to the American way.. I would recommend it to anyone who questions his actions so they can get a clear picture of what a con man he really is. Fire and Fury pretty well say's it all.
 I look forward to Mr. Wolff's wrap-up of the Trump story, hopefully before the year is out.
 Great read!
 Still reading
 Fun to read about the chaos in the WH!
 Really not really new information. Mostly conjecture from known the info.  Meh
 OK as a sudser and gossip piece!
 Very well written and the author has a large vocabulary.<br/>Not too much I didn’t know.
 Good
 Good value and prompt delivery.
 Finally , after trying to make sense of the chaos, it has been done for me. And it still makes no sense.
 Love the book but not the man!
 GOOD BOOK
 Honestly, shoddy journalism.
 As per stars posted
 Exactly what I thought it would be.
 I was blown away with the writer’s style. He brought us a clear look at the people that we have grown to despise. The book is a cornerstone for anyone trying to make sense of the endless madness. He also brings home some hope by reminding us that there are some considerable minds in this administration. Highly recommend!
 Hard to get through and hardly rev aling.
 Excellent! Great deal too!
 this book tells the story of our Supreme Orange Leader. It gives you insight on the daily operations of the Trump White House and just how really bad this man is at running anything but his mouth. If you love Trump you will probably commit suicide after reading this book. If you want a different prospective other then Fox News this will just freak you out.
 Questionable
 Donald Trump is the very definition of "deplorable" and continues to confirm what's in this book on a daily, wait, hourly basis with the lies and his crazy and/or inflamatory remarks. After I finish this book, I'll be looking forward to the photo book: Obama - An Intimate Portrait.<br/>BTW, I'm pretty sure there's a certain person curled up on her sofa with a nice glass of wine and a bowl of popcorn.....Karma indeed! Just an update, after finishing this book, it occurs to me there are so many of us in this country that will absolutely not allow it to become a dictatorship. Anyone who thinks that couldn't happen here needs to study how Hitler came into power. So RESIST! And vote!!
 Great read and best inside story of our crazy White House!
 Did not enjoyed this book but that doesn't mean others won't.  I am not a fan of Mr Trump.
 Fascinating read.
 Interesting but not astounding.  "Maybe" it was worth the price.
 Not worth the money.  Most of what is written the public has already seen on the news.
 Satisfied with purchase.
 I found it a fascinating &amp; compelling read &amp; would have rated it a 5 on that alone.  Problem is I rated it a 1 on the credibility scale.  Can anyone man &amp; people he surrounds himself with really be that bad?  Still, there's enough truth out there I gave it a 3.
 Enjoyed this immensely.....
 It is an eye-opener. We must pay more attention to who we as a country decides to elect to run our country.
 Our politics are so rotten, corruption every where.
 i could not get through this book because the writing was so bad. There are grammatical errors and awkward sentences on every page
 This book shows how dysfunctional this administration is.  A real eye opener.
 It is ok book. Most of it is old news.
 A must have, comprehensive insight into the 45th P....P....... gosh I just can't seem to say it.  This will no doubt in time become last word on the inner chaos of the Trump Whitehouse, the travesty of an administration covering up the disaster, and a bumbling, rambling, spontaneously combusting, McDonalds fueled dullard, who stumbled into the drivers seat of the most difficult to drive vehicle on the entire planet, but who could only seem to get it into reverse. A copy of this book should be in every American household, to serve, either as a reminder of what a horrendous mistake we made in November of 2016, or as an awesome coffee soaker upper to protect your favorite coffee table.
 A fun non(?)fiction piece that is engaging and fun to read. A nice balm after a year of this in the news.
 Was an enjoyable and easy read. Spent all day reading it, but enjoyed it. When you get past a few of the big quotes the media has reported, it is a book with multiple sources about a very dysfunctional organization in this White House led by a man who has no understanding of government or experience running any large organization. I have worked for a few dysfunctional corporations, including run by autocrats and dictators. This just takes it to a higher level of dysfunction but certainly not surprising to anyone who follows the news. I get it why people want to work in the White House, but it chews most up and adding total chaos is a recipe for personal and professional disaster. Given that most of the people in this book have zero experience working in government, and the extent of their hubris thinking that they can run the U.S. Government with no experience, you can see why the results have been so disastrous.
 An intriguing look into a presidency that most of us thought implausible, at the least. It is difficult to believe that everything written in here is true, but one thing is for sure, it is equal parts entertaining and alarming.
 It’s a fun if slightly tabloid read. I have no reason to question the overall slant of the narrative here, and in honesty, the level of shrieking from the White House over it lends it a greater air of credibility than it might otherwise have. Nobody screams that loud, with such little substantive criticism, if you haven’t struck a nerve.
 OK and well written  .Make your own judgement after reading
 Remember that time we all happily paid to watch that dumb movie about North Korea that the mad man tried to keep anyone from seeing? The fact that he tried to bully them into keeping this book from us is all the more reason to buy it.
 Its is so.... you must read it.
 I wonder how many of the people that voted for Trump regrets their vote. I tell you they are getting what they deserve. Unfortunately, those of us who didn’t vote for him are getting what they deserve too. How could the undereducated and so- called conservative intellectuals not see that Trump is just an old fashion con artist. They could not see he was “playing” them for fools. He was never a good businessman, husband or even politician. They will get it, when things go sour in this country and, they will go sour. The people who voted for Trump will point their fingers at Obama, the Democratic Party and liberals and blame them for the trouble that Trump caused. But what they must remember is when people point a finger at you, there are three pointing back at them. Republicans remember Donald Trump and everything he does you own. You elected him with a lot of help from Russians. You own him.<br/><br/>The book was a good one except for a few typos. I believe if you had no plans to read it, you should change those plans. It’s a great book.
 WHAT I EXPECTED
 This book was extremely helpfu.  I am glad I read it. Knowledge is empowering. If you want to feel more informed about the current political mess, this book will help.
 😀😀😀😀😀😀
 Not much beyond what’s been reported, but with more context and background.  People might not believe everything here, but if  only a portion is true...
 Boring....saw on t.v. And that is more than enough . Could not finish this book.  The events are important and not solved just boring...
 Trump’s daily outbursts already create enough anxiety for most Americans and the citizens of the world, but I nevertheless felt it was important to read this book during my "leisure" time,<br/><br/>Much of the subject matter is nothing new and has been reported extensively during the past year (not-so-spoiler alert:  most of the people who work/have worked with Trump do not believe he's fit to be President).  And all the new "bombshells", such as Bannon's comments about the Russian meeting at Trump Tower, have already made the headlines.  The book can be a little gossipy, and Wolff's journalistic reputation is not impeccable, but I believe that the book is mostly true - at least true enough that the overall depiction of the Trump Administration is accurate.<br/><br/>Even though all the news-worthy information has already been reported, I am glad that this book was published.  Bumping up the publication date was a great move - Trump needs to be shown that he's now in the big leagues and can no longer bully the little guy by threatening lawsuits.  Plus, he needs to know that he can’t get away with whatever he wants because he was born rich.<br/><br/>Regardless of your opinion of the book, it will certainly hold a place in the history of the Trump Administration.
 bought it for my wife and she loves it.
 Excellent Book !~
 Interesting
 A very interesting document on the “government “ of Donald Trump.
 0.o<br/>Even more disturbing than I thought it would be. The author is an experienced schmoozer and celebrity writer, which is how and why he had free access to the Trump White House.  His many hours of taped interviews and insights gleaned from being on hand are all here in this book. Front and center in the Three Ring Circus that is the Trump White House.
 Enjoyable read if you don't care for Trump but not well written.
 Great book, very believable
 Bought out of curiosity.  Some of it is interesting, some not.
 ok
 It’s not a “Mommy Dearest” tell-all book, but a carefully executed telling of the back story behind many of the events I’ve already heard about.  No great revelations or big surprises. It was good to hear some of the things that went on behind the scenes.  I also appreciated a closer look at the many individuals that have passed through the West Wing’s revolving door. Well written (the audio book was well narrated) and a sad confirmation of what we already know.
 A must read.
 I recommend this product.
 Started out good, but got tedious. I didn't finish it.
 Books is good it shows the true chaos that the white house is in every day.  However, I really hate Trump.
 It is entertaining but not revelating. Trump is Trump and won't change. Hopefully the system works and we will all be able to live happily ever after
 Amazingly juicy and believable given Trump’s own antics.  It explains a lot if you get what I mean
 The book is excelllent.
 Even if half of this book is true, we are in big trouble.<br/>Well written and thought provoking it made me laugh and worried.<br/>It deserves 5 stars.
 Slow reading at first but it gets going.  Thank you for getting this info out to the public.  Trump must go!
 Great book, well written and easy to read quickly.
 Wow, it was hard to read about all the back, Stabbing and  chaos that now  represents our government .
 Sensational at times—but insightful to how things are/were in the Trump White House. Scary, too. Easy, light, and fast read.
 Well written but hard to read due to subject matter as it pertains to the management of our country. Interesting read and book club gave thumbs up.
 Not nearly as good or as interesting as all the hype!
 Very interesting to look behind the scenes.
 I'm obviously not a Trump fan. I usually do not read or buy books like this, but the book sparked my interest caused by the situation of the current presidency. I really like how the book is written.
 Great book.  Really told what goes on inside the Trump Whitehouse.
 Interesting but I think it may need some fact checking.
 Don't know if the information is all true but it was very interesting to read.
 Exactly what I expected.
 Protest purchase . Don't forget to vote in the November midterm elections!!!!
 AAAAAAAAA
 Very interesting read.  Frankly, it seems true to me.  Trump is a lunatic.
 Just a book
 this was hilarious, well written and read like a dishy gossip session.
 Pretty good!! It was a quick read and very entertaining. All of it needs a touch of skepticism, of course.
 Understanding that much of the book is essentially a consolidation of rampant hearsay, it answers so many questions about why this administration has acted the way that it has.  Coupled with one's own observations of Trump and the people around him, the reader will have a new sense of clarity, which is oddly both satisfying and deeply concerning.
 Better than expected.
 Very interesting
 Fakest of fake news.  A great read.  Sure to be a classic 20 years from now.
 Wate of money
 Wasn't an easy read for me.
 Interesting and fun read . Interesting vocabulary
 Excellent reporting of the times and how we got to a place where grifting reached the highest level of the land.
 When history judges the effects of Trump’s Administration, it will always be against the the backdrop of Michael Wolff’s candid account. Like a 21st Century Plutarch, but with the literary style of Capote.
 Love it on my phone.
 EXCELLENT WRITING!!!  A real real peek into the nightmare which is our White House currently.
 Fascinating and scary
 Great insight into what was going on.  Well written, keeps all the LcharactersL and their contributions straight,.
 heard most of this from reading papers and watching news shows
 Reading it slowly. Enjoying every page!!!
 So,so
 I especially liked the description of how he achieved that coiffure.
 Just reinforces what we already knew about this man. Well written, some editing errors, probably based on the speed to publish quickly but overall a very good read.
 I was unimpressed with this book. Wolff repeats things we had heard in the media (or seen portrayed on SNL) umpteen times before, with little attribution or clarifying detail. If you consider Trump an egocentric naif with no self-control, you can read this book for validation that there are others who feel the same way, but don't expect it to contain any new information. The writing wasn't compelling, nor was I pulled in by the author's blanket statement excusing himself from attributing his "facts." I'm not a fan of 45, but this book could be either the truth or a hatchet job, and there is no way here of telling the difference. Don't waste your time.
 It's a must-read, but the author is a sloppy writer. Run-on sentences, other grammatical errors, and tortured clausing detract from the telling.
 Very insightful.
 Haven't even "cracked the spine" of this book yet and yes I know I just put money into the pockets of the author and publishers but $15 is nothing compared to the joy of standing up to any attempt at a police state.  Censorship is just the tip of that sword. It starts with the war on media, press, and critics.  Followed by the ostracizing of any group not white-American. Then advances to the banning of books and Videos that don't shine a favorable light on the Moron in Chief.  Who's Next?  That's easy.... Who's left?
 A glimpse of what is coming ahead...a battle to control America politics and ultimately to define its future and that of the rest of the world...
 I didn't like the vulgar language but that's typical of the GOP president.
 Ok for train or plane ride, no thinking needed just concern for where we as a nation will be in 4 years,
 I voted for Trump, but wasn't happy about it. Our choices weren't good. That being said, I was not impressed at all by this book. Most of it was not news to anyone who keeps up with political current events. I do believe the author's claim that Trump didn't really think he would win, which seems woefully obvious when you look at how unprepared he was, and still is, since he did. The book was a very boring slog of a read, it was hard to actually finish it. I managed, but the hype for this book didn't really match what it is, just speculation by the author on why Trump operates the way he does, and the unqualified people he's surrounded himself with in the White House.
 I am not sure how much of Fire and Fury is purely factual but I found most of it to be plausible and believable, I am sorry to report.
 Things in the White House are as bad as expected, even if only half of what Wolff writes is accurate.
 enjoyed reading the book - quite a lot of detailed information on Trump's eccentricities
 Was a gift to my dad who read it immediately and had it finished within days.
 If it really wasn't true, who would waste their time denying its validity. A great insight into the merry-go-round that is the Trump presidency. A mus t read for any American who cares about our future.
 I got the Kindle copy shortly after it came out.  The description of the White House characters was shocking and depressing.  I only read the first half of the nook and then gave up.  I could not keep all the characters straight (who was who).  I disliked Trump during the campain and more so since.<br/>I still find it hard to understand anyone who could believe in him and want him as their president.  What a contrast to Obama's personality (which I greatly admired).<br/>The book was well written but very critical and not very analytical (for me).<br/>For others, if you can stand it and hold your nose, you might be glad you read it.  It was too much for me.<br/>T Roe in LA
 Quite the page-turner! This book gives a fascinating inside view of the circus that is the Trump White House.
 Not a fan of trumps, but wondering what the gossip was all about.
 I listened to this book on Audible- great narration.<br/>I wasn’t surprised with the content...as I, like most of us, know this is an accurate depiction of the President and the staff among him.<br/>I laughed, I cried - but since the election, it’s a daily occurrence.
 Very disjointed. The author is not much of a writer. Wish I had not purchased this as most was posted in articles before and after it's release.
 Wife book  she liked it
 If you have been following the political news, there is nothing in this book that with surprise you. Some of the detail is interesting. Overall, it is supportive of my worst fears. The President is not cut out to be the leader of a democratic republic. Many of his ideas are worth discussion, but he doesn't have the ability to sell them, and can not attract the quality of people to help him. Unfortunately, he doesn't have the ability to realize it. I voted for him. I shouldn't have!
 donald trump is as worthless as you thoink. this book is a great read!!!!
 A must read for anyone interested in our current political discourse!
 Through this book one gets an inside view of a dysfunctional  White House lead by a scary maniac President.  Yes, it is easy to quibble about whether a meeting did or did not happen, but that is missing the point.  The overarching issue is how ill prepared, petty, insecure and vindictive a person Trump really is.  He demeans and diminishes in the world’s eyes the office of President every day he occupies it.
 It’s everything I wanted to read about pi’s 45 and his nazi puppets
 Every American citizen should read this book.
 The spokesman  voice is clear and easy to understand.
 What trump is doing in the White House.
 Fair
 ...too much noise...little substance...
 Shocking but well written.
 Buy this book. It is well worth it.
 exactly as promised
 Good read
 Nice product
 Let's hope it's not true. OUT OF CONTROL GOVERNMENT !<br/>Would have been better if less tabloid style and included The congress reaction
 Great book from an intelligent author who observed and detailed with astute insight.
 Great, liked it all, very enlightening.
 Price good. Delivery as timely as it could be. Content for another forum.
 Interested because government turmoil,  not a page Turner but gave me more information to develop an opinion
 The only problem with this book is that while it  indeed has an end, our long national nightmare does not.
 crap
 Interesting read...concerned about author's research.
 Nothing revealed will come as a huge surprise to anyone who follows the headlines and/or has read the transcripts of Trump's interviews.  It would have been a lot more fun to read if the stakes weren't so high....
 Nothing in this book surprised me. More voters should read this book before the mid-term elections.
 This appears to be an accurate account of Trump's first year in office.
 This book could be updated every day. This is never ending drama. I enjoyed the insight and backstabbing inside the West Wing. Someone is going to prison.
 I found it quite intereting and informative. I like the fact that the author cited references.
 gift for my husband
 Book is what I EXPECTED.
 Guess I wasn't crazy about the writers style.  couldn't keep interested in it.
 Elegantly Bergdorfian in scope (no muddy shoes), deliciously witty, sometimes stumbling on depth, all in its elegant skewering of politics in general and the Orange Monster in particular. Compulsively readable.
 Despite some minor errors in this book, Wolff gets the big picture right, and that makes it required reading. A must.
 Thank you!
 A real eye-opener!
 I couldn't resist buying this book simply because Donald Trump tried to stop its publication. Maybe I can read a few pages.
 Pretty informative, but predictable
 Very informative. A fast read.
 Was curious...absolute garbage and I am not a Trump fan.
 Facts match what I am reading in newspapers.
 A little like the National Enquirer.
 A review of Fire And Fury<br/><br/>My initial feeling, from reading the excerpts before Fire And Fury was actually published, was that this was a Hunter S. Thompson, Fear And Loathing On The Campaign Trail style book. Now, having bought and read the ebook version of Fire And Fury, I have to add to that. It DOES cover the 2016 campaign, like Thompsons book covered the 1972 campaign, but it does more. It also covers the first 8 months or so of 2017, exposing in detail the complete unstructured chaos of the Trump White House. As such, I would compare it to Woodward And Bernstein's All The President's Men.<br/><br/>Wolff, as has been noted, had access to the major and minor players over an extended period of time. I don't know for sure that all the quotations are accurate, since I wasn't there. Certainly the quotes seem to reflect the individual personalities accurately.<br/><br/>I see nothing in this book that is unbelievable, aside from the fact that Trump won the election, itself the most unbelievable event in modern politics.<br/><br/>If you are anti-Trump, this book merely connects the dots and fills in the details. If you are pro-Trump, you should read this, but I doubt you will.
 It gave some insight to the workings of the White House, but it was more about Steve Bannon than Donald Trump
 Great.  Just what I expected.
 Events move so fast in this administration, this book now seems dated! However, it is a good read with fascinating insights into some nutty behavior.
 I downloaded this book because my perceptions of what’s happening in this administration has gone from annoying, to disturbing to very alarming .<br/>The author clearly explains the roles and politics within the Trump White House. I have a good understanding of the key players and their contributions. And his observations regarding our presidents state of mind seem consistent with what Americans are experiencing each day.<br/>I’ve always enjoyed reading Michael Wolff and this is no exception. In fact, I appreciate him tackling this issue of paramount importance to every American . This is my first read of 2018 and certainly memorable.
 I am glad it was written but after getting it I gave it away because I just could not stand to read it.
 Overrated unreliable hearsay not validated anticipated and predictable still a good read esp if not to date on what media reported when this came out.
 cannot believe this person is running our country!  pray for all of us.
 Well researched and written. Confirms many of the worst suspicions about our president and his minions.
 It was everything that I expected and was delivered in a timely manner.
 Difficult and boring to read
 Loved the inside scoop, but the author’s writing style is disjointed, even sometimes disruptive. But I would recommend anyway. Enjoy
 YEAH!
 Salacious reading, but plugged full of speculation rather than fact.
 Slightly hard to follow but an enjoyable informative read.
 Excellent quick read. Terrifying to consider the effects this administration will have on our nation and the world as whole.
 Very interesting read about a little boy who never grew up. What a nut case!
 I just had to have it after trump's attempt to stop it.  Bought the audio book version, Friday and finished it Saturday.  Started over again this morning.
 The book brings some issues into focus.
 Everything you would imagine about Trump. No surprises for me. I did get abit more insight to the chaos in the White House. This is what we asked for.. Thank you for the entertainment!!
 Full of great stories, but some are hard to believe. The writing and especially the editing could stand to be a lot better.
 Book is boring in many sections
 Haven't read it yet, but I want this to be the highest rated book ever.
 just what it says...hard to tell real from not...
 People have said it many times - thanks #45, for recommending this book! You've come out so many times in support of the 2nd Amendment, but this was much cheaper (and safer) entertainment than a handgun. Nice to get to know you a little bit better, you son of a gun.
 Demoracy at its worst, free speech at its best.<br/><br/>Select stats:  "idiot" mentioned 9 (nine) times in the book, "stupid"or "stupidity"10 (ten) times, "crazy" 11 (eleven) times ...mostly referring to one man or his family.
 Intersting book
 Well-written and in-depth with information and insights only an insider like Michael Wolff could obtain. Riveting, frightening and honest.
 Confirms what the "fake news" has accurately been reporting about the FAKE PRESIDENT all along.
 Confirms the illegitimacy of this presidency.
 Still haven't read it.
 Fascinating Book with questionable impact
 Awesome
 I enjoyed ut
