 It's a pity party for Hillary. She should have kept her internal thoughts to herself.I liked her before I started reading this.
 Hillary’s sour grape lamenting and self righteous rhetoric saturated every page of this book. While she did admit her share of mistakes on the campaign trail she seems to be much more interested in taking jabs at her opponent and implying that she was the only choice.....so what happened?  I still don’t know.<br/><br/>Understandably losing something you strived for so desperately is crushing and I felt bad for her.  I really believe she thought there was no way she would lose to someone like Donald Trump. She didn’t see defeat barreling toward her, didn’t realize no one trusted her, didn’t step outside her haughty brilliance to notice the large crowds at Trump rallies, nor did she seem to catch on that though the tone of Trump’s delivery was harsh vernacular, he was saying what many were thinking.<br/><br/>But it’s all over now. You lost. you’ve had your whine.  Get over yourself and move on.<br/><br/>Oh, and Hillary,I wouldn’t bring up that lying thing...Clinton’s should not throw stones in that direction.
 Reading through reviews on this page, I don’t think half of the people writing even read the book. Hillary does NOT claim her campaign was perfect, she does NOT say she was the perfect candidate, and she does NOT place the blame on others for her loss. Rather, she clearly admits when and how mistakes were made, how she earnestly sought to understand the needs and desires of ALL Americans, and how she continuously revisits campaign moments, wondering how she could have done it differently. This is an honest, touching, and well-written memoir of a woman who put it all on the line for her country. Great read and would recommend 100%.
 What happened to Hillary Rodham Clinton is much like what happened with this book. Nothing. A woman in politics thinks she is going to be president and loses. This is her talking to herself and cleaning house to keep the pain of defeat at bay. Just my opinion. Another book bites the dust. Will anyone care in 20 years about this book?
 I wanted to hear her side of what happened not her tell how great her campaign was, how her positions were the best, how she would have been the better President.  It would have been a better read had she won.
 That was a painful read. Instead of a book I can't put down, it was a book I couldn't pick up. It took me a month to read it. I was expecting an inside look at the campaign: what worked, what didn't, strategies and the reasonings behind them, internal battles, successes and failures. This book has none of that. Instead it is a book of:<br/>* Democrat talking points<br/>* I love my daughter and my mother and my grandkids. They are so wonderful. Oh, and my dad too, I guess. And Bill's really an OK guy.<br/>* Everyone else is a jerk: Donald, Bernie, Comey, the FBI, the Russians, the Republicans, the media, white women--make that any woman who didn't vote for me because, well, you know, because I'm a woman.<br/>* People who voted for Trump really are deplorable. No seriously, I mean it. Geesh, Trump groped a woman. That makes people who support him deplorable, doesn't it?<br/>* I wanted to talk about issues but everyone else wanted to talk about how incompetent I am with email.<br/><br/>There was so much in this book that had nothing to do with "What Happened" and so little to do with what actually did happen.<br/><br/>The way she blamed everyone else, a better title would have been, "The Buck Starts Here".
 If you want to know what Hillary wants you to think happened during the 2016 Election, this could be the book for you.  If you want Hillary to have a few more bucks, this is you book.  If you want a copy of "What Happened " from Goodwill or Salvation Army.  At least the money will go to a real charity.
 I voted for HRC. I bought the book. I read the book. The two-star review represents what I genuinely think about it.<br/><br/>A good 75% of the book has nothing to do with "what happened." Most of the book is HRC telling about her political career, her wonderful family, her mother, her wonderful life with Bill, how much she cares about people, especially children, her wonderful, hard-working staff, etc. This is fine but it's a lot to wade through to get to the meat of the book, and once you get to the meat, it's a pretty cheap cut.<br/><br/>HRC lays out a good case against FBI Director James Comey and against Russian "fake news" items that saturated social media and against the media for fixating on the non-scandal of her emails while ignoring her policies and plans for America. I came away from the book with a finer understanding of how these forces worked against her. She also has choice words for her opponent in the primary, Sen. Bernie Sanders, whom she believes "gave ammunition" to Trump. She was less convincing on this front as virtually nothing Sanders said against HRC during the primary battle was new; his criticisms of HRC were general talking points before Sanders ever entered the contest.<br/><br/>The book whitewashes the DNC's actions against Sanders during the primary, actions that turned a good number of Sanders supporters (HRC continues use of the odious "Bernie Bros." epithet) against her. She blames Russian leaks of DNC emails for Debra Wasserman Shultz's departure but makes no mention of what was IN those emails that was so incriminating. HRC praises the hard work of Donna Brazile but fails to mention how Brazile was caught stealing debate questions (for the debate with Sanders) from CNN and then leaking those questions to HRC and not to Sanders.<br/><br/>HRC skims over her failure to deliver a simple, inspirational vision for America as Trump did for his supporters and as Sanders did for his. She talks of her many policies and issue statements and acknowledges that such things aren't as catchy for voters as Trump's and Sanders' rhetoric. This statement is literally one sentence long, and yet it reveals the main reason her campaign failed: She does not know how to inspire people to vote for her. She's proud of her campaign slogan, "Stronger Together," without recognizing how flat it falls compared with Trump's "Make America Great Again." She talks of a program she and Bill worked out to share investment income with all Americans, the way Alaska shares oil revenue with its citizens, and calls it "Alaska for Americans." My god, what a horrible name! But she doesn't see it. She's tone deaf when it comes to language.<br/><br/>She's also blind to the issue of optics. She acknowledges that her highly-paid and secretive speeches to Wall Street firms "looked bad," but she far underestimates just how negatively those speeches affected her image. She speaks in the book proudly of the designers she has designing her clothing, but seems oblivious to the way those very same clothes impact the unemployed formerly-working class people she admits to wooing unsuccessfully.<br/><br/>There is no doubt but that big forces worked against Hillary Clinton's candidacy, but major forces opposed Trump, also. What is telling in HRC's memoir and analysis are her own blind spots, her weakness as a campaigner who fails to inspire, her over-reliance on her status as "first female Presidential nominee from a major party" (53% of white women voted for Trump, but HRC doesn't examine why), and her refusal to acknowledge how the DNC, during the primary, alienated the progressive voters she would later need to win the general election. (Even here, though, we have figures now indicating that 12% of Sanders supporters went over to Trump, whereas in 2008, after HRC lost the primary to Obama, 24% of her supporters went over to McCain. In other words, Sanders supporters were still more supportive of HRC than HRC's supporters were of Obama by 2-to-1.)<br/><br/>So around and around we go. Some reviews state that HRC blames everyone but herself for her loss. I think this statement is a bit strong, but certainly she turns her back, at least in this book, to enough of her own failings and those of the DNC to earn the criticism.<br/><br/>So there is my review of "What Happened," as a Democrat, as someone who voted for Hillary Clinton, as someone who bought the book from Amazon and read every word.
 Clinton is a master of making excuses.<br/>Why were she and her husband photographed at Trump's wedding?  Because as rich jet setters, they were invited, and thought they would go as a joke.<br/>Why did she vote for the Iraq War? You should be ashamed for even asking. Men don't get held accountable for their bad votes!<br/>Why don't voters like her? They do! They really do! And if they don't it's because they're sexist. Or because the Russians. Or because the FBI. But really... if you don't like Clinton it's because you just don't understand how absolutely likable she is.<br/>This book doesn't tell us what went wrong in the campaign. Clinton tells us how mistaken we were in every criticism that was ever leveled against her. Any responsibility she takes in losing the presidential race is done in passing, and quickly followed by another excuse.<br/>I voted for Clinton. I respect her, and I have many (but not all) opinions in common with her. But this was a painful and cringeworthy read.
 As usual, women are portrayed negatively when they are competent, assertive, unwilling to play the silly games or fit the stereotype men want to place them in. HRC would have been a great president, focused on policy and how to achieve important outcomes; instead, we got a bellicose, belligerent, hyperbolic, reality/tabloid star who hasn't left the 70's, doesn't read anything but tabloids and has no substance, much less knowledge or understanding of real issues.  Shameful.
 She wrote in the “Author’s Note” section of this 2017 book, “This is my story of what happened. It’s the story of what I saw, felt, and thought during two of the most intense years I’ve ever experienced. It’s the story of what led me to this crossroads of American history and how I kept going after a shocking defeat… It’s also the story of what happened to our country, why we’re so divided, and what we can do about it… In this book, I write about moments from the campaign that I wish I could go back and do over… I’ve tried to learn from my own mistakes. There are plenty, as you’ll see in this book, and they are mine and mine alone… I also share with you the painful days that followed the election… Now when people ask me how I’m doing, I say that, as an American, I’m more worried than ever---but as a person, I’m doing okay. This book is the story of that journey.”<br/><br/>In the first chapter, she observes, “Something is wrong. How could sixty-two million people vote for someone they heard on tape bragging about repeated sexual assault? How could he attack women, immigrants, Muslims, Mexican Americans, prisoners of war, and people with disabilities---and still be elected to the most important and powerful job in the world?... Why did the media decide to present the controversy over my emails as one of the most important political stories since the end of World War II? How did I let that happen? How did we?” (Pg. 15)<br/><br/>She notes, “my opponents spun wild tales about … how as President I would be forever in the pocket of the shadowy bankers who had paid my speaking fees… That was a mistake… I shouldn’t have assumed it would be okay for me to do it. Especially after the financial crisis of 2008-2009, I should have… stayed away from anything having to do with Wall Street. I didn’t. That’s on me.” (Pg. 45-46)<br/><br/>She states, “I understand that political coverage has to be about the horse race, but it’s become almost entirely about that and not about the issues that matter most to our country and to people’s lives. That’s something that has gotten increasingly worse over the years. That’s not entirely the press’s fault: the way we consume news has changed, which makes getting clicks all important, which in turn encourages sensationalism. Still, they’re responsible for their part.” (Pg. 99)<br/><br/>She points out, “This has to be said: sexism and misogyny played a role in the 2016 presidential election. Exhibit A is that the flagrantly sexist candidate won… But Donald Trump didn’t invent sexism, and its impact on politics goes far beyond this one election… Sexism exerts its pull in our politics and our society every day, in ways both subtle and crystal clear.” (Pg. 114) She continues, “It’s not easy to be a woman in politics… It can be excruciating, humiliating. The moment a woman steps forward and says, ‘I’m running for office,’ it begins: the analysis of her face, her body, her demeanor…. It can be unbelievably cruel.” (Pg. 116) Later, she adds, “It’s not easy for any woman in politics, but I think it’s safe to say that I got a whole other level of vitriol flung my way… I’ve been in politics for a long time, but I was taken aback by the flood od hatred that seemed only to grow as we got closer to Election Day.” (Pg. 126)<br/><br/>She states, “‘Change’ might be the most powerful word in American politics… In 1992 and 2008, ‘change’ meant electing dynamic young leaders who promised hope and renewal. In 2016, it meant handing a lit match to a pyromaniac.” (Pg. 195)<br/><br/>She recalls, “We had settled on Stronger Together as our theme for the general election after a lot of thought and discussion… My team… had started with three basic contrasts we wanted to draw with Trump… He was divisive, while I would work to bring the country together. The challenge was to find a way to marry all three together in a memorable slogan that reflected my values and record. Stronger Together did that better than anything else we could think of.” (Pg. 254)<br/><br/>She recounts, “you’ve most likely already heard more than your fill about my emails… For months after the election, I tried to put it all out of my mind. It would do me no good to brood over my mistake. And it wasn’t healthy or productive to dwell on the ways  I felt I’d been shivved by then-FBI Director Jim Comey—three times over the final five months of the campaign.” (Pg. 290) She acknowledges, “let me say again that, yes, the decision to use personal email instead of an official government account was mine and mine alone. I own that. I never meant to mislead anyone, never kept my email use secret, and always took classified information seriously… Mostly, I was furious at myself…” (Pg. 291-292) She continues, “31,000 of the emails I had were personal and not related in any way to my job as Secretary of State… But these messages also included… reports from family and friends about things happening in their personal lives… clearly private personal content. Naturally I didn’t want strangers reading them. So we checked to make sure we were following the rules, providing every relevant email I had, and deleted the personal ones.” (Pg. 300)<br/><br/>She adds, “Comey said that although … I had not violated the law…  we] were nevertheless ‘extremely careless.’ … I was angry and frustrated that Comey had used his public position to criticize me, my staff… with no opportunity for us to counter or disprove the charge… My first instinct was that my campaign should hit back hard and explain to the public that Comey had badly overstepped his bounds… My team raised concerns with that kind of confrontational approach. In the end, we decided it would be better to just let it go and try to move on. Looking back, that was a mistake.” (Pg. 310-311) She adds, “Why did Comey do it?... I can’t know what was in Comey’s head… What I do know, though, is that when you’re the head of an agency as important as the FBI, you have to care a lot more about how things really are than how they look, and you have to be willing to take the heat that goes along with the big job.” (Pg. 316)<br/><br/>She suggests, “If you add together all these factors---Trump’s affection for tyrants and hostility toward allies, sympathy for Russia’s strategic aims, and alleged financial ties to shady Russian actors---his pro-Putin rhetoric starts to make sense… Republican national  security experts were appalled by Trump’s embrace of Putin. So was I.” (Pg. 337) About the Russian cyberattacks in 2016, she states, “I understand the predicament the Obama administration faced… And President Obama did privately warn Putin directly to back off. I do wonder sometimes about what would have happened if President Obama had made a televised address to the nation in the fall of 2016 warning that our democracy was under attack. Maybe more Americans would have woken up to the threat in time. We’ll never know.” (Pg. 356) She adds, “This man  Trump] is President of the United States. And no one is happier than Vladimir Putin.” (Pg. 374)<br/><br/>As she and her team watched the election returns, “Now it was slipping away. I felt shell-shocked. I hadn’t prepared mentally for this at all. There had been no doomsday scenarios playing out in my head in the final days, no imagining what I might say if I lost. I just didn’t think about it. But now it was as real as it could be, and I was struggling to get my head around it… I could barely breathe.” (Pg. 385)<br/><br/>She summarizes, “I do think it’s fair to say there was a fundamental mismatch between how I approach politics and what a lot of the country wanted to hear in 2016… When people are angry and looking for someone to blame, they don’t want to hear your ten-point plan to create jobs and raise wages. They want you to be angry too… Moreover, I have come to terms with the fact that ta lot of people… decided they just didn’t like me… It hurts. And it’s a hard thing to accept. But there’s no getting around it.” (Pg. 398-399) She adds, “Comey made a choice to excoriate me in public in July and then dramatically reopen the investigation on October 28, all while refusing to say a word about Trump and Russia. If not for those decisions, everything would have been different.  Comey later said that he was ‘mildly nauseous’ at the idea that he influenced the outcome of the election. Hearing that made me sick.” (Pg. 406)<br/><br/>There is, or course, much, MUCH more to read and digest in this detailed, revealing, and illuminating memoir. It will be “must reading” for anyone who wishes to analyze the 2016 election, and its aftermath…
 I wrote a verified purchase review and it has been deleted 3 times. If Amazon doesn't like what we have to say, don't ask for input.
 Highly disappointing.
 Pretty much what I expected from her. "It's all my responsibility. It was my campaign and I made the decisions. But it's everyone else's fault that I made the decisions I did."<br/><br/>Let's put it this way, if you are a Clinton supporter, you will love her book. If you're not, you won't. It's very clear for whom she's writing this book. There are no surprises here.
 I'm a non-partisan who has actually read this book and have to agree with many of the negative reviews here. This pretty much sums up the book:<br/>1) It was MY turn<br/>2) The campaign was absolutely impeccable..without any flaws whatsoever<br/>3) It was everyone else's fault
 I think this will be a significant book for the next generation of voters and students who didn't follow the presidential campaign (and ridiculous gossip about emails) with a hawkeye the way I did. The problem I had with the book was it didn't really tell me "what happened" outside of what I already knew. I kept waiting on these gasp-worthy moments about things behind the scenes, but I didn't really get them. I was particularly amused at the practice runs for debating Trump. I had no idea about the team member who would imitate him from outfit to clothes to his lack of respect for personal space. I went on YouTube to watch the videos of her running away from the Trump impersonator. Other than that, I think this book would be more enjoyable for those who barely followed the campaign. Those who did already knew what happened: the electoral college screwed us as much as 45's voters.
 I liked the insiders view of the 2016 election from Hilary Clinton, who is telling her story, so that we Americans know what really happened.  I feel she is telling her story, for altruistic reasons, so that we Americans are forewarned and prepared to disallow the potentially illegal activities that do not fit our American values.
 I am still stinging from HRC’s defeat in the 2016 Presidential election.  This book completely reinforced my belief that Hillary would have been an awesome President.  I have always believed that a woman would one day lead our great nation and it’s such a shame that HRC was not elected.  Her grace and her policies would be lifting us all up now.  I have hope that someday her influence will be felt throughout our great nation.  Make the impossible, possible.
 what happened to the negative reviews? Looks like Amazon is censoring. I read this book -- a curiosity but lacking true substance and introspection.
 I couldn't really make it through the first chapter.
 I read this book from the point of view of someone who is agreeable to a type of politics that on a first principles level would probably be more oppositional to Clinton than harmonising.<br/><br/>I often thought if myself as someone who likely would have voted for her (had I been an American) but just as often would have voted for Republican candidates in the past.<br/><br/>With that in mind, I found the story of this book somewhat harder to read. I was not convinced that I was engaging in the best assessment of the 2016 election, though I was endeared by the personal anecdotes and descriptions of Clinton’s life and experiences as a politician.<br/><br/>Where I became much more engaged was about halfway through the book when Clinton moved from talking about “what happened” and into a broader discussion of Trump, Russia and principles held dear by America and the Wes. This discussion was imbued with her experience as a diplomat, senator, First Lady and principled stalwart for what she believed in.<br/><br/>It was concise, incisive in reasoning and showed her depth of experience.<br/><br/>This very well be an unfair characterisation if the first half of the book, but for me the experience was very much one of two halves. The first which, while appreciated for its honest opinion was harder for me to engage with. The second left me feeling like i has engaged with a author who had helped me grow in understanding and experience new ideas and thoughts on the world.
 As a fan of Hillary- I loved this book. I have passed it on to a reader who is not a fan and I have asked her to keep an open mind while reading
 This book is great, except that I wanted the updated version that happened with the paperback release. This is not updated. I am very dissapointed
 I found that this book was very interesting and the fact of a different perspective… I voted for Hillary because I’ve always known she was going to run for president and I was OK with that. I do believe it’s important for people to read this who only want to believe one side of the story based on what we’ve seen in the news and it’s a good idea to see it through her eyes and through  facts.
 I made the mistake of purchasing this book thus adding to coffers of one of the most despicable persons in the history of man! Horrible Hillary the Hill Billy Whore, her entire clan, Nancy Pelosi, Maxine Waters &amp; Chuckles Schumer all belong in general population of some of the most violent U S prisons!!!!
 I don't know who she's describing in the book.  She makes herself out to be the sweet little personable grandmother, until you remember that she's not.
 This book was very boring. Almost all of it was about Hillary's childhood, growing up, going to college, and how her career developed. Very little was addressed regarding all of the conflicts and problems with Trump. I only read the whole thing hoping that it would get better but it never did. I do not recommend this book. A lot of hype about nothing
 There’s NOTHING to dislike about this book or Hillary Clinton. She puts it all out there. She’s the most qualified person to ever run for office, she was robbed and more importantly America was robbed, we will be crippled for generations because of this hijacking of the 2016 election. This book is a told from the gut and is a gut wrenching read. #ForeverWithHer
 Hillary will go down in history as the first woman to become a major party nominee for president of the United States. I have followed her career after Bill was elected to the Presidency and have always admired her work ethic and policy. I wish I could say that I am now following her presidency.......but I’ve read the book and lived the history.<br/><br/>I am glad that she is not standing by and watching but getting involved as she has always done.<br/><br/>Do yourself a favor and read this book. The American people were robbed by Comey, head of the Justice dept. and most alarmingly, Russia and Putin. Her well edited, heavy on facts story, shows how they undermined her campaign. Not that she doesn’t take responsibility of her own doing but how it would have been hard for anyone to run against that, especially a strong willed, intellectual and compassionate“nasty woman”.<br/><br/>Stronger together!
 This version had an epilog about the Russians and Trump using them.
 The book reflected an unflattering side of Mrs. Clinton. It was hard to believe she was so out of touch with Rural America. Instead of concentrating on getting to know and relate to the people in small towns who are and were fiscal conservatives, she aimed for the densely populated cities. As it turned out, the large population centers couldn’t combat the huge numbers of people who felt ignored.<br/>It was too quickly written after the election.
 I looked forward to hearing what the problems were and wasn’t interested in her boosting about friends/relatives. Sad that we we’re stuck with the world as it is now. She let Trump have his say/way and wasn’t aggressive enough or savvy enough to win the election. Not really happy with the entire book. John, Silvia’s husband!
 Very bad book.
 Fascinating read on Mrs. Clinton, opened my eyes to her integrity and honesty.  I very much enjoyed this.
 Like so many others my previous review has been taken down because it was critical of Clinton's book.  In my previous review I referenced her book Hard Choices...."Believe it or not I actually liked this book."  Before Amazon took my previous down they used the line..."Believe it or not I actually liked this book" to highlight what I had supposedly said about What Happened.  .  If Amazon doesn't want our opinion stop asking for it.  Joseph Stalin would be proud of you guys.
 Great book that reads like a live interview.  Hilliary conveys what she was feeling and reiterates facts that half of the voters ignored about the disaster known as Trump.  Must read for those who value the truth!
 Loved this book  Ms. Clinton wrote often wit tongue in cheek and that took an edge off the detailed accounts.  Would recommend to anyone interested in hearing from the horses mouth.
 Did it's job well. The book and author sucks.
 This was a fascinating read of Hiliary's life, politics and the fractionations of American politics. Even though it was a complex read at times, the background to various episodes during the 2016 elections was necessarily highlighted and gave frightening insight to corruption and manipulation.
 This is still painful to read given what has transpired since.  There is not a lot of new information and it gets a little tedious at times.
 First, some information about me.<br/><br/>I purchased this book in Kindle format and read the whole thing. I habitually purchase a lot of stuff from Amazon and have written a bunch of other reviews before this one. I have been a Democrat my whole life and have only very, very occasionally voted for Republicans or third-party candidates. I voted for Bill Clinton in both Presidential elections and voted for Hillary Clinton against Trump last year. I have met both of the Clintons a couple of times and spent several hours on a few occasions in very small, private parties where they were in attendance, a few years after they left the White House. I am not a fan of Donald Trump at all and oppose almost everything that he is trying to do. I used to live in Chicago but more recently have been living in the intersection of Iowa and Wisconsin (two states that very well could have gone Democrat in 2016 but of course did not). I saw both Sanders and Trump speak in primary events, and then went to Trump's "Thank You" event in Des Moines, just to try to get a handle on how people in the Heartland were thinking about him (since it seemed to me that the media were getting it totally wrong).<br/><br/>I think that there are some good things to be said about Hillary Clinton. I do think she is smart.  I do think she is diligent and a hard worker. I do think that she really cares about children and about a few other pet issues. I do think that she has been attacked unfairly on a lot of occasions, and that being a woman has made things more difficult for her than they would have been if she were a man.<br/><br/>But still, this book seems to crystallize for me a lot of the problems that I have with Hillary Clinton at this moment in time, and the problems that I have with the Democratic party, and in general why I think that they are currently doing so badly.<br/><br/>Perhaps the biggest problem that I have with the book is that I believe that the title is misleading.  Although Clinton does attempt in the book to explain why she lost the election, in the end, she really seems to have no idea.<br/><br/>If instead the book had been called "What Campaigning in the 2016 Election Was Like for Me," likely I would feel comfortable giving the book another star.  Because that is pretty much solely what this book is about.  That is, Hillary tells in detail what it was like to campaign for President (what she ate, where she stayed, who she met, what kinds of gifts she bought for family members, how much time she had to spend maintaining her appearance, what she said, how she made the decisions that she did, what her private reactions were to the things that happened to her).  So if the goal of the reader is to learn more about Hillary Clinton, as a person, then perhaps this book is worth reading.<br/><br/>What the book does not do is to provide any reasoned or persuasive discussion on what I see as the key questions that political  leaders need to be discussing with regard to the 2016 election and the current state of affairs. Such as:  Why is it that both the Democratic and Republican parties nominated candidates with such abysmal popularity ratings?  Why is it that the majority of people are so unhappy with both political parties?  What is it about Bernie Sanders that makes him continue to be the most popular (by far) well-known politician in America?  In what ways might the Democratic party change in order to be more likely to win elections?  Or, in what ways might the Republican party change in order to prevent people like Trump from winning elections?<br/><br/>Clinton does not focus at all on any of these questions, except in the most superficial way.  There is nothing on them here that has not already been hashed to death in the Washington Post (owned by Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos) and other newspapers that I consider to be very strongly biased in terms of the Democratic party elites who chose Clinton to be their nominee.<br/><br/>In my opinion, the biggest question that Clinton does not discuss at all in this book is how much the Democratic  party has turned all of its focus toward the goal of making rich people (like Jeff Bezos, no?) even richer, and giving crumbs to the rest of the population.  Clinton avoids pretty much all discussion of this topic.<br/><br/>Instead, she spends a good chunk of the book criticizing Bernie Sanders and trying to figure out how she could have acted differently during the campaign in order to more efficiently do away with him. Not once in the book does she consider the possibility that perhaps the reason that Sanders was popular was because the Democratic party (as well as the Republican party) had focused too much of its attention on the 1% (or, more specifically, the 0.0001%) and had left the rest of the population out in the cold.<br/><br/>I'm not saying that I would have expected her to reach that conclusion. But it does not seem to be a question that even entered her mind, from what I can tell from the book.<br/><br/>In general, the impression that I get from this book about Clinton in general - in terms of her political life and her personal life - is that she believes she is right about everything, that she is very very defensive about the idea that she is right about everything, and that she is very slow to change in the face of new information.<br/><br/>Perhaps it is just because I am a lot more focused on diet than most people, but the idea of her eating an egg-white omelet every morning really seemed odd to me. Even the mainstream media seems convinced that egg yolks are not something to be concerned about and very well may be the best part of the egg, at this point.<br/><br/>Later, she says that when reporters get sick, she insists that they drink ginger ale and eat crackers, and sends the State Department doctor to treat them with Cipro and antinausea drugs. All of those are the LAST things that I would use if I got sick, and the idea of Hillary Clinton forcing them on me anyway makes me wonder what other kinds of outmoded, counterproductive things she would have tried to force on the American public had she become President.<br/><br/>Because if there is one thing that I think comes across in this book, it is that she thinks that her own viewpoints are the only legitimate ones. "One time, Liz brought something I hadn't tried before: Flavor Blasted Goldfish," she said. "We passed around the bag and discussed whether it was better than the original. Some of my staff thought yes, which was incorrect."<br/><br/>Of course, that was a joke, but like all good jokes, I think there is a lot of truth in it.<br/><br/>And that, if I were going to answer the question of "What Happened," that would be key to it.<br/><br/>That is, that for the average Joe in the Heartland, Hillary Clinton came across as basically saying, "I know better than you what you need, and I am going to force it upon you whether you like it or not.  And if you don't like it, that is too bad.  Because regardless of what you think of me, you cannot vote for Trump."<br/><br/>And that is just plain not a winning argument. Once you diss people in that way, they would vote for Satan himself rather than you, just because you have pissed them off in so doing.<br/><br/>I do hope that Hillary Clinton finds something constructive to do with the rest of her life, because I think that in the right position, she would have a lot to contribute.<br/><br/>But in terms of being President - I think that it was her hubris as well as her determinedly neoliberal focus that lost the election for her.  And so it is just too bad that she is unwilling to see or incapable of seeing that in the discussion in this book.
 Shares blame for her loss with the Russians and the electoral college. Tearjerker for democrat followers. She can ride into the sunset.
 I only got 28% into the book when I realized that I don't care what happened. It wouldn't of mattered anyway, up the the point I stopped she had provided no insight into the actual operation behind her campaign, conversations or strategies.  The first 28% was basically her talking about how she loved her family and thought the people who worked her campaign were awesome and I didn't see that changing in the latter 72%.  The book was shaping up to be a very superficial look at her campaign with a lot of finger-pointing and gender bias accusations. I was hoping for some real insight because I really did want to know...What Happened?!
 I voted for her. And I can understand that the days after were personally horrific. I certainly would have counseled her to keep a journal and work through the pain.<br/><br/>But I wouldn't have encouraged her to publish it.<br/><br/>A good editor would have gone a long way on this project; either cutting it by 2/3rds of trite, yawn inducing drivel, or by passing on the book altogether.
 great book
 It's an incredible look at how hard a person can work to come up with every reason possible why everyone else is to blame.
 Very non fiction. A slow read but enjoying her journey.
 Try again.<br/>I put a review on this site yesterday. It was a negative review, not nasty, but negative, and I bought the book from Amazon-----it was deleted.<br/><br/>This is a very poorly written book and nothing but a Trump bashing. She lost and needs to come to grips with that. Writing negative books and  Amazon deleting negative reviews is not going to get her elected. The whole concept of democracy is evidently lost on Hillary and Amazon-I ran therefore I should win is not how it works. Simply because her last name is Clinton does not give her the right to be president. A lot of people have lost presidential races, you don't see anyone whining in books about it. In this book she has shown she is not mature enough to be president.
 Except for the long index and acknowledgements, the text of the book is quite insightful.  Clearly her opinion, but that is expected.
 Came as described. And quickly. I am very satisfied with this seller
 Really appreciate the CD and enjoyed hearing it in her own voice. I’ve always admired her and even more so now.
 It's the same tired list of excuses why Hillary lost. Nothing new that we haven't heard from her and her minions before. It's a very fast read, but a waste of money. Cheaper just to Goggle Hillary Clinton's excuses. She blames everyone but herself.
 Good for putting me to sleep at night (or whenever I try to listen to it).  Banal.
 A great read, especially if you are a Hilary fan
 Very honest, strong, and classy!
 Love Hillary
 My mom loved this book said it was great
 Hilary has a great story to tell, but unfortunately she fails to deliver it to the reader, and instead most of the book reads like a political interview- guarded and contrived.  I kept wanting to scream, “let us in to what you were really experiencing.”  Instead I felt lecture and recycled campaign conversations.  I wanted to really like this book and come out of it feeling inspired by a smart woman who was eager to connect with people rather than feeling like she was just another part of the political machine.
 I loved it.
 Awesome
 Loved it! Love Hilary tho....
 This book is just ok.  I am NOT a Hillary lover though I voted for her because the alternative was horrific.  I bought the book hoping it would change my mind about her.  It didn't.  Still a good read if you want to know what she ate on the campaign trail, how she was maligned and mistreated, and why she thinks she lost.
 Gave as Christmas present one year ago
 Amazon deleted my previous review. This book is just HRC blaming everyone in her shortcoming. I also got brain cancer from reading this book.
 This was an amazing accounting of what was taking place behind the scenes and a relationship that has been under such scrutiny and the forgiveness given. As a professional woman in a mans industry, the strength showcases was inspirational.
 I was born and raised in that little county in West Virginia. My grandmother raised me, was the best human alive, and she would have loved Hillary. Keep going madam, keep pushing.
 A well written book to better understand the last elections
 I have had a love/hate relationship with Hillary Clinton for many years. After reading this book, I feel kinship with her. I will enthusiastically take her advice...keep going.
 Full of excuses...  suprised the reader who reads this book is not somehow at fault.
 You were robbed Mrs. President! Can't wait until we get our government and our democracy back as well as our sanity.
 Read
 Love this book
 She admits she makes mistakes. She takes responsibility for her actions. She gives explanations for those who want them. Nevertheless she persisted.
 Liked this book
 She presents a very detailed look at the 2016 election, before, curing and after.
 excellent
 Great product and good delivery. Was as expected. I would recommend this seller.
 please correct previous statement.  Package did arrive in the usual excellent condition but was misplaced by a family member.  It 's recipient is pleased with their gift.
 So good!
 This is an excellent book. Thorough  and engaging with insightful analysis throughout.  Highly recommended reading for everyone living in the US today.
 Fantastic read.  The opening quotes in the chapter alone are as inspiration Al as Hillary's words. Thank you for sharing this time with us Hillary.
 Thanks<br/><br/>I have been trying to contact you but this time it was great.  Why can't I exit without leaving a review.<br/><br/>Thanks
 Nothing to complain about here
 Casual and direct. Very human approach and written for a vast audience
 I loved it
 This book looks deeply into Hilary Clinton and the battles she fought in the process of overwhelmingly winning the popular vote.
 a masterpiece
 Present for other
 I liked best about the book that I got some "inside scoop" on the 2016 election quickly. I am a "Bernie" supporter who voted for Hillary with some, but not a great lot of, enthusiasm. (Indeed, people tended to ask since I was a "Bernie" gal, who was I voting for. I was incredulous and invariably answered "I'm voting for Hillary, same as Bernie ... of course.") But I liked least about the book the fact that it was, in my opinion, written too soon. Thus contradicting what I liked best. Far too much of the book seemed like one big whine from a bruised loser. Certainly I sympathize with Hillary - she was clearly the superior candidate, but she failed in the end - in her own analysis - to understand why a con artist/charlatan who spoke barely above a 5th grade level and often acted like a two-year-old beat her. It wasn't a level playing field and the Clinton Campaign failed to "get" that and adjust accordingly.<br/><br/>A far better analysis, in my opinion, is set forth in Donna Brazile's book "Hacks." Brazile, who served as DNC chief for a relatively short but important time during the campaign, bristles at the outright contempt thrown her way by the Clinton Campaign. If she had been listened to - if her gut-instincts had been given credence - we might have had a better outcome in the tipping point states (Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania - all winnable but lost). I give more credence to Brazile because I saw her insights played out in my own back yard. I live in a "navy blue" area of a reliably blue state - but during the 2016 campaign the Clinton/Kaine yard signs I saw could be counted on ONE hand. Same with bumper stickers. Obama/Biden and Bernie stickers still abound, a year after the election of Trump. Enthusiasm for Hillary - NIL insofar as visibility. On the street, Hillary supporters wrung their hands, wishing election day would come sooner - and what a roller coaster ride. We wanted it over ASAP. One day, driving on I-5, I saw<br/>a Clinton bumper sticker and was so happy I called a friend to report it. Basically, on election night, we good Democrats sat in front of the TV with Nate Silver's snake in our laps and watched it eat itself ... exactly the same as Clinton and Company reportedly did.<br/><br/>Clinton feels Bernie stole her thunder at least to some extent. She is wrong. In fact, Bernie showed her and her campaign what the country wanted: excitement, commitment, enthusiasm. She ignored that and went on to wage a technological-based campaign, long on polling and that sort of thing, "staying on message," always being the smartest person in the room (which I'm not against - I see that tendency in myself too often!), while failing to understand the raw (although awful and hateful) enthusiasm Trump inspired. Terrible election outcome ... not so good book ... although I plowed through it and am glad I did. I suggest reading Brazile's book along with it ... for me, it set the balance back and helped me truly understand "What Happened?"
 perfect
 I could not finish it.  Perhaps after a bit more time has elapsed, I will try again.
 Boring
 I'm going to have to rate this book 1 star every day until Amazon discontinues its deletion of my rating. This book is a deep dive into the mind of a self serving liberal who cannot believe she lost due to her being a terrible person and instead illustrates a fantastical conspiracy full of shadowy Russian agents voodoo and self righteousness.<br/><br/>Obviously a wonderful work of fiction, to market it as fact though is dishonest.
 This is my second attempt to write a 1-star review of this book.  It's clear that Amazon has an agenda when it comes to allowing certain reviews through while prohibiting others.  I find that fascinating.  I'm not some conspiracy crank, just an independent who downloaded the audiobook version of this and listened to about six hours of it before giving up in a combination of boredom and disgust.  The book does not answer the question about What Happened -- or at least, it hasn't so far and shows no signs that it ever will.  It's a sixteen hour audiobook presentation and I'm not willing to give up another ten hours to find out.  What I've learned so far is how Hillary likes her egg whites in the morning (with jalapeños!), why she wears pantsuits (you don't care, trust me) that her bedroom in ONE of her upstate New York mansions is a two-story affair with a vaulted ceiling (could have lived the rest of my life without that little chestnut) and what it was like to raise Chelsea.  What ANY of this has to do with the 2016 election is beyond me.  It's a total distraction and a waste of time.  When she does get around to mentioning specific causes for her loss, she never goes into details and almost dislocates her shoulder patting herself on the back as she compares herself to Trump -- surprise --  always favorably.  At one point she brags about how much diversity she has on her staff.  Like Justin Trudeau said, in 2016, that should not have been anything noteworthy or worth bragging about.  It should just be normal.<br/><br/>I'm not a Democrat or a Republican.  I don't care for the Clintons but I am not some rabid deranged Clinton hater.  I got this book with every intention of keeping an open mind and genuinely curious to get her take on the election.  I did not expect to have to wade through a memoir about her entire life from conception onwards, encompassing her mother's early life, her first years as a lawyer  in Arkansas and so on and so forth ad nauseum.  I didn't invest in this so I could get a memoir.  All I wanted to know was -- from her unique perspective -- what the heck happened??  It's a shame that she's chosen to falsely title her book, because that is not a question that she ever fully answers -- at least, not for the first six hours.  And I have zero patience to keep listening to more boring nonsense just to see if she ever gets to the point.<br/><br/>I eagerly await seeing whether or not Amazon publishes this one.  This time I'll keep a copy and keep reposting it until they decide to play fair.
 Terrible
 I was hoping for a in depth review about the election discussing decisions about allocation of funds and time but this book is more of an overview of the campaign and Hillary Clinton's beliefs about the past and the future.  The book is interesting and informative.  I especially liked that Mrs. Clinton did not point fingers and accepted blame for the loss.
 I bought the book, read the book but was very bored by its repetitive nature. Over and over she states how well prepared she was for the office BUT was defeated by the most unfit of candidates because she was treated unfairly by the media, because she is a woman, treated unfairly by Bernie Sanders .....and it goes on and on. A few times she admits she did make mistakes but those times are far overshadowed by the blame game she plays throughout.  It is sad that she can not recognize that she ultimately is accountable for her own failure, that she ran a terrible campaign, and was a terrible candidate who was defeated by an even worse candidate.<br/>  I am a documented purchaser of the book and did read it.  If Amazon decides to unpost my review this is the last book I buy from Amazon.  I will not support censorship.
 This is one big mopey whine, casting blame for her defeat on everyone except herself.
 An updated version has just been released that includes commentary on life under Trump since the inauguration. I sure hope the Kindle version gets this update!
 HRC was desperate to provide any possible reason to explain her loss, except of course anything that she may have done, completely out of touch with reality.  She will talk about her being a loving wife, sweet old grandmother, times with friends.  She tries to humanize herself to the effect of, "I'm just a ordinary person like you peasants."  In the book she talks about Republican gerrymandering without talking about when the Democrats get caught doing it.  Republican/conservative tribalism without talking about Democrat/liberal tribalism.  Republican/conservatives being in their own information bubble/echo chamber without talking about Democrat/liberal information bubble/echo chamber.  Alleged Republican voter suppression in Wisconsin, without talking about the Democratic governor of Virginia who HRC referred to in this book as a "good friend", signing a executive order allowing 200,000 felons in his narrowly won state to vote.  Their seems to be no thought to even simple follow up questions to her evidence.  Example she claims that 200,000 people were turned away at the polls because of a new voter ID law by the Wisconsin GOP, the only evidence is the drop in voter turnout, it seems to not even crossed her mind that the voter turnout was less because 2/3 of the voters hated both candidates.  I could go on but I think you get the point.  She will talk about trolls, bots, wikileaks, Putin, sexism, but almost not about Benghazi, Bill's infidelities, DNC rigging.  I'm not going to go into detail into Benghazi, Bill's infidelities, DNC rigging you can do that yourself, but if you were hopping for anything of substance from HRC think again, the whole DNC thing was like one paragraph, blah blah I did nothing wrong.  Her defense of her running the campaign and the criticism it received will be refuted in her statements and possibly backed up by a article from Vox, The Slate, The New York Times, Huffington Post.  Unless your on the left you will probably laugh off her attempts to defend herself.  She devotes a whole chapter to "Those Damn Emails", where she endlessly defends herself.  The multiple public statements she made that turned out to be false, fact that she said "I don't remember" 58 times in her FBI interview, aids taking hammers to devices, no comment.  I found only one statement from her that I felt she got right, "The pain and panic that many blue collar whites feel is real.  The old world they talk wistfully about, when men were men and jobs were jobs, really is gone."  Coming from a blue collar white family who's father is the a stone wall Trump supporter, that hit home.  But honestly you can sum up this book in a simple post election interview statement by HRC, "Look I take responsibility for every decision I made, but that's not why I lost."
 This was the biggest Cry show blam game I was expecting a good read seeing I voted Hillary now I have changed my mind after reading a book she read also reading some book in her past I don't think she wrote this or she never wrote the others. I would buy again but wouldn't read it again.
 Whether one voted for Hillary Rodham Clinton or not this book is extremely thought provoking and certainly gave me pause. To love and be kind.
 "What Happened" by Hillary Rodham Clinton is definitely worth a read -- and a listen, in the case of the audio CD recording -- for any political junkie, regardless of  one's own views on Hillary Clinton.  The book's writing flows well and is very accessible, and Hillary does a commendable job as the audiobook narrator, transcending her typical limitations as a public speaker.<br/><br/>Also on the positive side, Secretary Clinton provides interesting insights into the motivations of Donald Trump voters, citing statistics to make a convincing case, in my view, that economic issues were not the primary motivation for most Trump voters.  She stands her ground fairly effectively in a refutation of Joe Biden's claim that her campaign largely ignored the white working class.<br/><br/>On the negative side, Hillary offers few deep or original insights into other matters related to the 2016 campaign cycle, such as Trump's psychology, and a lot of her casting on blame comes off as self-serving.  However, she does embrace a degree of personal responsibility for her loss, which is to her credit.  Her (somewhat oblique) claim that Bernie Sanders kind of stole her ideas -- or simply took her ideas and made them more radical -- strains credulity.<br/><br/>On the whole, this is a slightly better than average political memoir, and definitely worth the price for some additional, but not tremendous, insights into the 2016 presidential election.
 The Russian interference in the 2016 election was nothing short of an act of war. Nobody felt the sting more than Hilary Clinton. Her timeline and analysis of this interference is top notch. The personal stories are heart warming. It's hard to read her analysis of defeat. To be frank if she had a great grasp of exactly how she was defeated she wouldn't have been. That may seem harsh. I like Hilary Clinton she has a huge heart and a top rate analytical mind. She was too idealistic about campaigning. Repeatedly it hurt to read the missing realizations that would have made all the difference. And the ones still not sorted. I look forward to seeing her continued involvement in American and charitable life. I'd simply skip the chapter on why she lost.
 I was swept away by Hillary Clinton's overwhelming dignity and grace, as she unfolds the truths of the largest political theft of any American Presidential election.  She explains the situation so that future generations can easily comprehend that which is beyond comprehension.  I could not put this book down and neither will future historians.  I loved this book. 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
 an amazing work of fiction.
 Better title. The Blame Game.
 I am an avid reader and this has to be the most boring book I have ever read.
 A complete waste of time and money. Usually I read a book straight through but this one was so full of vitriol I could barely read through each chapter.
 Very disjointed, and difficult to read.  Explains nothing, but blames everyone else.
 Bought for some one else as a birthday gift.
 I'm positive my review will be deleted by Amazon, but will keep writing it until it's printed. I bought this book hoping to read what Hillary would actually say about the campaign. Huge disappointment. It was difficult to get thru the book. Hillary tried to convince the readers that she was SO organized from the very beginning &amp; there was no way she could lose. She didn't feel she deserved to lose. She blamed everyone else for her election loss.  The thought that she was disliked by so many people never crossed her mind. To blame James Comey was ridiculous. Everyone who actually followed this campaign  already had their minds made up whom they would vote for. Comey didn't change anyone's minds. Hillary needs to retire and go away. The general public is tired of her and Bill. We want someone young, w/ new ideas. This turned out to be one of the worst books I've ever read. A waste of time and money.
 i started to buy this bookafter seing 5 star, which surprised me<br/>But how can it haVe 5 stars with so many bad reviews?<br/>seriously ?
 Clinton vascillates throughout gook saying on the one hand, "I accept all of the responsibility" and the other half rationalizing the many ways for which it was someone else' fault.  Her chapter on motherhood is, however, very heart warming.
 Too long
 Good book. Wish she would have been our next president, not Trump
 Didn’t tell me what happened. Told me how wonderful she is and why the country and individuals failed her.
 Great insight on what it takes to put ona presidential bid.
 How many different excuses can this woman bring up as reasons for losing?  Lots of revisionist history in this book, combined with "ifs" and "buts".  Almost makes you feel sorry for Hillary Clinton's state of mind.
 Well written and easy to read (though not from an emotional perspective).  Interesting and welcome insight into the woman who should have been president. Book only confirms it.
 Amazon, stop deleting reviews. This is a one star book fir a reason.
 Trash. This will probably be deleted by Amazon.
 Sad and angry
 I considered giving this book a higher rating.  I was fascinated by her take on several points, especially her views on how women are viewed and treated by men in politics (pretty much the same way as women are viewed and treated in many businesses.<br/>It was interesting to get a glimpse of what it is like to campaign (no thank you!)<br/>I felt that the book got a bit self-indulgent in some of the point-by-point objections to things said by Trump or Trump supporters (a bit of he-said she-said, perhaps?)<br/>Overall, I enjoyed the book.  My 22 year-old daughters want to read it and I will encourage them to do so.
 Only a fraction of the book is really inside stuff which is knew.If you read the reviews by the major news papers you basically know whats in the book,One chapter about her make-up and hairstyling ????? At least 50% of the book has nothing to do with the election.I think she would have made an excellent president but does she really need to write books like----is it for money only? I certainly did not learn anything.
 The book is actually fairly entertaining.  I was pleasantly surprised.  And I'm not even a big Hillary (or Trump) fan.  She does blame everyone/everything around her, so although I couldn't give it 5 stars..., I did appreciate her writing style.  She really kept me interested.
 What a sad sad woman.
 I like Hillary Clinton. The book has some excellent stories. But...it's more along the lines of women fighting for power in the government. In almost a full chapter you can see the pain of losing as personal still. I get it. I just wanted the personal emotions not to show through as much.
 This book was written too early. While nearly all of the information that she relates is true and factual, her anger and hatred of the results shine through destroying the credibility of what Mrs. CLinton is trying to say. I think had she waited a year or more and then written the book, it would have been more unbiased and much more easy to read. As it is, you can almost hear her anger on every page.
 This is the first book to explain the entire plot on the cover.
 I am over 300 pages in and this woman is not only a complete liar but She is Stark raving Mad. She accuses Franklin Graham and the NRA as being funded and in cahoots with Valdimer Putin. That is insane. Putin is a big government socialist, Graham and the NRA are small government types. Putin and his big government ideas have a lot more in common with Hillairys philosophy then theirs.
 Great read into Hillary Clinton’s perspectives about the 2016 election. I loved it and her way of writing this book.
 Like everything written by Hillary Clinton so I knew this would be good too.
 She writes as tho' she was sitting with you having a cup of coffee - it is such an easy read. Sometimes, altho' I am a supporter, I found myself rolling my eyes at her views of what happened, but it is a thoughtful, detailed analysis from her perspective of the most significant election in our history.
 I supported Ms. Clinton's run for president. But I just couldn't get interested in this retrospective. Let's move on.
 Very informative
 This book was insightful.  I wondered at first, if I would really wanted to read this book.  I listened to some say, why is she writing a book now?  I then asked myself why not?  I think she needed to speak her truth without interruption from others.  You don’t have to agree, but I got a chance to see things through her eyes.  I also think there are some lessons that were taught from this book.  After reading this book I see her in a different light.  I think she was brave in sharing her experience.  I know it has got be hard to put it all out there.  I still feel encouraged and hopeful for the future.  I am glad I read this book.
 Blamefest, but I do enjoy reliving her defeat.
 This book completely explaines “What Happened”. For anyone wondering how the 2016 election was lost, this is Hillary Clinton’s account. I became depressed reading this book but in the end she gave me hope.
 I gave the book two stars because of the inside information the average person does not hear or know.  Unfortunately other than that I find the book to be very self centered and doesn't seem to accept much responsibility for herself.  I'm glad I got the audio book, or would have never finished it.  It drones on and on, and hard read.
 I've read and heard a lot of criticism about this book on Amazon and elsewhere, and having read the book from cover-to-cover, I can guarantee that most of this is false.  Many of the one-star reviewers were Trumpians with the obligatory hatred for anyone and anything that's anti-Trump, so they were on Amazon one day after it's release to criticize a book they didn't read.  Amazon caught this and when they tried to correct it, the Bezos conspiracy was born.  Anyway, I wanted to read the book to see for myself and here's my review.<br/><br/>Pros:  It's honest (fact-check if you doubt) and thorough.  She anticipated the wave of biased criticisms in the book and addresses them fairly even-handedly.  She presents her case in a thoughtful, smart, and reasonable way.  If you disagree with her, you can at least be assured that her opinions are genuine, her frustrations real.<br/><br/>Cons:  It's long and drags at times. Maybe it's my attention span that's the problem, but you can skip a good 1/3 and read just the meat.  Again, better she gives her full experience and leaves it to the reader to skip.  Again, I read it all but wouldn't necessarily say that everyone need do the same.
 Not perfect but worth the read. A remarkable woman. A bit self glorifying but her exceptionality makes it easily forgivable. Don't expect an easy answer for what happened... You'll have more questions than answers.
 I couldn't even get through this book.  My kindle said I read 28%.  Just poorly written.  The chapters I did read would start out with Hillary stating she is at fault, then instantly go into how everyone else was at fault.  I saw a pattern each time I started a new chapter and finally said enough.  I couldn't stomach anymore.  I wished she had been honest.
 It was good to hear Secretary Clinton's side and  what some of her detailed plans for the country would have been.
 What an autohagiography, mundane, banal: "I have a beautiful house and a lot of friends".<br/>That's great, but what does it have in common with what happened...<br/>I thought it would be an honest recapitulation of her campaign, I am very disappointed.
 Not enough of the nuts and bolts of the actual political campaign. Very personal revelations and perhaps if this had been shown more during the campaign more voters would have seen another side of Hillary. I'm always amazed how her close friends talk about her wonderful sense of humor but the "guarded" personality is shown to the voters. I always read the candidates platform so I base my vote on that but most voters look at the TV image to decide their vote.
 great reading and very insightful
 Worst book I've ever read.
 Just like hillary I found this book to be a complete joke &amp; fraud.... Sorry I wasted my money.
 Great book! It’s very informative and revealing!
 Did not finish.<br/><br/>I bought Hillary's book after reading excerpts wherein she addressed substantive things that happened during the campaign, and described her reaction to the bewildering election of the losing candidate. Several chapters in, what I was reading instead were thanks to senior staff and campaign workers who struggled alongside her, individually singled out by name and fondly recalled, like some ultra-long version of an Oscars speech.<br/><br/>I began to flip ahead, looking for the chapter where she finally began to discuss "what happened," eventually realizing flipping ahead was a sure signal it was time to move this book to my "reading episodically" stack and re-open another from the same pile, David Foster Wallace's "Infinite Jest."<br/><br/>Now I have put "What Happened" in my "did not finish" pile. A recent New Yorker contained a comprehensive review of Hillary's book. After reading that and other reviews, I decided to abandon ship. The New Yorker confirmed my own observation about the Oscar speech start, alerting potential readers (as I am doing here) that HRC's discussion of the campaign (the presidential campaign and the media/FBI campaign against her) does not start until halfway in. Even though I had started flipping ahead, I was nowhere close to the topics I was interested in.
 If you need a bunch of lousy excuses, this is the manual for that!!  She blamed everything and everyone and I guess she is unable to be truthful.  I no longer have the book, it "accidently" fell into a fire pit, wink wink!!  By the way, this was supposed to be a fiction book, right?
 I thought the book was very good! I am a supporter of the Clintons and always interested in what they have to say!!!
 The best parts of the book is when she gets personal, talking about herself, her life, etc. Most of the newsworthy stuff you will have already read in the newspapers or online. That said, I got halfway through and put it down. Maybe I'll pick it up again some day.
 enjoyable reading
 Hillary really missed the boat!  I don't think she ever be able to communicate.
 Interesting perspective of the 2016 campaign.
 Wanted to learn about her thinking and experience still dislike her
 I am happy to read anything Hillary writes.  She would have been a great president.  This is her belief of the events leading up to her election loss in 2016.  Much is common knowledge but some is analysis of events that I was not aware of.  It's probably not my favorite book because I already knew the sad outcome.
 Too long and kinda boring
 Pssst....Hey Hillary. You lost because you are a career politician.. and we, the lowly taxpayers ( remember us? ) did not vote for you. Especially us Women!!! You let us down. you and Bill both.
 HRC missed and opportunity to write an intellectually honest account of what happened in the 2016 campaign. She spent too much time discussing irrelevant stuff (for the subject of the book) like her background as First Lady and senator and too little taking an honest look at what went wrong with her campaign. She could have included more insight into the debates, the overall campaign strategy, how she planned to counter trump etc.
 Book in good conditions
 Perhaps she wrote this too soon, as we now now the reality of how the election was infiltrated and Russian bots were used on FB and twitter. She would have won had Russia not been involved.
 I gave up reading after less than a hundred pages. I do feel Hilary was victimized by the opposition noise machine over a period of two or three decades.But she was running as an experienced politician and was unable to control her party or her campaign, and that undercut her primary claim to competence in the oval office.
 I made it through about 1 chapter.
 Great insight into the campaign-both good and bad. The conversational tone is perfect for the subject matter.
 The personal feelings Hilary reveals: her love of children, her friends, and her relationship with Bill are movingly revealed and make her very likeable. Also her revealing account of her educational and political background was impressive and filled in gabs in my knowledge.  However the purely political discussion was too lengthy, a little whiney, and far to repetitive.
 Great
 If she had been anywhere near this honest while she was campaigning -- (vocally, with words, with accusations, with honest rhetoric, not holding back, not kowtowing, not worrying about focus groups) -- I would have voted for her, as I voted for her husband twice, and Obama twice.  She is obviously brilliant, but she is terrified of making a false step.  Leaders are not terrified, they are not worried about what others think, and they do what they want to do (with some consideration, yes, but not making decisions based on the lowest common denominator).  FREE YOURSELF, and I will be there with you.  But not before.
 A bit of a slog at times, but thorough and inspiring. Just made me admire Hillary all the more.
 Listening to this in the car on my commute.  It's good to hear from her.  I think most of her assesments are correct, although the loss is still so raw just over a year ago, it's hard to hear.
 Getting tired of this story.  Ho hum
 Excellent
 Hilliary Clinton tries to explain why she lost without looking at the fact she was the main reason she lost.  She blames everybody and never considers her own failures and mistakes. She does realize she makes an excellent argument against "identity politics."  Everyone should read this book and realize American dodged a bullet.
 HRC attacks everyone, but rarely questions her role in losing in this book.  It has the prevailing theme of women's entitlement and how dare america not elect a woman OR even understand that it is a woman's time to be president.  While it did have some good insight into her campaign... it came off very shallow and keeps you guessing for the real details.  It is as if she went on a facebook rant the day after losing and then put it into book form.
 Hillary's candor.....facts I didn't know...
 Smith, Stevens, Woods, Dougherty<br/><br/>1) It was MY turn<br/>2) The campaign was absolutely impeccable..without any flaws whatsoever<br/>3) It was everyone else's fault
 Subpar book that basically was more of the same w Hillay’s Excuses
 I really enjoyed reading this book.  I would definitely recommend it.
 Didn't admit mistake of leaving Bernie off the ticket.
 Really hard to make it through this recounting of the 2016 election.  Although well-written, insightful and revealing, it was painful to re-live.
 I am a long-time Hillary supporter. But this book (audiobook technically) is much too long. I think she would have done well to have someone else write this book and or have someone help her scale it back.<br/><br/>I only made it to Ch. 58 out of 97 chapters. Is there an abridged version? I couldn't find it.
 I’m sorry- I just couldn’t get through it. Hillary takes such pains to be diplomatic, and is so wonkish, the book is considerably longer than it needs to be and burdensome to read. Don’t get me wrong. I supported her and I still do. Just couldn’t do the book.
 There is very little reality in this book.
 Hillary, please stop deleting my truthful review. I wasted 14 bucks, and I didn't like your book. K, thanks.
 Complete garbage! Please save your money. All she does is wine and complain as she blames and disparages everybody else around her. Enough said.
 Well written and insightful. Clinton excepts responsibility for many of her faults and illuminates the reader about her struggles with sexism in politics.
 This book wanders, it is very much a stream of consciousness.  As she thinks of a topic, she discusses it.  The book begins with a lengthy list of names and job descrip0tions of the initial people she hired - speechwrtiers, pollsters, etc.  Thus even when you finally get to election day (60% through), she digresses for pages about Chelsea, her life after the election, etc.  The book is wordy and detailed.
 The second half of the book, in which she went into detail about the politics of the campaign and explained the reasons she believes she lost was of more interest to me than the first half, in which she gives us the details of her personal life and how she dealt emotionally with the devastating loss. But maybe that's because I'm a guy and women would have more empathy and interest. I must admit, I couldn't help but constantly imagine a "hater" reading it and making fun of her. It just goes to show how we have been poisoned by the political discourse in this country.
 Good read.  It has a lot of philosophical ideals that is classic HRC.  Having followed her campaign closely, the book is predictable.  Sometimes one can't help but to feel empathetic with the emotional ups and downs.  Reflection is interesting.
 For my brother-in-law who is deeply interested in politics and tries to understand the complexity of it all.
 One excuse after another. She (Hillary) laughably blames her loss on everyone except her own poor choices in her campaign -as well as the poor choices she made in life in general.<br/>I kept notes on how many times she blamed other people until I just had to stop. She refuses to take responsibility for stealing the nomination from Bernie Sanders, lies about practically everything and plays the victim far too much.<br/>This book really should be in the science fiction category.
 Struggled to get through this book.  Hillary goes on and on about all the great stuff she did, but what I really wanted to know was the nuts and bolts of the election, where she won/lost, there was very little of that.  I wish she had won.
 The book is worth reading and you can breeze right through it. It covered all the main points that I might have wished to have clarified and I found it thorough, informal, and thoughtful.<br/><br/>Clinton reveals her intellect, her sincerity, her commitment to several lifelong causes. She would have been an effective President and well liked throughout the rest of the world. I think she gets very biased treatment domestically and that contributed its role to her loss of a handful of votes that made the difference in the electoral college.<br/><br/>One thing is clear, whatever her personal shortcomings and those of her campaign, the media played a significant part in her defeat by belaboring tangential issues at the expense of important ones that matter to the wellbeing of the average American.<br/><br/>I think this book was largely a response on her part to the frustration she must have felt by being routinely mischaracterized.<br/><br/>If one reads it with an open mind, one sees Secretary Clinton as what she is: a solid, no-nonsense, hard-working and well educated, well-prepared, well-meaning professional. Anything else about her, including her appearance, her age, her gender, her husband and his flaws and assets, are irrelevant and should not have played a role in the outcome of the election.<br/><br/>Objective, analytical, investigative minds will approach this book methodically and come away with more information. Anyone who goes into it with prejudice one way or the other, is not going to see what is written in this book. I would suggest you don't bother.
 No real honesty by HRC. Stopped reading about half way through. A total waste of my money.
 A book of poor excuses
 Well read by the author. Good story about the election. I've always been an HRC fan.
 While a decent read the book was disappointing on a couple levels. I dislike how Mrs. Clinton didn't fully address how much the lack of a real DNC Primary contender hurt her. It's almost as if she willfully ignored the fact that in the Democratic Primary there were only two Democrats and her main rival was actually an Independent running as a Democrat. Pretty much no mention of that which for me at least was a huge issue. It's also a difficult read if you don't like the current administration because while you may not be a huge Clinton fan the book shows you the type of person we could have in the White House today, a person who can write a thoughtful several hundred page introspection, as opposed to a President who has trouble composing 140 character Tweets. It was fine.
 It's not a piece of literature, it is however honest forthright accounting of the events. I can't say I loved it due to the circumstances but it is required reading. Certainly worth your time.
 I appreciated her opinion &amp; emotional insight on things, but I do wish it had more...I guess that's why I read "Shattered" right after. Both are great for comparison's sake.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book, it was well written and spelt out the real story. I wouldn’t hesitate to recommend this book to anyone who wants to know what really happened.
 I feel like this whole book was a condensed version of blaming everyone else.
 “My mistakes burn me up inside. But as one of my favorite poets, Mary Oliver, says, while our mistakes make us want to cry, the world doesn’t need more of that.” <br/><br/>What Happened is an honest, straightforward, passionate retelling of Hillary Rodham Clinton's experiences leading up to the 2016 election. She tells us why she always loved working in public service, how and why she decided to run for President, the way it felt to have Donald Trump "loom" over her onstage, and her frustration when the media focused on one thing—emails—rather than any of the policy-related things she said or believed. I am glad that I listened to the audiobook version, as she read it herself.<br/><br/>The book obviously leans to the Left, which makes sense, as I wouldn't expect her to abandon her stances just because the election is over. But I was glad that she didn't attack anyone, and she didn't point fingers without at least one thumb pointing back at herself—a lot of data to back up her claims.<br/><br/>Most importantly, she offers her perspective on the way forward. She is honest about how her despair and her hope have battled lately, but she has constructive and concrete recommendations for anyone who feels the same.<br/><br/>I walked away from this book with a lot more admiration for her as a person, and I'm very glad I read this book.
 Kind of drags as she goes on and on and....well, you get what I mean.
 I had the feeling Hillary was writing from her heart and needed to do this to allow people in to her own life.  She is no different than the rest of us except she happened to marry a man who became a governor and president.  This woman loves this country and will do anything to make it better.  She has had a lot of pain in her life and seemed to question herself when she was younger but she is a strong woman and I find her to be very truthful.  She is a smart woman who probably intimidates people, especially men.  She loves her family and God above everything else.  I found the book to be very insightful!
 It is a very personal account of what happened in Hillary's  opinion. It  is well documented and researched  and very convincing. The obstacles she had to overcome were many, and most of them she knew well existed and she shows convincingly that during her very well planned and executed, intense campaign she had overcome those in a way that made her victory look very probable (although never  guaranteed - and with a small difference, never a landslide) up to practically days before the election date. There was mainly one unforeseen issue that took her (and most everybody, including Trump and the Republican Party!) by surprise, in the way it was blown up and completely out of proportion by the Republicans (logically) but also by the media and sadly even  by supposedly  very serious newspapers like The New York Times. It is the "issue of her emails" and the related really strange,unpredictiable and clearly biased behaviour of the FBI boss. This issue resulted as really a quite inconsecuential  matter which she recognized openly as an error and no damage came out of it. Anyway she was crucified. for it.
 Very good book with excellent, detailed references. Like any non-fiction book, it is not an easy read but it did answer many questions.
 Very candid, not self boasting, just talked about how her life evolved to where she is now. I would have been very happy if she had become president, as a woman and someone who cares about others.
 Very fascinating look at what goes on inside the head of one of the most accomplished politicians in the 21st century. Hillary was on everybody’s list to be the first female president of the United States. Then arose Barack Obama, who eclipsed her in the primaries but gave her new life by appointing her Secretary of State. Hillary Clinton was a shoe-in for the presidency in 2016 especially after Donald Trump became the Republican nominee. Trump dominated the news with his outrageous shenanigans. But, he excited the angry working-class, while Hillary, a true policy wonk can bore a crowd to death by discussing the nuances and details of any policy that might be on the table.<br/><br/>Of course, the book is self-serving like all other books written to describe the author’s political experienc However, the publicity prior to the actual publication of the book was grossly inaccurate. In numerous places, she takes responsibility for various errors she made in the political campaign. She is quite adamant that the October surprise when Comey hinted that there was more email scandals to come was the most serious cause of her defeat. In that I think she is correct. While her political career is obviously over especially because of her age she has insisted she is going to be a voice in support of her favorite causes.<br/><br/>The book is an easy read and some parts are very interesting while others seem repetitious. For anyone who wants to know what goes on in the mind of a politician who has been rejected by the voters, this is an instructive book and worth the time it takes to read.
 Hillary Clinton's  strong defense of her handling of her emails and the unfairness of a stolen election are undermined by the bitter tone of the book. She is not the first presidential candidate to get even. The second President Bush was the first, but this tone is off putting. The book's writing points out Clinton's main problem in her relatively brief political career, she is her worst defender.<br/><br/>Yet the frustration she felt trying to put forward a serious platform to lead this country only to have it ignored by a press unable to resist the outrageous Trump is moving and informative. The bookdeals in detail with the email scandal, something impossible to explain in a political campaign, and the main point is that the emails subsequently declared classified by the NSA later, were not classified by the State Department when she read them. Ironically, her home server in suburban Westchester, New York, turned out to be more secure than those at the State Department in Washington.
 She lost....
 Interesting insight.  Worth reading ...
 An interesting read to be sure but seemed like she was still campaigning in the book, would have liked it to have a more personal real tone but overall was still a very well written and insightful book.
 Parts of the book about her personal story growing up, in college and at Yale, her early career, early years of being married to Bill in Arkansas were interesting. But her interpretation of why she lost were self serving (blaming her loss on Comey, the media, etc.) and showed why she didn't get the shift in the mood of the country. Maybe she wrote this book too soon?
 It was okay.  Way too long though.
 It was an interesting book.
 Just okay.  Thought I was going to learn more than I did.
 Despite an avalanche of negative and pessimistic attacks, attitudes, and slanderous portrayals of her character, Hillary Clinton remains the eternal optimist in this recounting of her 2016 presidential election loss.  Granted, there are some singers at Trump’s expense, and a couple of chapters with a victim overtone... but who can blame her?<br/><br/>I found What Happened a mending salve to the vitriol stirred up by the discontent and rancor of the 2016 election. In the end, transcending and moving forward are the best, most optimistic answers to prejudice and hateful governance.<br/><br/>The Glass Ceiling will be broken... hopefully sooner than later!
 A little wordy and thought there were a lot of excuses but not a lot of acceptance of blame<br/>Very interesting though and will read once more
 Glad to have this book and to know what really happened.  Put on our new book shelf.  Looks like it's being read and read.
 So so sorry she’s not our president, but couldn’t make it through the boring book.
 I’ve really enjoyed Hillary Rodham Clinton’s What Happened. Her feminist take, explaining the chauvinism in society, her eye on issues in America, her postmortem of what happened, her resolve to keep going. This is a must read for young women in particular.
 I don't often read autobiographical books, but after the storm and fury of the 2016 election, I knew I had to read this. In this book, Hillary examines everything from red state voters to Russian fake news, and how the election moved from standard to insane. She also talks about her life, what she's been doing since November 2016, and what she's moving toward in the future. And yes, she talks about the e-mails.<br/><br/>Highly recommended.
 Poorly written book where Hilary doesn't take any real responsibility for her loss in the 2016 election. I was a big Hilary fan but after reading this book would never vote for her again.
 A relatively frank tale of the presidential campaign of ms. Clinton. What is missing is what really happened, but as the author herself has not realized that yet, this is not really the fault of the book. Very interesting, one the the best books written about this campaign,
 A disjointed read.
 Interesting 'behind the scenes' read from the candidate herself. Some of this was hard to read as the world has moved on so much in the meantime and she has not. Also, if she had shown this more feisty and relatable side of herself during the campaign, things may have ended differently. A quick and easy read.
 It was a hard read at times but enjoyable and informative.
 This is poorly written with wild shifts in tone. One page is policy data and analysis, the next is all about cooing over babies. Clearly there is an attempt to make Hillary a sympathetic character but it just doesn’t work. There are some inaccuracies. There is a lot of sniping at Trump and his current presidency which are all beside the point. There is a lot of defense and not much admission of failure. This could have been an important book, but it isn’t.
 This book touches on every topic she wants the last word on, but never really touches on her feelings. She blames being a woman at every turn and complains that she doesn't understand why people say she's not real.  It's clear that her true passion was to become the first woman president, not her vision for a better America.
 This book gets extremely misleading coverage. The book is not at all what the media makes it out to be, I almost didn't read it because of the articles etc. But, the fact is, this book is loaded with data, and inner workings of campaigns: what kind of positions are hired within, what data is used and how, what policies are developed and when, and how. It is obviously information anchored around HRCs campaign experiences, and adds a lot of emotional perspective because of her unique positions in same. But all in all, this book is a must read, and I can see it being used, and possibly even have been written to be used, as a text book. I really learned a lot. Not only about her as a person and candidate, but campaigns and politics in general. And I should add, I find it absurd that for a person who has been in the public eye for the length of time that she has been, that I should only now be learning about so much of her work history. A shame, and an indicator of where we are in the respect level of women in politics.
 Like everyone else who wrote a real review, before deleted, this book sucks. It really sucks. It really really sucks.
 Timely, well written, somewhat numerous. And most importantly, eye-opening.
 With four thousand reviews currently posted on Amazon, mine is clearly an unnecessary addition. I'm indeed glad to see that over 70% of those reviewers agree with my strongly positive assessment. However, to add my own personal perspective, I'll share a few reflections.<br/><br/>First, it will be noticed that I waited until the "second edition" of this book was advertised via interviews of Secretary Clinton on MSNBC, my favorite cable news channel. This also means I waited until after I'd read (AND reviewed on Amazon) memoirs by James Comey, John McCain, Michael McFaul, James Clapper and several other prominent individuals whose writings have recently been published.  It is from the perspective provided by this reading that I view Clinton's work.<br/><br/>Obviously (if you've read any of my other reviews), you'll know I voted for Hillary, and I make no bones about my opinion that our current president is an illegitimate and inept occupant of the office. When Clinton lost the election, however, I did not join the popular stampede to vilify Comey or blame Putin. My own belief is firm that the seeds of that loss were clearly sown in 2010 with the Tea Party backlash against President Obama, and the subsequent election of ultra-conservative Republicans not only to the US Congress but also to the legislatures and state houses all across the country. This - and the Supreme Court decisions knocking down Voting Rights and upholding unlimited corporate campaign donations - made it almost impossible for a Democratic candidate to win the necessary electoral delegates despite the massive popular vote margin Clinton obviously had.<br/><br/>Fortunately, "What Happened" DOES recognize and discuss these issues in depth as well as all the others. It also provides extremely meaningful insight into the author's own character and philosophy. I am glad it has received the very excellent positive response evidenced by the preponderance of five-star reviews, and I found it an extremely enlightening and rewarding study of exactly what the title suggests.
 This was a slow read. I️ have varied criticisms of different chapters and my interest came and went, but the book ended very strongly. I️ am still with her.
 The first half is incredibly boring. Eventually she talks about emails and Russia
 This is a brave attempt to explain how the American presidential selection method went off the rails and who, on both sides, was to blame. woe betide the political processes if this is the new environment.
 Too much of the same thing over and over.  Boring
 When I started reading this book, I do have some sympathy for Hillary. However,when the reading reaches the chapter about the Russians interference on the election I find that she is a bit naive. She had more or less over rated her opponents and then she pushed all the blames for her defeat to them for playing a dirty.
 I voted for Hillary Clinton twice and I was excited to finally learn What Happened.  The 2016 election is a bizarre mystery to me.  I've read several books about it and the unifying theory behind all of them is that apparently no one knows What Happened.  I was sure that the one person that would know was Hillary.  But this book does not answer that question.  In fact, it does not even discuss it.  The book is filled with touching stories and folksy anecdotes intended to make the reader like Hillary.  But it does not explain What Happened.  On that measure it is pandering and uninformative.  Don't get me wrong, it's a good book if you just want to know why you are supposed to like Hillary. But if you want to know What Happened, you will need to look elsewhere.  Particularly if you want to know What Happened so it doesn't happen again.
 I enjoyed reading this book.<br/>In my humble opinion, all Americans need to read perspectives from all other Americans - it adds to our overall fabric in a way that keeps us NON ALT on either side as well helps keep us more responsible and accountable and better balanced when listening  to others point of view...especially to this historic election.<br/>My favorite part - almost spoiler alert - the end of the last chapter.  Hint?  HOPE for a better and hopeful next generation.
 An interesting insight into the democrats campagne from their perspective
 More candid than I expected and also more therapeutic.
 ... and if I were in her shoes, I would too. How the hell can you lose to a person like Donald Trump. I think people for generations to come will want to look back at this time in our history and try get a sense of the social context within which this race took place. So to that end, I think the timing is right. I also thought she did a fair job of explaining the race in great detail and what she believed are the reason she lost, (in a word - Comey). I have to admit that I did skip a pretty good chunk of the book when she diverted in stories about her Mom, Chelsea and Bill. Those aspects of her life don't really interest me. In the end, I believe she got it right, or at least her analysis seemed accurate. Her loss was a combination of "Clinton fatigue", Comey's untimely re-opening of the email investigation just days before the election, and a sense that democratic voters just didn't turn out to vote, thinking perhaps, that she had it in the bag.<br/><br/>One thing that I'm glad she addresses in the book is her keeping her aid (Weiner's wife - can't remember her name) on board even after they found her emails on his laptop. That in my mind was a lapse in judgement but heck, once those emails were revealed the damage was done.
 Great read, but I still really want to know what happened.  I feel this book only speaks to the tip of the iceberg.
 Very informative regarding the campaign on what went wrong and what went right.  The number of  inappropriate influences on the election was astonishing. What took away from this very good book was the need to mention every name of campaign contributors or individuals involved. I realize this was based on the need to give credit to those that did so much but it took away from key points that could of been expanded on.
 Wonderful biography of Hillary Clinton however not as much information regarding the actual election as I had hoped.  Juicy bits and pieces scattered throughout the book, just enough to keep you engaged.
 Hillary did a superb job of delving into the post mortem with solid details and numbers. Provides some reason and sanity to an otherwise inexplicable thing that should have never happened. It was very interesting. Loved that she ended on a note of hope and healing.<br/><br/>Don't think Hillary needed to try so hard to explain her human side, it was always evident😊
 Well worth purchasing and reading.
 a somewhat tiresome in places panorama of a poor election for both parties. unfortunately, playing to the disadvantaged on trump the vote, rather than than the eghead approach Hillary used. i would lo to hve bough t a 'trump the bitch' t shirt to trump rallies but inserted a large and bold comma between trump and 'the.' but would not want to have gotten trampled!  i hope we see more of our Hillary.
 The 2016 presidential election would be the eighth that I would participate in. A registered independent, in five of the previous seven, I'd voted Democrat. In other words, if the Dems give me a halfway decent reason, I'll vote for them. In the end, unable to vote for HRC or DJT, I ended up voting third party. While not surprised by the result, I was fascinated by it. It's truly a "Dewey Defeats Truman" moment for our time. How could this have happened?<br/><br/>With great interest I devoured "Shattered", a comprehensive chronicle of HRC's campaign. But it had very little of what HRC herself thought about all this.<br/><br/>Going into 2016, I couldn't help but think that HRC felt that, even though it was "her turn" in 2008,<br/>she graciously stepped aside for Barack Obama for the good of the country. Eight years later, she'd finally collect that debt. Even her slogan, "I'm With Her", came off as totally self serving. This book does absolutely nothing to dispel that notion.<br/><br/>Early in the book, she states that she can't bring herself to grant absolution to women who didn't vote for her. In other words, THEY led HER down, not the other way around.<br/><br/>Cutting to the chase, her thoughts on "what happened" are, in no particular order: misogyny, bigotry, ignorance, Comey, Russia, and the media. Some of her points may have validity, but she's clearly delusional. While DJT is truly in a league of his own in ego, narcissism, and a complete lack of self awareness, HRC is a piece of work. The lack of self awareness displayed here is nothing short of breathtaking. She goes back and forth between being a strong, brave, independent woman and a poor, helpless, put upon victim whenever it suits her.<br/><br/>Her complaints that the media were out to get her are laughable. They couldn't have been more in her corner. I guess the fact that they actually reported on her email scandal is proof of a conspiracy. At one point, she complains that the media coverage of the DJT "Access Hollywood"  tapes drowned out her economic message, with no mention that said coverage was nearly unanimously negative for DJT.<br/><br/>She honestly believes that anyone who didn't vote for her was either a misogynist, a bigot, or a gullible simpleton who's been manipulated by Fox News or Vladimir Putin, or both.<br/><br/>The audiobook version is difficult to get through. Her robotic delivery has to be heard to be believed. It would sound more natural read by HAL 9000 or Google Translate.<br/><br/>There's a rumor floating around that Bill Clinton urged HRC not to publish this book, and was furious when she did. If that's true, I understand why. She doesn't come across well, in my opinion.<br/><br/>Did I "like" this book? I don't know. It certainly provides insight into her thought process. But in the end, it won't change any minds. If you love her or hate her, you will still feel the same way after reading this book. She rubbed me the wrong way 25 years ago, and she still does today.<br/><br/>I'm no fan of DJT. I've been bashing him for 30 years, and I don't see myself ever voting for him. But I understand why people would. The fact that Hillary can't is the reason she lost. That's What Happened.
 Although I didn’t think it was a particularly fast read, I enjoyed the book.  It left me feeling inspired and hopeful.  I enjoyed learning more about Hillary’s life and experience as well as the impact that elements of the election had on her.  I would recommend this book.
 I would've given this one star but didn't want my review deleted.
 This book was sold as HRC's explanation of why the 2016 election unfolded in the way it did. It was to be the candidate's perspective on what challenges she faced as a candidate. As a result,  I was hoping to find some revelations about poor strategic decisions or recognition of a misstep. However, most of what I read was why she ran, what she believed, and her values. These are not why the campaign proceeded as it did. It is a poor rehash of HRC as a candidate.  Also missing is a degree of self-awareness. For example, she criticizes Republican voters for being supportive of big government when it benefits them. Underlying her critique is an acknowledgement of the recognition that she had nothing to offer these people because they otherwise would have voted for her. All in all, she misses many opportunities to reflect on how she would have made other choices. What you are left with is attributions for her defeat falling on other people, social factors, and events beyond her control. Still, it did make her more sympathetic as an individual.
 I was moved and I could feel the passion that she sent in this book even as a 16 years old foreign student in China.By reading it,I learned about what is going on during the election,what she wanted to do for this country .And above all,what is the very special thing that the great nation has been showing to the world from the moment  that she was born and what she gonna do to continue  writing the new page in the human history.
 Interesting book that sheds light on the recent election
 Well written but was hoping for a historical account, felt like this was more written for her fans.  Still a good read.
 Absolute garbage.<br/>Blames everyone but herself.
 still need to finish this  :)
 aA little slow and expected more in depth information regarding her opponent.
 This is probably one of the more depressing pieces I've ever written. I don't typically care for autobiographies. Reading it sheds insight into what happened from Hillary's perspective. She's simply out of touch with, quite frankly, everyone and what we need. I don't have anything against her, it just feels like she wasn't hearing the people. I'd recommend this to anyone looking for a little more insight into a political mind.
 I did not get it for me.  Everyone knows what happened.  It makes an interesting reading so I was told.
 Somewhat repetitive  This book didn’t have the excitement for me that “Hard Choices” recounted
 Interesting read to hear her perspective on what went wrong and why. It teaches us to not give up, even when you get hit hard. We must keep fighting for what we believe in.
 It seemed like a bunch of someone else did it excuses. I voted for her and was very disappointed in her not taking any blame. A waste of money.
 HRC was the better of two bad candidates.  Turnout is the best guarantee that we won't get a Trump-type leader.  The ONLY way we can keep democracy thriving is if we ALL vote.  Sadly, Larry Sabato, et al, didn't stress that - so we ended up with Trump.<br/><br/>Sinclair Lewis wrote <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/It-Can-t-Happen-Here-Signet-Classics/dp/0451465644/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">It Can't Happen Here (Signet Classics)</a> back in 1936, before Hitler and Mussolini.  Everybody should read that for a refresher.<br/><br/>"Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it." - George Santayana
 It was impressive to have HIllary narrate the book herself. Must have taken endless time. Her voices sounds monotonic and tired at times.<br/><br/>The book itself gives an important window into the Clinton campaign but . . . it is too long, too much detail, too much listing every name of everyone in campaign, too much praise for everyone except Trump and Comey.
 Nothing surprising or particularly revealing.  It was worth reading but I was hoping for much more especially after being so invested in the campaign.
 Rather boring.
 Interesting
 It was supposed to be an audiobook. And it was supposed to be a gift, Too late. My wife is reading it now.
 Oly about 205 thru it, but it's good so far.
 Very well written and good layout
 This is just a book filled with "I did it wrong, but not really. I did everything right. Bill is a lovely husband. It's the Russians. I lost because I'm female." I honestly expected some actual responsibility taking, I don't know why. Disappointing read to say the least. The popular vote win was brought up 10 times - when the choice was between her and Trump, not something to be too proud of.<br/><br/>But this book is also hilarious in terms of HRC saying how much she is a "candidate for the people", average working Americans, and then she mentions how she and Bill spent a wonderful weekend on Oscar de la Renta's villa, or how Paul McCartny sand in their backyard, etc... Is she really surprised that nobody sees her as a candidate for average Americans?
 At first, I feared that the whole book might be a sad exercise in reliving the 2016 presidential election.  Fortunately, as I continued to read, I discovered much more about Hillary Rodham Clinton the person, including the process that has led her to a place where she is continuing to work for and is hopeful about the future.
 So much excuses. She wrote "what Russians did" making Trump the bad guy... didn't mention anything about herself weaponizing RUSSIA WITH URANIUM! book is boring and not legitimate.
 Self serving and overall really not very perceptive of what went on throughout her campaign.  I was disappointed.  Sad but nonetheless disappointed
 I appreciate the straightforward way Secretary Clinton writes. I wanted to know how in the world she was dealing with the insanity of losing to Trump. The book answered that question, as well as providing a detailed analysis of how close the election was and what happened. I am inspired by her brave spirit and willingness to persevere in spite of it all.
 Good
 "What Happened" is indeed a thoughtful reflection on the 2016 election (defiant at times, and rightfully so), but is also far more than that. Readers get a look into Hillary Rodham Clinton the person - not just the public figure, the politician, or the candidate. From the impact of her mother's life to her time as a student leader to the reliance on her faith, we see what makes her Hillary. She has a dry sense of humor, and is so clearly knowledgeable. This book will inspire any progressive, particularly HRC fans, to keep going and to keep fighting.
 Voted best comedy!!!
 Enjoyed reading this book.  Interesting to get an inside view of campaign life.
 Interesting read, I am sure she has more to say about the election but this book provides her initial insight into what happened. I found it repetitive at times and unnecessary detail taking from the facts about what went on but nonetheless worth a read,
 Slow and boring read - gave it to my mom to read so maybe she will like it.
 This was a difficult book to get through. A lot of "I's" and "Me's". However, she was generous to her staff, anf her family. The guilt trips she wrote about directed at women who did not vote for her sounded like sour grapes. But, when you lose an election to Donald Trump, the humiliation and bewilderment must be unbearable. I will be frank I did not vote for either candidate. I will say, Madame Clinton is a very intelligent and strong woman who has climbed to the heights she has on will power and political savvy. I am not, or ever have been a "fan" of Hillary Clinton, but this book opened up a world for me concerning her that I was not aware of. And maybe that was the 2016 issue, we see the "public" Clinton of the press, but not the mother, grandparent, and historically loving wife of a man who has drug her through a lot of public drama. Many of us may not like HRC, but for what she has achieved, and the battles she has been through, both at the political and family levels, you do have to respect her for her umpf.
 It's ok.
 It was good to get Hillary's side of the story. Good detail and stories on this bizarre election.
 A good read and a good perspective
 Interesting well written.
 I bought it only to have because no one is going to believe, in the future, that she was so crooked.
 Amazon Deleted my review here it is:<br/><br/>I bought this with one of my 6 audible credits so I could write a review on it. Lol there are three legitimate reasons to buy this book:<br/><br/>1. Your trying to date a hot liberal.<br/>2. You need something to keep you warm AKA kindling.<br/>3. You need a doorstop.
 Bleh.
 Complicated detailed book on the election process.  Very good.!
 Interesting insight into why she believes she lost. She points out many things that I missed about her campaign and corrects the timeline of events in a way that provides a little more clarity (at least for me). Hindsight is mostly 20/20 and if she could go back she would probably win with just a few corrections. Still I think her view of why she lost brushes over or dismisses key points and paints a picture of an America that just doesn't exist. Perhaps its me that doesn't understand but I think her losing was a lot less complicated. The book itself was a bit of a difficult read for me because it was out of my wheelhouse. I found myself chasing down her quotes because I couldn't understand how they were supporting the point she was making. The few times that I felt she was talking directly to me in the book she seemed to be saying "It was both of our faults, but mostly yours". I'll definitely read it again down the line and its sparked a desire for me to read more political books other than my usual stuff (presidential memoirs).
 I gave this book 3 stars out of five, meaning that it should have contained 3 pages out every 5. Pros: She does make a good analysis of why she lost, including her own personality flaws, Russian intervention, Comey, and yes, she dares to actually mention (correctly, at least in my opinion) the "Basket of deplorables" again. Cons: She spends too much time talking about herself, her mother, her dedication to the people of USA, her strong Methodist background, etc.<br/><br/>After finishing the book it hit me: she lost because people would prefer to be stuck in a bar with Sam Malone than with Diane Chambers.<br/>"Sometimes you wanna go where everybody knows your name..."
 I liked her humor and I just love her anyway.  Book I have but haven't finished it
 Informative
 Interesting but somewhat tedious as I felt like I was reading the nightly news.
 Living the nightmare of Trump, refreshing to read something from a true leader.
 I bought the book on Amazon when it first came out.  Having started it last year, then putting it down and  picking it up again, after eight more months of information about what happened during the election made the book more powerful to me.  The clarity of her description of events supported by factual information is impressive. The chapters on women in politics and Russia's involvement in the election should be included in high school and college anthologies. After all we have learned, her descriptions of the events are even more powerful and accurate. And of course, who had better first hand experience?<br/><br/>Looking at some of the negative reviews, I find it puzzling. She does own up to her shortcomings. It seems that some people expected a mea culpa book and that the loss of the election was totally her fault. What the book shows are the overwhelming factors that contributed to her loss of the election. And who would be the right candidate agains a reality star who lies as naturally as most of tell the truth?  With the stirring up of racial resentment, Obama would have probably lost as well. One can only appreciate the toll of coming so close in two elections. She could have written a bitter book, but her last chapter focuses on hope.<br/>Yesterday, I lent the book to a friend, asking her to return it when finished. It is a book that I want to keep and reference. After reading the book, she turned out to be a person that was human and someone I would like to sit down and have a cup of coffee with. If only that had been better communicated to our nation.
 Too much blaming and not enough accepting responsibility for a failed campaign.
 Disclaimer: I voted for Hilary. That said: the book was a journalistic justification of the loss the her election. While she talks about her shortcomings and admits to her mistakes, the end message I received from her was always “yeah, I messed up, but at least I’m not Donald Trump!”  I could go on about what my opinions are on the matter, but I wish to just review this book.  If not whiny, the book does offer valuable insight into the perception of the election, at least from the first-person leftist view. Interesting backstories as well. It also, though too late now, showed us the real Hilary and not the robot on stage.
 Enjoy it, very interesting.
 I am a Hillary supporter so let me be up front about that bias.  I also am a registered republican who has voted democrat for president the last 3 times.  I read the book because I wanted to know how's she's doing. I found her writing to be very straightforward. I was amazed at how much of it pertained to today's headlines.  She helped me understand 'behind-the-news'. Her knowledge of world affairs is astounding. She did accept some blame for the election loss but not totally.  She was quite able to spread it around. There is definitely no love lost between her and the President. Her ending appeal to the young to keep hope alive was meaningful and I hope will be true.
 Very personality-centric. Good read but sometimes Hillary overestimates her influences in cultural and political movements
 How she deals with this astonishing experience is simply amazing, wonderful, and shows what a great person she really is.
 Some one left a copy of this book in the bathroom at work. That made me giggle. I read this short tabloid blame game exposé last night and could barely get through it. Bernie should be angry. The American people should be angry. The democrats should be angry. Hillary should feel lucky that someone left the book in the bathroom instead of the toilet.
 I was really looking forward to this read, but it didn't quite live up to my hopeful expectations.  It was interesting to get some insight into H's personal life and what it's like behind the scenes on the campaign trail. I also appreciated her intellect and appreciation for policy and the political machine in general. Content-wise it was heavier on the policy stuff and lighter on the personal insight stuff than I would have liked, but it's her story to tell, and this is what she chose to share.  In hindsight I see that I was hoping to read more about "why" it happened, since we all know "what" happened.
 Mrs. Clinton writes with clarity, with honesty and with a keen understanding of the U.S. government and of the world in general.
 Loved it!  Especially the chapter on Women in Politics.  I've recently felt discouraged by the news about women's health care, etc.  This book (Hillary) reminded me of all the progress we have made as a country in regards to women's rights.  And she gives me hope that today's women will continue to push for the things that make us a civilized nation - truly taking care of all of our citizens through healthcare, education, and security.
 Brutally honest, but funny and uplifting. It took a while to summon up the strength to start reading it, but once I did, i couldn't stop.
 I worked on the Clinton campaign and I think she was the most qualified person to run for President in my life time and I was born at the end of the Truman Administration. All that said, I was not impressed by this book. Much of it concerned why she was more qualified than Trump. We already know that. It also discussed all the reasons she lost but there was no new information. There were some insights into her personal life. All in all, it really was a ho hum use of my time. I think she could have written a much better book if she had just waited a year or two.
 Starts off a bit “whiny”. Yes, it was an awful outcome but would prefer she accept a bit more personal responsibility.
 I enjoyed Hillary's honesty in telling her side of "What Happened".
 This book shows how one can learn and feel optimistic after a defeat or loss. Her spirit to be truthful to herself and acknowledged her mistakes is commendable. It is a must read for anyone who seeks to be or currently holds public office.
 I appreciated seeing the thinking behind some decisions. I also noted that are many, many times that she absolutely took responsibility for the campaign and the election. Many reviewers had claimed she had not and that is not the case at all. It flows reasonably well but is a bit dry and long winded in parts.
 This is a very poorly written book.  There's a lot of questionable and unproven claims, more like a blame and deflect than a memoir. I voted for Hillary because I couldn't vote for the other candidate, however, I didn't feel good about my vote at all.  I wanted to get her perspective on it all. I think after reading this I learned that those in power in this country are more delusional than I ever thought imaginable. There doesn't seem to be anyone in a position of power that goes out to buy milk and bread and understands the the things we, the middle class, are suffering through daily.  The Founding Fathers could never imagine the things the Clinton clan, Bush clan, and now the Trump clan have done in the name of our country and their power.  It's a sad state of affairs. Mrs. Clinton should retire quietly from the public and she certainly shouldn't be paid to write such fiction again.  The blame game and the art of politics have seen new lows with this one. I don't recommend purchasing it and was glad to have picked it up at Goodwill.  That being said, I wonder how long Amazon will take to remove my review?
 Good book
 Only got through chapter 1...
 too predictable.
 nothing in here was super unexpected but it felt pretty candid and it was interesting to read something so of this particular moment in time
 Boring for me
 Hillary explores the reasons she lost the election from her point of view.  She was definitely the best qualified candidate, but the continuation of a chain of positions that the US has had lately may be more her downfall than she thinks. (i.e. Bush, Clinton, Bush, Obama then another Clinton?)  Not that Trump is that much better choice at being president
 Given as a gift - no complaints.
 Somewhat interesting, but revealed little new info on the candidate, which I think most voters would like to have known.
 I felt that Hillary was quite honest and much warmer person than she appears in public.<br/>She would have contributed much more to<br/>her country and the poorer people than Trump.
 That Hilliary could be down to earth at limited times
 I must say that I thoroughly enjoyed this book which provided insight into the 2016 election. Secretary Clinton was honest, direct, and while she took responsibility for her part in not winning the election, she also shed light on the other contributing factors which led to the result. This book made me look at elections, policy, and politics in a different light. I would recommend that everyone, regardless of their political affiliation, read Secretary Clinton’s post-mortem account.
 Not what I expected, I expected more political views. I like her and admire her but the book disappointed me.
 You lost. That's what happen And won’t shut up about it.
 I feel I wasted my money when I bought this book. It was just a rehash of the campaign, not a real explanation for the loss. It is very unfortunate for the American people that Hillary lost this election. She could have been less "secretive", relied less on other well known Democrats and just run her "own" campaign. But that didn't happen and now we're stuck with an total incompetent.
 Extremely well written but one-sided.
 First, unlike much of what I heard about it on social media, it's not whining about Bernie, did she criticize Bernie? Yes, rightfully so, but  the criticism may take all of one page.<br/>She does speak about areas she could have done differently, but most of the book reads like a long conversation with an old, dear friend.  She tells stories about friends, family and the political process.
 First couple of chapters pretty moving... but subsequently repetitious, overly familiar in that she tells us little we didn't already know, and fails to figure out how to make herself truly likable...
 Good to know what happened. This was a tough fight. I'm not sure how it will continue. Kindle was easy to read.
 Outstanding book!
 I’ll always believe that the election was a farce. I think that a lot of what was written in the book actually proved that there was outside influences. It was interesting to read about Hillary’s family life. It’s very obvious that Hillary is extremely well educated and well read.
 Great read..
 No comments
 An interesting review of the 2016 travesty of our democracy
 She seems sincere and authentic. Politics aside, people need to be united to move forward at this time of great divide.
 If you want to suffer again last year’s election and the full 2015 and 2016 process and butchery, go for it.
 Interesting read and while I DO think Clinton is in fact a victim in many ways (moreso during the election, not her entire life) -- she spends too much time painting herself a martyr in this book. Unfortunately, because of her reputation, even when she's being honest about all the challenges and obstacles she faced in her presidential run, most people aren't going to be sympathetic to her - especially conservatives. She makes some good points and you do sort of see her in a different light if you're willing to -- but this book isn't groundbreaking, nor does it reveal anything huge.
 Great read.  Good way to learn about campaigns and history.  Like Hillary is talking to you.  I really enjoyed it.
 I voted for HRC because she seemed a better choice over The Donald. Then I read her book about half way through, and couldn't bring myself to finish it. It's mostly about what happened during Hillary's entire career, and what caused her to lose her bid for the Presidency. We already know what happened during the 2016 election, so let's move on ! Personally, I would rather hear some new ideas about how the Democratic Party can put itself back together, and dig itself out of the hole it's in.
 I liked the honesty thread which seemed to run through the account.
 Very interesting read. It was very personal and informative. I walked away having even more respect for Hillary Clinton. Plus, she's funny! I got the sense she may have been pouring it on with the lovey dovey stuff about Bill, but who knows.
 Worst waste of money, don’t do it.
 Liked her candid feedback of dealing with defeat.
 Very interesting listening. I enjoyed hearing Secretary Clinton's voice most of all. She answers many questions with great clarity. I got a greater understanding of how the voting system works and came to the conclusion it needs revamping.
 Whatever your views of the Clinton may be, Secretary Clinton proffers wisdom, experience, judgment and courage for us. We ignore it at our peril.
 It was not advertised good as I had hoped. It got boring. Disappointed.
 I found What Happened to be a very good read and I recommend it highly! Clinton absolutely does not absolve herself of much of the blame for losing the 2016 election, however, she does skewer Comey and illuminates the many ways that T. revealed himself to be thoroughly slimy!<br/>Her deep affection and high regard for her husband is evident and a wonderful reminder that even great damage to a relationship can be healed. I was a so-so fan of Hillary Clinton leading up to the election but after reading this book, I know with certainty that she would have been a fine President and made our U.S.A proud!
 I voted for HRC so quit reading now if you hate her. I was disappointed in the book because she is actually very brilliant when it comes to politics and foreign policy, but the book was a long apology for her election loss. It was also quite heavy in feminist lament, which would be fine if my expectation wasn't gritty politics. Half the book was name dropping as Hillary attempted to acknowledge and recognize the hundreds of people who she has worked with over 3 decades, particularly those involved in her campaign. Nothing wrong with that either, in moderation. She devoted too many pages to it. HRC did provide a confirming and unsurprising glimpse at how nasty US politics can be, and she documented a compelling and impressive account of her several decades in public service. Many people despise her without having a clue about her background and accomplishments. Those people would benefit from a quick read of What Happened.
 It’s a excellnet book to do reflection.
 I was deeply touched by WHAT HAPPENED. I love Hillary's voice: she was frank, intelligent and open about her perceptions and feelings. But this book went beyond what she felt and thought to how she could inspire, inform and assist. She has to soul of a leader and even having lost the election, she's doing great work sharing her voice with others. I especially admire that she doesn't give up. Several times she used quotes that I've jotted down, before reading her book,  because they felt important and meaningful and to know that they also were special to her too was amazing. I felt like I was sitting down with Hillary: that she is someone I would really enjoy having as a mentor/friend/teacher.<br/><br/>Politics aside--I highly recommend this book for its positive message of community, activism, love, hope and kindness for our fellow humans. Hillary gets into what really matters. I'm so thankful that she worked so hard all these years fighting the good fight.
 This is quintessential irony. My goodness. What happened is that it is, was, and always will be about Hillary, Hillary and (catch your breath here) Hillary again. The lost campaign was an exercise in lived autobiography, not civics.
 I have often not been a fan of Hillary Clinton, this honest forthright book has changed some of my previously held beliefs.
 Senator Clinton's most famous remark during the campaign was her inflammatory "basket of deplorables" comment about her opponent's supporters.  You can find it on the internet if you are interested, along with her apology for it.  But, you can't find it in "What Happened", as the author omits all reference to it.  Another scandal of the campaign was when interim DNC Chairman Donna Brazile gave Mrs. Clinton advance notice of questions in a debate she was about to have with her competitor, Senator Sanders.  CNN fired Brazile for it.  But, you can't find it in "What Happened".  The author omits all reference to it.  The book says that "The FBI began investigating a dossier prepared by a well-respected former British spy that contained explosive and salacious allegations about compromising information the Russians had on Trump.  (p. 354).  What she omits is that the former British spy, Christopher Steele, was working for the Hillary Clinton campaign.  The author notes that DNC Chairman Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigned just before the national convention but doesn't say why:  WikiLeaks released e-mails showing the extent to which Congressman Wasserman Schultz had thrown the nomination to Clinton and away from Senator Sanders.  There are many histories of the 2016 campaign and omission of so many relevant facts makes this book the worst one.
 Amazon - shame on you for deleting the bad reviews. Just embarassing.
 Lies full of lies
 Actually, Ms. Clinton offers some insights of value, but the overwhelming theme is accepting blame for failure, then presenting arguments as to why it's really not her fault.
 Got the audio book, immediately regretted it. Dogs started howling in almost a painful way, whimpering in a corner. Most people trust dogs right? I would definitely say, if their feelings mean anything, stay away. I swear, my poor little Dachshund hasn't been this scared since the last bad thunder storm we had but this is worse.
 This is not a book to buy and read if you hate Hillary Clinton. I bought it, but it took me until yesterday to actually bring myself to read it. When I started, I couldn't put it down. I bought it because I was shocked at the 2016 election and have spent some time thinking about my fellow Americans. I bought it because it was so disheartening to see someone so qualified be rejected. As someone who has felt the sting of that unfairness in a different context and myself needed to recover from stinging defeat, reading a memoir from a "loser" was interesting and important.<br/><br/>This is a well-written political memoir, not a detailed critique and critical analysis of the election. I read a lot of different newspapers, so what Clinton said about the election wasn't super-new, but I appreciated her insight. In particular, I found her synthesis of Russia's involvement helpful. I liked the biographical elements and while the book was somewhat scanty on what is to be done now, Clinton does offer an opinion and pragmatic view for moving forward. I really appreciated how she described the catch-22 of sexism; her description of how powerful woman are not likable rings so true. While she strove to be optimistic and really struck great notes in that vein, it wasn't enough for me. Not sure how a well-qualified policy wonk can actually win an election anymore. So I really liked her description of George W Bush &amp; his resolve to never again be "out-Texaned" in an election -- but that kind of showmanship doesn't come naturally to everyone and certainly doesn't give me hope to see more women in power.<br/><br/>You will enjoy the book if you respect and/or like Hillary Clinton + are interested in her political memoir. You won't like it if you dislike her or if you are looking for a more political science-type evaluation of the 2016 race.
 I voted for Hillary but I sensed an inability to communicate with ordinary mortals.  The money spent on the campaign was extraordinary and truly this brilliant woman, who would have made a good president, is unable to relate to ordinary folk, something I would not have guessed until I read the book.  Every page that I thought was the end was another of ¨what happened and why didn't I win.¨
 Book very good
 Loved reading an inside view from the woman herself. And she was right about everything she warned us about.
 Interesting read. She's actually quite funny at times.
 Never finished book
 Very easy read! Important to understand as it relates to what is happening now.
 Bought it for Mom. It was the singular book she requested when brought to rehab following a heart attack. Mom died shortly thereafter. But perhaps Hillary made things brighter.
 Skipped the good stuff, and evoked  the same few issues over and over again.  Worth a first time read.
 Interesting perspective on the election.  However, to fully appreciate it, get the audible book, which Hillary reads herself.  I listened to her over President's Day weekend.  A real treat.  You get more of the feeling from the spoken word.
 Who knew? Apparently Hillary can write very well!! After reading most of this book, I flipped to the front matter to find out who the ghost writer was, only to discover that none was listed. I am impressed with Hillary’s ability to write a very engaging book. I think my favorite part was getting a behind-the-scenes look at what it takes to run a campaign. Hillary shares a good deal of her thoughts and emotions in this book, not just facts, and it’s cool to read about news stories I remember with the added benefit of hearing her thoughts and emotions on the matter. Not that any of her emotions were a huge surprise, but still, adding the emotional component makes a story much more interesting to me.<br/><br/>Feminism gets a good deal of mention in this book, and Hillary makes a good point that what we say as “no big deal” is only no big deal because of the tremendous progress we’ve made as a society. One hundred years ago people were protesting the fact that women still could not vote. The civil rights movement was only sixty years ago. When Hillary went to law school, her class was almost entirely male. As a millennial, I don’t think I can fully grasp the magnitude of what it means to have a woman come so close to winning the presidency. I still don’t, but this book helped.<br/><br/>There’s also an explanation of what she would have done her first day in office, a pretty horrifying chapter on how Russia interfered with the election, and a not-very-juicy chapter on her email usage.<br/><br/>Where I do have criticism for her is with her explanation about why she lost. She does accept responsibility, saying she was not able to adequately handle the curveballs that were thrown her way during the campaign, so I will give her credit there. But she places a fair amount of blame on the overblown scandals thrown around in the media. And I would accept that theory under just about any circumstances, if it weren’t for the fact that she lost to Donald Trump. She trounced Bernie, who was pretty scandal-free, and lost to Trump, who dominated the news with scandal after scandal. Some odd logic there.<br/><br/>The other thing that rubs me the wrong way is that, while she apologized for calling trump-supporters “deplorables,” it’s clear that – well, she meant what she said and she’s not that sorry. Now, full disclosure here, I voted for Hillary and not Trump, but I do have friends who are Trump supporters. Hillary attributes Trump’s popularity to riding the wave of anger that was present in the American population, and playing to people’s worse base instincts: hatred and divisiveness. Now those may be factors, but … half the nation didn’t choose a candidate purely because their hearts are brimming with anger and hatred, and Hillary makes it sound as though they do.<br/><br/>Not being a Trump supporter myself, I can’t make a super-convincing argument for him, but the fact that he was a businessman rather than a politician certainly appealed to people, as did the idea that he was self-funding his campaign. And honestly, the fact that he wasn’t apologizing for saying things that he clearly meant, the way Hillary apologized about the deplorables comment. Some people are sick of political discussions being side-tracked by forced apologies and people taking offense, and feel that all these cries of hurt feelings and insensitivity are detracting from our ability to actually talk about real issues and get things done.<br/><br/>When it comes to why Trump won, I think Hillary could have done better. Enough people voted for Trump that I’m sure it could have been possible to delve a little deeper and ask Trump supporters what they liked about him and why they supported him. If she had done this, and then presented persuasive counter-responses to these points, I think it would have been a better book. Now granted, most people can’t very accurately recite the opposing viewpoint, and Hillary made an earnest effort, so I’m not knocking her, just saying it wasn’t perfect. Hell, I’m still giving this book four stars!<br/><br/>Other than that, this was a book well-written and I enjoyed it.
 Not what expected.
 Terrible crapppy book
 I began this book with hopes of understanding why and how in the world are we at this point of turmoil.  I end with the sense of renewed hope.  Thank you Secretary Clinton for not only sharing your heart and disappointment but openly sharing your inspiration.  It is needed more now than ever.  Most of all, thank you for remaining professional in a time of personal attack on you, your family and our country.  Best wishes.
 Not too much new information or insight, but still a good book to read.
 I found this book to very interesting and somewhat truthful.  She is very forth coming and her struggles with the election and how it went.  I would recommend this book for anyone who wants to learn more about the battles and struggles.
 words used are not academic, even much less political sense
 This was a difficult book to read, as you see the President we could have elected if things were different.  It is a story of our loss, just as much as it is a story about Hillary’s.  The book is well written &amp; exactly what one would expect from Hillary in quality, thought, &amp; thoroughness.  It gives you a behind the scenes look at what she was thinking, why certain decisions were made, &amp; the unpredictability of an election no matter how prepared or competent the nominee &amp; their team.  If you do not like Hillary, this book will most likely not change your mind.  If you do like her, then you will find this to be an enjoyable &amp; interesting read.
 Have not finished reading the book yet, but it is interesting.  I am glad that I purchase it.
 This book is beautifully written, intelligent, honest, and authentic. The first few hours of listening felt very analytical, and the middle made me very sad because Hillary talked about all of the great plans and values she has and would have pursued as president. The end was very sad, listening to what she would have said to her mother in her acceptance speech and how she felt at Wellesley’s graduation. It made me cry about the loss that I still feel every day because she is not our president, and because of who is. I still think the things she did “wrong” did not in any way invalidate her candidacy or make Trump a viable option. I am inspired and motivated to continue fighting in more ways than voting, volunteering, donating, and marching that I’ve been doing, but also to get involved in voter registration and campaign initiatives for 2018. Hillary, thank you so much. I do hope you know you are still our champion.
 I am so glad I read this book.  I was crushed when Hillary did not win the electoral vote and this book has helped me keep hope alive.  Donald Trump will always be the loser in my book.  Wonderful story, beautifully written and extremely enjoyable!
 JUST OK
 Blamed literally everyone but herself for losing the election.<br/><br/>Did not enjoy this book.
 I very much enjoyed the book.  Very down to earth and well written and raised fundamental questions about protecting our democracy going forward. Hillary Clinton was the most qualified candidate for President and should be in the Oval office today if not for the character assassination done by the Republican Party for over a decade because she is a strong, intelligent woman.
 I can't get this book to work on Audible.  I've never had this problem before.  What can I do?  It seems frozen and when I tap it nothing happens.
 I am mostly a reader of science fiction and fantasy, so I knew this would be hit or miss from the go. I listen to political podcasts, read from a variety of sources and would consider myself well-informed when it comes to politics of the last several years. With those two things in mind, I did not find the book very enjoyable or informative.<br/><br/>Although well-written, I felt like there were very few instances where Clinton provided information that wasn't already common knowledge. Her responses to things were typical of a reasonable person. It did open my eyes a little bit to the "female politician" perspective that I would not have been able to understand otherwise being a millennial male not in the political scene.<br/><br/>There was a certain lacking in analysis of provided information that avid FiveThirtyEight folks might find lackluster. That is, I was hoping to read more data on the 2016 election and what the book provides is more of a storyline. I wanted to see percentage signs. For instance, instead of seeing Clinton write "I was polling at 53% in Wisconsin, and during the election I was perhaps validly criticized for not campaigning in the state, and I ended up gaining 46.9% of the vote" and then talking about the details of what happened, it is more common to read in the book an anecdote about a person from Wisconsin and relate it to a policy issue she campaigned on, with just a sentence or two of analysis on the outcome of the vote.<br/><br/>If you are interested in a biographical perspective of Clinton from 2015-2017 this is a good book for you. It's written by a democrat, for democrats, and I wish that Clinton would have been more introspective or self-critical (the chapter "Those Damn Emails" she does not acknowledge that she was careless with her emails nor Comey's calling her careless with the emails).<br/><br/>A good comparison might be relating my feelings to Clinton to NPR. I love NPR but I can't stand Prairie Home Companion. It's just not for me. I love HRC, but her books aren't for me. I would vote for her again after reading this, I would still want to sit down and have a drink with her after reading this, but I don't think I'd want to read another book written by her after reading this.
 I would recommend "What Happened" to anyone wanting a clear picture of what the political climate is in the United States today. Secretary Clinton gave an honest and heartfelt report of what it was like, what happened and where we as a nation need to go now. FORWARD!
 I'm so glad she wrote this book. It gave me a better understanding about how the process unfolded and also cemented my respect for her tremendously!
 Now, I know what happened. What a shame. The book was hard to break from. Would recommend to anyone who wants to know what happened.
 I thought I knew everything already. Nope. This is a great read. I recommend it to everyone. I LOVED it.
 Boring with little substance. The media has already reported the contents, so not much new or exciting. I will say she does a good job of humanizing herself and relating to the reader. Some of her statements, however, have turned out to be inaccurate (although what she said was believed by many at the time). Worth the read because so much insight is given into HRC’s worldview. Relating to people as she did in the book could have won her the election.
 She's a better woman than me.  I'd be an incoherent Harpy if I'd been through all she's been through.
 Worthless for learning the truth. She blames everyone buy herself.
 Worst book EVER!! BORING AS IT IS I LISTENED THIS AUDIBLE FOR 30 MIN SO BORING! DO NOT BUY SHE LOST THE USA DOESNT WANT HER
 Have not actually been able to finish it. It is well written and interesting, but when I think of the president we could have had and the freak we do have, I get angry and depressed,
 too much filler, too little new information.
 Whining book...we know what happened.
 Nice to "see" her as a person.
 All the information about the election is great but there is way too much on what Hillary’s policies would have been if she were elected. This doesn’t do her image any favours unfortunately because to the naysayers she will just sound like she’s sulking. I think it was theraputic for her to be able to write about policies because unfortunately her coverage in the election was dominated by scandals, more than what she would have done as president.
 First, I will admit that I am a fan of Hillary Clinton, and I was hoping that the 2016 election had gone the other way.  But I am also an American, and I believe that we elected President Trump and he is President.  I was really interested, however, to read what Hillary thought went wrong with her campaign.  Reviews have suggested that she blamed others for her loss, but in fairness, she accepted a considerable amount of blame herself.  I agree with her assessment regarding James Comey, but I also agree that some of her own comments (basket of deplorable, for example) hurt her campaign a great deal.  If you care about politics and elections, this is a book you should read.  If you are thinking about what we do now that Trump is President, this is a book you should read.  You won’t learn all of the answers, but you will hear Hillary’s side of the story, and it is worth reading for that reason alone.
 It’s a good read,  very interesting to learn about the back stories!
 Interesting,  I dont understand Trump supporters.
 I was expecting more insight on what happen but it came off as somewhat guarded about her next steps in political life.
 Should be our President.
 Poorly curated menagerie of loathing and outdated hopes. Clinton’s campaign was relevant, but masked by her 1950’s personality and proprieties. She needs a better editor.
 This book provides real insight into Hillary Clinton's campaign and into the woman she is.  I researched who she was before the election and wish everyone else would have done likewise. She is a hero in my eyes. She has been falsely judged by so many, and that fact alone is a real travesty. The hand she was dealt was an injustice to her and to us. Hilary is  great Lady, a great Author, and would have been a great President.
 Circular and narcissistic. A whole lot of finger pointing but no acceptance of blame.
 What a disappointment. She blames everyone else for her circumstances except herself. Her desire to be president is hubris and nothing more. Now we are stuck with someone wholly unqualified for the office. This was the worst selection of candidates for president in modern history. After reading the book, I am more offended than ever. Nothing more than a way to cash in after losing. Sorry I purchased the book.
 Riveting!
 Wonderful
 Honest.
 Because seriously, I needed to know.
 Very funny, and very sad. A fascinating look into the daily life of a high stakes presidential campaign. Regardless of how you felt in 2016 this book was enlightening.
 Hillary, it is time to dump Huma Abedin. You lost because of her and her ex-husband.
 I loved WHAT HAPPENED so much that I stretched out the reading of it as long as possible, and even read some chapters multiple times before I allowed myself to move on.  It was an utter joy from beginning to end.  This book felt so REAL.  Kudos to Hillary for a fabulous book.
 Loved it!
 a good read
 Informative well written. Blame was placed everywhere. Quite humorous while reading. Glad I read the book.
 Extremely disappointing. I respect this woman although I didnt bvote for her and expected more from the book.
 Unknown. Was given as a gift
 I would recommend this book to anyone who is a student of history or politics. While Mrs. Clinton's rewrite of history is delusional, clumsy and frustrating to read at times, they are her words and as the first woman to run for president of a major party that makes them noteworthy. She provides little glimpses into her personal life, but this is not a tell all book about politics, but a book defending her record and attacking her enemies. It feels more like a book of excuses and an attempt to replay 2016, than a serious look at why her campaign failed.. One example she doesn't get while her morning reading of the NYT, NY Daily News and Post, along with her obsession with NPR left her unable to understand what was going on in the rest of the country. She likes to pretend people didn't vote for her because she was a woman, they didn't understand her while ignoring a quote from her own daughter who warned her she was not connecting with the people. She ignores or tries to brush off her fainting spell in New York, Bill's affairs, her failed healthcare bill, her record as Secretary of State. I was hoping this would be a great chance to look inside one of the most interesting and controversial women of my times. It sadly fails that test. This books if for history and political junkies.. not recommended for those hoping to learn anything new.... the Donna Brazille book Hacks is next on my list. I am hoping to learn more there.
 Wish this Hillary was on the campaign trail, Loved how I got to know what was on her mind and how things went down. I had her voice in my head as i continued to read the book.<br/>I have just gotten into reading and this book kept me sucked in.
 Have read too many of her books, but still recommend.
 It was interesting to read Clinton's views on the election, the process and her loss. The book reveals her humor and her humanity much of which was not evident during the campaign. If you enjoy politics, this is a good read.
 Interesting read, but became redundant  midway through book.
 bought this used so price could have been cheaper since had scuff marks
 I didn't vote for Hillary Clinton, and I didn't vote against her. I voted for Donald Trump. And now, I wanted to hear what she was thinking. I, too, am a woman of exactly the same age, who struggled in a man's world through education, reaching my doctorate degree..... and a practice of 40 years now.<br/>I followed her through the beginning of the book as she described the way she was treated as a woman trying to be taken seriously, in an all man's field.  It is true... and I felt her anguish and was proud of her stamina. I was ready, and even wanted desperately to like this book.... but it soon disintegrated into the same moans we have all heard throughout the campaign. Nothing new.... nothing enlightening.... just more of the same complaints and mud slinging that we all have heard and are so very tired of.<br/>I wanted to hear how, now that the election is over, that we should support our new administration as our conscience dictates... and that if we have bad things to say, then use our wonderful democratic process and work for the GOOD and for CHANGE in the next elections, and not to keep trying to tarnish our present leaders. How does this look to the world? Like a spoiled little girl who did not get her way!<br/>I would love to see a woman President, but it must be someone who truly deserves our vote, and not just because she was born female.  Sorry Hillary.
 A page-turner from a great American. Heartbreaking story of a journey that ended the wrong way.Brava, Madam Secretary!
 Terrific book/CD
 Excellent and entertaining, but difficult to read as time goes on and the news worsens each day. Hard to read about a massive, crushing loss a year ago while its consequences hurt people each day in the present.
 Goes to show us how stupid American can be.  Sheep!
 Too much rationalization for how everybody else is to blame. Some nice personal revelations don't make up for the lack of insight into how Hilary and the rest of the aging Democrats got so out of touch with Americans between the coasts. "What Really Happened " will have to be another book.
 Very uninteresting!  Rehashes the election; constantly bashing Trump as well as Bernie Sanders.  Total waste of time &amp; money.
 Infuriating and saddening to read but it was good to get Hillary's perspective on the presidential election.
 I'm glad to have read "What Happened." Hillary Clinton was able to express a warm human side of herself, which I choose to admire. I believe I trust her more now than I have in the past. She sounded so humble as she expressed what she thought were her failings. This loss was extremely difficult for her and I cannot begin to fully understand how devastated she must have been feeling after working so extremely hard and then losing the election. I'm still, however, puzzled by what happened by way of reading her book. I have questions and maybe won't have any answers perhaps until after the investigation by the Special Prosecutor completes his investigation. I appreciate Hillary speaking so candidly to her audience. I sense that she has a good deal she can do for this country. I love that fact that being a grandmother is of utmost importance to her and an area of her life she loves focusing on now. Family is wonderful and hers is pretty amazing.
 Rather bland but informative. It is written so a preteen can handle it.
 I liked the history of how she found she lost the election and why.  Way too much about woman rights in my opinion.  Just seemed too grandmother-y and not enough bite.
 Initially I was intimidated by the number of pages. But it was easy to read and was very thoughtful and honest. I was not her biggest fan. Now I am.
 An interesting "Take" on the circumstances.
 This was a great book. It was well-written and insightful.
 I started reading this as soon as it was available.  I am ending and reviewing it the week before Thanksgiving.  Each week, the Trump Presidency has gotten worse and more embarrassing. I can only imagine what our country would be if she had won the Electoral College, instead of just winning the popular vote by 3 million+ votes.
 I got the audiobook and its haunting.
 Mrs. Clinton did a good job of pin-pointing, in a short time after the election,  just what happened<br/>I thought she de-emphasized the great harm Fox News and lies had to do with her defeat.
 Terrible book
 The research was thorough.  Clinton made many valid points and I applaud her endeavor to explain the disaster of the 2016 election.  My biggest issue was the continual whine throughout the book.  Her complaints were exhausting and just wanted to scream YOU LOST, America lost, but no amount of writing will change the outcome.  Was the election results due to misogyny?  Definitely.  When women become angry we are said to be shrews.  When our voices are raised we are screeching.  America is not accustomed to forthright speaking females.  She has laid the groundwork for future women, perhaps women without the baggage, but hopefully with the experience to rise to political fame and demonstrate to the remainder of the world that America believes in its female population.  America must shed its patriarchal skin to walk into the 21st century and become once again the leader it once was.<br/>Time to retreat to the woods Hillary, becoming a citizen, but a citizen with a strong voice.
 It’s interesting, she’s smart and funny-/but I found her not taking enough responsibility.  The blaming got tiresome.  I voted for her and am a lifelong dem.  I read about 3:4 if it and just list interest.
 Disappointing book.
 It must have been painful for Hillary Clinton to write this book immediately after the election. She has done a sincere job of reporting. The first half is autobiographical. The second half is about "what happened" in the election. But I am giving the book four stars and not five, because, in my estimation, she has pulled her punches and not discussed the real tough questions.<br/><br/>She has correctly pointed out the failure of American journalism. They were so busy writing stories about "Donald the Clown" that they acted as an echo chamber for Republican propaganda. NYTimes published a front page story on her emails and covered the Republican attacks on her. Much later, they published an editorial dismissing it as a meaningless charge, much like what Bernie did in a debate. But the damage was done and was not reversed. During a congressional hearing, Comey testified about Hillary's emails in the morning, and several State Dept officials testified about other secretaries of state. There was no coverage in the media. Colin Powell also had used personal emails and refused to hand over any of those. There was never any hint that Hillary's emails have led to any serious harm to national security; but Powell testifed at the UN in support of invasion of Iraq; one of the most stupid decisions in the US foreign policy. I have great respect for Colin Powell; but he had an obligation to speak up in support of Hillary that private emails were common practice at State. He failed in this duty. Amazingly, the US media did not call him out. The complete story of "what happened" should include what should have happened but did not.<br/><br/>The book details the failure of the FBI under Comey to do its duty. Just after the election, Hillary had blamed Comey's late announcement of additional emails as the proximate cause of her loss. Comey violated policy in making that announcement. Trump's deputy AG, Rosenstein wrote a memo recommending firing Comey based on that performance -- the media, true to form, completely ignored it because at the same time Trump said "It's the Russia thing." In the book, Hillary documents all the acts of commission and omission by Comey's FBI. As I was reading it, I kept on asking, what was Comey's boss, Eric Holder doing? What was Eric Holder's boss doing?
 A very emotional read
 Made for interesting reading.
 It was enlightening to read the details of what was going on with not only Hillary, but the campaign, James Comey, etc, during the election year.
 Hilary is smarter and funnier than I thought!  Love the quotes she chose too!
 OUTSTANDING
 Loved it!!!
 It was well written but Hillary spent too much time placing her defeat on others.
 Revelation 19:20<br/>But the beast was captured, and with him the false prophet who had performed signs on his behalf, by which he deceived those who had the mark of the beast and worshiped its image. Both of them were thrown alive into the fiery lake of burning sulfur.
 I hate Hillary .
 Awful.  It was always someone else's fault.
 Great first person description of Mrs Clinton's point of view on 2016 campaign. Well written and inciteful. Learned more than I had expected about her personal life and intellect reading this book.
 An excellent recap of everything that went wrong during the election. An in depth analysis of what we can do from here on out. Worthy read that I think every American should at least pick up. Easy to read and follow.
 Great book from our real president!
 A gift for spouse who really loves it!
 Interesting, but way too wordy. Probably could have achieved same with about 150 pages
 Actually haven't read it yet, but I recieved it and have had no problems
 Great listen!Love that its Hilary that narrates.
 Amazing book!! Secretary Clinton lets her guard down and provides a behind the scenes view of the most outrageous campaign ever.
 What makes this a great work is the fact that the author talks about her failures. Yes, she takes responsibility. She feels pain. She struggles to find meaning and purpose when a future that seemed likely disappeared. I started this text with nothing more than a healthy respect for the professional success of Hillary Rodham Clinton over the years. I finished this book with disproportionate sadness for a loss many still cannot bring themselves to recognize. What I suggest is you read this as a lesson on experiencing defeat. It’s a lesson on what it means to have character, resilience and passion for building communities. In short, it’s a front row seat of what it costs to take on the establishment of power, influence and privilege that holds the glass ceiling in place.
 a-1
 A Brit, living in Asia, there is a cascade from US politics to the ASEAN region. Like many, a Democrat in the White House was deemed as a necessity to regional equilibrium. A Republican with Trump at the helm was considered the worst possible outcome for many, myself included.<br/><br/>I was eager to understand Hillary's view and insights into why and how she believed she lost to a political outsider who generates hate as a platform to win.<br/><br/>This book was as much as a disappointment as the result of the election. The more I read, the more I felt Hillary  was trying to justify her complacency, her inability to translate what the American voters desired to a policy that resonated with voters. Hillary, you fell asleep at the wheel. The book was emotionally repetitive, the title was somewhat misleading to the content, and from  many chapters, skim reading was the best option to recover the sunk cost of the book.<br/><br/>It's not a book I would recommend.
 Just thinking all the missed opportunities makes me sad. Great book. Really insightful reading.
 Like so many others, i.e. the popular vote, I was disappointed that HRC wasn't our 45th president. With that in mind, perhaps I have a bias and this review is not going to be the people's choice. I already liked her ideas, so it makes sense I would like her book. Which I did. And since I paid attention during the 2016 presidential election I knew most of the reasons behind her loss. From what I saw, it was shocking to see FBI Director Comey interfere a few days before election day and bring up those, in Bernie's words, "damn emails". So anyway, I liked her book. At a time when women are making a stand for themselves and trying to get people to understand their difficulties, it made sense for her to come out with a book like this. "What Happened" is exactly as the title describes. She has her ideas in it as well, which I'm glad she did because that is exactly why I bought the book. And since the election and daily mind-boggling upset that comes with the Trump Admin, I wanted some assurance that everything was going to be okay in our country. As a minority woman, I deal with everyday struggles that any other minority AND woman goes through, most recently trying to get equal pay at my work. It's frustrating and demeaning, then to go home and turn on the television/radio and hear another ridiculous proposal coming from the Trump Admin, or making sense of another 'alternative fact'. So yes, I was looking for assurance from a defeated woman who had true grit and integrity. And yes, she delivered. With the most simple of all phrases, "keep going."
 My friend asked me help her buy this book and suggested me to read it. so I bought two. The book is great!
 Ordered as a gift.  Very well received.<br/>This book will be passed around our family.
 Hillary Clinton's still under seige from right wing spin doctors attacks for her miniscule role in prosecuting Nixon for his Watergate lies. Why the right doesn't, behave right,  is the big unsolved question of our time.  Hillary had Putin running scared back from Turkey to Moscow and that should have been plently of a reason to electe her President. What a enormous loss for our country! We're going to paying for this error for close to one hundred years onward.
 great book
 I for one was grateful to HRC for writing this book. I often wondered post-election about her thoughts and feelings on what happened. To those who think she should have remained silent, I say: check your misogyny. And for those who say she was just deflecting blame in her book: did you read the book? She acknowledges repeatedly the mistakes her campaign made.
 I really enjoyed this book! Well written and narrated.
 I usually read fiction so this is a slow read for me.
 reposting, this book is delusional
 Gives you an inside look at Hillary.  It is a very well written book by a very intelligent woman.
 Excellent book. Hillary Clinton explains what happens throughout the 2016 election. Highly recommended.
 Riveting description of how and why she ran a clean campaign and organized the run for office. Heartwrenching defeat and how it came about depicted meticulously. Her graceful and dignified rise from the ashes.
 I was delighted to find that this was not just a chronicle of complaints but a very well written and discerning book about many facets of our democracy and election process. I found it to be illuminating on many subjects I was unaware of before and I enjoyed it much more than I thought I would.
 What is not to love about Hillary, other than the fact she lost due to circumstances beyond her control. Great book - have a listen and learn.
 There's a lot to learn from the context in this book. For one thing, it was my thought that the 2016 election was rigged against Hillary. NOW I'M SURE OF IT! The October 28th Comey letter regarding the 'emails' definitely helped to cast doubt on the minds of undecideds. That email debaucal was so inconsequential!!! But a lot of people blew it WAY out of proportion! For any of her faults, Hillary Clinton would have been one of the greatest Presidents this country has ever known! Whereas, Trump is our worst nightmare! I just hope enough people won't make the same horrible mistakes in judgment in 2018 and 2020!!!
 I buy a lot of books on Amazon (all my books) &amp; if I find out, or even suspect, that Amazon eliminated, or even entertained the idea of eliminating reviews of HRC's book, consider yourselves in the rear view mirror. Since I also advise (urge!) my students to buy books from Amazon whenever possible, you can be sure it will also be "objects (websites) may be larger than they appear." We will wave to you, as we pass the book burning(?)......Just for the record, I worked AND voted for Ms. Clinton. My Grandparents both spent time in Aushwitz AND Dachau. How dare you attempt to meddle in our most basic freedom.
 very interesting book
 Great story, very enlightening and I enjoyed reading every word, especially the quotes and historical notations. It was interesting to read how political campaigns work. It was definitely "a page turner".<br/>CT in St. Louis Missouti.
 Admire her intellect and courage.  Interesting read.
 Very disappointing. It's surprising that Hillary thought it was a good idea to release this book. She writes as if she's still desperate for acceptance, approval and your  vote. The election is over, take some responsibility, stop blaming others and move on.
 Amazing book! A must read! It’s devestating to read the attack on our democracy but it’s super important to know the facts! We must understand what happened so we can protect and move forward.
 Good read.
 Here is the jist of it - "This is everybody else's fault but my own!"
 I teresting
 A beautiful triumph of a novel- just the thing I needed for 2017.
 Informative
 AFTER AWHILE IT BECOMES REDUNDANT AND "WHINEY".
 Hillary has quite openly expressed what happened. I get the feeling that there should have been a question mark at the end of that title.
 Awesome read.
 Provided a personal view of Hillary.  It was interesting to read what goes on in her heart and mind, as well as the decisions she made.  Having her read it really lets you feel the human side to her.  She has a great love for her family, friends, and country.
 Love the book.  Only complaint it was slow to ship.  It was in very good condition.  Will order again.
 Excellent book!
 The truth...
 Good read.  Very understandable.
 she left out all the important  things like; Donna Brazile giving her the debate questions beforehand, also the DNC scandal with Debbie Wasserman Schultz losing her DNC chairmanship in the scandal of her e-mails and the DNC conspiring against Bernie Sanders !
 Very healing read . . .
 still reading.
 Short summary: it's everything you heard her say on the campaign trail peppered with how good a person she is and how she was a victim at everyone else's hands. It's musing in places (she has her favorite poets) and conspiratorial in other places. Bottom line: she's has no failings and it was everybody else's fault. Nothing new. Just a few chapters of grumbling mixed in with what you've already heard.
 haven't had the chance to even look thru this yet, as I am not a book reader.  I did want this for my collection of great books. Hillary is my gal.
 This is a credible account by Secy Clinton that is very through and totally interesting and should be required reading. That she reads it makes it special.
 I was curious what would be in this book and wasn't surprized.  It was the worse excuse for a face-the-facts book I have ever read.  She did more Trump/Republican bashing than true reflection on why she lost the election.  I gave it one star because all the words were spelled correctly.
 Interesting review of the election
 Love Hillary even more.
 I usually try not to go down the path of "what if" or "what could  have been".  However,  I truly appreciated Hillary's candid reflection of the 2016 election.  She gives us a rare peep into her private thoughts. It humanized a person that often seems very controlled, and necessarily so, during the misogynistic election cycle. It also gave her an opportunity to restate to the American people her policies, qualifications, and plans for America if she was elected, in the absence of the media obsession with emails and the noise from her opponent. I felt her frustration even though at times it felt too much like "what if". Nevertheless, I truly  hope it was healing for her to get her story out, which she acknowledged.  "What Happened" is a good first hand historical record of a bizarre period that we are still living through. It's what any good project manager would do: document the lessons learned for the ones that follow. But not only that, she ended "What Happened" by answering the question: What should we do now?: resist, insist, persist, enlist
 Dull, dull, dull.
 Great item!
 A good executive doesn’t blame others for their failures. This book makes it clear what kind of leader she would have been.
 Seriously, America. Read.<br/><br/>Rightful President Hillary Rodham Clinton is one of the smartest and most accomplished people on the planet, and America suffered a great loss when, in my opinion (NOT Hillary's), trump, Russia and Republicans rigged the election just like trump kept tweeting in those final days leading up to the "vote."<br/><br/>This dark period in American history has been difficult to stomach, especially as we read about trump Nazi Republican baby prisons for immigrants. I finally finished this book What Happened aching for all that could have been under her leadership.<br/><br/>Her words--and her life--are an inspiration.
 I read the book within a few days and I have to say all she was doing was blaming others for her own failure. Too many people in today's world push their problems on imaginary forces. Clinton did the same. I somehow felt wrong giving her money but it was a sad attempt for a money grab.
 Most of what she wrote was old news, no new revelations.
 A little slow in some parts but interesting. Really wish she was our madam president.
 Easy to read and compelling. She's a great writer. Wish she had been this candid about her email during the campaign. She seems to have a good sense of humor.
 If only she had told the country her dreams during the election instead of trying to answer trumps nonsense she would have won the electoral college
 I was actually able to get this sorry excuse of a book for a dollar. It was truly a waste of my money and time.<br/>How could anyone say I take full responsibility for losing the election. And then go on to blame everyone else with fanciful if not delusional details ... She  really  did  blame everybody but herself.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book.  Hillary Clinton really opened up about her early years and how they shaped her demeanor and personality.  I have a greater understanding of who she is as a person,  after reading this book.  She is so smart and intelligent, she clearly laid out all of the obstacles put in her way, and more importantly clearly explained what went on behind the scenes with Russia's involvement in our election.
 Hillary’s greatest strength may come from her defeat. Her book portends what great accomplishments have yet to come for her. No, she’s not going away. She’s just getting warmed up! Deal with it.
 So good!
 A very readable book. It seemed somewhat speculative in the early chapters, but slowly the sense, the logic, emerges. Not finished yet - but I’m loving it.
 Deserves a total of 0 Stars. The negative reviews on this book of lies have been taken down over 20 times. Every time the book comes close to 3.5 stars, Amazon interferes with the natural process and decides to remove most of the negative comments, causing the book to shoot back up to 4.5+ stars. An accurate review rating for this book is between 0 and 1.1 stars. You're welcome!
 Easy reading. Honest reading. I have always enjoyed her style of writing and explanations of processes that educates us About American politics.
 An inspiring book for all women.
 Really got to know her thru her book and I like her alot better than I thought.
 Good<br/>Read.
 It was hard to keep interested  while reading it.
 A must read for people who who admire those who persevere through all types of adversity and still keep their positive attitude, sense of humor, and sanity.
 Clear writing. Honest thoughts. Inspirational messages. Thanks!
 This is an interesting read!  It is well worth your time to get her view of the election.
 As a Clinton fan, I love this book.  I am still sad, angered and disgusted about the election and trump's supposed win.  I had to wait this long to even begin to read and talk about it.
 Gave this book as a gift.  The recipient loved it.
 I could have given the same review so many others have.  But my main complaint with this book is that it could have been written by an eight grader.  It is so boring.  After 150 pages I assumed I'd be drawn in.  I'm still having to force myself to pick the book up.  It is going to take me a long time to finish this book.
 YUCK!  Bought for my mother... How embarrassing!
 I have just starting reading this book.  It is painful and poignant and honest thus far. I am still in grief about the 2016 election.
 Do not like monthly membership fee......
 It appears that everyone is blamed for her election loss, when all that was necessary was to take a look in the mirror.  It reads like a trip through Disneyland (for those old enough to remember the original theme park) specifically Fantasy Land and Tomorrow Land.  Perhaps the title should have been changed to "Who Cares"...  I know that there are those (i.e., in the Democratic Party) that believe this book isn't helpful at all, but maybe those people should have the courage to come forward and tell HRC that she should follow the advise from Douglas MacArthur --- that old politicians never die, they just slowly fade away...
 There were moments when I was slamming my fists on the table "WHY WHY WHY." I thoroughly enjoyed reading this even though it might be "too soon."
 Boring, very boring!
 Very Interesting! A++
 admirable woman.
 This book from gave me a very clear understanding of the processes of running for an elected office, and the ups and downs of being in the public eye.  It's hard to imagine how difficult it must be to be under such scrutiny for the whole world to see.  Hillary is a woman of immense integrity, and It saddens me greatly that we as a nation elected the least qualified person to be our president.  Everyone should read this book, even if you voted against her.
 This is a wonderful read! even if you believe you know all threes to know about Secretary Clinton, you will learn more and appreciate her more.
 Well written and a good rehashing of the situation we find ourselves in today.
 Enjoyed the thoughts and honesty of the author
 I will never understand why people don't like Secretary Clinton. She has devoted her life to her country. She will be remembered well in history.
 I loved this book.  I felt like I was talking to my mom (if my mom had ran for president) about her experiences, accomplishments, disappointments, etc.  Highly recommend it especially if you're a HRC fan like me.
 It's written Hillary style, telling it like it is.
 Great book.
 Secretary Clinton has failed to come to terms with what actually happened.  Her treatment of the tarmac meeting (the greatest unforced error in modern political history) was far too brief.  And the book is littered with demonstrably false statements.  She was a lawyer before she met Bill?  No.  The 30,000 deleted emails were all personal?  No.  No one read them before they were bleached.
 Interesting read
 Thought I knew the dark things happening during  2016 election. Clinton went way beyond what we only suspected. Now we know for sure how deeply Russia interfered with our election. Huge loss to our sovereign democracy.
 I thought this was a candid appraisal of the 2016 presidential election and so enjoyed the book.
 Interesting.  Learned some things.
 "What Happened", was a book filled with raw honest emotions from the person chiefly affected by the 2016 election outcomes. Throughout the book, there were times I wanted to scream, times when I cried tears of hurt, and times when I cried tears of joy. It was truly healing to read the perspective of Secretary Clinton and know that she felt the same, if not worse, as many other American citizens. It pained me to read that she felt she let the country down, but it was touching to know she truly cared so much. We must continue to move Onward Together!
 I don't know how Ms. Clinton sees the world as she does. The book is a tedious and repetitive defense of everything and everyone. How she doesn't get more pushback would have been the better subject of this book. Perhaps the book would have never been the book I'd wanted it to be or the book that helped me understand how she ticks or 'thinks'. It's too defensive and feels like a cold attorney parent making a case why you're not a good enough child considering what a great parent she is. Like I said, it's an odd read. It's a very strange narrative as if she had never existed in prior times (she's had a long career in politics and in the spotlight) but she comes across as if she was just sculpted out of a press release written in 2016. Very odd. We are all somewhat products of our history (things we have done and said and thought) and we are in many ways broken by these things and we mend and yet carry that pain but this isn't that at all. It's as if she lacks that quality that most everyone has. The more I talk about what is troubling about the book, the more I wonder if that's why so many people made her **it list. Maybe campaigning changes a person and she has done that twice, now. Both times not fully handing herself with the grace or strength she argues here again and again. At the end of the rather tedious and repetitive book, you don't walk away feeling you know her any better or frankly, want to get to know her in real life. I would've scrapped this version and started from scratch because it's impossible not to wonder who the real person is and how she makes sense of her own short comings and why she failed and lost. Maybe in the echo chamber that former secretary of state lives in is not the same echo chamber she thrives in yet that would've been a better book. Try it for yourself and ask yourself if you feel or know her any better. It's a very strange book. I urge others to read it if they can get through it.
 I enjoyed Hillary's honesty in  relating the process of conducting such an historical campaign.<br/>It was very enlightening.
 Hillary Clinton really took responsibility on her lost in 2016 Presidential race. I highly recommend this book to anybody that need a great book to read.
 Good book.  She is open and honest.<br/>Too bad Russia stole it .
 If I was US citizen I would definitely vote for you and I am really sorry and mad to see what happened during the elections and the fact that Trump won....I hope this book will serve as the first hand account for future generations to know what happened in 2016. Thank you Hillary for trying really hard to become the first female US President, as you said one day other woman will break the glass ceiling for sure.
 Hey, guess what....my initial post got deleted. What a waste of time this book. Excuses and blaming others. Save your time and money.
 Shame on the publisher.  Spelling errors on the sleeve and back cover.  Pages are poorly cut and not correctly lined up.  Content EXCELLENT!  Publishing, subpar.
 It's a book I will reread as it provides answers and steps to move on. Celebrate our flaws because they can make remarkable change. Glass does break.
 Well written with important insights
 Very interesting read, well written.  Provides humor and insight.
 Aweful! Totally out of touch with reality. Everyone is sick of hearing a 100 % biased perspective on what happened.
 This is the second review I am placing because Amazon is so unethical they are deleting negative reviews.<br/>I bought and read this book. In my opinion is nothing more than a series of excuses. Hillary makes it clear that she is incapable of examining herself but does a great job of laying blame on others.
 Nothing more than a repeat of what we heard during the campaign plus quotes from other authors.  Disappointing
 Hillary has blamed at least 100 people for her loss. Why do you keep deleting verified reviews?
 A view into a person most Americans could not understand or know. I sensed honesty and real perspective of what makes Hillary "Hillary", and what quality attributes molded her life and vision. Whether you voted for her or had cause for suspicion of who and why she was as a person...this book will leave you re-thinking and wondering why so much could be so misunderstood. A reasonable reflection on the 2016 election process and what was at the core of the world's most recognized personality.
 Bought this book for my sister and she enjoyed reading it.
 an overrated piece fiction.
 Have you ever wanted to erase someone from your life?  I sure have.  Relatives, co workers, high school friends who never left high school.  Whoever it is, buy this book and give it to them.  I did, for 9 of my least favorite humans, and haven't heard from them since.  This book is like a deadly poison: give it to somebody to effectively eliminate them from your life, forever!
 Love her or hate her, this was a good book for information if nothing else.
 I liked the memoir. I thought she shared many engaging experiences and some theories. The people that should read it are the people that won't. Had she been as personable as a candidate as she was a memoirist she might have won the election.
 Great read. Hurry up, though...it will soon be past history.
 Shame the events turned out the way they did. Love all of her books and hope she finds peace.
 Original review deleted: I thought this book was rather horribly written, it read like a first draft with long asides that don't lead to anything substantive.
 i am not at all impressed with this book. i actually bought it for my mother to read. she is quite the fan of hillary, but she only got ten percent through it. she thought it read like a resume. i am not sure i can even make it through ten percent. i wish i could get my money back.
 Too detailed, more than I needed to know concerning people I don't know
 Secretary Clinton let it all hang out. If it had been a bit shorter it would have been even better!
 I was very curious to see if this book was worth the hype and after downloading and reading the sample, I can honestly say it's horrible. Not only is this a 'woe is me' story, did HRC forget to hire a decent editor? I found three mistakes in just the preview alone and a 10 year old could do a better job with the writing. Have to love Amazon for allowing me to download a sample! I just saved myself some hard earned money!
 Looks like it's new at a fraction of the cost.
 Excellent documentation of her contribution to this country.
 half way through and good so far
 Bad stuff, that's what happened.
 Love seeing her swing back after such a government debacle of an election.
 How the heck can anyone truly like this book.  It is so drawn out and lame.  Anyone can tell that it was just tossed together in haste.  Very disappointed.
 Very Interesting read. Must Have by everyone who was upset at the elections results
 I just finished Hillary's book. I read it because I am fascinated with a women running for president and the differences she had to face compared to men who have run for president. There wasn't much I learned from the book that I did not already know about the election. I did learn some history about Hillary and her past, which was informative. I like that she took responsibility for the loss of the election, but also gave facts about other factors during the election that need to be brought to light. As Americans, we should all be worried about Russian interference in our country and elections. I agree that it's something to investigate. We can not put our heads in the sand and ignore this past year. I expect mostly Hillary supporters -- or non Trump folks -- will read this book. The best part is that she doesn't hold back her dislike for our current administration. I think it's worth the read.
 ok
 She should be our president. Great read by a great role model.
 This is just more of Hillary Clinton blaming everyone but herself for her loss.
 great buy
 One of the most insightful books I have ever read! You will learn a lot about what goes on inside politics!
 Hillary is always honest!
 Very interesting. Even when I know its her side of the story I see a lot of info that never came through at the debates or on TV.  We lost a chance to have a decent President.
 Was not only about the recent campaign and election, but a detailed look at how campaigns are run and financed.  Candid look at how marketing, TV and social media affect our opinions.  Fascinating look at politics, culture, prejudice, and trends in the U.S.
 I really enjoyed reading this book.  There were a lot of negative reviews.  I would be willing to bet a lot of them are Trump Trolls and didn't even bother reading the book.  That's what they did to Megyn Kelly (spelling?).<br/>She lists a number of reasons why she thinks she lost and I agree.  There isn't just one reason.  She also takes responsibility for her loss.  Quite a number of times.  (for those who say she won't take the blame)<br/>She also talks a little about Franklin Graham.  Paula White, F. Graham, Pat Robertson, and more are what Jesus called "vipers."  These so called religious leaders who stand with such a pathetic excuse of a human being as Trump have no sense of morals or values. If this guy doesn't have demons then there is no such thing as God.  People who claim, "he was a better choice than Hillary" are being ridiculous.  For one thing there were 16 people in the Republican primary...and Trump was their pick!!!  For another thing...they would have voted Republican no matter who it was because Republicans don't care about wrong from right.  All they care about is "party". Look at Alabama's Roy Moore! Some so called Christians are standing behind this accused child molester.  Unbelievable!<br/>Do I think she never lies?  There is no such thing as a politician who doesn't lie.  (But NONE more than Trump and this administration.)<br/>She is right about that awful Fox Network.  That is the biggest propaganda machine since Tokyo Rose!  Fair and balanced my eye.
 Terrific book if you’re interested in what she has to say.
 Whether one voted for Sec Clinton, or not, (which I did) and despite my concern that she might use this book as a pity party... I was quite impressed with how she took the reader on an insightful journey from why she feels the way she does about political issues to what she was thinking throughout the presidential campaign(s). I've read many of her books in the past, but this one really let's us see into the inner sanctum of her personality. Like her or not, it was a fascinating book. The audio by Clinton herself was appreciated.
 This book is phenomenal. It seems really genuine and honest, much more so than anything I’ve ever read from her. I’m not a huge fan of Hillary, but I think this book is worth your time no matter where you fall on the political spectrum! It definitely gave me a better appreciation for the former First Lady and Secretary of State.
 Good book. It really shows the real Hillary.  Interesting about campaigns and what really goes into them. A good read
 Hillary Clinton's views well-stated and thoughtful, her personal judgment as to why she didn't win the election.
 In spite of swimming in the political ocean of extreme confusion, and in spite of the fact that this lady has been slashed to bits by political cruelty---This book rates highly as a tribute to a  person who desperately tried to make a world, now reverted to insanity, to still have hope. There are two resounding facts that are obvious to fair and objective thinkers about this book, 1)  Despite mistakes politically this lady did try, and, 2) She should have never been in politics--- Only the rage of a King Kong or like monsters should wade into the battles that politics has now become---and the strength of truth must strike a deadly blow to the Bronze Age Mentality now engulfing the world of politics.  Can this be accomplished?  The book does suggest that---hope it is right.
 So very well-written and introspective. Definitely difficult to go back to election night and inauguration day, but the writing is so good and Hillary's strength and perseverance is inspiring.
 GOOD BOOK WITH INTERESTING INSIGHTS.
 Very Good
 This book was much more than I expected, covering a wide range of issues and challenges to her campaign.  It reflects an honest, human side of Clinton that she was not able to show on the campaign trail.  It's a heartbreaking read, but also the story of so many women.
 So good. It is a must read.
 Informative.  Love her take on things. Love her.
 alas....  what might have been
 wonderful read!
 Compelling. I hope she gets payback.
 Really good read.
 Very interesting!
 Very cathartic, thank you Secretary Clinton for your many years of service and giving your supporters a peek into how you made it through the most consequential Election of our lifetime being cheated out of what is rightfully yours!
 Great book, and a chance to mourn again the election of 2016. We could have had someone in office who really knew how the political world works.
 Fun reading
 I was nervous this book would be on the dry side, given Secretary Clinton's monotone speaking voice and deliberate and cautious speech. I was pleasantly surprised, however, but the quick flow of the book and the chapter devoted to her relationships with Bill and Chelsea Clinton. I felt Secretary Clinton honestly portrayed how she felt after the election. I was afraid she would be guarded, as she usually is, but she allowed her feelings to come through.
 She pretty much says it all in Her interviews, blames everyone but herself.
 I loved it. I cried from the beginning to the end!
 She accomplished so much and does not get the credit she deserves. Everyone should read this book to understand what a woman must endure in this country as opposed to men if you want to serve.
 Good old fashion politics.
 Highly recommend.  Reading this for me was cathartic.
 hillary is the queen of queens
 While I understand it is her opinion, it is an easy read.
 Quotes were taken out of context by the media and distorted -- the haters were quick to pounce.  If one reads the entire book, it is a heartfelt, sincere, and moving account of her experience.  It is a bit repetitive at times, but for those of us who wholeheartedly supported HRC, it is a cathartic and healing read.
 The beginning is the best part. She obviously should be our president , no matter her great flaws which we all have. She is basically brilliant...smarter that any man in politics and more self aware and disciplined. There was a little too much policy talk but others might really need that. Everyone should read this book.
 This book has become a real beacon during a really dark time in US history. So well written and a really honest portrayal of the efforts--and disappointments--of a monumental campaign toward the first woman US president. I cried no less than a dozen times reading it, and I'll read it again. Overall this is a book about triumph and overcoming unbelievable obstacles to push boundaries and remove barriers. I'm just thrilled with this purchase.
 History will see this as a moment in time when a significant percentage of our voting population became willfully ignorant and elected a desperately evil and sick man to be president of the United States of America. Hillary Rodham Clinton has had a front row seat. Read it and weep for the country that was and the country that might have been.
 Ordered for a friend. I am not a fan of Hillary.
 It is another book on her failures.  Enough already.  A decent read but at this point I am tired of her catharsis.
 First half is touchy feely, but the second half is a well constructed empirical indictment of all the internal and external forces that collided and aligned to pull off the greatest political upset of modern times.
 God this was so hard to read...thoughtful, insightful, articulate, straightforward, and honest, in such stark contrast to the man she lost to. Most pages left me wistful about what could have been, and reliving 2016 through her narrative left me in tears more than once, but there’s so much we need to internalize so *this* “What Happened” never happens again.
 A very insightful book.
 First Lady of Arkansas, FLOTUS, Senator, Secretary of State, and winner of the second largest popular vote in US history. Enough said.
 Great review of these last two years. A Legacy of a brave woman. May she continue to lead  through these difficult times.
 I was very moved by Hillary's openness and transparency in the inner chamber of the 2016 Presidential election. I was always in her camp and wished there was a different ending to her story and this country 's. She is one of the most intelligent women I have ever seen with a spine made out of titanium!! I'm so glad I had the privilege to pull the lever for her, because it will be a long time before we will have another candidate with the qualifications that she had.  And I am glad she admitted to her mistakes, because she did make many of them, like most mortals!  Truly America's loss!! I'm thankful she has shared her story, because she has a right to be heard, and we have a lot to learn from her, good and bad. ONWARD TOGETHER!!
 This book is a great account of Hillary's experiences during her presidential campaign and her shocking, terrible loss. It's very detailed and it gets repetitive in some parts but it's still a great book by the woman who should have been president of the United States. It's one of the best political books I've read in a long time and it's one of Hillary's best.
 so glad I took the time to read this book...now I have a better picture of what happened.
 Excellent book. It really put the 2016 election in perspective. Thank you Hillary!
 I enjoyed reading HRC's book.
 It was good to read Ms. Clinton's perspective of what she thought happened to her failed run for president.
 Great book...gives incites to the election of 201.
 Great  behind the scenes book! Very thought provoking.
 Very clear about mistakes made and who made them. No denying her own faults. Still a woman I feel should be in the White House. I would vote for her anytime. My caveat: I'm a very passionate Democrat and I feel she would have honored the office of the President.
 I coupled this with the audible and enjoyed it.  It is opinion, Hillary states that quite clearly, but it is written in a way to help her sort through what happened and get on with her life.  Details are well researched, and when she writes about the debates, well she states the things I was wondering, too.  I am not a Hillary fan, nor did I vote for President Trump, but I enjoyed the back story presented in this book. A good read!
 Read this, and weep. The most-qualified person in history is not our President, and likely will never be our President. This book is stunning in its "what-might-have-been". Clinton's service, policies, and dedication are well laid out, and she writes a compelling story about why that was not enough. Clinton also gives a short blueprint on what we must do next, and how to get back to what is important in this country. Especially read it if you are not a Clinton supporter.
 Excellent book by an extraordinary woman who deserved to be elected President in 2016.
 Very much enjoyed the book. Have admired her public service and personal experience very much a cautionary tale for America.
 I almost ordered the wrong one<br/>By mistakes<br/>Mrs Clinton<br/>blames Comey<br/>we blame the video<br/>of them carrying her into the limo<br/>on the verge of death
 Well written, thoughtful and honest. This book dissects the 2016 Presidential campaign from Hillary Clinton’s perspective. Honest, clear and positive.
 interesting read
 What Happened is exactly what its title implies: Hillary Clinton’s effort to, in her words, “try to explain how I understand what happened  during the 2016 presidential election], both the unexpected interventions that swung the race at the end, and the structural challenges that made it close to begin with.” It’s a long book - clocking in at just under 500 pages - but worth a read if you supported her candidacy or were disappointed with the election results. (Let’s be clear here: this book is not partisan.) What Happened revisits Clinton’s loss as the Democratic nominee in 2008, the four years she spent as Secretary of State, and then her eventual loss in 2016 - interspersed with observations and a critical eye toward how she’s portrayed in the media and in politics. When I read the book in 2017 - just under a year from Trump’s win - I still felt raw with missed opportunities (let’s be clear here, too, I am not partisan). But I believe that What Happened was Clinton’s attempt to process her own campaign loss, and it helped me in the same way. She is unflinchingly honest about her own shortcomings but also deservedly proud of her accomplishments - and one hell of a writer.
 Great read ...thank you for your truths.
 I read it online through my library and decided to order copies for my daughter and granddaughter.  I found it very interesting.  I imagine the readers who gave it a bad review were not Hillary supporters to begin with, and if they disliked it that much, they probably didn't read it for very long.
 Those who come to this boom for the definitive account of the 2016 campaign is looking in the wrong place.  Here you will find the rationale behind the decisions of the Clinton camp, some insights into how Hillary herself saw the barriers and obstacles on her pathway to the presidency, and how she's dealt with its loss. All in all, a powerful story and an important first draft of history.
 I have both the audio and the hardback. Love them both for different reasons. Authentic real talk with no reading between the lines required. I love that. Eloquent. A reminder of what could have been. Nice to know that she was thinking what I was thinking at the same exact moments.
 It was fascinating learning how the "most qualified person in the country" is a victim of the same Russians she sold 25% of our Uranium mines to.  I never realized this powerful pants suit aficionado would lose only because of other white women, Bernie Sanders, Barack Obama, Jill Stein, James Comey, poor voter data, voter suppression, sexism, racism, the New York Times, that G-dforsaken electoral college, bad polling, voter ID laws, gullible Americans, and most of all, fake news. To think this strong, dynamic, deep thinking, selfless humanitarian could have been our POTUS brings actual tears to me eyes. My only solace is that now she and her loving life partner Bill can now spend more quality time together.  I hear a close personal friend has offered them a second honeymoon on his private Little Saint James island, it's well deserved!
 Hillary's spirit comes through.
 I was bored, time to move on!
 Every young voter,especially women should read this and pick up the banner!!!!
 I was heartbroken by the 2016 election. Reading this book was like getting a warm hug while sipping hot chocolate by the fire. This is a comforting, uplifting book that speaks really well to its audience - Hillary fans :)
 Self-analysis is punishing, and more so when one's failure stuns the world. Mrs. Clinton finally must know who she really is, and hopefully will press on undaunted. This is an important book, a must-read.
 Good read for a very talented and trustworthy woman...Hillary
 A necessary contemporary account of the presidential campaign of Hillary R. Clinton by Secretary Clinton.  Time will tell how accurate the claims are.  At the least, it is a chronicle of the time when qualifications for political office had less value than having a male figurehead with no impulse control, unable to delegate tasks to competent advisers, and no ability to apply strategic thinking to his various pronouncements as president of the United States.<br/>The CD set had no written index of tracks/chapters for the 14 disks.  Disk 9 had a +/- 3 minute audio defect causing increased static until the narration was not understandable.
 Boring. Couldn’t read it.
 I feel as if I know Hillary on a personal level after reading this book. I respect her more than I ever have. I felt she was really sharing her feelings and I wish she was president.
 I bought this as a white elephant gift in the hopes that someone in my very republican family would receive it and be butthurt by it. That's exactly what happened. My grandfather who is very outspoken about his disdain for democrats, got this book. His face turned red and I was afraid he was having some kind of aneurysm. He started sweating really bad. When his blood pressure lowered he stared at the book in bewilderment, and then conducted a thorough ocular patdown of everyone in the room. I am probably a sadist because of the joy I felt to witness how upset he got over this.
 Reading this book now and am enjoying it.
 Great insight into the background of running a presidential campaign and the personal life behind making the decisions. She is a fantastic writer and very engaging.
 Easy to read detail of what really happened and why it turned out the way it did
 Great book
 very goo
 A great read!
 Not the scholarly book I expected from her.  Light reading
 Amazing. Personal. In depth.
 Interesting read.
 A must read for all Americans who are concerned about the democracy of our country.<br/><br/>After reading this book, I am even more heartbroken that the intelligent, caring human being, Hillary Clinton is not our President.
 A great read and very cathartic.
 I loved the insights and details I learned from reading this book. For anyone still trying to dissect why the US 2016 General Election went the way it did, this is a must read. This book is an excellent way to cut through the daily noise that is trying to dissect it via the internet, podcasts, or television.
 Well written, easy read. Good for those of us asking "What Happened", and seriously we are stuck with this douche in office?
 Good job. No complaints.
 Have read and love all of her books.
 Clear and honest assessment.
 I found myself angry at times and  filled with pride other times. Angry this book had to be written, but proud to be a part of this movement.
 Hillary is super smart and a well balanced person full or personal responsibility and decency.
 book was exactly what I expected...nonsense written by someone who expected something other than what they got and still doesn't want to understand the real reasons why.  This book was just like the election, very disappointing.
 Loved it
 ot Great book. All I could think is she should be in the WH not the nutjob there now.
 Great
 In reading this book I took several notes, which ended up being more than I thought I would. Here are some of her statements that I took issue with:<br/>  "In 2005, he (Trump) invited us to his wedding to Melania in Palm Beach, Florida. We weren't friends, so I assumed he wanted as much star power as he could get. Bill happen to be speaking in the area that weekend, so we decided to go. Why not? I thought it would be fun, gaudy, over-the-top spectacle, and I was right. I attended the ceremony, then met Bill for the reception at Trump's Mar-A-Lago estate. We had our photo taken with the bride and groom and left." Hillary considering herself star power at this event seems a little hypocritical, if she felt this way why did she go? Trump was no threat to her and her senatorial position, why couldn't she just admit that she wanted to go? Besides that they probably got the people who were paying him for doing the speech to pay for the trip anyway.<br/>  "On the campaign trail, I offered ideas that I believed what address many of the underlying causes of discontent and help make life better for all Americans. But I couldn't - and wouldn't - compete to stoke people's rage and resentment. I think that's dangerous. It helps leaders who want to take advantage of that rage to hurt people rather than help them. Besides, it's just not how I'm wired. Maybe that's why Trump was now delivering the inaugural address and I was sitting in a crowd." This is totally disingenuous, Hillary Clinton couldn't address the discontent with people because she didn't understand it and she may have never felt it. In the book gallery recounts  buying the house next door so that her daughter's family would have room when they come to visit or space for the Secret Service staff who protected her husband, in addition to recounting the numerous trips throughout the globe visiting friends and enjoying whatever was available to them, not necessarily with people like you and I but of those in the 1% which Bill and she are apart of. Hillary believed that this election was her coronation and did little to win the election. " before 2016, we'd never elected a President who flagrantly used to abide by the basic standards of democracy and decency. If I was the best qualified candidate, had good ideas about the future, held my own on the trail and in the debates, and demonstrated a capacity to get things done with both Republicans and Democrats, it was reasonable to believe I could get elected and be able to govern effectively. That's why I ran." She also noted " there are also some warning signs to worry about. While my approval ratings were high, just 44% of the voters said they trusted me to be their voice in Washington. That told us that some people respected me but weren't sure I was in it for them." Which means that 56% of the people didn't trust her and by the time her now spent most made that was actually around 61% which is a huge clue as to one of the main issue should have addressed during her campaign.<br/>  In discussing the large turnout for women's March on Washington directly after President Trump's inauguration she queried: "Yet I couldn't help but ask where those feelings of solidarity, outrage, and passion had been during the election." Very simply put she did nothing to unite her base or unite anyone to get out and vote for her.<br/>  Clinton stated that after the election more than two dozen women have approached her and apologized for not voting or not doing more to help her campaign. "These people were looking for absolution that I just couldn't give we all have to live with the consequences of our decisions." I don't think those two dozen people could have helped with the outcome of the election. I also believe she was confusing absolution with sympathy, unfortunately her ego got in the way, again.<br/>  Clinton followed that statement by questioning how 62 million Americans could vote for Trump. ... "Why did the media decide to present the controversy over my emails as one of the most important political stories since the end of World War II? How did I let that happen? How did we?"<br/>  How did I let that happen? How did WE? What reality is this woman living in? She was in total control over that email issue and always told the public there was no story. She lied. Hillary's problem all along is that she lies and instead of telling the truth. She was also in total control of the Democratic National committee's Funds. It's part of the condition for bailing them out of there multimillion-dollar debt she decided where the money went to be spent and none of that money was seen in the battleground states to get out the vote!<br/>  "... More than in any race I can remember, we were constantly buffeted by events: from the email controversy, to WikiLeaks, to mass shootings and terrorist attacks. There was no such thing as a "normal day," and the Press didn't cover "normal" campaign speeches. What they were interested in was a steady diet of conflict and scandal. As a result, when it came to driving a consistent message, we were fighting an uphill battle." I guess she should have referred to the keep it simple stupid approah such as Trump's "Make America Great Again!"<br/>  Hillary states that she and her team battled to win the popular vote. Any Democratic candidate running for president who has read the Constitution, or paid any attention to the 2000 presidential election between Bush and Al Gore knows that you do not win elections by winning the popular vote you win them by winning the Electoral College.<br/>  "Democrats were playing by the rules and trying too hard not to offend the political press. Republicans were chucking the rule book out the window and working the refs as hard as they could." The political press was in Hillary's pocket throughout the entire campaign. The political press was  calling Donald Trump a clown and stupid and stating he would never be president.<br/>  "We needed the political skill to restrain uncheck greed while diffusing the most destructive impulses of resurgent populism." TRIPE, DRIVEL, GARBAGE, HYPOCRISY!!! Again, Clinton bailed out the DNC and controlled the budget of the DNC throughout the 2016 election based on money that she and Bill got from the 1% America's richest corporations in addition to donations that may have been received from the Clinton Foundation from other countries waiting for that last one to be proved by investigations.<br/>  Hillary's real thoughts are somewhat hidden on page 81 but are clearly stated. Referencing a story written by E.J. Dionne, " Hillary Clinton is making a bet and issuing a challenge. The bet is that voters will pay more attention to what she can do for them then to what her opponents will say about her ... we know now that I lost that bet - not because of Republican came along and made a more credible counter-offer to middle-class voters but because Donald Trump did something else: appeal to the ugliest impulses of our national character. He also made false promises about being on the side of the working people." This is where that deplorable comment would come in regarding Trump supporters<br/>  "Both sexism and misogyny are endemic in America. If you need convincing, just look at the YouTube comments or Twitter replies when a woman dares to voice of political opinion or even just share an antidote from her own lived experience." The statement is somewhat hypocritical when the Democratic party clings to rappers and other artists that spout lyrics that are written to objectify and sexualize women.<br/>  Page 289 chapter heading "Those Damn Emails."<br/>"In fact, if you are turned on a network new cast in 2016, you were three times more likely to hear about those emails then about all the real issues combined. ... I tried endlessly to explain that I acted in good faith. I tried to apologize, though I knew the attacks being lobbed at me or untrue and wildly overstated, and motivated motivated by partisan politics. ... it was a dumb mistake. But an even dumber "scandal"."<br/>  By page 314 she was blaming Anthony Weiner for the FBI release of information that Huma Abedin's State Department emails were found on his computer. Huma apparently said "This man is going to be the death of me." But Anthony Weiner would not have the access or the ability to put those emails on the computer, only Huma Abedin did. As always,  it's somebody else's fault, does anybody take responsibility for anything?<br/>  "As hard as it is to believe or explain, my emails were the story of 2016." However in the next chapter Hillary painstakingly describes  how sophisticated the Russian hacking teams were at infiltrating the DNC and allegedly our election itself. So why is it hard for her to believe that her irresponsible and reckless handling of her State Department emails  was deemed a "scandal?"<br/>  Like Jan Brady, HRC cries Russia!  Russia! Russia! Putin and Russia are getting involved and trying to influence American elections. Anyone who reads a newspaper or watches television knows that Russia and other Bad actors have been trying to influence American elections and hack into our computer systems for decades.<br/>  For Hillary Clinton to decry Russia and their negative involvement with our country is disingenuous, untruthful and hypocritical. Under the Obama Administration and Hillary Clinton's tenure as Secretary of State they both knowly involved themselves in the deal to sell 20% of America's uranium to Russia and Putin through a third party. We now know that Russia has been doing everything they can to forward the nuclear advancement of Iran's nuclear arsenal and would not be surprised to know they have probably transferred uranium to Iran so that they can have a nuclear bomb if they don't have it already. Obama and Clinton did everything they could between 2008 and 2012 to tell the American public that Russia was our friend and ally, including Obama criticizing Mitt Romney when he stated that Russia was our biggest geopolitical threat. However her book details that they've known all along what a bad actor Putin was and is.<br/>  In summing up this chapter Hillary states; " I know some will dismiss everything in this chapter as me trying to shift blame for my loss in 2016." Ya think!<br/>  These are all the explanations to explain what happened. In no way did she accept any personal responsibility for her loss. Throughout this book she threw everybody under the bus and specifically had a double standard a behavior for others and herself. As someone who was not a Trump fan and was a never Hillary person (since the 1990's) this book gave me headache after headache and I felt my blood boil throughout because in her role as a public servant it was never about serving the American public it was about serving herself.<br/>  The only blame she even refers to comes late in the book on page 386: I blame myself my worst fears about my limitations as a candidate had come true. ... I have been unable to connect with the Deep anger so many Americans felt or shake the perception that I was the candidate of the status quo. And look what they're thrown at me. I wasn't just running against Donald Trump. I was up against the Russian intelligence apparatus, the misguided FBI director, and now the godforsaken Electoral College. ... a Democrat would win more votes but be robbed by this archaic fluke of our constitutional system. I've been saying since 2000 Electoral College gave disproportionate power to less populated states and therefore profoundly undemocratic..."<br/>  FYI, constitutional legal expert, "Hans von Spakovsky,  noted in a paper on the Electoral College: “In creating the basic architecture of the American government, the Founders struggled to satisfy each state’s demand for greater representation while attempting to balance popular sovereignty against the risk posed to the minority from majoritarian rule."" And for those of you who do not remember we live in a Republic not a Democracy.<br/>  "Many of the political media don't want to hear about how these things tip the election in the final days. They say their beef is that I'm not taking responsibility for my mistakes - but I have, and I do again throughout this book. Their real problem is they can't bear to face their own role in helping elect Trump, from providing him free airtime to give you my email 3 times more coverage than all the other issues affecting the people's lives combined."<br/>  The chapter titled "Why" has interesting subheaders such as "What Explains Trump's Support?" Basically states that how could 62 million people vote for Trump who knew that he was unfit for the job. "Economic Anxiety or Bigotry," we are Clinton compares the basket of deplorables to those that believe that blacks are not motivated or have the willpower to pull themselves out of poverty. She cited a University of Chicago study to make this comparison but somehow does not understand it is eerily similar to  the comment that Romney made in the 2012 election when he said that 49% of the voters would not vote for him because of this issue.<br/><br/>A few take away quotes which I thought were interesting.<br/><br/>In referring to Bill Clinton's inauguration she wrote, "It could not have been easy for George H.W. and Barbara to watch, but they have been extremely gracious to us.  The outgoing president left a letter for Bill in the Oval Office that is one of the most decent and patriotic things I've ever read,  "Your success now is our country success I am rooting hard for you," he wrote." It's a shame that Hillary and Obama  couldn't have been as gracious.<br/><br/>In referring to election night and going over her acceptance speech she stated, " One challenge was how to balance the need to reach out to Trump voters and sound a note of reconciliation, while also giving my supporters the triumphant victory celebration they deserved.... most of all, I wanted to reassure Americans about the strength of our democracy."<br/><br/>In describing her conciliatory call to Trump on Election night; " Donald, it's Hillary. ... I congratulated Trump and offer to do anything I could to make sure the transition was smooth."<br/><br/>"What would I (HRC) have said if it were me up there? ... I would have relished the chance to move beyond the campaign, reach out to all Americans regardless of who they voted for, and offer a vision of national reconciliation, shared opportunity, and inclusive prosperity."<br/><br/>I guess she changed her mind.
 Not at all a whiner book. I thought it was extremely honest.
 Heartfelt frustrations eloquently expressed. Not enough acknowledgment of other great women who have crashed through the glass ceiling. Obviously written for Americans.
 A great book.  Thank goodness she wrote it.  Now please, a sequel, called WHAT REALLY HAPPENED, now that it's becoming more and more clear.
 It was insightful.  Since I have read the book, some of the surprises have become news items.
 like
 Excellent book. Glad I bought and read this book.  It’s well written, easy to read and interesting.
 Hillary gives an honest account of the 2016 race for the White House and she answers many of our most nagging questions... a beneficial read!
 Interesting read.
 nice wallett, good quality
 Well-written, honest, and hopeful for a much better future in U.S. politics.  Devastating to Trump and his apologists, who of course dismiss and belittle it.
 Hillary Clinton's new book was thoroughly enjoyable.  I felt like she was talking to me.
 Still reading the book.  A little slow
 Another great book from Hillary, who is an inspiration for today’s world. What a different world 2017/2018 would have been, we look back with regret. Hillary will be back just like Eleanor, and I can’t wait for that day.
 I highly recommend the audiobook to print. It's much more impactful to hear her emphasis and humor.
 Best read yet!!!! I felt like I was having a conversation with Hillary - couldn’t put it down.
 Mrs. Clinton is a very intelligent , giving , insightful woman who fought hard for this country.  We failed her and as a result we have a monster in the White House who is being enabled by the Republican Party.  #resist.
 No comment, gave as a gift.
 good
 Hillary is quite candid in her retrospective. It is ironic that she is accused of dishonesty which simply by force of repetition of the accusation seems to persuade so many. Despite so many instances of people undermining her campaign Hilary shows no bitterness.
 Great background no matter your politics
 I can't say enough good things about this book. I was not always a Hillary supporter. When it came time to pull the lever I spent over 40 hrs clicking through every vote she made in the senate. This is all public record and very tedious. The bills are named things that don't tell you what the hell they are and so on each one has to read the bill too. TEDIOUS but....this was the least I could do to pick the next leader of our country. I found that I agreed with her votes over 90%! I also researched her work from her entire life, as I did the other candidates. And analytically chose the person most qualified: Hillary. all very cool headed. This book is a joy for me to hear her tell her experiences in life, on the road, in the campaign, her marriage, her explanations of WTF happened. Certainly if you suppprt Hillary you really will enjoy it. If you don't you should also - it's a person telling you why she cared to climb that very hard steep unforgiving hill. It's an extraordinary thing to run for president, the first woman to do so, after being the first woman to do so many things. It's just a great story! She was First Lady, a congresswoman, secretary of State ...and was elected by the popular vote. It's a story of firsts that deserves to be heard and enjoyed. I'm reading it and listening to it an audible. I wasn't sure I'd like that she reads it but I got used to it and now I'm glad she did. Highly recommend
 as represented
 Excellent book.
 I read through the book with the hope of finding a pretty lucid and clear explanation of what really happened during the campaign and election and after the election in the voice of the true protagonist.<br/>Whilst I appreciated the details and anedoctes and the quotations, what I didn't like very much was the constant self pitying and the constant recall to how prepared and perfect was candidate Clinton for the job. At the end it looks like a constant going back to find an answer which at the end of the book is not found. All sounds like a long wining message. With that title I was supposed to find a bit more objectivity, which I must acknowledge I would not be able to find if not in a book that will be written in 10 years and from an independent journalist.
 I received the book quickly and all went smooth.
 Very interesting book, I read it, now my husband is reading it on his Kindle.
 Book delivered in great condition. Interesting read.
 I bought this as a birthday gift for my host mom
 Epic of an still unfolding tragedy with worldwide repercussions.
 Great book. That's all I've got to say.
 As painful as it was to re-live, this book is an  Open, Honest, introspective look-back at “what hapoened” !
 I found this extensive overview of the 2016 presidential campaign extremely fascinating, informative, and enlightening. I am convinced that Hillary was highly qualified and possessed the character to be an effective and admired United States president That our nation was robbed of her capable leadership by foreign intervention, wildly false accusations, and the devious actions of disparaging males in high places is a tragedy that we are currently struggling to endure. The author’s candor, humility, and resilience are eloquently expressed and give the reader a window into the soul of a genuine friend of humanity. I recommend it to anyone with an open mind who wonders what happened in the 2016 United States presidential election.
 Writing is very hard to follow.  Ideas have a tendency to jump around.
 I said several years back that if the Democratic party nominated Hillary Clinton it would be a mistake.  There is simply too much will against her and her husband's legacy in the country.  But I was wrong.<br/><br/>She lost, as I feared.  And she lost to a man I still--no matter how I try and listen, think, re-align, and rethink--cannot imagine any American voting for.  Yes, I too have doubted nearly every career politician.  I too, even as a Liberal, want the immigration laws changed so that people coming in are doing so legally, with the sort of pride my people emigrated with not more than 2 generations ago--wanting to come to America, to join a country, its way of living, and work to make it better, not change it at its core.  I too stand by my right to keep and bear arms (even though I also want laws that prevent felons and those on the Do Not Fly List from purchasing guns, and that include a waiting period for a thorough background check).  I enjoy a strong economy, most do.  But even with those common concepts shared with the platform of DT, still, it was clear to me, Not This Man.<br/><br/>I voted for Hillary, but I was never certain about her.  I was certain she was the right choice over the alternative.<br/><br/>But after this year of considering our situation, our current leadership, and of reading and watching varied sources of information, I am now certain that we are under attack, being manipulated, and are in danger of truly losing what we have known as a generally peaceful society (with much work in that direction left to be done), a respected nation, a global leader for good, for justice and common ground among all peoples.  The direction we are being lead is not about the people.  The safety nets are all being ripped down as fast as the current Conservative leadership can manage, no matter how they have to lie, hide, mislead, buy, or strong arm.  They are not a leadership of truth and good for all, but a regime of the rich and the hateful.  I am sorry, but a study of what is being done (not just claimed) tells in very short order that the people are the last consideration.<br/><br/>So, I thought, who is she?  What would it have been like with her at the helm?  Is she honest?  Is she simply looking for power?  Can she be a killer, a conspirator, a liar?<br/><br/>I know, I know... reading a person's words doesn't prove anything.  They are all actors, professional manipulators, the most evil of the evilist. Right?<br/><br/>Hillary Rodham Clinton WAS the person we needed.  More so, I believe, than anyone currently in sight.  After reading this book, I see it.  She is a feminist, but she honors good men.  She is a public servant with a mission, not a power mongering illness, and she has kept herself focused on doing good in her life.  Her words make too much sense.  Not a sentence rings untrue.  Do we need more of a change than even she may be visualizing and working toward?  I thought so, but now I don't.  If given the ability and the support to fully develop the ideas she has, I think we would be on the trail of  common prosperity, a building and a unification--where as what we now have to deal with is a high speed heist down a lonely highway.  There is no comparison.<br/><br/>The first chapters are slow to me, given over to an explanation of what it felt like to lose, to this person.  It's worth reading because it brings into view the living breathing person about to write what she writes.  The remaining chapters are insightful, intelligent, respectful, and pointed.  I agree with her pretty completely.<br/><br/>The issue that she lost is over.  I do believe that the electoral college has to go.  One citizen, one vote.  Where you choose to live within the country should not have a bearing on the power of your individual vote.  But leaders from one region of America do need to fully understand and assist with the needs of ALL Americans.  (Exactly what is NOT happening right now).<br/><br/>The issue that she lost is over, but the work for EVERY American has only begun.  Read, many sources, such as this book.  Watch, listen, think.  This is not our road.  But this book details a road that CAN be followed.  This book details the thinking of the type of leader we do need.  Her America is the one I thought I was once living in, and the one I want to realize, and be part of.  Nominating Hillary Rodham Clinton was not a mistake, but the best thing we could have done.  It was a move, an unrealized move at this time, but a move in the right direction.
 Reading Hillary Rodham Clinton's book WHAT HAPPENED has me more alarmed about Trump being President than I was before, especially reading the disclosures she makes about the influence that Russian President Vladimir Putin was allowed to have in that election. That aspect is sheer incredible, and I have every intention of highly recommending that book to others. One other aspect that is commendable in this book is the faith that Hillary Clinton shows despite the defeat. Throughout the campaign, I felt helpless at not being able to do more in the campaign, but Hillary's faith gives me the strength to go on in spite of all this adversity.
 I learned so much from this book as to how hard it is for a woman, even well known for her knowledge and respect for our country, to overcome the  basic knowledge of so many men that “she is only a woman”!  Breaks my heart.
 What happened, indeed!  First, Hillary Clinton is an exceptionally intelligent, intuitive and introspective woman.  She has the ability to observe the many layers of things going on around her.  This is because she truly wants to understand the dynamics of all situations.  And, also because she truly cares about people and their circumstances.  She wants to understand how she can make a difference for everyone.  In order to be a good at anything, I believe a certain amount of openness is required - an open mind and an open heart - and a willingness to deeply listen and to learn.  She has that ability.  She also has a good dose of common sense and a huge amount of intuition.  Without the ability to listen to your gut, your mind and your heart, you aren't able to see what people need or what is needed to bring about a change for the better.  She is a wonderful writer and is able to express her thoughts and feelings coherently.  I'm so glad I read this book!
 The longer tRump is in office, the more I see what a loss we've experience by not electing Hillary. She offers a lot of introspection on why her efforts failed, but she also had many good ideas for moving us forward. I was moved to tears by various sections. She wasn't perfect, but she was certainly the most qualified.This book offers an excellent insight into her philosophies and policies.
 I've never read any books by Hillary Clinton before.  I found this incisive and interesting.
 A fascinating inside look at the issues and perceptions in a campaign.
 It is her view . Those that belittle her for the book also most likely do the same even without the book to criticize. She was the first women running on a parties ticket with a chance of winning. As such this book is worthy of my interest. I am  interested in women's history and have read about many U. S. women from the colonies to present day. She gave a look into our politics from a women's inside view. Of course she blames people and things for her defeat besides her self. What do you expect? Remember she is not a polished writer she was an activist politician.  I am glad I read it. I am glad I bought it.
 This is a most remarkable book in many ways - first and foremost, it's as though you are having a one on one conversation with HRC, rather than reading a book! I was very pleased to see that she accepted full responsibility for her mistakes. The narrative gives a full picture of exactly "what happened"!
 Loved it. I miss her.
 Although reliving the 2016 election was painful, reading the book helped heal some open wounds. Great read!
 This book details the harrowing crash of Hilary Clinton's bid for the American presidency.  History will show the deceit, anger and attempts to plunder her reputation and the hard work She did to help those who need a hand to rise up in our country. You may not agree with her views, but you will see her rise up again.
 Fantastic book a must read for every woman.
 I wanted to read it.
 Essential reading. Well thought out and clearly presented. All it takes is an open mind for voters to begin to understand why we ended up in the mess we are in. And begins to teach how we will make things right.
 Loved it.
 If you can put aside your emotions/political feelings, and read the book for its intellectual value, it’s worth it. There’s very thoughtful content about systemic sexism in our society, some interesting sections about Russian involvement (and the impact on future elections) and lots of interesting commentary on American values that were/should/could be the bedrock of our society. All very relevant regardless of your political leanings.<br/><br/>For my advertising friends, there’s lots of of very interesting components that one could take back to work.<br/><br/>If you want to read the book as a political junkie or someone who just wants to watch a car crash of epic proportions (which was my initial desire) it seems very balanced but as a big fan of the Clinton’s it didn’t change my feelings about the election. She should have won but she made crucial mistakes. Lack of understanding her own image, severely underestimating her opponent, those damn emails (which I still do not believe her on), etc.<br/>I will say this... I like her more. It’s a shame she felt like she couldn’t let some components of her true personality come out during the election (maybe because of the sexism I mentioned earlier) but if anything, the book made me believe she was even a stronger candidate then I thought back then. It’s very hard for me to shake the feeling that we lost a great American Presidency.
 Okay, sometimes it's a slow read, that's the four star part instead of five, but just keep going because it pays dividends!  At most other times the book sprints along and lays bare the awful terrain Hillary was faced with during the campaign, what she was up against from multiple sources, what it's like to be a woman in politics,and how she decided to navigate through all of it.  Since the outcome has been so far-reaching, it should be incumbant upon us to travel back and in retrospect to see what happened with her as our guide.<br/><br/>All in all, as Carl Bernstein has said on CNN, it is an admirable book. And it is a thoughtful book filled with what is so lacking today, a serious look at policy and how that policy actually affects the lives of Americans.  That most Americans were unable to hear the real issues in a campaign laden with the air of a Reality TV experience fogged by an over abundance of unsubstantiated flack initiated by the Trump campaign, and sullied by other sources such as the alt-right and Russian interests subsidized by the cable media, is not surprising. So hearing what she thinks about it all is probably the first taste many Americans have gotten that can shed light on who Hillary Clinton really is.<br/><br/>And in the closing stages of the book, as you have traveled the road along with her, you have an all encompassing sense of the serious, dedicated, warm person she is. In light of the scurrilous unfounded accusations and unrelenting attacks of the last thirty years, she remains someone who has never been knocked out without getting back up.  She has been remarkably consistent over her career and, by the way, according to all fact checkers, remarkably truthful. This book, and I especially reccommend it to Trump voters who are feeling a little shakey in their judgements ( if they promise to read the whole thing and not just the first couple of pages) is a look at how a very admirable woman has remained sane and hopeful and dedicated to finding all the truths that culminate in the question, "What Happened?" The answer to that will eventually change the fate of the country, if it hasn't already.
 I agree with Bill Clinton
 Interesting, vital; important pieces to the puzzle.
 Enjoyed it!
 I expected this book to be well written, but wow.  Well researched and organized, I ache with what might have been.  Her persistent hopefullness and sense of empowerment is infectious.
 Pitch perfect from the most consequential woman on the planet. An amazing book.
 Love her, love this book. Very informative and beautifully written.
 One gets to know Hilary as genuine, caring, and tireless civil servant in this behind the scenes memoir of her life leading up to the 2016 presidential election.
 This book is insightful for understanding the 2016 election. But must not be overlooked that it also a testimony as to how Hillary Clinton uses her faith. Well worth the read!
 It was painful to relive election night 2016, but also cathartic. I very much enjoyed this thoughtful and nuanced look at the 2016 election, and what we do going forward.
 I'm a big fan of Hillary Clinton, I was very excited to read this book..i absolutely loved it..She really put it all out there, good and bad. Alot of raw emotions, and well written..
 Awesome book. If course I voted for her and what a different world it would be olif she would be been elected! She had no excuses no what ifs... she told it like it was. I have so much respect for this woman who has always stood for those who are the forgotten. Love her!
 This is so well-written and personal. I enjoyed it immensely!
 As someone that experienced a lot of the contents working on the campaign myself. I can say this really nails a fair amount of what we were feeling internally. It's good to hear the boss express her frustrations and feelings after seeing her face obstacles with extraordinary grace at nearly every turn.
 Good information  for others running for office.<br/>Not a blame game but rather a description of literally, What Happened.
 Great read.  Feel like I’ve been vindicated in how I’ve always thought about Hillary Clinton.  She’s a smart woman who has her heart in the right place.  She’s fought an uphill battle against sexism, men that are threatened by her and people who are willing to believe the lies and propaganda the right wing trash rags have written about her.
 Great Book. It does not only offer a reason to wy Hillary lost the elections, but about what could have been, had she become the first wowan President.
 Excellent.  Insightful.  Smart!  Highly recommend.
 Very interesting.
 I am a Hillary fan and I wanted to know “what happened “.
 Having cried at the state of our country post-election for so many reasons, I really wanted to get her take on "What Happened". This book is exactly what the title described, in an easy to follow cohesive timeline chunked out in categories. I highly recommend this for everyone to read, including Trump supporters. I took issue with a couple things she stated, which weren't wrong but didn't fully include the whole picture, and am grateful for her taking the time to put herself through the experience of writing this book.
 I have yet to receive my order (lost somewhete?) but read via library copy. It is well written and informative read.
 love love love! great read! very juicy
 Pretty good
 Good read, and definitely worth the extra bucks to get narated version.... spoken by Clinton herself!<br/>Definitely a "RECOMMEND"!
 Well written and interesting
 Hillary Clinton, to me, is one of the most respected and inspiring people in the world. Notice I said people rather than women. Like millions of other Americans, I was nauseated and terrified by Trumps win, especially since she was the first candidate I’d ever campaigned for.<br/><br/>As I write this, in January 2018, I’m praying that the new book Fire and Fury will finally be the last straw and escalate the inevitable impeachment. Oh how different a world this would be if this remarkable woman had broken her glass ceiling.<br/><br/>This book is well worth reading for those of us who were so unwilling to let her go. She writes with full candor and humility and leaves readers with her seemingly bottomless fighting spirit!
 I loved her candor in the book.
 Honest and detailed account of last year's political disaster. Clinton is as tough on herself as she is on other. A very thoughtful and informative memoir.
 Read the book for book club and no body liked it! 12 women, some who voted for Hillary and not one like?? I am ashamed that Amazon removed negative reviews - we all reviewed and they are not there???
 Very interesting book. Hillary Clinton is a great writer!
 If a reader is looking to "feel" closer to Hillary Clinton, this is a good read. However if a reader is looking for insight and explanations as to how and why Clinton lost to the most unpopular and disliked presidential candidate in US history, there's just no "there" there... here. Clinton simply reassembles the same excuses and accusations that she and her supporters have been peddling for over a year, all Clinton adds here is a lot of padding pretending to be information. For instance she writes an entire chapter about sexism (as if we need Hillary Clinton to reveal the existence of sexism in the year 2016) but then concludes that she did NOT lose the election because she's a woman.<br/><br/>Clinton makes a variety of false claims about Sanders and his campaign, for instance claiming that Sanders has said that reproductive rights are: "negotiable". Sanders has never said anything remotely close that statement, and in fact has been more steadfast in his position that there should be no restrictions on abortion than Clinton has ever been. This claim is based on the fact that Sanders endorsed a pro-life Democratic candidate in a mayoral race. Clinton is simply being dishonest here and is clearly smarting from her failure to establish her credentials as a progressive feminist. Clinton herself has always supported restrictions on abortion, and has been supporting and endorsing pro-life Democrats for decades, something that Sanders has actually NOT done until recently.<br/><br/>Another dishonest claim that Clinton makes is her claim on progressive credentials. Clinton is simply lying when claims to be a "progressive" promoting progressive agendas. Hillary and Bill Clinton were founding members of the Democratic Leadership Council back in the late 80s. The primary function of the DLC was to move the Democratic Party AWAY from progressive agendas. It was called: "The Third Way" because it pretended to abandon unrealistic "progressivism" in favor of centrist conservative realpolitik. Clinton and the DLC spent decades pushing back and containing progressive agendas ranging from living wages to universal health care. The DLC explicitly endorsed the invasion of Iraq. In the 2016 campaign Clinton continued to push back against universal health care and living wages. No one is more aware of these historical facts than Hillary Clinton, yet she continues to make the false claim, when it's to her advantage, that she's a "progressive".<br/><br/>In the end we have a book wherein Clinton starts out claiming that she takes responsibility for her defeat but then spends 500 pages "explaining" why it wasn't her fault. Instead of a book that says she's responsible and then goes onto catalog the mistakes she made, we get a book about all the insurmountable obstacles she faced and her consequent frustrations. The most obvious question however is, given all the liabilities, obstacles, prejudices, scandals real and imagined... why would Clinton think she was most electable candidate to begin with? For all obstacles cataloged here anyone could remind Clinton that of all the candidates, she claimed that she was the tough one who could handle whatever Republicans threw at her. After more than 50 years in politics why would Hillary Clinton think that a candidate with so many liabilities was the strongest candidate in the field? The question never even occurs to Clinton, and or that reason Clinton fails to deliver anything legitimate lessons for future elections and Democratic candidates beyond.
 What a remarkable woman Hillary is. She wrote a book that pulls at my heartstrings. I have always been a fan. Her words are profound and authentic. She tells it like it is. We should listen and act. She definitely has been a leader of many. This is a great read.
 A book that is both brutally honest and impactful, with a few moments of humor. Clinton's book is, surprisingly, inspirational and cathartic.
 So honest
 I'm about 140 pages in and I really like this book so far. Unlike Clinton's other books, this one is candid and therefore much more interesting, insightful, and at times funny. I appreciate her candor and think this book is even more important because it gives readers the perspective of a person who's made history. Like her or hate her, Hillary Rodham Clinton will go down in history books as the first woman to ever win the presidential nomination of a major United States political party, and to win the U.S. Presidential Election popular vote. So she'll be in our children's history lessons and it's awesome to be able to hear about this history in her own words.
 Really compelling!
 Intelligent, articulate, and funny.  Loved it!
 I cried for weeks after she lost at the drop of a dime.  I chose to listen to Hillary narrate the story as she intended it to be heard/read.  I found it enlightening to hear "her" take on events that unfolded throughout the election
 It was fascinating to know the thoughts of our rightful Madame President about what happened.  This book fills out more of the campaign detail and refutes a few outlandish lies.  Some of the folksy tone is a bit forced, but the brilliant, accomplished, and admirable HRC has produced a riveting page turner.  Five stars for guts and stamina.  Thank you Hillary.
 Best. Book. Ever!
 Hillary is so thorough in her review of all the events leading up to the election of 2016. I feel like I know her a little bit now and it gives me joy that she is such a survivor.waa
 An excellent book to help understand 2016.
 great book
 Unquestionably one of the most detailed recollections of any Presidential election and an authentic account of Hillary Clinton. Clinton brings to life the campaign, the election, the consequences of its result and most importantly the promise of a new tomorrow. Clinton shares a number of personal moments, from childhood to present, that fashions the woman she is today. Embodying the true spirit of an American leader she tells stories of individuals she met along the campaign trail and intertwines them into a narrative highlighting the social, economic, and cultural quandaries our nation still faces. It is as relevant today as it will be tomorrow.
 Excellent
 Well written. Personal. Objective. I was expecting excuses but this is honest and touching. More details than I could digest but a compelling personal account and call to action.
 I don’t know how she does it - working for all of us, all these years, dealing with all kinds of attack. Hearing the story of her campaign and terrible loss to despicable Trump is heartbreaking. But through it all, she shares straightforward insight, shouldering responsibility but also calling out unfairness and baloney, and pointing out ways forward.  Learned a lot, am energized to stay involved, but still desperately sad that I cannot refer to Hillary Clinton as “Madame President.”
 Isn't 5 stars enough
 well written book
 My wife also heard about this book on TV and I got it for her.  She finished it in no time.  She is an avid reader.
 Completely balanced and honest.  Not bitter and not negative...just a heartfelt and truthful accounting - felt like I was talking to a friend.  She was so personal and so smart. I felt enlivened. If she can come out of this with a positive attitude then so will I!
 A must-read for anyone wanting the background of the worst presidential election in modern history. Clinton is open and frank about what went wrong and what went right within her campaign, as well as the forces that skewed the election from the outside.
 I found this book most informative about what really took place during this campaign. Disappointing to realize the unfortunate direction our society has taken in this age.
 Interesting
 Never has someone so brilliant and worthwhile been so vilified and misunderstood. Listening to her story in her own words will make you proud, and also make you weep for what we lost in the bizarre outcome of the 2016 election. Definitely worth a read.
 We could always trust her to tell it like it is and the truth continues. She remains the best qualified candidate for the office of the Presidency. Wise enough to know that time will prove her right. Great book! I'm saving mine for my grandchildren as a reflection of history.
 Great book.  Hillary tells what really happened during the election.  She doesn’t sugar coat it.  Found the book to be interesting and informative.  She took the high road during the election, won the popular vote and the Country got screwed!
 Interesting read about the campaign from HRC's perspective..
 Having watched the election with great frustration, I enjoyed reading HRC's perspective of how it all went down. She comes across as exactly who I thought she was. As a handwriting analyst I have a unique perspective on her personality and was happy to see that my assessment of her was correct.
 Enjoyable reading.
 Lots of thought provoking information in this book.  There were so many forces manipulating the system that HRC never had a chance.  Hopefully, we will learn from this debacle and change how our elections are run.
 Everyone, even if they did not support Hillary should read this book to get an idea as to just what goes on behind the scenes when you are in a national election.  Of course, the insider view of what the Russians did and the impact that Comey's actions had on her is definitely something everyone should read about.
 Excellent. Honest reflection, personally detailed while retaining global perspective.
 Great book
 I was afraid this was going to be a painful rehash of the trauma of the 2016 election, but instead I found it to be a  thoughtful, honest and ultimately hopeful view of the state of American politics. I was struck by the authenticity and insightfulness in which Hillary approached a wound that is still very raw for so many Americans.
 Hillary’s clearly done more ruminating than most. It’s a thoroughly fascinating book to read. Not only does she share her insights about the politics of it all and the current state of the country, she shares details of her personal life which are pretty inspiring. This book will leave you both happy and sad.
 I couldn't finish it. She blames everyone else for her loss and whines through the book. Terrible read.
 Very informative about what it was like  to run for president during such a chaotic political climate and having to fight against sexism, foreign government interference, an atypical opponent, and attacks from the left, the right, the center, 30 years of conspiratorial attacks and the media.
 Excellent. Above and beyond
 Quite frank and surprisingly real reflection on “What Happened”. I will suggests to people who haven’t read it and still giving low ratings to read it first, it may help you deal with hatered and resentment towards her. Cheers !
 No value
 Made me sad, but I like her and like her writing
 Loved the book, I couldn't put it down. It was a little traumatic to read because it brought me back to election day but well worth it. There were many touching parts, sad parts, and funny parts. I absolutely loved it.
 Clear and concise accounting of behind the scenes, after reading you long for the ending to have been different as she would have made a fabulously capable POTUS.
 Hillary's candid account of her views and experience from childhood to the present. Thrilling ride on the roller coaster of her presidential campaign including the devastating factors and events that derailed her. Surprisingly optimistic and forward looking finish.
 Couldn't put it down once I got it. I love Hillary, but parts of this do seem a little whiny, passing the blame, etc. However, seeing the campaign unfold through her eyes was exactly what I wanted.
 Can't blame you for the contents of the book.
 Maybe too soon to rehash what happened in the election
 Parts of the book are very interesting, but too much of it is sheer puffery. I doubt that Hillary Clinton thought about the Seneca Falls meeting or the rise of Suffragettes. I suspect whoever helped write this book added all this historical notes. I doubt if Hillary every gave a thought to Elizabeth Cady Stanton.<br/><br/>The parts that deal with the actual campaign are interest and worth reading, but too much of the book can be skipped as having little or nothing to do with the election. It certainly is not as good a book as SHATTERED which is the best book on how Hillary lost the 2016 election.
 What a great read! Hillary Clinton is a fantastic story teller. It was fascinating to look at her point of view of what happened as our country continues to struggle with one of the biggest mistakes of modern time. It's incredibly evident from this book that, while Hillary is not a great campaigner or politician, she has been and would have continued to be amazing at governing. What a huge wake up call for our nation.
 I loved having her read to me. I cried for her and for America, but her voice helped me through it. Her words are encouraging! If you love Hillary like I do, then you’ll love her book. Highly recommend the audio version read by HRC!!
 Too bad she was cheated out of her predency
 Awesome book
 A great book that makes you really understand Hillary. I relate to many of her ideas on empathy and society. I felt like I connected to her so much more than the media permitted in the elections. I may not agree with her on everything, but I have much more respect for her and her career.
 Such a well written &amp; highly insightful journey into the life &amp; politics of the most powerful woman in the world, HRC! Explains why #ImWithHer indefinitely. Ijs.
 LOVE HILLARY GOOD BOOK
 Got to know a Hillary I  didn't know before. And I  like her even more.
 Excellent full of honest truth
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book and feel there was a lot of truth exhibited  in it.  I definitely would recommend this as a must read.
 Great book and easy read
 I know this book has mixed reviews on Amazon - believe me, I’ve read them. But I simply don’t understand the negative reviews. Of course this book is going to be from Hillary’s perspective...she wrote it, after all. In fact, I found it humanized her. Maybe I’m biased, I have always been a supporter of the Clintons. I do believe in checking the facts and reading multiple sources, and I can say I verified many of the statements in this book to be accurate. This book was heartbreakingly good. It’s rare that someone in politics opens up to this extent - and I appreciate all of Hillary’s efforts. Definitely would recommend this book.
 I actually expected her to be less candid than she was, as most politicians are not exactly known for being totally honest. However, I sensed this was cathartic for her and was pleasantly surprised at her candor. Her matter-of-fact tone and sometimes "amateur acting" in her reading suggested to me this was the authentic Hillary.<br/>It was clear how all the negative stuff said hurt her.<br/>She does a nice assessment of "What Happened" towards the end, the first 2/3 is mostly recalling the campaign. All of it is quite interesting and authentic. Thank you Ms. Clinton for sharing.
 I made it to chapter 2, I just cant read anymore. When I read all I hear is her voice. I guess we all know what happened, TRUMP!!!
 IF ONLY the person portrayed in this book had been elected, she would've made a terrific and outstanding President. She had almost everything going for her, ACCORDING TO THE AUTHOR--experience, intelligence, years of service, international experience, influence, a caring spirit, etc. But how much of the real Hillary came across in this memoir of what happened? That's where the divergence comes in.<br/><br/>A reviewer can't win on this one. I've researched a variety of reviews from 1-star to 5-stars, and the votes each category received. Most of the reviews of 3-stars or fewer received a high percentage of YES votes--up to 5,000 or so for some reviews--with fewer than 5% NO votes. But those with 4- or 5-stars received just 50 or so votes, and mostly NO.<br/><br/>What does this say to me? Those who hate Hillary knocked down the positive reviews with NO votes and jacked up the negative reviews with YES votes. For many, their reviews had very little to do with the book itself. Those reviewers mostly reflect their own political views.<br/><br/>Personally, as a Canadian who observes USA politics as a form of entertainment and drama, I mostly liked the book. WHY? Because the character portrayed is a self-revealing tragic hero(ine) who can't seem to win over the odds against her. In her self-revelations, often the truth comes out about WHY what happened happened. There are types of monologues too where the character reveals what she SHOULD HAVE said and done. I love those because they are so irrelevant!<br/><br/>So I think it's a worthwhile read about and by a person who has been in public life for four decades or so.
 This had to have been a painful book to write, but it is a good read. I have always respected HRC and have never understood why so many people find her to be "evil." She addresses this and I believe if you read this - like her or not, you will have fascinating insights into this election. Give it a try.
 I am reading this book at this moment. Until now I have realised about Hilary personality and understanded her behabior in the 2016 presidential campain.  Very good book about herself.
 Yes I bought it, yes I listened to it, yes it's pretty much everything you would expect.  She blamed everything that you would imagine for her loss and then even several things that I had not even considered that she could blame, LOL. Her book should be categorized as fiction. Hopefully my review will stick and Amazon doesn't delete it.
 Very good read. She may never be president, but the work she has and continues to do for women makes her an amazing lady. Only one thing I do disagree with is her wanting to get legal abortion as late as 34 weeks or 35. I went into premature labor at 341/2 weeks with my now 19 year old daughter. The weeks abortion is set at is to far along as it is but we do have the right to have choices but my personal opinion is not to be able to abort after first trimester unless something is wrong badly wrong with the fetus or causing the a lot of problems with the carrier of child that can result in death. But like all american’s it’s just my opinion.<br/>Thank you Hikary for a great read and keep up the great woman’s movement getting stronger everyday.
 Amazing and perfect
 Excellent read
 For anyone who ever doubted her depth and commitment, they should take the time to read this book.  She takes a painful look backward, and an optimistic view of the future.  I loved reading it as we struggle through the current presidency and still think about "what might have been."
 Amazing and Truthful Book. A Must Read Along With Fire and Fury.
 informative book. Very interesting!
 This was a hard book to read, but I must say it's very good. Hillary Rodham Clinton very pulled the Curtin back. I'm sure it was hard for her to write cause it was hard for me to read and really feel we are going backwards in our courty,but she explains everything in great detail and have given me the courage to get and move on and I'm still with her if your a HRC fan please pick up a copy.
 Beyond expectations. Honest, forthright, no excuses, just the facts along with a heaping helping of humanity.
 Great read, so insightful, loved it!
 Love reading the Book
 Excellent
 The peoples President
 wonderful and informative read.
 The book is well-written and insightful.  The first woman candidate of a major political party is still a first and still historical whether she won or not.  All the haters can go on but, the majority of Americans understood what was at stake in this election and voted for her.
 Could have been much shorter. Repeated info. Appeal mostly to women.
 A sincere account by a very real person. Why do so many haters believe so many lies about this brilliant, good, hardworking woman? Their loss. America's loss.
 Helped me understand and come to terms with the unfair outcome of the 2016 election. So well written with both in depth fact based analysis and her warm and honest human perspective.
 Lefty Democrat here.  I started out as a Bernie supporter and voted for him in the primary, and only supported Hillary at first because she was infinitely better than. . . well, the alternative.  But the thing is, once the primary was over and I started actually learning about what Hillary stood for and had done all her life, I went from a dutiful to an enthusiastic supporter.  It is astonishing that such a famous - nay, infamous - person is so little known for who she really is.  Reading this book reinforces my now strong belief that Hillary would have been a magnificent president.  The book is a great, interesting and informative read, but also heartbreaking - to think what might have been.
 Good book
 Great read
 If trump finally gets his butt kicked out of the White House, can the 2016 election be nullified, and Hillary then - finally - becomes our President?
 I bought this book for my mom and she loved it!
 Love it!  Very FUNNY.  She makes fun of herself and is very down to earth.  I recommend that you get the Audible version. Hearing her read it makes me LOVE Hillary that much more!
 Can’t put it down!
 I really enjoyed Ms Clinton’s insights and perspectives.  She reads her own audiobook so I bought that instead of shelling out $160+ for a book tour ticket.  :)
 This is a great book. Hey llarybCkinton is a great woman who has been made the villain for far too long. This is a wonderful introspective account of the 2016 race. Read it with an open mind!
 A great book that dives not only into the chaos of the past election but gives great insight into Hillary as a person. It makes me want to be a friend to H! Great job!!
 Insightful. Brilliant.
 Once again, Hillary was able to take us there with her.  I felt honored to have known such an empathetic, American citizen during my lifetime.
 Bought it to support the author but never read it. Heard enough about the book directly from the author. Gave it away to a charity.
 Intelligently written and a wonderful insight into Hillary's campaign.  I have been a life-long supporter, and seeing her personal side shine through made me love her even more.
 Bought this book for my wife, she loved it.
 A cathartic read that can bring closure, but also an infuriating read that can move you to mobilize! Clinton dives deeply into the post-mortem of her 2016 presidential campaign, revealing the personality and feelings of one of America's most powerful women.
 Hillary is a very strong person, I loved this book.<br/>She is an inspiration to all women.
 Hillary Clinton is a kindred spirit. I thought as much before I read her words; now I know for sure! Her insights helped me understand what I saw during the election and what I am seeing now. Thank you, Hillary, for the inspiration to persist.
 Excellent and heartfelt!!!!
 This is well written and gives an honest account of what did occur during the 2016 election.  Reading this book was very sad; turning every page I kept thinking of what could have been; what should have been.
 Great book.  Great woman.
 Read it and cry.
 This book gives great insight/clarification on the Hillary email scandal and the collusion between Trump and Russia. She does own up to her mistakes during her campaign, but also highlights other people’s negative actions that contributed to the outcome of the election.
 Crap!
 Great read, heartbreaking that she was not elected.
 Loved it.
 I had hope for this book to understand where America went wrong. This book just gives daily accounts of what she did. Maybe the book gets better but I could not keep reading beyond the first 75 pages. I would support her again but feel this book was a waste of money.
 Interesting and honest. I couldn't put it down.
 Well done, but beware this book is fiction.
 Nice read
 Contrary to reviews in the news, this book focuses on the 2016 campaign trail, election, policy positions and future steps through Secretary Clinton’s eyes. She is very blunt in her opinions of political figures (especially Republicans and the Trump administration) and she offers many facts to support her theories on why she lost. This book balances between somber, gentle and humorous in a gracious way and is infused with powerful quotes. I highly recommend this book to left-leaning audiences and independents. Those on the right would likely be very critical of her opinions and honest characterizations of the current GOP.
 It's a good read although my heart broke once again as she detailed the process.  Honest, direct, well-written.  Recommended for the open-minded reader.
 she lost. get over it already! what she doesn't say is that millions of people held their noses and voted for trump over her because of her lies all these years. big ego trip and yet another money grab from Hillary from the book sales!
 Poor justification of events that occurred leading up to the election loss. Poor organization as well in terms of chapters, etc.
 Great book by the People's President!
 Al good
 cant wait ti read
 Good book. I do love when non-fiction books are narrated by the author.
 One of the best books written about a political campaign.  Honest and forthright.
 Great read
 I think this book has some good information about the election loss, but failed to really address how a misogynistic manchild won the presidency over a dedicated, intelligent, and accomplished person. The fact that this person was a woman, I think, had a major impact. How could 53% of women vote for Donald Trump? Maybe there was an underlying fear or resentment for one of their own to achieve too high.
 This book did not explain her breaking Democratic Party bylaws by working with the party directly to hijack and undermine the Bernie Sanders campaign.
 Very uplifting at a time when our country is spiraling down hill. I would vote for HER again.
 HRC does not disappoint
 Hillary takes responsibility and tells her experience during the campaign. The country suffers from the loss of her experience as sh would protect the country from outside threats. I highly recommended this book!
 Forever #withher
 Not the most felicitous writing style but the story  ..I cried bitter years for what have been and what should have been.
 Fairly comprehensive review of what happened, why it happened, and how to move on. I found she was charming in answering all of the criticisms of her and the campaign.
 awesome book
 interesting read
 Horrible whiney and boring.
 As many have said before it's Hillary's most intimate autobiography yet. Contrary to what much of the media claimed in this book Hillary spends time lamenting on her own failures, as well as positing additional causal factors behind the result of the election.
 I am a huge fan of Hillary so this book was high on my priority list!  If anyone does not understand Hillary, they will after reading her story of What Happened.
 Great book!  What an amazing woman!
 It was interesting.
 This book is so slow and boring. I am trying to get through it, but it is sot hard. I'll probably finish it, since I am still curious to see what she has to say about the election, but at this point, I plan on getting rid of it when I am finished.
 Haven't finished reading it, makes understanding result of 2016 election outcome a little easier to understand.
 It's honest.  If you don't like her you won't want to believe her.  It's that simple.  Be objective and just listen to what she's saying.  Stop with the hate language.  And yes it's as much an autobiography as a what happened.  There's a reason.  Pay attention!
 Love it!  Wish I could go to<br/>Dinner with her!
 I’d recommend this book to anyone who likes Hillary Clinton, and everyone who dislikes her for whatever reason. This is a very thoughtful book about her past, including her time at Wellesley, her relationships with her family (all good), and her way of thinking on just about everything that concerns her. She also talks in terms of “what happened” throughout the 2016 campaign, and her valiant efforts to overcome a litany of problems thrust upon her. A very inspiring book, which will overcome the false negatives that people who voted against her have held.
 An interesting and candid telling of what occurred in 2016 for Hillary Clinton, personally and politically. Some sage advice regarding what we can do going forward to preserve our democracy. Definitely worth the lengthy read.
 Great read
 Beautifully written account of the scandalous election
 great book!
 Hillary is honest to a fault about how the election was sabotaged.  I hope everyone who reads this pays attention to her in-depth analysis.  She was bombarded from every direction and still is optimistic about going forward.
 A great book.  Good read.
 As a longtime supporter, I thoroughly enjoy this book, and I feel it was written for people like me. I like reading about Hillary’s inner circle, behind the scenes, campaign anecdotes, her thoughts, not just the election, but all of it.  Not everyone will like it, but I do.
 I really did like this book. It gave me great insight to Mrs. Clinton and her years of public service and I learned that this woman is not<br/>the demon that so many tell us she is.
 Very well written and insightful'
 I didn't rate it 1 star for two reasons.<br/><br/>First, in a few rare instances, like discussing sriracha sauces, Hillary Clinton does allow peeks at what is presumably her real self.<br/><br/>Second, it deserves a second star because it reflects what Hillary Clinton believes about the 2016 campaign, and its backstory.<br/><br/>That said, much of what she believes, especially related to "Putin Did It," is simply wrong. (Note, I am writing from a leftist, not a GOP let alone Trumpist, angle. That said, many of the "Putin Did It" claims have been either PROVEN wrong or else withdrawn or modified. So, let's dig in!)<br/><br/>Here's a list of the major problems, by page number.<br/><br/>20. Did Hannah the Wisconsin election worker later / elsewhere get mad about Clinton not visiting the state?<br/>35. Tries to triangulate between Obama as previous Dem president and Obama’s sluggish recovery.<br/>47. Well-respected Clinton Foundation doesn’t mention Frank Giustra/Russia/uranium, nor does it mention Haiti and its less than totally reputable operation there<br/>72. Calls emails — without mentioning a “server” — “one boneheaded mistake.” No deliberation, especially on server, not just account, mentioned.<br/>74. Blames Bernie for not exiting the campaign sooner. Doesn’t mention parallel with her slow withdrawal in 2008.<br/>112ff. Never mentions, in discussing her childhood, that she was a “Goldwater Girl.”<br/>226. Falsely claims Bernie’s a socialist. She knows better.<br/>229. Repeats stereotypes about BernieBros online harassing people. Never mentions online harassment of likes of Peter Daou.<br/>229. Claims Bernie’s not a Dem. He is, de facto; Dem party has “cleared the field” for him since second House run. He is also, in a sense, de jure a Dem.<br/>234. Obamacare is “universal” only on paper. For many, they can’t afford to buy anything other than the cheapest plan, and then they can’t afford to use it except in catastrophic cases.<br/>239. Clinton claims that, deep inside, she favored a financial transactions tax and even basic income. Yeah, right. No post-election news stories about that.<br/>254. Obama claimed that nobody in history was more qualified than her for White House. Reality? Setting aside Washington, there’s Adams, Jefferson, Quincy Adams, Van Buren, Buchanan, FDR, and Poppy Bush, on paper, at least.<br/>289. Narrative about personal email &gt;&gt;account&lt;&lt; doesn’t mention server until 297, and then only in passing.<br/>328. On matter of Putin’s being upset about NATO expansion, doesn’t mention that hubby Bill broke Poppy Bush’s oral pledge to Yeltsin that, after the fall of the Iron Curtain, NATO wouldn’t move east.<br/>338. Wrong on Guccifer 2.0. Wrong on citing Crowdstrike as primary evidence.<br/>341. Wrong on Russia hacking DNC emails vs a Dem insider stealing them.<br/>352. Repeats the rejected “17 agencies” claim on Russia hacking DNC emails.<br/>354. References the Steele dossier, now pretty much discredited, AND knows to have been paid for in part by the DNC, which Clinton also doesn’t mention<br/>363. Many of the “21 states” she claims had state elections agencies that were Russian hacking targets now say that not only were they not compromised, as faras they know they weren’t targets.<br/>411. Takes Jill Stein out of context, ignoring that the Obama-Clinton semi-coup in Ukraine that now has neo-Nazis in power is something that Stein rightfully complained about.<br/><br/>==<br/><br/>And, in a big picture on all of the “Putin Did It” claims, ignores that Crowdstrike either ignored or was unaware of poor security of NGP VAN, didn’t catch the DNC emails theft, as theft it was, and missed the Podesta phishing for months.
 She doesn't make excuses - she tells it like it was.
 Have just begun to read this during my lunch at work.
 Emotional, candid, raw, truthful are all words that describe this book. Thank you Hillary Clinton for writing this book for your supporters. It was a very emotional and healing book.
 We have just publicly learned that Russians (and probably other foreigners) continue cyber warfare against the U.S. and other democracies.  We read that NATO allies have been warning Americans for years about specifically Russian interference in European elections and they anticipated the threat to the U.S.:  "The Americans had listened politely but didn't seem particularly alarmed by the threat, reflecting a widely held belief inside the U.S. government that its democratic institutions and society weren't nearly as vulnerable as those in Europe". (Washington Post, December 26, 2017 page A7).<br/><br/>If you are concerned about maintaining true democracy, you need to read and digest Hillary Clinton's description of the details of this particular political operation.  She has a literary gift for narrating the details of a nasty, brutish and long campaign.  I notice many reviews complain that the account is sometimes boring--boredom including a grueling schedule is part of the discipline of an American presidential campaign. There is no intellectual shortcut here such as book reviews and interviews--you need to read the book in its entirety to understand the anti-democratic forces.<br/><br/>Read What Happened, support investigative journalists trying to prevent outside interference from reoccurring and remain personally vigilant.
 Good to read her side
 I loved this book.
 Secretary Clinton’s book nails the plight that women have been facing up for decades. Her insight into what happened during the 2016 election tells the truth about what many women face with sexism every day. The double standards women endure, especially women in politics. Secretary Clinton also provides a comprehensive yet simple to understand analysis of Russia and their interference with our election. This was a tough read emotionally but well worth it.
 Sent as a great gag gift to a Libertarian friend!
 It's not what I expected. It was not a depressing rehash of the election but rather an unapologetically honest take on the state of the country and democracy from an experienced and knowledgeable american citizen.
 Clearly Hillary wanted to tell what she was hoping to do as President. She also talked about the obstacles she faced as a Clinton and as a woman. She was funny at times, serious at times, and always inspirational.  All women owe a debt of gratitude to Hillary for what she has accomplished and the way that she has paved for those that follow in her footsteps.
 Hillary is a exceptional person. The book was well written &amp; surprisingly funny at times.
 Incredible.
 Very insightful read
 very well written
 Slow reading.
 I loved this book! It wasn’t, frankly, what I was expecting; it was so much more. I learned about many hapoenings of which I was previously unaware, even though I am political junkie.  I read this book in one day, staying up late into the night because I could not put it down.  I laughed (a lot) and I cried - particularly toward the end of the book.  Well done, Secretary Clinton!
 It was nice to hear from her own perspective rather than what is heard on the news.  Very candid.
 Wept while reading several portions of the book -- a reminder of the fabulous president we might have had rather than the dangerous and illiterate buffoon we ended up with.  Hillary really worked hard to present things honestly with understanding of the few things she could have done better.  I mean, really, the FBI, Russia, and the lying Trump campaign and still got more votes than he did.  She is an asset for our country and we have not heard the last of her, thank our lucky stars.
 Inspiring, candid, and authentic.  Listening to Hillary's account of events during the 2016 election was a wonderful experience for a person who believes that we are stronger together and wondered what I was missing to face such a disappointment in November 2016.  Hillary explained what she saw and then went on to talk of Hope, Faith, Love and all the elements that point us to a future of beyond Trump.
 Wonderful book by a wonderful person, who should be in our White House! Terrible loss for our country and future generations. God help us all.
 interesting and love that she narrates it.
 Hillary is unabashedly honest refreshing I this time of Trumpian lies.  I especially liked hearing Hillary read it in her own voice it gave the book authenticity
 Very informative!
 Fantastic read! If only it were true!
 Breath of fresh air.
 Excellent and honest read from Hillary Clinton, who should be president right now. It’s a great read from a historic figure.
 Excellent book. Well written and gives insights into the maniac that Trump is. He is indeed an evil man and robbed Hillary Clinton of the presidency. Sad that so many Americans are so gullible and do not bother to find out the truth. After 4 years of Trump they will over react, again!
 Before my review, I will add this disclaimer: I voted for Hillary Clinton, and I’d vote for her again- the only difference this time is that I would spend a lot more time campaigning for her!<br/><br/>For those of us who support Hillary, this book is a true gift. It is a peek behind the curtain of her campaign (what led up to it, throughout and following). I appreciated getting her perspectives on certain events that are playing out in the investigations happening now, and I also truly loved hearing her ideas on how to go forward from here. It was an amazing, emotional memoir. I laughed many times, I cried (a lot more times) and I also smiled quite a bit.<br/>I am Still with Her.
 Very well-written and succinct.  Telling it like she sees it; no holds barred.  A great read.
 Great
 Well written and very educational. I initially purchased this because I read about all of the "fake" reviews that showed up on Amazon within hours of the book release. All political and all from the far right. I was infuriated that such a ridiculous thing could happen, so I bought the book just for spite. I am very glad that I did. Clinton explains so much about her political career, and gives the reader a more detailed glimpse at the woman behind the politician. She does not whine. She does not complain. She takes full responsibility and acknowledges her shortcomings and failures. After reading this book I realize that Hillary Clinton is not just a politician or a former presidential candidate. She is a human being, a grandmother, a mother, and a woman with feelings and emotions. She is an incredibly strong, and talented woman who has taken hits from all sides for all of her political career. I would definitely recommend this book for anyone who needs to see Clinton punch back after some of those low blows from he who shall not be named. She does hit back, and in an intelligent way based on fact. Good for her!
 What a poor written book. Hillary’s typical dribble that lacks substance. She is a failed candidate that has too close a staff to blow smoke up her ass.
 Everyone in the US should read this book. Hillary would be the opposite of Trump and the world would be a happier, safer place. Read what a person of great integrity, a great brain, and how someone who really cares about us human being is like. What a loss. Now turn on your TV or Twitter and read what Trump's childish behavior is obsessed with now instead of leading the nation. Hillary cares while Trump is not able to.
 Thought provoking, intellectual yet intensely readable. Hillary at her most unguarded. Her side of the story that is often drowned in Trumpian cacophony.
 A candid insight into what we all were witnessing during the election year. It's still hard to believe, even now as we watch the democracy crumble all over social media day by day. Hillary is a dignified woman and handled things as stoically and in a much more dignified fashion than any other person could have mustered.
 LOVE Hillary.  Love the book.
 One of my favorite points to this book is when HRC starts letting the exclamation points and parenthetical comments fly. Thank you!
 Excellent read
 I gave I the extra star for her sheer chutzpa.  You did have to give this woman credit for that.  If it weren't for that, it would be a purely 1 star rating.  Let's see how long the Amazon censorship police keep this review up.
 this was a gift
 Great book except for one omission.  Mrs. Clinton never includes the fact that more than 50% of WOMEN supported the other candidates.  Notwithstanding all the insulting comments by Trump, sexual or otherwise, the majority of women still did not support her and thus caused the defeat of Hillary Clinton.  Ironic, isn't it?
 I didnt find much new although I sympathize with her loss and wished she had made it. se3ems like other things grab my interest these days.
 An earnest look at what happened during the 2016 election from the viewpoint of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.
 I have always admired Hillary and believe she is a role model for servant leadership.  I was also curious about how she will move on after the 2016 election. Her stories inspire me to take action in my own life and not dwell on what could have or should have happened despite careful planning and hard work.  A few chapters are dedicated to defending her decisions but she takes full responsibility for them and an empathetic reader understands why they need to be part of the book.  My overall impression was quite positive.<br/><br/>I thought the content was thought-provoking and purposeful.  In addition, they give the reader a rare and intimate glimpse into the life of a woman who rarely goes "off script".  The last chapter brought tears to my eyes as she experiences profound insight from a student, during a graduation speech, on flaws, character and authenticity. I was truly encouraged and inspired to learn that Hillary has set new goals for herself and challenges others to pursue a lifetime of servant leadership.
 Interesting and well written.
 Self indulgent politican
 Interesting book. Enjoyed getting the real story directly from the candidate. Politics are a vicious business, especially if you are a woman. Stay strong ladies and don't be afraid to run.
 So reasoned and intelligent and well written. I am still dumbfounded by her loss  to this venal and incompetent man we now have to have representing America.<br/>This book should be required reading.
 Read it for yourself. A good summary of the current history that is still unfolding. I know it was written by a candidate, but I found it backed up by many outside sources...which she details.
 Not on this account, but I bought 3 copies for Christmas presents, but after reading it I realize how bad it is. Amazon will censor my review, but don't waste your money or 3 hours of your life, and like I intend to do apologize profusely to anyone you fausted this ego-maniacal drek on to. This is why I am no longer a Democrat.
 It should be made a history book.  Some men in the media said she was whining but have never contradicted her statements.  It is important for the country to know and be extremely concerned about the interference of tecknowlogy in our election.  This a very serious problem.
 Can we agree on everything?  No of course not and I feel this book gives interesting and powerful insight into her perspective.  There are a lot of moving parts to this book and some powerful messages.  Definitely worth the read.
 I'll admit it: this book sat on a table for a LONG time because I was afraid to pick it up. I feared it would be dry and maybe a disappointment. Wrong! Aside from providing an easy-reading, thorough and honest review of the 2016 election, as well as a look at how Ms. Clinton considers the world, the book offers a few chapters that are sheer inspiration. I particularly recommend the second to last chapter, which urges us to practice "radical empathy," love and kindness. I think everyone would be the better for it if they read this chapter.
 Bought it for my sister. Will give it her for Christmas. Not much of a reader, so I will wait until she gives me a synopsis of it after she reads it in December. I've heard really good feed back from others...
 I am 70 years old and almost wrote my first fan letter after reading this book! Then common sense prevailed.however,on reflexion, I might just do that! Maybe it’s time to jettison common sense at my age. Thank you Hillary....an amazing read! If only common sense had prevailed amongst the American electorate.
 love the book looking forward to finding the appropriate time to start reading it.
 Excellent rendition of what and how the nightmare happened.  Time for liberals to fight tooth for tooth.  Stop being nice.
 Good book but unfortunate she could not break the ceiling!!!!
 loved it
 It made me cry all over again!
 I really enjoyed reading Hillary's book. It was very interesting. I went through several emotions reading her book. It was funny, unbelievably shocking, and sad. But she's a trooper and I really admire her.
 It was a great book! To bad she is not our President!  She would of been great she actually had plans on how to run the country.
 The price was slashed from $30.00 to $17.99. . . because of the 5-star rating that Amazon feels that the book deserves.  That's why I love good 'ole fashioned American capitalism.  It never lies.  Even if Amazon does.<br/><br/>So, what's the book about?  We all knew exactly what would be in it, before it was even published.  It started with her refusal to give a concession speech to the thousands of supporters who sadly waited for her appearance, and it continues to this day.  Sit and theorize about the mental breakdown that must have been going on in her head since the election, put it into writing, and presto!<br/><br/>That's what this book . . . is.  In fact, it could actually be cited as evidence that she needs to be in a padded room somewhere.  Then again, that was likely true well before her campaign was launched.
 Hillary is brutally honest in her evaluation of “What Happened”.  With 20/20 hindsight, which is often so disturbing for all of us, she explains her mistakes, her strengths, her strategies and her hopes for the future.  It is a well documented book with excellent references to her support system which includes her family, of course, but also her vast knowledge of works by great thinkers and inspirational leaders that formed her worldview.<br/><br/>I found myself saddened, angry, inspired and hopeful in turn throughout the book.  I will be referring to it for inspiration as time goes on.
 Excellent truth telling
 Well written and very interesting. However, I'm probably going to have to reread her book when I'm not so angry about having a buffoon as president.
 reading it at almost one year anniversary of 2016 election feels like putting a closure to what had happened, but it never be a closure to the fight for our nation's democracy. Good read!
 Great read!  The Audible version is even better.  I feel that I'm with her every time she reads her book to me.
 It’s very interesting to read about Hillary Effort in 2016 and disappointing to hear about the double how women are treated. HRC has paved the way for women for generations to come. Loved hearing her read the book as well.
 So vivid and so powerful!
 Very insightful.
 I’m a centrist news junkie and explore many sources for facts and understanding of all sides, especially when it comes to power that influences the world. The events and people she mentions are not new. Her assessment of the influences on the outcome of the election is the same as mine.  This book was personal and brought me often to tears. She’s trying to figure out what happened for herself in this book by examining herself, her past and the influences on her long life of service. She is honest, vulnerable and even apologetic at times. I recommend it for anyone who knows what caring for others and living your truth mean. It will be best understood by someone who was influenced and activated by the idealism of the 60s.  What is happening now appears to be shocking to our sensibilities, but it has been coming for many decades and, hopefully, there is time for critically thinking active citizens to bring back civility, love and kindness.
 I didn't fact-check the many statements made by HRC (it would have been relatively easy to do but I'm too lazy) but what she describes is the 'perfect storm' of how someone can be so misunderstood and that leads the world into a near cataclysmic situation.  While the book isn't great literature, it is an easy, if troubling, read that many times had me on the verge of tears.  Over and over I kept asking myself, "How could someone who had worked so hard to make the world a better place be defeated by someone who had blatantly exhibited a narcissistic attitude and contempt for virtually anyone who wasn't a white, wealthy male?"  I had been expecting the book to be shrill and whiny but it wasn't.  Of course, she doesn't pull any punches when pointing the Finger of Blame at people like Comey and Sanders but she repeatedly takes full responsibility for losing the election.  I'm glad I read the book despite the feeling of being drained and worried when I finished it.  I never thought I'd say it but George W doesn't seem so bad anymore.  These are dark times.
 Like her or not it’s a must read book.  Very factual!
 enjoy
 Don't listen to the online trolls and haters of HRC. Loved this harrowing first hand account of what it is like to lose the most important election in american history. This story recounts the feelings of being the most qualified person in history to run for presidential office and lose to the equally most unqualified candidate. HRC shows how far women have come in this country and yet how far they have yet to go.
 Our book group selected RHC’s analysis for discussion &amp; I’m sure it will be very stimulating.<br/>She has made the effort to be honest with herself and with her fellow Americans, both supporters and opponents.  Many aspects of our recent cultural and political history are considered.  This book is an important addition to the history of our presidential elections and will most likely be followed by many other considerations of the 2016 election.  Hillary’s view will stand as one that must be read to fully understand “what happened.”
 Very well written interesting shows her in a new light
 Very good read . Highly recommend
 Well worth the read. Very insightful!
 Well written, important to hear what happened from Hillary's point of view.  A must read.
 I ordered this book hoping to gain insight into what truly happened in the 2016 election, and all I got was a sad book of excuses. According to clinton none of what happened is her fault. A true leader would take accountability for their actions and mistakes, yet she doesn't. This is a fiction book and should be put in that section so people shouldn't be fooled into thinking there is one ounce of truth in this despicable book. As many other reviews  have stated its not worth buying. I don't recommend this book it at all!
 I  LIKED  IT  VERY  MUCH
 Enjoyed the way Hillary presented the material it felt like you were in a personal conversation.
 Hillary Clinton's insightful book pulls together and develops my own impressions of the election of 2016 and its aftermath.  It's as much about the future as the past.  It's a good read, too, clear, well written, and at times entertaining.  I highly recommend it.
 Well articulated. Good job.
 The parody book was better
 It was a great read. I think a very honest look at her perspective. Admire her so much. Would recommend the book
 I think its an honest and straight forward account of what happened and how she felt (feels) about it. Its a good read.
 Very informative and I found very enlightening.
 Good read! Great insight into Trump/Russia ongoing threats. As Republicans try to drag the county backwards we need  to move forward!
 I loved this book. As someone who voted for Hillary and is a woman in a position of authority in my job, I find I relate very well to Hillary. I understand how she felt the need to always calibrate every response and love her life a certain way. Of course she’s upset with Bernie and Trump. I frankly don’t understand those people who purchased this book and would expect her to somehow not be upset with them. I also think those who find her to have “blind spots” and be “out of touch” are probably men who have no idea the struggle she faced. If you didn’t want her perspective, perhaps spend your $15 on “The Art of the Deal”. I’m sure you’d find that more t your liking.
 Enjoyed it.  The book helped me deal with the madness that is Trump!
 This was an honest, open account of what happened in the election. It didn't feel bitter, just stated the facts. It was good to hear it from her. It should never have happened this way. Look at the mess we are in.
 It’s Hillary being Hillary.
 Self serving, you bet.  I expect that of an autobiographical work.  I also expect insight and reflection and her delivery of those thoughts made the book satisfactory for me.
 Trump is a fraud and an embarrassment.
 Interesting... Came on time,
 I found Hillary's latest memoir to be phenomenal!
 Hearing this in her own voice makes it even more compelling.
 A great history of what happened. A must read book
 This was a fast read that explained a very layered and baffling event. I gained much insight. I don't believe any genuine review of this book could give it less than three stars. It deserves 4 or 5 for its clarity, candor and insight into the most divisive campaigns in USA history.
 First of all, I loved hearing Hillary reading her book on my audiobook.  And secondly, I was again totally blown away by her intelligence and succinctness.  She does a great job on the book, it is very well-written.  It was good to read about how campaigns are conducted and what an amazing amount of work goes into the whole thing.  I did not start out the election cycle as a Hillary voter but I finished up that way and the more I learn about her the more I like and admire her. I highly recommend this book.  Hillary is a positive role model, and her perseverance and strength against adversity is something I have really grown to admire.
 An informative account of one of the most tumultuous and important times in modern American history.
 Finished Hillary’s book. I highly recommend this book. If you are a history and political buff like myself you will find it very entertaining. I would love to have a review discussion with a non-Clinton supporter after they have read. I propose this will be required reading for college level Women’s studies corses in the future. 👍 Stay woke.
 I liked this book very much...Hillary right clearly and simply...I believe she is a very real person and writes like that...She tries to explain what she did and what people think about her that she doesn't understand....Well, its just like us...sometimes we don't understand what others think about us either, whether it is good or bad...The book in informative...and one thing I know for sure..She would have made a very excellent President...
 Good read, tells it like she felt it.
 I thought this was a funny tell all from a historical politician. It shows us her personality and humor, and is a good read for her fans and foes alike.
 Hillary must have been that little girl, sitting in class stretching her arm up, prepared to answer every question with her teacher's eyes rolling and scanning the room for someone, anyone else to answer. Some of us remember that and the feeling that we were not supposed to be that smart and if we were, maybe not show it off too much, so we pulled our arms down. Hillary didn't. Thankfully. This book was just what I expected it to be. Full of backroom insights, wisdom and some humor. The lady has it going on and she's challenging us to stand back up and keep fighting. Couldn't have asked for more. I'm a fan.
 EVERY AMERICAN WHO LOVES THIS COUNTRY NEEDS TO READ THIS.
 Love this book.It shows a side of Hillary that a lot of people dont know. They believe everything they read on the news or is spouted about her.This gives a huge insight into her real feelings,what she thinks she did wrong and right and how she was treated. I absolutely love how its written.
 Enjoying reading her thoughts in her voice.  Wishing someone this bright and strong and balanced was leading our country.
 This book is an American treasure, as is the author. It spoke to all of us who have admired her for so many years, it did indeed tell us what happened, why, and points to some promising pathways for others to follow. I highly recommend it to everyone, friend or foe, but especially to all young women who dare to break a glass ceiling or two in their own lives.
 Great book. no surprise it's hillary's after all
 This is an important book historically and politically. Hearing the story of the 2016 election from the perspective of the first female nominee for U.S. president from a major political party is unique and insightful.  The issues of feminism and racism in this country need to become part of the conversation of how this impacts our democracy and how the issues discussed impact each citizen.  I am glad I took the time to read this book. It helped me expand my understandings of the election and how and why we ended up with the president we have. .
 This is a wonderful “gift” to history as it documents events as they happpened....events that would otherwise be lost or twisted in the chaos following the election when truth  became non existent.
 Wish everyone would read this.
 Great book! It was a bit technical at times, but well written! I love the narration by Hillary herself! Absolutely recommend!
 Nailed it !!!
 It was an excellent book. I really enjoyed it.
 An account of the election only she can tell
 Great book!
 If you love politics out recommend this book no matter which side of the aisle you align yourself with. Good book.
 Read book. Absolute garbage. Majority of reviews have been negative. Appears Amazon is either falsely advertising higher rating and/or deleting negative reviews.
 Nice reading!
 Enjoyed the book. Listened to the Audio version read by Hillary.
 The pages burn really well! If you need firestarter, this is a good buy!
 Well -written and shows Hilary’s humanity. Wise quotes and thoughtful prose throughout book
 Remember that episode of Family Guy where it turns out that Michael Moore and Rush Limbaugh are the same person, that is, Fred Savage? I think the only explanation that was missing from Hillary Clinton’s “What Happened” is that Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders are the same person, that is, Vladimir Putin. Thank you Hillary Clinton for fighting the good fight. This is an important book, and you give me hope.
 Interesting read, and well written. No punches held, and Hillary's honesty, integrity and hopeful message came through. Thank you Hilary.
 Her turn to give her side of such a surprise result of election to the presidency. She did it well, concise and with a lot of human feelings affecting her loss to lead the nation. I have read all her books and three about her. It is amazing by winning the peoples vote we were brought up to believe that person won. The public knows little including me about how one outcomes overrules the popular one. I admire Mrs. Clinton, her husband and daughter as well. All wonderful Americans. In a perfect America Mrs. Clinton deserved the presidency during Obama's time of eight years. Now he could be the income president. While Mrs. Clinton will continue to work for our country I do hope she will also enjoy herself, life and learn to appreciate some leisure time.
 Purchased item as Christmas gift.  Irony is recipient purchased same item for me. Hope she enjoys reading it as much as I do.
 I haven't had time to finish but so far I am empressed
 Just a good read.
 a great read, very informative
 Still reading
 Honest. Smart. Great read. Very emotional for those of us who know who the real President should be.
 Good read.
 I listened to the audio version and it was great to have her voice in my ear sharing her thoughts.  The most difficult part of listening, of course, is the 'what might have been'. She is so smart and thoughtful and does have concrete ideas and plans about making things better for the vast majority of Americans, in the reality of what's happening in America today, it is all the sadder that she is not President.<br/><br/>The book reminds us of how challenging this election would have been for anyone (look at all the Republicans vanquished by Trump), the challenges of misogyny, the Russian influence and the media circus.  It also reminds us of some of her greatest moments, like the debates and cautions us on the state of misinformation.  She has every right to tell her story and I think its a worthwhile one.  She also backs it all up in her wonky way with statistics, polls, quotes and facts
 What Happened? Hillary Rodham Clinton's Account of the US Presidential 2016 Election and its Aftermath<br/><br/>  The author (Hillary Rodham Clinton) who was defeated by Barack Obama in the 2008 Democratic nomination for US President, describes how she kept going after "a shocking defeat" in her historical run for the 2016 US Presidential Election. First Lady Clinton became the first woman to achieve the party's nomination for US President subsequent to serving in the NY Senate and as US Secretary of State.<br/><br/>  Believe it or not, shining in the campaign and in the book is the First Lady's support of their only daughter Chelsea with her marriage to Marc Mezvinsky, and new granddaughter Charlotte and Aidan. The latter born in Manhattan New York on June 18, 2016 during the campaign. Of course, Chelsea who introduced her mother at the Democratic National Convention, already obtained degrees in health care and international relations (Also, see wikipedia).<br/><br/>  Already having watched the campaign debates (Yes!), it was quite moving to have insight into the experiential  and personal feelings of the candidate on major moments and routine campaign events (e.g., ABC News David Muir, "Hillary Clinton Becomes the Democratic Party's Presumptive Nominee"). I smiled at one of the quotes hanging in Hillary Clinton's home, remembering from the 1970s:<br/>  It is hard to be a woman.<br/>  You must think like a man.<br/>  Act like a lady.<br/>  Look like a young girl.<br/>  And work like a horse!<br/>Its no wonder that her public policy agenda includes: higher minimum wages, equal pay for women, paid family and medical leave, and affordable childcare as part of workforce modernization. She thanked her supporters for 18 million cracks in the proverbial and literal glass ceiling ("one can see and imagine, but one cannot cross"). Hillary Rodham Clinton later announced that "Tonight's victory is not about one person. It belongs to generations of women and men who struggled and sacrificed and made this moment possible".<br/><br/>  The book also offers insight into the Bill Clinton Presidency with comparisons to the race and state of the Nation in 1992, on Democrats Elizabeth Warren, Cory Booker, Kamala Harris, and Bernie Sanders (running in 2020), and her career and commitment to children and families (Children's Defense Fund, Beijing Conference, Legal Services, Yale Law School). I was stunned at the apologies about the crime bill (1994), compromise during the heroin epidemic, and its contribution to what became mass incarceration at stiff federal drug sentences.<br/><br/>  Interestingly, in her reports on polling, Hillary Clinton explained that she attracted more voters under $50,000 in income, while with 60% Trump voters without college degrees, their average income was $72,000.  In 2014, Pew Research indicated that 69% Democratic  women  hoped to see a female President and 46% Democratic men, while only 20% Republican women and 16% Republican men so aspired. Very proud, I bet, is the Hillary Clinton who won on the economy, on caring about people, on doing a good job as Senator and Secretary of State, and on having good judgment (in spite of a disagreement with NBC's Matt Lauer!)<br/><br/>  Julie Ann Racino (Deputy Director) was concerned that Hillary Clinton was afraid that she disappointed President Obama, hearing the classic woman ring to their relationship post-2008 contentious election. However, in graciousness, Hillary Clinton challenged "my supporters and all Americans to keep working for our vision of a better, stronger, and fairer America".  The statistics in the book report the "election was decided by 77,744 votes out of a 136 million cast" with 44,000 to have changed the outcome!<br/><br/>  The campaign "for women" marked "pure misogyny on stage" (I was appalled at the exchange with Megan Kelly and Donald Trump on behalf of all young girls experiencing coming of age; it's called puberty). Pp. 136-140 recount vulgar language on pigs and sluts, stabs at women, and stories about NYS Kirsten Gillibrand's encounters on groping, grabbing and yanking while serving in US Senate. Hillary Clinton controlled her anger (unlike that "basket of deplorables") and pronounced: "They-our daughters, granddaughters and sons- deserve better than the toxic masculinity that Donald Trump embodies".  I made note that remember, this was a US Presidential campaign.<br/><br/>  In the disability sector, we appreciate the account on the Education for All Handicapped Children's Act of 1975, and on the descriptions of real people (e.g., children and families whom Hillary Clinton met and worked with through the years). "We appreciate the clean energy half billion solar panels", major investments in scientific research, and deep concern over the future of manufacturing and the new economy citing such stats as the loss of 400,000 steelworker jobs since 1962-2005 and an even larger loss in the retail sectors. And, I agree with her analysis that we in America are locked into an outdated picture of the working class that distorts policy priorities.<br/><br/>  The reader will find "different takes" on the Clinton emails (personal email server and US Department of State) so prominent in the news, the role of Russian election interference and the Putin-Trump relationship (awaiting the release Mueller report, 2019), the Flint, Michigan water crisis, the Affordable Care Act and health care reform, voter suppression campaigns, and the extensive discussion on the coal mining industry, including investment of $30 billion in distressed coal communities.<br/><br/>  Hillary Clinton centers herself with Eleanor Roosevelt (Roosevelt Island site of her campaign announcement), the Women at the Seneca Hall of Fame (Declaration of Sentiments), historical and political women (e.g., Abigail Adams, Geraldine Ferraro), her "work counterparts" Joe Biden and John Kerry (with Hillary citing 122 Nation travel in 4 years), and with comparisons to the 1990 Clinton Administration (e.g., portable vouchers in Moving to Opportunity for Fair Housing), her best lifetime friend ( at the Convention), and Marian Wright Edelman of the CDF (Children's Defense Fund).<br/><br/>  The book simply indicates to read her other books, Hard Choices (on public policies) and It Takes A Village! Congratulations to one and all! As Hillary Clinton described "The American dream is big enough for all of us"! "And as hard as it might be, your daughter will grow up and become the President of the United States."<br/><br/>Julie Ann Racino, ASPA, HHSA, 2019<br/>Cornell and Syracuse University Alumni
 I Love Hillary so far Enjoying !!
 Excellent book.
 What a Book... What Ride... What a great look into the election of 2016  This book made me laugh, cry, scream and say ah-ha out loud.  There is a reason people where standing in longs lines to have Hillary sign this book: it was that good.
 Was this a page-turning, albeit difficult, read. As you can imagine it was incredibly thought out, carefully researched, and skillfully presented. The insights into some of the more baffling decisions made on the campaign trail confirmed my suspicions that Secretary Clinton was playing the long game: unfortunately, that is not how this election played out. I would highly recommend this book for some thoughts and suggestions as to what it was like day in and day out on the campaign trail.
 Very insightful account of 'What Happened' during the election in 2016 and events leading up to it. It is a good balance of Hillary Rodham Clinton taking personal responsibility for the mistakes she made. This is not her taking FULL responsibility which is why the balance is perfect. The book also accurately portrays the hurdles women face everyday when taking a leadership role. The second part, seems something out of a spy novel and I often asked the question "Is this possible or even probable?". I am not sure how I feel about some of the comments she made regarding direct conspiracy between the Russians and Trump but it sheds a light to the very tangible threat we face in the Cyber world. Fake news, hacking and the encouragement of hacking from non allies from our current president is a bit scary. Lastly, one of my favorite parts of the whole book are the ones that she takes you through her thoughts during some of the most bizarre debate moments and Trumps comments during the campaign. I often wondered what was going through her mind standing next to someone who's reply is "No you are a puppet" after being called a "puppet" for doing what Vladmir Putin wants. Hillary Rodham Clinton did not hold back. Fierce.
 The dust has settled. We've now had two years to think, analyze, and reflect. In these two years since the 2016 election results, what have we learned? That everything, EVERYTHING that Hillary Clinton warned us about is true. The Russian interference, the collusion, the despotic demagoguery of the tweeting Orange-clown-dotard-President, the corruption of his illegitimate, covfefe administration - ALL have been proven to be true! Hillary was right all along.<br/><br/>'What Happened' is a phenomenal read and it goes into heart-breaking, maddening, excruciating details as to how we've ended up where we are today. Hillary warned us before the election, and this fantastically written political memoir 'What Happened' laid it out in unflinching details.<br/><br/>Contrary to what was erroneously reported, in this book, Hillary does indeed take responsibility for her loss of the 2016 election in this book. However, taking responsibility for the loss does not mean she can't also describe and bring to light all the incidences that foiled her well earned chance to be the first female president of the U.S. This memoir is eye-opening, it is raw, it is intelligent, and it is honest. I bought and read it immediately upon it's release in 2017 and I've had a year to  reflect on it. It is surreal to see how right she was all along. I've always supported her and I always will. Nobody will tell me anything that Hillary herself has not already revealed. Nervelessness, there will always be those who don't give her credit for all her accomplishments and all the good she has done. This memoir highlights those accomplishments perfectly and it was inspiring to read every revelation.<br/><br/>While reading, there were times I teared up, while other times I had to put the book down temporarily because it was maddening to read how so many people undermined her in order to see her fail. The thing is though, Hillary is stronger than anyone gives her credit for. In this book, I am grateful that in addition to all the insider details on the election, familiar known factoids, and eye-opening stats, she also shows what a formidable woman she is through her confessional and cathartic writing style. Say what you want, but the FACTS  remain:<br/><br/>1. She won the popular vote by over 3 million people in 2016!  65,844,610, to be exact, and more votes than any candidate for president has ever received other than Barack Obama].<br/>2. She was the first female candidate to be nominated for president by a major U.S. political party.<br/>3. As secretary of State, she left the State Department with some of the highest approval ratings of anyone in public life.<br/>4. She won the NY Senate Race twice!<br/>5. As First Lady, she was the great woman next to the great man who successfully ran and won president of the United States twice!<br/><br/>'What Happened' is a fantastic read. For all her supporters like me, for all her detractors, for historians, for political analysts, for every citizen of the United States who cares about the country - this book is for you. In the decades and centuries to come, when historians and academics write new history books, Hillary Clinton will be vindicated. Future generations who will have even greater insight than we do now, will see that what happened in 2016, was a strong and tirelessly working woman who gave it her all, every step of the way.<br/><br/>I highly recommend every voter and every non voter to read this. Like I did, I also recommend you read it with a highlighter in hand so you can highlight passages and paragraphs as you go. There are countless gems. 5 full stars!
 Loved it!  I felt, Hillary wrote her true thoughts and feelings from her heart.  She has very valid points.  It is written is such a way, I felt I was sitting at the kitchen table drinking coffee with her engaged in a wonderful conversation.  This was an excellent book to read.
 Great book.  only wish she was the president.
 This book is a compilation of well known incidents from the campaign. Little is new. She raises valid points, but doesn't directly address how she managed to lose to the least popular and least qualified Republican candidate in 150 years.<br/>Her discussion of her "listening tours", is cringeworthy, and should be read by future candidates so that they don't make the same mistakes.
 It wasn't my fault...wah wah wah!!
 Within the first few pages I had tears from her beautiful thoughts and was dreaming of what it would be like if she had won the election very well written
 Infuriating, funny, moving and tragic.<br/><br/>It's all here.<br/><br/>Thank you Hillary Clinton.
 It was at the Public Library and I read some of it.  If she wants sympathy, she will need to work on the story and facts.
 Heartwarming and at times devastating, Hillary's account of the 2016 election is required reading for anyone who's still "with her".
 Not as hard hitting and detailed as I would have liked. No real "insider" info and timeline reactions.
 Very good read!
 This book title is not in question form. Hillary tells us what happened. And it is not merely her opinion, but carefully researched and annotated. Does she take responsibility? Yes. Does she take it ALL? No.<br/>Two biggies that helped cause her loss: James Comey and the Russians. A third would be the media.<br/>First, Comey (FBI Director) was looking into Clinton’s email “scandal.” She used a private email server instead of the government one. All in all, zero classified documents went public because of this. It was a tempest in a teapot. Yet Comey, just a week and a half prior to the General Election, released a letter to Congressional leaders that there were potentially more relevant emails to look into. (This was due to a laptop with sexually inappropriate contact with an underage girl, belonging to Anthony Weiner, whose wife Huma Abadein was an associate of Clinton.) Ultimately, Comey came back to say it was not relevant. But by then, anyone on the bubble had suspicion enough to doubt Clinton’s fitness for office.<br/>At the same time, Comey kept silent that there was an investigation into possible interference by Russia into our election, and that Trump’s campaign team may have been complicit. This is not poor judgment, rather, this is potential treason.  Why was one “investigation” made public, the other kept secret?<br/>Throughout the campaign, the press gave breathless “false equivalency” reports. Email server vs Treason. Admitted sexual assault vs a long ago forgiven spouse having committed adultery. For everything bad about Trump, there seemed a necessity to find something bad about Clinton. Not “equally bad” at all, just a false comparison as if they were of the same level.<br/>The book is very interesting, connecting some biographical information with policies Clinton has supported for decades, and how those would have come into play had she become President. The exhausting campaign trail is very real.<br/>The fake organizations and ads, coming from inside Russia, attacking Hillary with truly insane charges, had their drip, drip, drip effect. If you saw one as insane, maybe the second or third gave you pause, thinking “Where there’s smoke, there’s fire.” The Russians were quite effective in making Americans second guess Hillary, who truly was the most qualified candidate for President we’ve had in our lifetime.<br/>Clinton has made it clear she will not run for public office again. Her candor in this book points easily to the veracity of that statement.<br/>Disclosure: I am an officer in my local Democratic party. I caucused for Bernie Sanders, almost immediately afterwards seeing his attempt to harm good party members by attacking Superdelegates, I easily shifted my loyalty to Clinton, whom I’ve always respected. She earned both my Primary and General Election votes.
 This book was different from other books written by Clinton.  A lot of thought and soul searching.  Easy read.  Reflects her true mental and spiritual self.  Going to give book as gift to someone who would not vote for her only because she was part of the establishment.
 Brilliant read and very enlightening.  The things we didn't know.  Hillary didn't just crawl in a hole, she learns all she possibly can from every experience and wants to be part of the solution for our government, our families, and life.
 cool
 Good book ,educational
 In this “candid and blackly funny” (The New York Times) memoir, Hillary Rodham Clinton reveals what she was thinking and feeling during one of the most controversial and unpredictable presidential elections in history. She takes us inside the intense personal experience of becoming the first woman nominated for president by a major party in an election marked by rage, sexism, exhilarating highs and infuriating lows, stranger-than-fiction twists, Russian interference, and an opponent who broke all the rules.<br/><br/>  “At her most emotionally raw” (People), Hillary describes what it was like to run against Donald Trump, the mistakes she made, how she has coped with a shocking and devastating loss, and how she found the strength to pick herself back up afterward. She tells readers what it took to get back on her feet—the rituals, relationships, and reading that got her through, and what the experience has taught her about life. In this “feminist manifesto” (The New York Times), she speaks to the challenges of being a strong woman in the public eye, the criticism over her voice, age, and appearance, and the double standard confronting women in politics.<br/><br/>  Offering a “bracing… guide to our political arena” (The Washington Post), What Happened lays out how the 2016 election was marked by an unprecedented assault on our democracy by a foreign adversary. By analyzing the evidence and connecting the dots, Hillary shows just how dangerous the forces are that shaped the outcome, and why Americans need to understand them to protect our values and our democracy in the future.<br/><br/>My Thoughts: What Happened offered a glimpse into the campaign and her life leading up to it; a look at HRC’s reaction afterwards; and some solutions about how to move forward despite the negative ramifications for the election.<br/><br/>HRC showed us that forces at work have played on people’s fears and anger, and how a candidate who provokes the darkest thoughts and feelings can appeal to those who are searching for ways to release those emotions.<br/><br/>Clinton also discussed in depth how the timing of the email controversy, which had turned out not to compromise security in any way, had gained so much importance in the media and critically affected how people viewed her actions. Comey’s announcement of continuing the investigation after he had initially closed it made the whole thing worse. And then, when he backtracked, that fact had little effect. By the same token, Comey’s failure to bring out the Russian interference in a timely matter allowed the election to proceed without giving the voters information that might have made a difference.<br/><br/>I came away from the book with an enhanced frustration about how we access information, and how we decide what and whom to believe when there are so many conflicting voices out there. Especially when there appears to be a concerted effort by some to make it harder for citizens to distinguish between truth and lies.<br/><br/>An excellent book that took me a few weeks to read, since I perused just a few chapters at a time. 5 stars.
 This book is nothing more than lies and excuses, which is nothing new. I also want my $145.000.000 back
 I found it very interesting.  As a matter of fact, I was more sympathetic to Hillary's plight than I was right after the election.<br/>If you don't like her, then you could think of the book as making excuses, but if you have an open mind, I feel the book does<br/>a creditable job of explaining all of what she was going through.
 In a compelling narrative, Hillary Clinton describes the forces that led to the election of the most unqualified person ever to hold the office of president. It's a detailed, informative and thoroughly engaging book that covers many subjects, but anyone wanting to know why it happened should turn to the chapter entitled "Why" and read the third paragraph, where the author writes:<br/><br/>"I also think about the strong headwinds we faced, including the rise of tribal politics in America and across the globe, the restlessness of a country looking for change, excessive coverage of my emails, the unprecedented late intervention by the director of the FBI, the sophisticated misinformation campaign directed by the Kremlin, and the avalanche of fake news. Those aren't excuses--they're things that happened, whether we like it or not."<br/><br/>These factors undoubtedly played a role in the shocking outcome of the 2016 presidential election, as did the impact of voter suppression. I would also add one inescapable fact--if not for our antiquated Electoral College system, Hillary Clinton would be our president, and the people of this great country would not be living in fear of the ever-changing whims of Donald Trump.<br/><br/>In her final chapters, the author urges us not to give up, but to work together for what is best for ourselves and our country. In the words of Pope John XXIII, "Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what is still possible to do." A highly recommended book.
 This is a compelling and, frankly, necessary book. Other reviewers and critics argue that the book is either whining or unfounded blaming. Personally, I don't think that's at all fair. It's an analysis of the election by the person most deeply capable of discussing it. While she's not a particularly great writer in terms of style and approach (though she's a perfect acceptable writer regardless), the story she's telling is what matters. She tells that story in a way that feels honest, direct, and (consistently) deeply personal.<br/><br/>The book is, obviously, timely and noteworthy, even now a few months after its release. For instance, the section on the Russian meddling isn't breaking any new ground, but it's compelling and interesting to hear from HRC's point of view. If you've been following the story (specifically from the point of view that the meddling did occur and the current administration was complicit), it's a gratifying section to read, especially as the investigation moves forward.<br/><br/>While not every section and moment in the book delivers upon the title's What Happened promise (which is perfectly fine--I didn't read the book because I felt it would be a political science text), the most appealing parts are those that, instead of breaking down the campaign's outcome, focus on the personal impact of the campaign and its key moments. Predictably, she spends a good deal of time discussing the Democratic Convention and these stories really work, building her both as a representative of her party and beliefs, and as a mother and daughter. I was especially moved by the way she discusses watching Chelsea introduce her (and, really, most of the moments of the book in which she discusses Chelsea are moving and sincere) and thinking of her own mother. The moment of her accepting the nomination was significant enough from my own point of view--it was valuable to hear it from her point of view too.<br/><br/>Obviously, reading the book is an important part of understanding the book (and hopefully the other reviewers actually have read it, something I worry about slightly as I read through the,) but it's not the only part. The perception one has of HRC will not change after reading this. For me, I left the book liking a public figure that I already felt positive about. If you're critical of her, you'll find plenty of reason to remain that way. Personally, I like it when she questions, for example, Chuck Todd for arguing she was too prepared for the debates, questioning how someone can be overly prepared for something so important (212). If you like her, you'll see this as someone who calls out a person for an inane criticism (especially in contrast to her opponent being wildly underprepared for the debates, as is widely accepted). If you think she's awful, you'll see it as more whining. Hillary Clinton is a complicated and very real human being who, despite efforts to simplify her into a one-note villain, is still willing to present herself to the public eye. That's what the book is.<br/><br/>This isn't a farewell address, or the words of a political leader backing from responsibility. It's a memoir from a woman who has something to say, and regardless of the political leaning of the audience, a lot of people will forever be listening.
 interesting book
 I thought I wrote a review for this one. Sorry, after looking all over I somehow never did.<br/><br/>As I usually say about autobiographies, this is HER story, not what I think I wanted from her. But I agree with a fellow reviewer on GoodReads Jessica Mae Stover. For those reading on Amazon and Audible, you'll have to look it up on your own as they don't allow websites in reviews. Those on my blog enjoy.<br/><br/>In short, I listened to the Audible version and I felt she read her story okay. She didn't get screechy as she did on some of her speeches. But what little she did address she did a good job.<br/><br/>Granted she had a lot to deal with that no other person running has ever had to deal with. And with the political temperament since the election has been a bully pulpit supported by his own channel. Misinformation and lies are starting to come out into the light. Still, Hillary owned up to most of her own issues.<br/><br/>My biggest issue, and I know nobody is asking me, whereas Bernie addressed the poor, Hillary dismissed him and the poor. Her deal seemed to be directed at the middle-class and above. Those of us who have slipped out of her sight, those who used to be middle-class, who were the first affected by the mortgage issues and were not given any help when the house got beyond the income. Now many of us are too old to help ourselves up by our bootstraps. We can't afford the boots! Sure there are those with plenty of energy and health at our age, but we are not worth anyone's time in politics. She didn't address how we should get to the miracle cures out there, we can't afford to go to the doctors. She didn't address, nor did anyone except Bernie, those of us not able to afford to HELP them get into office.<br/><br/>That's all I have to say about that. Others loved this book, a few hated it. I guess to each their own. Still, I think it best reading things we might not like as we can learn something here and there.
 HILLARY CLINTON IS AN INSPIRATION<br/>Waiting for time to sit and read.
 It was hard to relive the election of 2016, but was very interesting to hear Hillary Rodham Clinton's perspective.  I enjoyed that perspective.
 This book is amazing and exactly why I have always supported Hillary Clinton.  Her intellect, world view, and integrity is something that I can align with and model as my own to follow.  Our country is blessed to have a public servant such as Hillary Clinton fighting to make the world a better place for everyone.  Onward Together!
 This book is amazing! I love her resilience and it tells you a great perspective of how she coped with her devastating loss.
 Reading this right now and getting a lot out of it.
 Required reading for every AMERICAN who is a patriot!
 This is honest,  insightful,  and beautifully written by a giant in American politics.
 So well written....as I read through all the roadblocks put in her way, my heart aches for this woman who certainly won the presidency. I thank Hillary with all my heart for all she has given to the country. I  and the world. I am over 85 now so I fear leaving this world without seeing another woman candidate. Thank you Hillary for the hope you gave us. You are much loved!
 So much of what Hillary wrote is coming to fruition on the nightly news. Recommend this book to anyone who wants to know more about 2016’s election.
 My politics are generally center left, a lot of my views align with Hillary and I am definitely not a Trump supporter. However, I was never excited about the prospect of her running and wanted to read the book. I'm a political junkie and get my news from various sources such as books, online and on TV from virtually all political leanings. I wanted to read What Happened because both sides of the political aisle bashed HRC and her book on the first day of its release, it's pretty easy to conclude a lot of them never even read it. To their credit, a lot of what HRC wrote about wasn't new or a surprise to me. If you follow politics reading about Comey, Sanders, and Trump's comments weren't anything new.<br/><br/>Here's what I found most telling/interesting about the book... There are a lot of references and quotes to movies/books/poems/etc that I have never heard of. I consider myself fairly well educated and when I have no idea where half her quotes are coming from it makes it hard to relate to. I can only imagine how others felt when seeing these quotes. Personally, I can't stand poetry and seeing so many quotes from poets was a huge turn off to me. I think HRC has always struggled to relate to people like Bill did, and the quotes didn't help. Despite a lot of these quotes making HRC even harder to relate to, it was refreshing to see that she talked about her frustration with a lot of the events during the campaign. HRC also does a really good job illustrating all of the opposition forces. I'm sure Romney and McCain could have written a similar book documenting similar events/groups that all worked to ensure their defeat if they wanted to. The most interesting part of the book for me was near the end when HRC broke down how little she lost Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin while citing a lot of statistics in relation to it. Good read.
 love the book..
 Refreshingly direct, heartfelt and honest. Reflective, raw and insightful. One part tortured but mainly empowering. Surprisingly personal which makes it a better book than I expected it to be.
 It struck me immediately (within the first few pages) what an intellectual Mrs. Clinton truly is, compared to the current leader who cannot string more than five coherent words together.<br/>I was not disappointed in her clear, concise (and yes, sometimes self-serving) thoughts and perspective on the 2016 debacle.  I did FINALLY learn what all that email controversy was really about, and her in-depth explanations of the Russian interference were eye-opening.  Overall, though, unlike her other books, I found a remarkable woman whose intelligence, knowledge, and perseverance were so unbelievably misunderstood by so many.  Mrs. Clinton's grace under fire, her strong personal relationships, her faith, and her love of country and family have made, at least for me, the current climate and supposed leadership unbearable.  No matter what your political proclivity, I strongly recommend this book ESPECIALLY for women.
 enjoyable
 This was an intelligent well-reasoned account of the election from Clinton’s point of view. She was fair, and she included a deep analysis of the influence Russia had on the election.
 Book is excellent.  Hillary is an excellent writer.  The quotes she used to precede each chapter were very appropriate for what was to come.  She apologizes for letting people down, BUT she has NOTHING to apologize for.  She did us proud!
 Read it and found out what really happened. I was so pleased that it was so very personal and, of course, tremendously insightful account of the 2016 campaign.
 Honestly, the book is an emotional series of whining comments based completely outside of the realm of proveable fact. I mean, I'm sorry Trump creeped you out in the debates. I'm sorry you believed (and apparently everyone else did) that you would win the election... but, like, where are the facts here?
 I am life long republican, and i voted for president trump in the 2016 election. I really thought that Hillary would be our president now. I wanted to hear Hillary's personal feelings about the election.. so i picked up this book,<br/>the pace goes rather quickly, and it's only boring in certain parts.<br/>She discusses how terrified she is of president trump, and his persona. she also admits where she fell short and is optimistic about the future of the democratic party. I really thought this book would be a smear campaign aimed at Donald trump, but surprisingly, Hillary was pretty respectful, given the circumstances.<br/>If the email investigation hadn't ever been brought to light, and James comey hadn't held press conferences, etc I think Hillary would be our president at this moment.<br/>She also mentions several times about abolishing the electoral college.  that is definitely something every american should pay attention to in the years to come.<br/>read this book with a open mind, and you will find it a good read.
 Vwry captivating book.. a very honest account from her perspective..
 In my opinion, I do not recommend this book.  It is not an easy read.  The book was packaged very nice and arrived in a timely manner.
 Love this book once I finally received it.  Ordered in Sept.; received in Nov.
 Looking at the outrageous, horrific things being done to our democracy, it is clear that Americans made the wrong decision in the 2016 election of Donald Trump. This is a well written and interesting book by the person who failed America in her bid to defeat Donald Trump. The real question is perhaps "What Did I Do Wrong?", which would have been a better title for her book. She was the one who had to stop Trump, and she didn't. That's "what happened". To the extent that we find out why and how America might prevent such disaster from crashing down on our nation again, there is some value here. But in no way is this the whole story. I enjoyed the book by reading it in the context that this is only one important perspective of a much larger story - one that is playing out every day now, and may ultimately spell the end to the greatness of the America I love as Trump happily services himself and his rich friends while turning world leadership over to his dictator friends in China and Russia. It could be decades before we know most of what happened, and is now happening. But one thing is clear: What happened was terribly wrong for America, and Hillary just had too many negatives to prevent the horrific outcomes of the Trump Presidency. Highly recommend book for historical perspective and interesting details about campaign from Hillary's viewpoint.
 Raw, informative, and scholarly
 I picked up 'What Happened' by Hillary Clinton from the library and read it over the weekend. In it she gives her experience of the 2016 election. As would be expected, this book portrays her in the best light. She comes across as self-aware, kind, diligent, expereienced, hard-working, thoughtful, determined... all the qualities you want in a president.<br/><br/>So, how did she lose to an oafish, rude, childish braggard with no experience in governing? The irony to this book is that Hillary Clinton can't really explain that. She explains the email scandal, the Russian hacks, the difficulties of being a woman in politics, the unfair criticism of the Clinton Foundation, Comey... and yet there's a sense that none of this should add up to such a loss.  These were all things that shouldn't have made a material difference, and yet they did.<br/><br/>The one thing I noticed is how much Clinton apologized. Throughout the book she takes ownership for mistakes and apologizes. She listens to criticism and apologizes, and she even takes responsibility for other peoples mistakes and apologizes. Contrast that to her opponent who was unapologetic on everything. This bodes poorly for politicians and humans in general. It seems that humility, and self-effacement are no match for rudeness and refusal to accept responsibility.<br/><br/>So, what happened? You won't find that here, but I came away from the book liking Clinton a whole lot more, and wishing things had turned out differently.  It was still a good read.
 Wonderful book. I feel like I got a sense of who Hillary Clinton is on a personal level. I call her a hero. She has persevered thru much in her life and still seems to me has survived with her integrity intact. It's a shame that most of our other political leaders haven't done the same, our country would be in a much better position.
 was an interesting book inciteful
 I have a table with a short leg. This worked perfectly.
 I got a lot of interesting highlights out of this book. I enjoyed reading about the election from HRC's perspective, as well as her post-mortem for what she felt went wrong (although this is also heartbreaking). I think she does a great job analyzing the different standards that men and women are held to who are in the public eye. Everything from clothing to overall professional experience is fair game, and I think she hits the nail on the head.<br/><br/>Long swathes of this book were a chore to get through. While entertaining to hear that she thinks flavor-blasted Goldfish are an abomination (and even though I heartily agree), some of this feels like an uphill battle to get through and in some ways buries the more important messages.<br/><br/>Highly recommended for HRC fans, 2016 election survivors, 2017 Presidential administration survivors, and I suppose any person in general who believes that there is so much more work to be done to make the U.S. a country that is fair and just to all people, of all races, religions, and backgrounds.
 Hillary Clinton gives us a very candid personal account of the days following her stunning defeat in the Presidential election of 2016. Never finger-pointing, she takes responsibility for her mistakes, but makes no bones about the climate of misogyny and the vicious smear campaigns that dogged her throughout her career and led to her defeat. I came away with even more respect for her intellect and integrity.
 I think some people are crazy. There has been a lot of criticism of Hillary after this book was released. Maybe we read a different book. This book plainly lays out Hillary's journey on the campaign trail before the 2016 election. She tells it all (or most of it) in a very honest way and while she takes ownership of her own shortcomings during the campaign she is not shy to call out the people and forces that worked against her; and they NEED to be called out. Her story telling also helps paint her as a normal person, someone who genuinely cares about others, and a person different from the individual demonized by her opponents.<br/><br/>One part of the book that really resonated with me mainly because it led to her losing the election was when she describes all of the missed opportunities she and her campaign faced running up to the election. It's great that she realized, after the fact, that she could have handled opportunities better but I feel like as someone so experienced in the game these were things she should have caught while on the trail and not afterwards. Based on her writings one really gets the sense that she attempted to be "safe" far too often and should have just done whatever it was she needed to do to win - while not compromising her dignity.<br/><br/>In any case, this is a great read. Go into it with an open mind and try to understand everything that went into her campaign and you will love the book.
 Excellent, honest, open , it made me feel as if I was talking with a friend.
 Like her or not (I happen to think she's pretty amazing) you will be entertained by this book. I've learned lots about what actually happens in campaigns and what happened to her in this one. Of course it's from her point of view, BUT..... so much info was thrown out there that was untruthful that it's interesting to see what really went on an what they were up against. Where she was when she was resting, how she kept up the grueling schedule and how she compartmentalized in order to stay sane! She's human, and just that is interesting. Oh yeah, and the fact she like jalapenos on her pizza...LOL!
 Well written text. It  exposes what I have always suspected, Hillary and Bill don't know that they are political dinosaurs. It's time to leave the political stage!
 Honest, insightful view of what hastened
 Given all the politics today and craziness I was glad to read her perspective. She is a bright and talented woman who could have offered our country a better future than we now have...but only time and history will tell.
 I just finished listening to this book in a marathon two-day time span.  I've met a lot of intelligent, well educated women over the years and never once have they "quoted" someone from the present or the past in a conversation.<br/><br/>Hillary Rodham Clinton seems to do so every couple of minutes or so.  It's amazing how often a situation she wrote about seemed to bring-to-mind a quote.<br/><br/>Based on the content of this book if I had to choose one word to describe Hillary Rodham Clinton it would be: “Intellectual”.  She thinks intellectually and speaks and writes as one.  A fine attribute to have once elected but it seems to be a serious detriment to getting elected.<br/><br/>Hillary Rodham Clinton seems to have written a memoir that would appeal to fellow “intellectuals” instead of writing for a much wider audience.
 An excellent read from the people's president! She is letting it all out.
 Easy to read. Good info on current events
 Good information even for Berniecrats
 So much has been said and written about how Hillary Clinton lost the 2016 U.S. Presidential election because she was a “flawed” candidate, and about her supposed inauthenticity.<br/><br/>In response to the question, ‘ Who is Hillary Clinton, really?’, large numbers of Americans have, in multiple ways, insisted she’s a liar, untrustworthy, a war-monger, an Establishment agent, a privileged white lady, a Lady Macbeth, unlikeable, avaricious, corrupt, criminal, vicious, and worse (enabler for a sexual predator, a murderer).<br/><br/>I’m not American. I’ve watched Hillary since 1992 (not before). I followed media and social media coverage of the 2016 campaign and election. I’ve read her autobiography Living History, and now I’ve read her memoir and analysis of the 2016 elections, titled What Happened, and I remain puzzled.<br/><br/>Not puzzled as to who Hillary is. Seems simple to me: she’s a Methodist. An over-achieving, hyper-capable, intellectually brilliant Methodist with a life-long dedication to public service.<br/><br/>My puzzlement continues over how it is that such large numbers of American citizens refuse to accept it can be so simple, and prefer to believe in Clinton as a bitch-witch Medusa.<br/><br/>These two recent publications – What Happened by Hillary Clinton, and The Destruction of Hillary Clinton by feminist academic Susan Bordo, a media critic and cultural historian – attempt to address public perceptions of who Hillary is, and other factors that contributed to her election loss, resulting in the triumph of President Donald Trump.<br/><br/>If you’re committed to the view that Hillary Clinton lost the election because she personally is “flawed”, or flawed as a candidate, I hope you will nonetheless continue reading. Most of this review focuses not on Hillary’s character and history, but on those other factors that combined to help undo her campaign.<br/><br/>In both Clinton’s and Bordo’s accounts, but most expansively in Clinton’s, other factors of vital public interest are identified:<br/><br/>Cyber warfare, also known as “active measures” – “semicovert or covert intelligence operations to shape an adversary’s political decisions” (Thomas Rid, Professor of Security Studies at King’s College, London).<br/>The war on truth – the phenomenon of “false news” and a transition within established media from traditional news values to news as entertainment: news for ratings, news as click bait, news to fuel a 24-hours news cycle.<br/>Inappropriate interference by State agencies in the electoral process, in breach of established protocols.<br/>The breakdown of Democratic voter solidarity, with voters taking their cues from dissenter Democrat or third party leaders.<br/><br/>In short:<br/><br/>Putin<br/>Emails<br/>Comey<br/>Sanders<br/><br/>At more length:<br/><br/>Putin, Wikileaks, cyber warfare and the war on truth<br/><br/>In the section of her book titled ‘Frustration’, which examines in depth specific issues and missteps within Clinton’s campaign that caused its failure, Clinton has a chapter titled ‘Trolls, Bots, Fake News, and Real Russians’. Whatever your personal views on Clinton, I recommend this chapter as a serious essay by a former Secretary of State on cyber propaganda as proxy warfare.<br/>Clinton summarizes:<br/><br/>“The January 2017 Intelligence Community report called the Russian influence campaign a ‘new normal,’ and predicted Moscow would continue attacking the United States and its allies. Given the success Putin has had, we should expect interference in future elections and even more aggressive cyber and propaganda efforts.  …]<br/>“We should also expect the right-wing war on truth to continue. As Trump faces growing political and legal challenges, he and his allies will likely intensify their efforts to delegitimize the mainstream press, the judiciary, and anyone else who threatens his preferred version of reality.”<br/><br/>Clinton suggests four steps:<br/><br/>A Special Counsel investigation in tandem with an independent commission with subpoena power, to “provide a full public accounting of the attack against our country and make recommendations to improve security going forward”.<br/>State and private sector partnership to plan and invest in improvements to U.S. networks and national infrastructure security, alongside acceleration of the U.S. military and intelligence agencies’ own offensive cyber and information warfare capabilities.<br/>Publicly calling out cyber enemies – Putin and Wikileaks – and taking tough measures against them.<br/><br/>“We need to beat back the assault on truth and reason here at home and rebuild trust in our institutions.” Social media and tech companies need to adjust algorithms, deactivate bot networks, partner with fact-checkers and generally clean up their platforms. Mainstream media need to reaffirm a commitment to rigorously uphold factual rather than speculative or unexamined reporting.<br/><br/>By implication (Clinton doesn’t spell this out), individuals need to educate themselves to better identify fake news and stop fuelling it: stop Sharing fake news, but also stop Liking and Commenting, as responses on fake news posts trigger the algorithms that spread these posts more widely.<br/>In What Happened’s final section, titled ‘Resilience’, in a chapter titled ‘Onward Together’, Clinton does strongly urge individuals to participate in public political conversation:<br/><br/>“If you’ve been keeping your opinions to yourself, try speaking out – whether that’s on social media, in a letter to the editor, or in conversations with friends, family, and neighbors. Your views are every bit as valuable as everyone else’s. You’ll be surprised by how satisfying it can be to express yourself. And chances are, once you take a stand, you’ll find you’re not standing alone for long. If all else fails, make a sign and show up at a protest.”<br/>Using the mantra “Resist, insist, persist, and enlist”, with the emphasis on “enlist”, Clinton recommends further civic engagement:<br/>“Register to vote.” Encourage friends, family and others to register too.<br/>“Get involved in a cause that matters to you.” Actively involved.<br/>Engage with our elected representatives.<br/>Run for office.<br/><br/>In that section titled ‘Frustration’, Clinton addresses at length avoidable mistakes she made. A chapter titled ‘Country Roads’ examines economic stagnation in rural areas previously dependent on the fossil fuel industries, states such as Kentucky, West Virginia and parts of Ohio. She examines the impact of her statement at a town hall meeting that “We’re going to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business”. This chapter is heartfelt and thoughtful, and I was astonished at her courage in subsequently fronting up to a public meeting in Mingo County in West Virginia, “arguably Ground Zero for the coal crisis”. Here the candidate ran a gauntlet of “several hundred angry protestors chanting ‘We want Trump!’ and ‘Go home Hillary’”. One woman had hands dripping red paint to symbolize blood and yelled accusations about Benghazi.<br/><br/>In this chapter Clinton does not make excuses. She presents a distressing picture of the plight of Appalachian communities and discusses the issues from multiple angles. She does provide the full context of that inflammatory, widely disseminated quote:<br/><br/>“Instead of dividing people the way Donald Trump does, let’s reunite around policies that will bring jobs and opportunities to all these under-served poor communities. So, for example, I’m the only candidate who has a policy about how to bring economic opportunity using clean renewable energy as the key into Coal Country. Because we’re going to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business, right Time? And we’re going to make it clear that we don’t want to forget those people. Those people labored in those mines for generations, losing their health, often losing their lives to turn on our lights and power our factories. Now we’ve got to move away from coal and all the other fossil fuels, but I don’t want to move away from the people who did the best they could to produce the energy that we relied on.”<br/><br/>In a later chapter in that section, titled ‘Why’, Clinton provides the context for the inflammatory quote about Trump voters being a “basket of deplorables”. Many Trump supporters, she continued, as quoted by Susan Bordo, are<br/><br/>“People who feel that the government has let them down, the economy has let them down, nobody cares about them, nobody worries about what happens to their lives and their futures. They are just desperate for change. Doesn’t even really matter where it comes from. They won’t wake up and see their jobs disappear, lose a kid to heroin, feel like they’re in a dead end. Those are people who we have to understand and empathize with as well.”<br/><br/>Comey and “those damn emails”<br/><br/>There is a chapter titled ‘Those Damn Emails’. Although the issue of Hillary’s use of a private email server during her tenure as Secretary of State dominated coverage of her presidential campaign, and ultimately, arguably, derailed it, the ‘issue’ was only ever a furphy. Federal Register regulations requiring that only government servers be used were brought in in 2013, after Clinton left office. She, like all previous Secretaries of State (Colin Powell and Madeleine Albright, for example), did use a private server, and used it for both government and personal email correspondence; this was not in violation of any protocol or law. That she chose to delete her personal emails prior to providing all work-related emails for examination was found to be a legitimate choice. (Powell and Albright, by the way, did not provide any emails for examination, despite official State Department requests.)<br/>Nor was Clinton guilty of improperly or carelessly disseminating classified emails. Even then-FBI director James Comey was obliged to retract his damning public verdict that Clinton had been “extremely careless” in her email use. Under questioning on 7 July 2016 (prior to the election vote), Comey acknowledged only three of 110 emails he had claimed were classified, out of more than 30,000 work emails provided, “had any kind of markings on them at all which would have alerted the recipient to their classified status. Those three, moreover, were marked (mistakenly, as it later turned out) only ‘internally,’ with tiny letter symbols pertaining to specific sentences within the emails” (Bordo).<br/>DEMOCRAT MATT CARTWRIGHT: You were asked about marking on a few documents, I have the manual here, marketing national classified security information. And I don’t think you were given a full chance to talk about those three documents with the little ‘c’s on them. Were they properly documented? Were they properly marked according to the manual?<br/>JAMES COMEY: No.<br/>CARTWRIGHT: According to the manual, and I ask unanimous consent to enter this into the record, Mr Chairman.<br/>CHAIRMAN: Without objection so ordered.<br/>CARTWRIGHT: According to the manual, if you’re going to classify something, there has to be a header to the document, right?<br/>COMEY: Correct.<br/>CARTWRIGHT: Was there a header on the three documents that we’ve discussed today that had the little ‘c’ in the text somewhere?<br/>COMEY: No. There were three emails, the ‘c’ was in the body, in the text, but there was no header on the email or in the text.<br/>CARTWRIGHT: So if Secretary Clinton really were an expert about what’s classified and what’s not classified and we’re following the manual, the absence of a header would tell her immediately that those three documents were not classified. Am I correct in that?<br/>COMEY: That would be a reasonable inference.<br/><br/>Across the presidential campaign, it’s been quantified that there was three times more coverage of Hillary Clinton’s so-called “email scandal” than there was on all her policy statements combined. The real scandal, according to Clinton and Bordo, is the way Hillary Clinton’s email use as Secretary of State was used as a political weapon to scupper her presidential campaign. Eleven days before the election FBI director Comey publicly announced further investigation into Clinton’s emails, even though the emails in question were subject to a wholly unrelated inquiry (into former congressman Anthony Weiner’s misuse of emails) and in the event turned out to be emails already examined months earlier during the closed inquiry into Clinton’s email use.<br/><br/>It violates protocols for an FBI director to publicly comment on an investigation in process, much less speculate about the possible reopening of a completed investigation where, in Comey’s words, “the FBI cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant”.<br/>But that’s what Comey did. Clinton makes a convincing case for Comey’s announcement on 28 October 2016 being the turning point and deciding factor in an election where, for all her “flaws”, she led as preferred candidate at and up until that moment. She believes that a small cabal of FBI agents in the FBI’s New York office pressured Comey into making public statements that amount to electoral interference. Bordo describes it as a “coup d’état”.<br/><br/>Sanders and the Bernie Bros<br/><br/>In What Happened, Hillary Clinton is relatively restrained in her criticisms of Democrat contender Bernie Sanders’ impact on her campaign’s outcome. At some points her anger shows through. At other points she acknowledges him positively. Her main objection to how Sanders managed his campaign and its aftermath is that he set up ‘stalking horse’ policy positions, positions that were so idealistic, so far towards the left, that there was no chance of being able to deliver them as legislation, but which served to discredit her credentials as a “progressive” and made her own policy positions, which Clinton considers to be on the same continuum but pitched more realistically, appear compromised. She objects to his unwillingness to rein in the online vitriol of his more extreme supporters and to correct mischaracterizations of her activist history and affiliations. She notes he was tardy in publicly supporting her campaign after she was confirmed as the Democrat presidential candidate. She points out that ultimately she lost the presidential vote by a slim margin of voters, and that had some Sanders voters not abstained or voted Green, history may have been different.<br/><br/>Susan Bordo is not at all restrained. Her chapter ‘Bernie Sanders and the “Millennials”’ is, at 30 pages, the longest chapter in her book The Destruction of Hillary Clinton. She makes many of the same points Hillary does, but much more angrily. Unlike Hillary, she expresses exasperation at younger feminist voters who say they saw Hillary Clinton as an Establishment candidate or that they didn’t see her feminist policies and politics as relevant. Bordo isn’t at her most convincing in this chapter. She comes across as patronizing younger voters, accusing them of ignorance or immaturity.<br/><br/>The candidate herself is very clear younger voters are the future. She concludes What Happened? with a section titled ‘Resilience’, where in chapters titled ‘Love and Kindness’ and ‘Onward Together’, where she argues the need fervently for common cause. In ‘Onward Together’, she chooses to conclude her book with an account of her May 2017 visit to her college alma mater, Wellesley, where she had been invited to deliver an address to the graduating class, 48 years after she had come to national attention as the first student to deliver an Ivy League college graduation address, an event covered by Life magazine.<br/><br/>What’s interesting to me, and frankly moving, given how clear it is from previous chapters how personally devastated Hillary Clinton was by her election failure, is that in these concluding pages Clinton chooses not to focus on the speech she delivered to the Wellesley graduating class, but on the speech delivered by the representative of that class, Tala Nashawati:<br/><br/>“… she compared her classmates to emeralds. ‘Like us, emeralds are valuable, rare, and pretty durable,’ she said. ‘But there’s something else emeralds are known for: their flaws. I know it’s hard to admit, especially as Wellesley students, but we all have a lot of flaws. We are incomplete, scratched up in some places, jagged around the edges.’<br/>I leaned in, curious. This is not what I had expected to hear.<br/>‘Flawed emeralds are sometimes even better than flawless ones’, Tala went on, ‘because the flaws show authenticity and character.’<br/>There was that word again, authenticity. But she was using it as a balm instead of a bludgeon. Flawed. How often had I heard that word over the past two years. ‘Flawed Hillary.’ But here was Tala defiantly reclaiming the word, insisting on the beauty and strength of imperfection.<br/>Now her classmates were leaning in, too. They snapped their fingers instead of clapping, as Tala smiled and built to her close.<br/>‘In the words of Secretary Clinton, never doubt that you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance in the world to pursue your dreams,’ she told the class of 2017. ‘You are rare and unique. Let yourself be flawed. Go proudly and confidently into the world with your blinding hues to show everyone who’s boss and break every glass ceiling that still remains.’<br/>Now the snaps gave way to cheers. I was among the loudest. I stood and applauded and felt hope and pride rising in my heart. If this was the future, then everything had been worth it.<br/>Things are going to be hard for a long time. But we are going to be okay. All of us.<br/>The rain was ending. It was my turn to speak.<br/>‘What do we do now?’ I said. There was only one answer: ‘Keep going.’”
 There's no doubt, Hillary is an intelligent woman.  And I think her intentions were honest.  BUT, I could hardly struggle through this book.  Hillary strikes out at anything she can to justify her incredibly not winning the election.  She stated she takes full responsibility, but does she really?  It's the emails, the Russians, the press, you name it, it was done to her.  Hillary desperately wanted to be the first woman president, and thought she had it in the bag.  The truths behind her loss are not acknowledged in her book.  What she sees as being strong came across as stoic.  She defended minorities and illegal immigrants to the point where the average American felt shunned.  Or deplorable.  I felt Hillary says what you want to hear and it made her secretive.  I haven't finished the book, it's a dull read:(((  Nothing you haven't heard before (sour grapes).  I don't dislike her, she just needs to get over it and find another project.  Don't recommend What Happened.
 Well written. A clear look back over the campaign.
 Good Read......she should have been President !
 The book is a compendium of excuses and lies. I would not recommend reading it.
 Super raw and open.  Just love the writing although I am still so confused on what happened and more so how it continues to happen but this is a great and important read.
 I wish everyone would read this book. I plan to buy and send to those, especially women. Who I know voted for Trump. Hillary, I am happy that you are able to let down your guard and show the real you. We all missed out not having a caring intelligent human in the white house. Thank you Hillary, Bill and Chelsea for all you have done for our country and mankind.
 I enjoyed this because Hillary provided insights through her introspection into why she ended up in politics, her struggles running in 2008 (the primaries vs. Obama) and 2016 (vs. Trump), and how she could have done things differently. It's apparent that she has spent many hours, days, and even weeks thinking about why the 2016 presidential election went the way it did. She doesn't pull any punches, against herself or others, and I think provides as fair an assessment as possible for having been the one in the middle of it all. There is plenty of statistical data (not alternative facts) presented to support her judgments during the campaign as well as her analysis of the results. She truly discusses what happened in all the stages, in depth and with a sincerity I wasn't completely expecting.<br/><br/>Note: I moved this from 4 to 3 stars because it's long. It never felt excruciating to read, but it was tiring at moments...the book would have benefited from heavier editing.
 This book was actually a whole lot better than I thought it would be. I voted for Hillary and so I was interested in how she viewed what had happened. It was not the least bit boring or whiny. I felt I learned a lot and it makes for a good read. The prose is stylish and there is quite a bit of history thrown in for those interested in learning about the political process.
 She must be kidding.
 Being Argentine and therefore foreign to the USA, this book helped me  understand the reasons and motivations that led to the last American election outcome. Hillary is honest, candid and at the same time so human and bright. Definitely worth reading. She would have made a good president.
 EXCELLENT
 Amazingly well-written. Honest &amp; forthright. It's easy to tell how intelligent this woman is. I can only read it in small bits at a time tho'- I get depressed thinking about how much better off we would be as a nation if she'd won.
 Hilary gives a great account of what went wrong with a reasonable coverage of her part in it. Kind of reads like the intro to her next campaign. Reads well as Trump continues to blunder along. What was America thinking?!?!
 Great information, well written.
 I don't know how Senator Clinton managed to write this after all the things that happened to her, unfair and abusive, unreasonable and true to the trump junk coming out of his mouth and "brain."  But she admits her own failings also.  Very good book by a very intelligent woman.
 I went to read the reviews to see if it was a slow start. So far nothing new. I voted for Hillary.  I feel that, of course she would have made a much better president. But please, a good editor would be appreciated here. I will keep going in search of "What Happened." I am starting to have an appreciation  for Trump's flash - no, wait - did I really say that aloud?  Well , all I can say is a glacial start. I think I will start skimming and see if Hillary says …like…anything.…zzzzzz…
 This was excellent. Hillary said that she was going to get "Dragnet" with her own investigation of Trump/Russia, and she wasn't kidding. This thoughtful public servant bares her soul in this memoir, no matter how difficult it may be. It's a great behind the scenes look that sheds light upon the horror that would eventually unfold on 11/9/16. Once again, HRC proves that she truly cares about people. And that the media is still wildly misogynistic.
 She's an incredibly candid and captivating writer. Her book tells a story of a couple we've known for a few decades, but gives us the intimate details of their relationships that helps us to better understand them as real people, with hopes and dreams just like us.
 The picture looks great but the item is very tacky and awkward on. If you are seeking something sleek and nice, this ain’t for you.
 Answered all my questions!!!
 Love getting to literally here Hillary share her point of view. You can tell there is something inherently good about her. She does feel kind of forced and stiff in her narrative at certain points where it seems more like the encouragement of others to include things. When she talks business, it’s authentic. Her interactions with those she admires- authentic. Her sharing personal stories and anctidotes feels like she’s giving away something she’d rather keep a personal treasure but media and public judging have coerced her to include in attempt to find her relatable.
 Well written, well documented and interesting read.
 I love the book! I am so sick of all the lies and hate from the right and the Bernie bros (though I've always loved Bernie). She won the popular vote and everyone who lives in reality knows that both the years of lies and persecution by jealous Repub politicians, and Comey's late interference caused her to lose votes.
 Great read. So well written and interesting to read.
 Good book
 Great book!
 I was grateful to hear her side of the story. And, she told it so eloquently.
 I was anxious to read the book as I heard two men on TV say it is all about blaming someone else.  I did not find it to say that at all.  Hillary opens herself to the world and reveals all the emotions women would expect, and I want  to thank Hillary for doing that.  I loved learning more about her devotion to family and her eternal love for children.  She only tells what she knows about "What Happened" and gives herself blame where she saw it that way.  It is about facts rather than blame.  I believe some men will read into her story what they want it to be.  As for me, Hillary's book has given me the greatest respect for her.  Our country lost a great opportunity to have a most intelligent and truly caring president.
 A folksy report of a sad event.
 So beautifully written. I️ cried and I️ did not want it to end. Thank you Madame President for your courage, your intelligence, your grace, your work ethic. You are the whole model for so many of us. We will keep going!
 Listen to words of someone who lived this era.
 You can hear her voice clearly, but she seems to be more interested in blaming others than giving on an inside look at a Presidential campaign.  Not sure if I will be able to finish it.  I did vote for Clinton and respect her, but this book would have been better if she had waited a year or so when emotions were not as intense.
 I found the book informative with a bit of humor here and there.<br/><br/>  Before reading this book I had no idea what Hillary's mother had gone through in her childhood.  Hillary included some statistics about voters, and I found those interesting.<br/><br/>  I appreciated the inclusion of the short poem written for Adlai Stevenson after he lost the election to Dwight D. Eisenhower.  I had to chuckle at the solution for warming up the Quest bars on the plane, too.<br/><br/>  The book had at least 7 errors that the editor should have corrected.<br/><br/>  The book tells how Hillary coped with the loss of the electoral votes and how she is continuing to help others through Onward Together.<br/><br/>  How appropriate for her to include the quote from John Greenleaf Whittier:  For all sad words of tongue and pen, the saddest are these: "It might have been."
 HRC writes well and it was a fun, insightful read.
 From being stalked by Trump during a d3bate to her honest reflections of the need for election reform this is a blow by blow account of a presidential race fraught with innuendo about Clinton's inability to compete with a narcissistic emotionally immature man who may have stole the election.
 The Book is GREAT!  Great price too!!!!!
 Great read, wonderful gift, happy surprise!
 I loved a great deal of this book, and could not have NOT read it. I needed to know the inner details of November 8, 2016, and most of all had to know that my longest lived shero is OK. Almost impossibly strong and yet deeply human, Hillary did not let me down.  She DID go on and on and on at times, but she never let me down once. This work is a gem.
 A must read for all real Americans.
 great book!
 I was very surprised at the negative reviews on this book. What I read was a startling and all-too-true account of how a (supposedly enlightened) nation decided to vote against the best-qualified candidate because of propagated falsehoods, conspiracy theories and blatant sexism.  The issues raised in this book go far beyond one election in 2016 - they show the blatantly scary state of the the world today, and the same issues are being faced in elections and everyday lives across the globe. Highly recommended.
 Beautifully written. She would be a wonderful President.
 Very personable and insightful. Wish she were president.
 The best book by Hillary Clinton that I have ever read. Trust me I read them all! It is so personal and went into details all the preparation for the campaign as well as the events that unfold later. It does not contain, or at least not intended to contain, any polical agenda. It’s purely a recount of her experience during one of the most controversial campaigns in US history. Highly recommend it. A must read for anyone!
 The book goes into a lot more than the election. It also tells about her personally and how she got to where she is now in a very insightful way. She's an amazing woman and I can't help but wonder where we would be RIGHT NOW if "What Happened" was that Trump lost.
 Interesting to read an account of the election from Hillary's viewpoint. The book reads like she is just having a conversation with the reader.  In some ways this seems to be the first time in her life she's been able to be completely open with us about her experiences in her career. Excellent.
 ABSOLUTE GARBAGE.
 Loved it!
 Great insight into the campaign. Contrary to her critics, Hillary Clinton takes responsibility and let's us see the human side to her feelings in the aftermath. She is still to be admired for her 30 years of service to the country and her gutsy fight. Unfortunately, she was overtaken by an opportunistic fraud.
 I really like what Mrs Clinton has to say.  It is thoughtful, provocative, and inspiring.  I do hope that all the people who have like minded ideas, follow through.  I am one of the very sadly disappointed people who think Trump is inept and seemingly unable to understand what many people, including elderly, poor, and disenfranchised people seem to need and want.  I think that there should be term limits on Congress, including House and especially Senate members.  I also think that in order to run, they should have to live on the most common income of all Americans for a year.  I also like what I read once a long time ago, that they should have a limited time to actively run for their positions as Great Britain does or at least as they used to do.  I think I read that it was six weeks then.  Two or three years is way too long.
 She acknowledges total responsibility for her loss. She also finds far to many excuses.
 A real presidential person!
 Amazing book. Glad I waited a bit to finish. I am worried about the leadership void in the country now. Nothing is going well. Especially for that generation of people in their Forties. Work is hard, rarely vacation. College to expensive for their kids. The book helps explain why we are where we are.
 I bought this book for my 91 year old mother.  She thought it was "embarrassing."  I don't think this will entice McCain, Rommney or Gore to write a similar book.
 Good book. If you don't like her, skip it. I like her. She is open and honest and gives us behind  the scenes info.  I think she bared her soul in this booking
 good read
 Well written book that is insightful and detailed.  A must read in today’s political climate, if you ask me.
 Honest, authentic account of a very difficult loss.  The chapter on sexism and misogyny rings true to the experience of many women in public life.
 Enlightening
 I love you, Hillary Rodham Clinton.
 Recommend also reading Donna Brazile's book "Hacks" that describes how Hillary's corruption in manipulating the DNC in her lust for power and rigged the DNC nomination.
 I love this book but am admittedly having a hard time finishing it. I am finding it very emotional -- everything from tears to anger to despondence. So, I am reading it in small chunks. I am now about 2/3 of the way through.<br/><br/>Despite some other reviews, I think that this is a fair and honest assessment of her experience as a candidate. I found that she has repeatedly taking blame and then also tried to explain why some things happened or didn't happen.  I don't think that is making excuses, I think it is explaining. Of course opinions on this will be impacted by one's own political viewpoints.<br/><br/>But in my opinion, if you see any reviews that say she is just making excuses and blaming others, I think they may not have actually read the book.
 Excellent
 Love it
 A bit didactic, but a very good read (listen).  Hilary did a careful job of countering all the arguments that she caused her own demise.  She also provided a precis to the Mueller indictments.  Certainly worth reading.
 No "excuses", but an overview of this campaign and yes, in hindsight, some things she would have done differently. I voted for Hillary, and I read the book. At the end, a compelling plea to get involved and make a difference. Definitely not a pity party, as some reviewers seem to think.
 I think that it is good but it was a birthday present for my daughter and I have not read it but she is happy with it.
 People said that Hillary was just whining about her loss.  However, I did not see any whining.  Just a straight out commentary on the inside of the campaign as well as taking total responsibility for her decisions.  Also a lot of information about what she wanted to accomplish if she had been elected and would still be working for on the outside of politics.  Hillary also talked about her relationships with Bill and rest of family and friends.  She is a lovely, intelligent, hard working person and I feel the country lost a great deal by not electing her.
 Judging by many of these reviews, it's obvious that many like Hillary and many do not. . I found this  excellent book something that she needed to write and if for no one else, she needed to write it. This book was her therapy, her coming to grips with her stunning loss.  For someone so talented, smart, certainly more than qualified to be president, I cannot even imagine the pain.  She also has a powerful message that in spite of who is in the White House, we must all protect our democracy and our values. The days are dark - the truth is challenged everyday.  I was with her back then, still am.
 This book lacked substance.  It was mainly about HRC's life and less about "what happened."  Total disappointment.
 Boring!!!
 I loved this book, good interesting reading, recommend.
 Great stories!  I am enjoying the stories of Hillary's view of many events associated with the election.
 I admire Hillary Clinton!  She is an excellent role model in her public life as well as her private life,  with stamina and endurance.
 This is a brilliant woman.
 Interesting book.
 Good book.
 No stars from me.  Well they forced a star, grr. All the reviews are negative yet this book is put on display with high star marks,  hmmm. More lies
 If you want to know just an "inth" of what HR Clinton experienced and felt, publicize you are reading What Happened and watch/read/listen to the pilloried comments flung at you. And, then poll those commentors on when they read they book and see that zero read it...it's just the "opinion".<br/>Right.<br/><br/>I found this book a compelling read. Yes, she vented her feelings, but venting and drinking Chardonnay proved to be unpalliative.<br/><br/>While she admitted to not leaving her home much after her defeat, she also added she didn't like the idea of mourning the rest of her life "like Miss Havisham from Charles Dickens' Great Expectations, rattling around my house obsessing over what might have been".<br/><br/>What really will surprise many readers is the fact she starts the "blame game" by apologetically<br/>blaming herself. However, she does manage to share the blame with others. E.g., the news media who, she writes, would spend half an hour on her emails and maybe 2 minutes on her policies.<br/><br/>It's been reported and undisputed that HR Clinton was the most experienced candidate in the 2016 election for president of the USA, so I don't need to repeat that here. Oh, wait; I just did. Trump once Tweeted he was the most "qualified" candidate but the qualifications for being president are easy to attain; a candidate must be 35 years old and be a natural born citizen of the United States. So, everyone running could say they were "qualified".<br/><br/>Other items HR Clinton wrote about include:<br/>1. What it's like being a woman in politics ("In politics, the personal narrative is vital.") and explaining it is excruciating and humiliating: "...it begins: the analysis of the face, her body, her voice, her demeanor, the diminishment of her statue, her ideas, her accomplishments, her integrity."<br/>2. A chapter on being a daughter, a wife, a mother, and part of the sisterhood and another on turning mourning into a movement.<br/>3. She shared her thoughts on idealism and realism, frustration with "those damn emails", "trolls, bots, fake news, and real Russians", election night and the big "Why".<br/>4. She admits and accepts responsibility for her blunders; e.g., believing her largest blunder was saying "We're going to put a lot of coal minders and coal companies out of business" and the damaging description of half of Trump's support base being "the deplorables".<br/><br/>If you're really interested in reading this book but want to know more about it, there are scores of reviews and comments about those reviews you can use to judge and make your decision. This is not a review of Hillary Clinton. This is my opinion of her book and whether or not it successfully accomplished what she set out to provide. I think she did accomplish it with plumb; in her political life, she accomplished something noteworthy and extremely unusual -- she served her country and was the first woman to be a candidate for President of the United States of America. She lost. She lived that misery but she does a pretty good job of not drawing the reader into her personal misery.<br/><br/>I sincerely consider this a book I would recommend.
 I ordered the wrong item ! I thought it was a Romba vac but something else! I think it was put in the wrong category as rumbas! But all amazon employees were so nice to address the problem!
 Great book. Gives good insight into HRCs world during the rigged election.
 The best
 Hillary wrote a book here that is filled with data and information, not just a personal memoir.  She details the inner working of her own campaign during the 2016 election,  as well as offering interesting facts about campaigns and politics in general. It is a must read for anyone, whether you voted for her or not, as you will gain a great deal of insight into the campaign process as well as her history. Highly recommended.
 I have only read a few chapters but it's awesome. So, sad, but yet so inspiring...
 Great book
 This book, like everything in Hillary Clinton's public (and sometimes private) life, has been controversial. Many have said that she blamed everyone else for her loss. Not true. She takes full responsibility, but like the policy wonk she is, she also points out and breaks down what was, and is, going on in our society and in politics.<br/><br/>The 2016 election did not take place in a vacuum. Trump tapped into a rage in this country that is lashing out at everyone "different." As our country as moved towards equality for all, those who have always been "first among equals" feel slighted. She discusses that, she discusses the voter suppression and gerrymandering that has been put into place over the years, she discusses feminism, she discusses Putin and the Russian incursion into our elections.<br/><br/>She had me reliving the campaign and the election, both the highs and lows. I believe that the 2016 election and the aftermath will change this country. I have to believe that it will change it for the better, and that Trump's celebration of the worst in us all will cause a backlash. I believe the recent elections in November 2017 in Virginia and New Jersey are the beginning of that. E pluribus unum.
 Awesome read!
 Like the candidate herself, the writing is thoughtful, intelligent and ... Presidential.
 It is a very good book. HRC seems very sincere
 Excellent
 I'm sure I would love it but don't remember ever getting it.  ???????????
 Good reading
 This is the writing of a President. I was laughing, crying, and shaking my fist right alongside her words. I really think we missed the mark on this last election. But I'm galvanized, now more than ever, to fighting for progress. Thank you, Madame Secretary, for your grace, intelligence, compassion and wit!
 Changed my life for the better
 I enjoyed reading Hillary version of what happened on 11/6/2016.  She is a very insightful bright woman who would have made a great president.
 An excellent read.
 Looks like a kindergartner wrote this!!!
 the best thing about this fiction is it usefulness as a paper weight.....
 Could not put this one down.  I would find myself lost in the story hours later and needing to go to sleep.  Must read and helpful to understand what Hillary would thinking and feeling while history was happening.  Also great to see her thoughts post election as she goes through the healing process.
 I read a review of this book in the Guardian which wasn't a good one and boy was it wrong! She couldn't have been more honest, soul searching and introspective in her serious analysis and dissection of her candidacy. We are lucky she will keep going on fighting for women and children as she has her entire career.
 The title of this volume is WHAT HAPPENED. That is NOT a question. It is an implied statement: This is what happened, these are some of the reasons I lost the 2016 election. With great power and sensitivity, Clinton opens a pandora's box of theories and questions and, backing them with highly resarched stats and data, proceeds to explain why, in her understanding, she lost to "he whose name will not be mentioned."<br/>With honesty, integrity, and not a little bit of humor, she lays it all out so her readers, regardless of party affiliation, can decide if they agree. But, very importantly, she not only reviews the past but offers hope for the future and suggests clear policies about how our democracy can be saved and healed. Heartfelt anecdotes about her family and living in the public eye add a warm authenticity to the book. Remarkable story by a brilliant human being.
 Very concise, understandable and a good view of her thinking. It explains quite a bit about the process and what happened during the 2016 election
 Checked this out at the library.  The amazing thing about this book is.... she still doesn't get it.  Beneath the ramblings of a power-hungry narcissist lies the truth of a failed candidacy whose divisive identity politics played directly into Trump's hand.  To any who aspire to run against Trump in 2020: instead of going for the LGBTQ/black/women/Latino/senior votes, go for the AMERICAN vote.  Instead of singling out one group for preferential treatment, explain what you will do for the benefit of EVERYONE.
 Nothing incredibly new since I followed the election closely, but it was HONEST, poignant and logical. It didn't answer ALL the questions as we have yet to have all the answers, but it gave a compelling and rational point of view that makes sense to most Americans as most of us experienced it the exact same way and have the exact same concerns she has. Regardless of how very non-fictional &amp; non-explosive it was to me personally, I felt it quite valuable to have a written version of events that I can access later for reference because I have a feeling this entire mess is far from over!
 I bought this book as soon as it was released but waited to read it.  It was well worth the wait.  This is the first book of hers that seems unfiltered and written without regard to the next election.  As a woman, I found it to be deeply touching and almost painful to read but her good humor and relentlessly analytical approach makes the book compelling and readable.  Contrary to some of the reviewer assertions, she does explain “what happened,” while placing her life and candidacy in a broader societal context.  For everyone who didn’t give her a chance in the election, it is worth a read to hear directly from her.  And for those who did support her, you’ll be fascinated by her inside story.
 So sorry it ended this way!!
 Great insight into a political campaign and what Secretary Clinton believes went wrong in 2016. Much of the book in my opinion is blaming others for her shortcomings. Despite that fact, I found it to be a good read. This is a must read for anyone interested in the political genre regardless of party affiliation.
 Worst book ever written. Really, what happened? Apparently taking responsibility means not taking responsibility.  Funny how she recounts how  her skinned crawled when Pres. Trump was "invading" her space- That is why you did not win, identity politics. Problem with labeling people is that those are the same people you will lead. It's one thing attacking policies from your opponent but attack Americans that's when you Fail. That's "What Happened"....
 I enjoyed this book but felt there was a lot of finger-pointing, which is to be expected, but I just expected more.
 I’m a political junky and wanted to read what mrs Clinton had to say about the craziest election in my lifetime. I think I will break my review into three parts.<br/><br/>1. This book could have been half as long and more on point. At 464 pages of readable text, the first half had nothing to do with the election. Mrs Clinton talks about her mom and Bill and how wonderful her daughter and grandkids are. That’s fine but change the title if you want to talk about other stuff so the reader knows what to expect. “My political journey” or “my life” would be fine. One of my pet peeves is incorrectly titled books. After page 250 or so we finally get to the title and the election. Way too long into it.<br/><br/>2. Mrs Clinton and I have an affinity for hot peppers and hot sauce. She’s welcome at my house anytime for that. We could sit around and discuss policy and I’m sure we could agree on some things. I don’t think she’s unreasonable in her desire to help the country. I would enjoy the conversation.<br/><br/>3. I think my final analysis as to a contributing factor for her loss is lack of touch with everyday American life. She points out in the book that she hasn’t driven a car in 25 years and that her suits are designed my Ralph Lauren. You may have round table discussions with everyday Americans but as soon as that’s over its back to the Clinton life which no one else is leading.<br/>She gives a speech at Goldman Sachs for 400k which I have no problem with but the people you are asking to vote for you have never seen 400k. You complain about income inequality but again 400k for a few hours is sure bad optics as she would say.<br/><br/>She wants women to be strong and to raise their voices yet she is married to a philanderer at best and something else at worst. He’s her best friend. I have the utmost respect for my friends. It sounds disingenuous to be. My opinion. My wife would kick me out if I cheated on her once. To do it more than once is outrageous. What message is that sending to young women? I’ve never been able to reconcile this issue with mrs Clinton.<br/><br/>Finally the emails. I live in the greater Washington DC area and have spoken to numerous people who work for various government agencies and they have stated without hesitation that it is very clear that you never, ever get your email accounts mixed up or put things on personal computers that deal with government stuff. So her ignorance and the people around her’s ignorance seem amazing to me. I think the real reason she is sorry is because she got caught. In her privileged world, it never dawned on her that what she did was a problem.<br/><br/>One more thing. She has a love hate relationship with the New York Times. Great reporting but don’t report on the emails. Come on Hilary! They lean left! Oh and you forgot to mention how you got some questions to a debate ahead of time from Donna Brazile. Slipped your mind I’m sure. No dirty tricks for you. You’re as sweet as pie. Everyone else was doing Nixon style stuff except you. Ugh.<br/>Both candidates were deeply unpopular. Both had high negatives with baggage galore. Maybe we can do better in 2020.
 Wonderfully sad.  The truly elected President.  What a sad country this is!
 Her intelligence and great humanity.Her caring,experienced abilities are profiled here without doubt  Great ambassador for America<br/>And Americans were robbed of her presidency by a corrupt voting system which allows dead slave owners to control the election with a lopsided so
 So glad that Hillary wrote this.
 Her vision illuminated mine and underscored my fears and panic.  But her hopeful conclusion helped me to believe again that "love trumps hate".  May it ever be so!
 Waste of time and money.
 She examines the progress of her 2016 campaign (and gives us a good deal of information about her life before that.) Along the way, she makes a good case for the influence of factors beyond her control, like the Comey announcements and the excessive focus on relatively trivial matters like her email server. She also owns up to quite a few mistakes on her part.<br/><br/>So the folks who claim she takes no blame are mistaken. It can be argued that she doesn't go deeply enough into the flaws of the campaign. For example, she blames Bernie Sanders for attacking her but barely mentions his popularity with younger voters or the fact that his positions pulled her to the left. I'm willing to cut her some slack on this, thinking that her monumental failure is still fresh in her mind and it will take her some time to fully come to terms with it.
 Very informative, extremely well written.  And although a bit dry at times it was still a very good read.
 I couldn't stop reading. Well written and honest. I went through so many emotions while reading what she went through. Thank you Hillary for all you did fur your country and women!!! My heart broke on election night and it was a comfort to read what class you had going through it and how strong you are. I was moved.
 Ms. Clinton comes off as genuine and open. For the record she does take responsibility for a lot of what happened.
 A must read for those who are asking the question
 Excellent book.  Takes a subject which can be dry and writes in an informed and engaging way
 This is a brilliant book which does a thorough autopsy on the 2016 Clinton campaign and election.  Hillary allows her emotions to show in the pages.  Because this was such an unusual political climate, I wish she had showed more of these emotions, especially the anger, during the campaign.<br/><br/>While the book is very well written and reads very smoothly, I found it a very emotional read and it probably took me almost as long to read it as she took to write it.  I would become so angry or sad, I would have to set the book aside for awhile.<br/><br/>I heard so much in the press about Hillary blaming others for her loss, I was not sure what to expect.  What I found is that Hillary takes too much responsibility for her loss.  There were conditions that she could not have controlled nor be expected to control, yet she apologizes and feels guilty for those things.  I think there was a little more blame she could have leveled in this book but instead took full responsibility for her loss.<br/><br/>I am glad she wrote this book so we could get her inside viewpoint of this bizarre political season.  Because of her professionalism, I sometimes wondered if she saw what those of us in the field saw.  It was nice to see she did see so much of it, but chose to run a traditional adult political campaign against a totally non-political opponent.  I have heard people say Hillary should not have written this book and I say there is no one better.  She knows her experience better than anyone else.<br/><br/>The book is very well organized.  I enjoyed the quotes she threw in to divide the sections.  It made the book that much more personal.<br/><br/>After reading the book, I wanted to become her friend.  Her warmth, compassion and loyalty are desperately needed in this world.
 Clear, smart, simple common sense and decency.  A constant reminder of what this country lost and what a folly we received.  Too bad that the people who could benefit most from reading the book will be the ones most unlikely to do so.
 Excellent book. I'm not prejudiced because I am a woman or because I  wanted HTC to be elected. Her account of the happenings during the election appear to be more credible than others. Also I feel there was a considerable amount of dishonesty going on in the presentation by the Republican presidential candidate.
 What happened is that the GOP had more than 20 years to dig up or make up as much dirt as they could to throw at her. Truth or lies, over the years lots of it stuck. The GOP invented fake news and have a network devoted to it. There was no excuse for voting for crazy Donald, and the majority did not vote for him, but our election system doesn't give the win to the person who gets the majority of the votes. We are now all paying the terrible price. Let's hope we survive it. I'm not at all sure we will.
 Boycott this stupid foolish deceitful book and read instead Brazile's book, which should be titled "What Really Happened"!
 Well written!<br/>Interesting read.
 Insightful, gutwrenching, intelligent, and even funny. I will always love Hillary Clinton, and I sincerely thank her for this honest assessment of the 2016 election.
 Glad I read this book it explains a lot of what her thoughts were in this crazy campaign. So many bad things were said about Hillary that just are not true. How she handles all this demonstrates to me what a great president she would have made...I'm still hoping for a women president some day!  Hillary won the popular vote, that should have been enough for her to win election, I believe strongly we need to get rid of the Electoral College...
 Every page made me wish we had her as our president instead of who we have.<br/><br/>I disagree with comments that she didn't take responsibility for her mistakes. She did, and she confronted all of them. No, she didn't dwell on her personal mistakes and it's not important for us to dwell on them, either. The election of 2016 is over. But the problems with the party and advices must be cured before 2020.<br/><br/>Many suspected the DNC was in a shambles, and could see that Obama had allowed it to wither to the point where it was losing more than winning. She gave us insight into how bad it was even organizationally. Outdated, out of touch was the perception among the masses. Accurate or not, perception is everything in these matters.These are things that are not going to be turned around in a year or so long campaign.<br/><br/>It is very important for the DNC to learn the lessons it needs to from 2016. Republicans will hate any efforts by Democrats to do so, efforts to strengthen themselves so they can defeat Republicans. That is clear from the comments.<br/><br/>She said that while Trump was looming behind her during the debate, she felt like saying, "Back off, creep!" I agree, she should have said that! Or something like that. The man name-calls and he needs to be called out on it by the next Democratic candidate. To allow him to immaturely and disrespectfully name-call and address with disrespect and then to just take it -- voters want a leader who will stand up for them. Rationally! And to watch someone allowing herself to be disrespected without calling him out frightens people. If she won't stand up for herself, would she stand up for us?<br/><br/>A pity for us that she didn't win. And this is a very conversational, intelligent, warm-hearted book to read. You can hear also the heavy burden she bears for losing and leaving us with this buffoon (or whatever you want to call him) in charge. I'm from New York. I know him first and foremost as a con artist. Beautiful and well-written book; many interesting anecdotes. But bittersweet, because her loss left us with the opposite of what she had to offer.
 Good
 I paid $25 and struggled to *listen* for 20 minutes. Absolutely the worst book I've ever heard it's basically Hillary just deluding and speaking nonsense nonstop.
 Very interesting book. Really enjoyed it!
 Makes you angry and then hopeful.  Fun to know the Hillary is a foodie like me!
 Good listen and extremely interesting.
 This book was incredibly well written and honest.  Literally one of the best books I've ever read. It was an inspiring experience for me really, because I listened to the audiobook read by by Hillary herself which made the words all the more meaningful and genuine.  I went through an array of emotions while listening: anger, sadness, excitement, frustration, and hopefulness. I recommend this book to everyone.
 Bothers me that so many things were happening to put Hillary down during the final weeks of the campaign.  Those around her should have been more aware of what was going on so that she would loose the election.
 No reader’s viewpoints about Hillary Rodham Clinton will change after reading her book about the 2016 presidential election titled, What Happened. There is no question mark in the title, so this is her definitive attempt to tell citizens what she thinks happened. While Clinton holds herself accountable for the outcome, she focuses particular attention on the actions of James Comey and the ways in which all media avoided policy issues where she was strong, and maintained false equivalency between her and Trump. She doesn’t quite say that Trump used the press better than she did, but recognizes that his actions led to media diversion away from policy matters. Clinton comes across as more candid in this book than in earlier ones. I wanted to read three things in this book: that she admits she was not a very good candidate; that the energy during the election was more engaged by Sanders and Trump because this was a change election and she represented the status quo; and that she did not pay enough attention to the economic concerns of many Americans. I didn’t get exactly what I wanted, but received more than I expected. Sigh.<br/><br/>Rating: Three-star (It’s ok)
 I have not finished reading the book yet, but what I have read so far is very good. Hillary is to be commended for being so straight forward in her narrations.
 I don't agree with her politics, but honestly, I would love to hang out with her.  She's smart, opinionated, and likes chardonnay.  She's my kind of friend.
 Right from the opening words, I could hear her voice, clear, precise and honest.  It was a journey only she could tell, because she lived it.  I bought this book in hardcover so that my grandchildren may read it.  I am not sorry.  The book is a piece of history for generations to come.
 Awful. Worst book ever.
 great
 amazing, inspiring!!!
 This book is boring, and, of course, Hillary doesn't know why she lost. Blame game.
 I bought the audiobook with Hillary's personal voice which I found to be therapeutic and heart warming.  The book is not only a personal account of the ups and downs of the campaign, but Hillary's perspective from an analytical and emotional standpoint.  After the devastating loss to an orange faced psychopath, I found the book to provide some personal solace.  There are times when Hillary sounds cynical and bitter but I can't say that I blame her considering everything that happened from the Russians to Comey and other Trump apologists and cronies who did everything to hijack our democracy and perpetrate negative propaganda against her most of which was untrue.  The one thing I found a bit confusing about the book is that it jumps around a lot.  There is no chronological order to the chapters and it doesn't go from beginning to end, rather goes back and forth in the timeline of what happened quite a bit.  Nevertheless, I found the book to be very well written and her personal voice in the audio version to be quite healing.  Despite all the negative propaganda against her in the media and the baseless claim that she's blaming things on everyone but herself, there are no fewer than 10 separate passages in which she personally takes responsibility for the loss.  What is refreshing is that she's extremely humble in telling her story, albeit cynical at times, and very transparent in communicating her emotions during the course of what happened.  This is where a woman most certainly has strengths which most men would not.  No man who has lost the presidency in recent times has been able to be this honest about their own personal feelings and the emotional devastation of losing the campaign.
 A great read for those who really question why she didn't win. All the answers are there if you keep an open mind!!!!
 So far only rread a couple chapters but very interesting
 This is very intense reading at times. Her insights can be eye opening, profound, and frightening. America made one of its biggest blunders in history by not electing her
 You don't have to be a Hillary fan to enjoy reading about how this campaign went down. Will you agree with everything she says? I didn't - so no. But again you don't have to agree with her to enjoy the book.
 A freind of mine bought this book bought this book.  He didn't like it and ask me to review it in case he was being too harsh.  I revieved and boy everything I read was really bad and almost laughable.  Its too bad she just doesn't want to let go and what she wrote or had someone write proved it.  Just bad and not believable.
 A very open and factual report of some of the years of her service.
 I greatly enjoyed reading Hillary's latest book, and think a lot of others would, too.  It is factual and has lots of information in it.<br/>It was interesting in seeing how she relates to her daughter, and to her husband.  She is a great mom to Chelsea, and I am sure is a great grandma to Chelsea's two little ones.  I also agreed with her feeling that her relationship with her husband is complicated, as it is in any marriage, and is entirely only her concern.<br/>The United States would have been enriched by having her as our President!  I will always be sorry (and dismayed) that she was not elected our President!
 To me this book was was very good. It lets me see the way it went and how she is dealing with the results from the election. I'm not sure what everyone expected this book to be, but it helped me hearing her point of view (which I completely understood, I am a Liberal). It is very bittersweet to listen to.
 Great. Bought several for gifts and all really make good comments about the book and its on my reading list! Thank you.
 This is a great book.  You can see how smart and thoughtful this woman is.  America was the real loser.<br/><br/>You can read this book as the title says, "What Happened."  And it is quite comprehensive and Hillary does not hold back.<br/><br/>Or you can read this book much deeper on how you can prevent what happened by writing a book much earlier called "What Can Happen."<br/><br/>I highly recommend this book.  You will learn a lot even if you voted for Trump since Hillary's arguments are very sound.  You don't have to agree with her but at least you get her perspective without her holding back.
 I love my recorded book.  I wish we had Hillary for President.
 Excellent reading .
 As expected
 HRC sets the record straight - with FACTS (remember those ?)<br/>If you care about the future of democracy, you will turn run off the TYV and read this book.  (at ties it's a little overwritten- but its hard when you are as brilliant as HRC)
 Great book. Many times I laughed out loud at her humorous view of things that happened during her darkest hours. She's an inspiration.
 Our legitimate #45 President.  End.  This is her story.  Forget her party look at this as a person, who she is, make your own decision.  I vote person, not party.  My favorite President is Abraham Lincoln and right now the GOP is NOT Lincoln's party with he who shall not be named as our leader.  Get rid of the electoral college.  People's vote should matter not the EC.
 Mrs. Clinton rises above most politicians in honor and integrity. She has stayed true to herself in her book (I listened to it on audio tape in her own voice) and I feel I have gotten to know her just a little bit better.  Mrs. Clinton is a courageous person. She has handled so many challenging situations that I know most people would have cracked under- I know I would have. Politics is a cutthroat business I do not see how anyone could get to where she has without working extremely hard and smart. I have heard that her staff really like her and enjoy working for her. I think that speaks volumes to people who only know her from what we read and see. Most of us are flawed, like I am sure Mrs. Clinton is however, she does not ever seem to show it and I think that is why so many people cannot relate to her. Many people who feel they cannot relate to someone or feel they are “smarter” than we are, dislike that person. Dig deep. Is the reason you do not like Mrs. Clinton that she is smarter, better educated, conducts herself with more integrity and strength than you know you have? The other half of us admire those qualities and that does not make us weak.
 The best way I could describe this book is that it's almost like reading the brutally honestly diary of Hilary Clinton - you can almost hear voice when reading. It covers the moments  before she decided to run for 2016 presidential election, moments after she had lost the election, Women's March and to the time she was sitting at Donald's Trump inauguration and all of the in between and post January 2017.  She probably the most genuine presidential candidate we ever had. I'd be lying if I said I didn't shed some tears with her pain in particular moments but I also laughed. I highly recommend this book to anyone, even if you didn't vote or vote for her.
 This is a difficult review to write in such a devise time, with such a controversial person and family. I shall attempt to offer an honest reflection of what I read.<br/><br/>First, the book is well written. There is fluidity and purpose. Secretary Clinton and her team managed the flow of information beautifully, and were able to combine it with personal anecdotes and life experience in a way that allowed the reader to not only gain a great deal of information regarding the events leading up to the election, but offered a closer look at the person (perhaps we forget sometimes that she is... a person). These personal touches were important. At times I felt as if I was having a personal conversation with Ms. Clinton. The writing clearly came from the heart.<br/><br/>There were some points in the book when I wondered, "is she ever going to get to the heart of the story here?" Perhaps the heart was within the pages of her ability to personalize all of the events that led up to the 2016 nomination for president. Perhaps that is the real story. The story of a husband and wife who have dedicated their lives to public service, and weathered the storms of controversy and endless attacks against their character. I wonder how many people would be so quick to throw stones if their lives were so closely scrutinized. An excerpt from the chapter entitled, "Onward Together"<br/><br/>"I got dressed in Wellesley blue, had a cup of coffee, and found a sweet note from Bill. He had stayed up to all hours reading the latest speech draft and scribbled on the top of the page, 'H - I like this speech. Hope these suggestions help make it better--wake me and we'll go over it--I love you.'"<br/><br/>I read this passage to my wife with tears in my eyes... "You cannot fake this type of devotion," I said to her. She agreed.<br/><br/>There are clear indicators that the election was besieged by multiple forces with the hope of discrediting Secretary Clinton as a candidate. Each phase of the attack was clearly outlined and addressed. Yes, there were moments in the book that it is clear there is some anger... Perhaps there should be. Overall, the information was well cited and clearly delineated.<br/><br/>Releasing that anger may be the catalyst to her ability to offer a clear and concise outline of where this country is headed if we are not careful. This is the backstory that cannot be ignored. Our democracy, as we know, is weakening. The demise stems from within, but outside forces are capitalizing on our weaknesses in an effort to speed the process. Another excerpt from the book:<br/><br/>"The challenge now is to practice politics as the art of making what appears to be impossible, possible."<br/><br/>Now, I do not agree with each of Secretary Clinton's policies. There is room for debate on many issues she introduces. The debate is key. The need for constructive conversation is critical. We are a great nation with great people from all corners of the world. That is our strength and should not be ignored.<br/><br/>I hope my intuition is correct in stating that that book was written from the heart and is truly sincere in it's meaning.<br/><br/>Hats-off to Hillary Clinton, and thank you for a lifetime of dedication to public service.
 One of the worst books I have ever read and English is my fourth language I have read books in other languages this book is just terrible.
 Even though I'm not American I felt I needed to read this almost as much as I expect Hillary Clinton needed to write it. Beautifully written, witty and interesting, it filled me with more hope than I expected.
 Loved this book, it was like I was in the room with her talking.
 Although the events of 2016-17 were widely reviewed and analyzed, but to see it from Secretary Clinton's perspective puts it into a different light. I felt those chapters that dealt with political machinations surrounding the elections were the most well written and informative. However her feelings were well presented and also made her behavior more understandable. She shows herself as an intelligent and fervent supporter of what USA values are or should be.
 I expected more openness but I guess it's HRC there's only so much you can get. As someone who lived in the US but isn't American I found she made some really good points, bias and all. Unfortunately, not everything can be explained and this will be one of the most intriguing election cycles to be analyzed for years to come.
 I purchased this book as a gift for my mother‘s 96th birthday.  The book  interior was great but it had a large fold mark on the dust cover and brown scuff marks on the dustcover binding.  It was not in giftable condition but I had to go ahead and give it to her because I did not have time to return it.
 i had forgotten what a good writer Hillary Clinton is.  She is articulate, organized, and funny.  I  thought I knew what had happened with the campaign, but I was surprised how much I missed.  It was amazing to realize how many issues were working against her:  her reputation; the voter district maps the that were not drawn  fairly  (gerrymandering); the suppression of voters by the Republicans; and the involvement of the Russians. This is a quick read.
 Hillary Clinton lays it all out, and then some.  She does not shy away from harsh truths about her campaign and voters' perceptions of it and of her..  This does get into specifics of "what happened" in and to the campaign, but it goes, perhaps surprisingly, beyond that to offer some thoughtful ideas about where we might go next.  Her emphasis on the need for love and kindness in our society today is unexpected perhaps, but inspirational nevertheless.  The book is well written, and the voice I heard in her previous and really fine book, Hard Choices, is here as well.  It is assertive and calm, rational and heartfelt -- a voice of truth.  All Americans would benefit from reading both of these books.
 poor!!!
 good read
 What happened is she can not take responsibility for many of her own actions and blames her failure on sexism.<br/><br/>Ironically, it's things like this that cause people on the fence go to the other side just to spite her.
 It’s true this book is a tell-all. Yet in a world that has lost its ability to carry out criticism without sacrificing compassion and respect, it stands out. Hillary’s candor is a refreshing change from the bombastic insult hurling vendettas that have somehow replaced decent political discourse. It is an intelligent book.<br/><br/>For the more linear thinkers among us, be warned you may find this book meandering. The conversational tone of this book is indicative of women’s natural communication style. For others this will feel more familiar, like a kitchen table conversation when your girlfriend or mother interrupts your story with a helpful hint of self-care, then you just naturally pick up where you left off.<br/><br/>After reading “What Happened”, I don’t believe it is her lack of blame that offends, she admits to her mistakes and shortcomings. It’s because she refuses to be self-deprecating. Women are taught and expected to subordinate themselves. Hillary has the audacity to claim her own value. Whether you agree with her or not, there is a lesson in her actions for all of us. No matter our color, creed, or gender we all have the right to claim our value and power and to do so without apology.<br/><br/>This book felt deeply personal to me. It allowed me to reclaim my unequivocal joy at supporting our first female presidential candidate, a joy that I was too often fearful to express during the election and felt too painful and indulgent to relive afterward. She reminded me that it is my joy to keep.<br/>This book is optimistic. Another thing in scant supplies these days.<br/><br/>She has important insight into the election from her perspective as a candidate, and as one of few people who have stood toe to toe with the 45th. And as a stateswoman a view into what may lie ahead. When this nightmare is all over it will be cataloged with other historical …This book belongs in our library of the resistance. This is no longer about Hillary or Bernie, it’s about Trump.<br/>“Now it’s on all of us to make sure his ugly words don’t damage our girls-and boys-forever.”<br/><br/>When I feel the urge to succumb under the weight of a morally bankrupt administration, when everything feels futile and hopeless, I think of Hillary. Whether your supported her or not, we may find consensus that there are few people who know better how to get kicked and “keep going”. She inspired me at the age of 22 and now in these dark times of my 47th year, she continues to inspire me. Maybe she’ll inspire you too?
 Very informative....I really enjoyed the book.
 great!
 When I told a friend of mine I was reading Hillary's new book, his response was "She Lost. Get over it." This book is about so much more than that.<br/><br/>I happened to be out of the country during final weeks of the 2016 election. I was proud to mail in my ballot for Hillary, but I missed much of what happened in the finally days of the election, including James Comey's letter about e-mails. This book, in spite of carrying the bias of its author, is a well-researched discussion about what the data shows happened during those fateful last weeks. Her perspective on Russian Interference comes from a place, not of malice and anger, but from her long career of foreign policy. Her words are necessary and still relevant. More discussion needs to be had surrounding these issues.<br/><br/>This is also a memoir, recounting Hillary's life. As a man, I'd say it's essential reading for men. She gracefully and thoughtfully describes the sexism of her candidacy and her life in a way that makes it digestible for anyone. It is a wonderful aid for men seeking a more educated and enlightened view on gender issues. She has inspired me to read more memoirs by female writers and further educate myself on the work that is still to be done for the future of women and men.
 I see the book is rated 4.5 out of 5 but review page after review page all i see is 1 and 2 star ratings. I clicked the 5 star reviews and they all seem like generic, non creative reviews about the book, almost like bots wrote them. "Amazing book now I know what really happened!" Does that sound like a real review to you? Idk man this just seems pretty fishy to me.
 What Happened, is a book about how a menopausal aged woman defied the odds to make History. She was the first woman to rig the DNC funds to break the glass ceiling of being the first woman presidential primary winner. She also became the first woman to ever collude with the Russian government in order for political AND financial gain. It truly is a a masterpiece and is a great mystery novel, the biggest mystery of all is how she was able to do all of this and still avoid prison.
 True and honest feelings in her writing. I'm still crying from the lost suffered because of the great things millions of us were looking forward to our first madam president. You will read quickly and then reread to really digest how much work Mrs Clinton has done for our country and has yet to get the full credit.
 Insightful and detailed account of her experiences running for US President.  What she learned and what she says she failed to foresee is heartbreaking.
 this is a really interesting read and Hillary Clinton is a Smart Woman. if she had another last Name  she might have won. Her haters and critics are real and she has brought some real heat on her own behind, however she got robbed and Trump stole this mess with the help of Russia.<br/>sad part is that alot of the segement out here wasn't feeling her nor Trump and he was seen as the lesser of two evils. now chomp on that bit for a moment.  this book takes you through her journey and mental preparation and thensome.<br/>its a complex situation and yet alot of haters out here and some of it was self inflicted. as hit and miss as she can be, she is a thousand times more better and more sane than Donald Trump. what in the world were these people thinking supporting him? Hillary CLinton while smart and knowing her stuff, might be too smart for her own good and in truth if she were to get behind another female canidate and show her the ropes then I could see a victory, however i feel the fix is in and the powers that be will allow Hillary a senate seat,goverment, and other positions however never the main seat.
 Wonderful book it makes me think things will get better for the USA....
 Looking forward to reading this book. Not a big reader because of time constraints, yet this is top of my list.
 Enjoyed it immensely!  So sorry she is not our president.  She is real!
 Sickening.  She is INSANE..  She just doesn't 'get it', still.
 Wonderful perspective!!  Thank you Hillary for what you have done and what you have continually tried to accomplish.  The election was stolen from you!!
 America's sorest (and history's biggest) loser places blame and makes excuses for herself. Worth reading for the schadenfreude factor, but whatever you do, don't pay money for it.
 A must read for anyone with an open mind.  This was the scariest book I've read in a long time.  Finding out that another country hijacked our elections, and there is no end in sight to the Russian control, unless our country comes up with some radical plans is terrifying.  How the hell did this happen?  I think it should be "What the Hell Happened".
 This is a description of why I, Hillary Clinton, didn't win.  It shouts out every single person who worked for her ( except Debbie Wasserman Schultz who isn't even listed  in the index - and who should probably be listed as the one other person who truly contributed to her loss).  It describes every single possible argument that she gave for every single policy but it doesn't at any time recognize the core issue that she mis-stepped and didn't truly address the problems she herself created.  Sadly, it is almost unreadable with these continual policy papers and shout-outs.  I'm as disappointed as her that she didn't win - Sadly, I'm not as surprised as her.
 Excellent! The perfect book to read while taking a personal day😀
 This book could have been better. I think Clinton really didn't understand why she lost. Its was just a fluff piece. And please post my review this is like my 8th time submitting a verified purchased review. Otherwise I'm going to take legal action on your censorship!
 defiantly not a Trump supporter  and was interested to see what hill had to say but I was disappointed at listening to her whine about everything :(.<br/>it was king of hard to listen to.
 I love the Book SHATTERED. That was the REAL story of Election 2016.  I figured as an educator, I would read this one as well.  You have got to be kidding me.  This book is nothing more than a blame game.  Hillary can never blame herself or her lousy staff for their crappy guidance.  She hates on Trump so bad-only because she is totally embarrassed by her loss.  Hopefully, someday we will have a GOOD woman run.
 I loved reading this book.  I voted for Hillary, as did most of the country. What I find interesting is how many people are threatened by her, even today. The book gives the inside story of how a competent, intelligent, best prepared presidential candidate navigated the political scene in America with a misogynist machine (probably operated by the Russians but aided and abetted by American misogynist) working against her. She should be president.
 It was most interesting to hear the author read her book to gain insight into what it was like to be a woman running for POTUS,  I still haven't totally absorbed the experience.  Will probably have to read it as I listen to it again.
 I enjoyed listening to Hillary while I was on a road trip with my girlfriend who I had not seen for a long time.  We agreed with so much of what she had to say.  We stopped the CD and had conversation along the way.  We are grateful she has the enthusiasm to speak out on issues that face this nation and also issues that face women of our globe.  I wish each disc had a chapter label and even a summary of the contents.  I wanted to go back and share certain chapters with family and friends but had no idea how to locate the specific information I was searching for at the time.
 Excellent book.  HillRy lays out the facts very objectively
 I bought this book at a store instead of online. Couldn't read past the first few pages. I expected more from Hillary. :(
 Looking forward to reading this book.
 Enjoying this book, I wasn't going to buy it, but am glad I did, to hear Hillary's side.
 This book was big... I mean, like... she turned out a 400 page manifesto in less than a year?? It's insightful getting a clearly articulated political agenda without interruption. Akin to her husband, Hillary Clinton will sidetrack with stories of her personal encounters with everyday Americans, articulating whatever case she's endorsing. The "behind the scenes" of key events scattered throughout the book are fascinating. Hillary heavily places the blame on James Comey, although the mis-reading of rust-belt states, Russian hacks, and poor journalism certainly get a fair share; these segments of the book read like 9/11 Commission Report with thorough analysis. The closing 30-to-40 pages or so, Hillary takes on the tone of a progressive talk radio host, which gets cumbersome (and repetitive).
 She is more open than expected and still the analytical, fact based thinker we know her to be. She blames herself, Comey, the Russians and the media's naive coverage of Trump as a sideshow who couldn't win. She has a lot of good arguments that are worth a read.
 A wonderful book,  at times painful to read,  but so necessary to read in order to understand who she is and what happened in 2016 from her point of view. For those that say she does not take responsibility for her election loss, it is another lie.
 Very interesting and informative.
 Christmas present for my Dad but had to read it first its a good book
 This is just treacle.
 This book was included with my ticket when I recently attended a live talk with Hillary.<br/>At the age of 48, I have witnessed the right-wing conspiracy to destroy Hillary all my adult life.  No politician has ever been so unjustly maligned.  Trump is now maligned (but justly in my opinion and too little too late).  For those who voted for him, I am not ready to forgive you.  When someone tells you who they are believe them.  Well he told us and all who voted for him were stupid in ignoring what all of us thinking individuals could clearly see.  Trump is easy to hate, and displays behaviors, beliefs, and ideas worth hating.  When I ask people why they hate Hillary I never get a specific, clear reason that warrants the vitriol heaped upon her.  They just make general statements saying they just don’t trust her or that she is evil.  This says more to me about them then it does about her.<br/>Like many though I grew tired of her.  This was based solely on the relentless criticism of her and I started to believe where there is smoke there must be fire.  I then questioned her ability and motive in becoming President, but then when I saw how dignified and professional she was during the Benghazi hearing I was in awe.  She sat there for 10 plus hours appearing what our current man-baby in chief does not:  Presidential.  I knew then that she was the best candidate for President.  My vote for Hillary was not a vote for a lesser of two evils but a vote for the candidate I believed was most fit for the job.  Never before had I felt more confident in my vote for a President.<br/>Hillary appears vulnerable in these pages and provides very convincing information on how she went to most respected woman in the world while first Senator and then Secretary of State to the most vilified woman on the planet when she had the never to want more.  As Barack Obama stated about HRC and the presidency, “There has never been a man or woman-not me, not Bill, nobody-more qualified”.<br/>In her book she lays out what her presidential agenda was all about.  Republicans won’t like these plans because they are well thought out, intelligent and about social justice, not monosyllabic sound bites designed to destroy the planet and mobilize hate.  She is also realistic about what it means to be President.  She discusses the importance of being open to compromise in order to get things done and be an effective leader.  She sweats the details and seems hungry for knowledge and has a compassionate heart as well as an ambitious, brilliant mind.  It is laughable that people find Hillary self-indulgent when all her life she used her brilliant mind working for causes to help the lives of woman and children and other marginalized groups.  This compassionate heart was molded on the influence of her Mother whose tragic, unloved childhood inspired HRC in her work and approach to life.  When HRC discusses her mother the love and reverence expressed is palpable.<br/>This to me is the biggest difference between HRC, Obama, and Bill Clinton as opposed to Trump and Bush.  Trump and Bush had never known financial hardship or had been influenced by a parent who truly knew what it meant to struggle or feel unloved.  Obama and Bill grew up in humble beginnings and Hillary had a mother whose own childhood was a sad existence that she somehow rose above.  Hillary clearly gets her resilience from her Mother.<br/>Democrats have a heart when it comes to social issues.  Critics can call it a bleeding liberal heart, but at least it is a heart and they at least appear to care.  Republican ideology is savage and ruthless and their focus has become about cutting social programs for the needy and lining the pockets of the rich with ever increasing wealth.  Hard to believe that it was a Republican that freed the slaves with what we see now in the broken Republican party.<br/>HRC personifies resilience, more so than any other public person I can think of male or female.  We are a broken country and the unwarranted hatred of Hillary by so many men and woman has revealed the misogyny that remains deeply ingrained in the fabric of our country.  This misogyny that mistrusts a woman who dares be too smart or ambitious.<br/>Sadly, if Hillary did win, it is clear the man-baby in chief and his flock of deluded sheep would only have done all they could to derail her ability to get things done at every turn and continue to create and perpetuate every lie possible to discredit her.  Hillary, would not have been given the chance to succeed as President even if given the opportunity.<br/>It is now obvious that for any marginalized person in society to succeed on such a large scale, they will have to be smarter, better, and problem/scandal free.  They are simply subject to a stricter standard than the traditional, privileged white male that has been modeled for us since the pilgrims arrived.<br/>Our country is broken.  Hillary can’t fix it.  Even though she clearly had and has the smarts to do it, our country would not let her.  They would rather elect the worst candidate possible.  A pussy grabbing buffoon who personifies all the corrupt qualities he accused her of possessing then see this amazingly competent woman succeed.  The only positive that I see in Trump’s presidency is that it reminds those of us dedicated to social justice to avoid complacency.  Sadly, sometimes it takes things to get worse before they can get better.
 Hillary Clinton is such a good Christian person.  Its just horrible what she has had to deal with and how some people demonize her.
 Every page is so well written and fascinating, I couldn't put it down!  I was right there with her as she relived the days and I'm still with her!!
 Really enjoyed reading this book and finding out the behind the scenes activity.  Enlightening look at the outcome of election 2016.
 I wrote an extended review of this book on Goodreads. Amazon doesn't allow links, but if you can find it, check it out. Briefly:<br/><br/>I voted for Bernie Sanders in the presidential primaries, and his book, Our Revolution, was the first I read about the election.<br/><br/>The second related book I read more recently, The Dangerous Case of Donald Trump, and it was like an infusion of sanity.<br/><br/>What Happened feels like the third in a medicinal trilogy. It is healing to read a funny (the specifics of the phone and email stuff are laugh-out-loud funny!), articulate, sane person admit her flaws, take responsibility for most of them, introspectively process what happened, learn, and consider new policies and future actions in a more open way because of it.<br/><br/>As I post this, many people are seething after having read the Donna Brazile excerpt. And some people base their whole reviews of this book on their reaction to the biased primary. To that, I'd like to say: Yes, the primary was biased. This is old news that was settled in court in August. If you are just learning about it now and are enraged, I have some thoughts for you.<br/><br/>For most of my life I functioned like a feral animal, judging everyone on only 2 criteria: safe/unsafe. You miss the truth by doing that. You condemn a complex person or event and reduce it to one thing. I drafted my long review of What Happened as I read the book. This is a great exercise in seeing a whole picture: I constantly added thoughts as I read different sections, revising the whole. And I came away with a huge picture and the experience presented. As I say in the long review, I was angry about her flippant denial of the DNC stuff, but there was much more there.<br/><br/>Yes, I'm angry that the primary wasn't a fair fight. However according to the August court papers, the DNC had no legal obligation to be unbiased. This is the truth and it sucks. It is not new news!<br/><br/>To descend into self-destructive fighting because of that now is just that: self-destruction. And to pull that discomfort out of the book to the exclusion of all else is a distortion that ignores so much glorious intelligence, humor, a history of women's struggle for equal treatment in the workplace, and so much more.<br/><br/>Now is the time to deal with NOW. If you can take in all that this book offers, it may help deal with now.
 I love this lady and I am so sorry our country let her down and voted in that.....I'll be nice. Great book and great reading!
 HRC could teach a class entitled Finger Pointing 101.  Don't waste your time reading the book.  The answer to the question 'what happened" is right there on the cover.
 As others have pointed out, the cover has the question on the top and the answer below.
 Loved it !
 Too bad it's already OLD NEWS!  This president had more to do with WHAT HAPPENED than has been penned so far... waiting for the sequel(s)
 Vital. Loved it.
 As someone still saddened by 2016, this book renewed my hope. She is an excellent writer and would have been a phenomenal President. I’m still with her.
 A bunch of lies wrapped up in a so called memoir. Unfortunately HRC can’t stop herself, she’s pathological  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
 I have read this book 3 times and I can say that those who rated this book 1-star are biased! First, Hillary Clinton took responsibility for her loss, which she has said multiple times in the book. Second, they can disagree with her beliefs and opinions about the 2016 election because hers contradict theirs, but they can't say that this is a badly-written book. Hillary's opinions and arguments are well-supported by a lot of data, survey stats, and numbers from a wide variety of sources, making her arguments compelling. I agree with her on what were the major causes of her loss, including the late intervention of Comey, Russian intervention, her policies not getting through to voters due to excessive negative coverage of her emails by the media, and voter suppression. Those are undeniable! She lost by so small margins in battleground states, including Wisconsin, Michigan, and Florida that I find Trump's victory harder to accept.<br/><br/>Through the book, Hillary Clinton stands out as intelligent, competent, experienced, well-informed, thoughtful and analytical. Above all, she's a committed and dedicated public servant who has devoted her life to advance public interest. Flawed she is a candidate, she's been trying to work in the interest of the majority of Americans and she's a patriotic American. I really regret that America miss the opportunity to have her as President.<br/><br/>I think this book is very useful in understanding many policy stances, including job creation, environment protection, healthcare, women rights, gender equality, foreign policies, and most important of all, how to protect democracy when it's under attack from multiple fronts, especially those taking the highest positions in office. I feel so much more hopeful about the future and have a clearer idea of actions that can be taken to make America great again after Trump.<br/><br/>I wish that Hillary Clinton was able to consolidate a more visionary, inspirational and stronger theme for her presidential campaign. Her policies stances are solid and strong, but they lacks a solid overall message that could have energized more voters to get out and vote for her. She stands out as a person who has integrity and high moral standards in the book, but years of barrage of partisan political attacks have tarnished her reputation and left a residue. She can't shake public impression that she's entitled and untrustworthy. I wish that many got to know her better!<br/><br/>I hope that we would have female President sooner than we expect today. I will continue to support her and her causes!
 What happened is she called 50% of America deplorable. The polling was wrong because people lied about their support for trump. They were tired of being called racist for their public support, but they voted for him anyway. Very simple.
 Interesting that, after reading this book, there are no personal or professional failings that are the responsibility of Hillary herself.  This book is all about deflecting blame onto others to the point that she is utterly delusional...which is really WHAT HAPPENED.
 After reading my copy, I ordered three additional books to give to friends. It does not tell a happy story but for those of us who are still with HER, we can continue to move Onward Together.
 Very interesting commentary from a great lady.
 What happened is she lost and cannot accept that it is entirely her fault.
 Great reading.  Am great admirer of Hillary Clinton and the way she writes.
 Out of touch.
 Satisfied with purchase.
 Great book by an extraordinary woman!  Our country lost a tremendous opportunity!
 I just finished What Happened. I appreciated the information Clinton provided that explained some of the media data.
 showed up on time, no problems.
 I wish Hillary had used Walter isacsson or someone to write it,,
 Filled with the emotional accounts of what happens after losing an election HRC looks at the choices she and her team made, outside factors and the journey to break a glass ceiling that wouldn’t budge. It’s one women’s, who just happens to be the candidate who lost, account of what happened! I recommend to everyone regardless of who you voted for.
 Great book!
 It was a good try
 This is the best science fiction book I have read in years. I love the alternative universe part! The space aliens pretending to be Russian Hackers is especially creative. Skip the love scenes with Bill...that's a little out there.
 Yes, we may truly know what happened, but this book dives into so much more than just the end result.  I started reading this book and I can't stop.  Hillary shows a side of herself that we haven't really seen before and one we definitely did not see during the campaign, but understandably because she is in area dominated mostly by men.  I am inspired by Hillary and I will admit I have teared up a few times while reading this book.
 Love it. Don't believe any negative reviews from trump supporters, it's not like they would be able to read it in the first place. Make sure you look at "verified purchase" for this one.
 How very disturbing we did not get our 1st woman president.  Hillary is More than qualified,  and we suffer so that she was denied.  I love the detail shared in this book.  Onward Together!  Madam Secretary!
 Great book, I have such admiration for this woman and she deserves at least some of my time to read what she has to say. and quick shipping!
 So honest and well written.  Definitely worth reading.
 Excellent.
 A good 75% of the book has nothing to do with "what happened." Most of the book is Hillary talking about her political career, her wonderful family, her mother, her wonderful life with Bill, how much she cares about people, especially children, her wonderful, hard-working staff, etc. This is fine but it's a lot to wade through to get to the meat of the book, and once you get to the meat, it's a pretty cheap cut.
 A lot of fluff until you get to where she posts a lot of blame. I would have been interested had she got into more details about the DNC. I didn't see the need for a book other than to make money and go on a book tour. To quote a former Secretary of State, " At this point, what difference does it make?!"
 I was reluctant to read this after hearing pundits and others say she blamed everyone but herself for losing the election. That couldn't be farther from the truth--I don't know what they were reading! This book reminded me why I voted for her, and why it's so puzzling (to her as well) that she is so reviled in some quarters. She generously gives us all a glimpse into the campaign and the election's aftermath, showing us what grace under pressure really looks like. She spells out what she did right, what she did wrong, and her frustrations at what she couldn't do better. Even as I was reading it, people were calling on her to comment on various current events then wondering why she was commenting on current events. She really can't win, and I so appreciate that she is still sharing her gifts and inspiration with us.
 Clinton provides us with a narrative story of her life leading up to the 2016 election. This was an election where Americans felt insecure and frustrated in an ever changing society. People were looking for someone to blame. Many felt that there was this “other” group of people (color, immigrants, women, LGBT, Muslim, etc.) that did not earn their keep, and their gains must be coming at the expense of someone else. She initially discusses the election and the immediate aftermath and how difficult the whole thing was. Clinton took a lot of heat during the election, for example, the Clinton Foundation received twice as much press as Trump’s scandals, and most of it was negative. She really wanted to win and stated, “I could do a world of good and help an awful lot of people.” Too bad she didn’t get the chance. It seemed like people were more interested in conflict and scandal rather than hearing a consistent message – sad. Clinton noted that she was running a traditional campaign with “carefully thought-out polices and painstakingly built coalitions”, while Trump was running a reality show that stoked American’s resentment and anger. She gave speeches on how to solve the country’s problems, Trump ranted on Twitter.<br/><br/>An entire chapter is devoted to women in politics. She describes the balancing act women have to master and the challenges at every level. We see sexism rear its ugly head here. There was a significant amount of distrust toward her. One need not wonder why – think Whitewater, Travelgate, emails, the Foundation, etc. Nevertheless, she may not have won, but the sight of a woman nominee became more familiar. The idea of a women leader was brought into the mainstream thought.<br/><br/>Some time is taken out now to discuss earlier life. She reminisces about her life with Bill and the raising of Chelsea, and life with her mother. We learn how the events in her life prepared her for the run for president. Of course, it appears that no amount of preparation would have prepared her for what came. The press played an important role in this election. As Professor Patterson at Harvard noted about the pursuit of false equivalency, “If everything and everyone are portrayed negatively, there’s a leveling effect that opens the door to charlatans.” Today’s news coverage blurs the distinction between earnest politician and a pretender. In fact, according to Harvard’s Shorenstein Center, public policy accounted for just 10 percent of campaign news – the rest was coverage of controversies such as email. None of Hillary’s detailed policy plans received more than a blip of coverage - shame.<br/><br/>Clinton now spends some time discussing the primaries and the run-up to the election. She notes that people didn’t seem to want to hear about policy, but were more attracted to a candidate that was as angry as they were; they wanted someone to blame. She lamented that when resentment levels were through the roof, her answers to problems just didn’t get a hearing from the people she wanted to help most. Then, of course, there’s the email scandal. Who can forget. Clinton firmly asserts that there was no crime, and there was no damage to national security. A whole chapter is devoted to explaining the email controversy. Coverage of the email scandal bordered on absurd. Clinton noted that by September 2015, a Washington Post reporter Chris Cillizza had written around fifty pieces concerning her email. The New York Times was equally culpable. They spent two years beating up Clinton about her emails. And we’re not even talking right-wing media outlets here. She describes this as the application of the “Clinton Rules.” It is as if any commonplace political activity takes on a mysterious dark energy when Clinton is involved.<br/><br/>Oh and let’s not forget the trolls, bots, fake news, and the Russians. A whole chapter is devoted to ferreting out what happened concerning these matters. One of Russia’s top military officers, Valery Gerasimov, was quoted as saying that in the twenty-first century, “the line between war and peace would blur, and Russia should prepare for under-the-radar conflicts waged through propaganda, cyberattacks, paramilitary operations, financial and energy manipulation, and covert subversion.” That was said in 2013. In 2016 we saw this in action. Again we see how the press was more interested in the gossipy content of emails rather than the prospect that a foreign power was infiltrating our country. Even some Republican politicians, such as McConnell rejected the intelligence and even warned the Obama administration about any attempt to inform the public. We also learn about the “war on truth,” where there is a concerted effort to discredit mainstream sources of information, and promulgate fringe conspiracy theories in the “echo chamber” to undermine America’s ability to understand objective truth. Did this open the door to Russian attack, or at least make it easier? The Russian chess grandmaster Garry Kasparov said, “The point of modern propaganda isn’t only to misinform or push an agenda. It is to exhaust your critical thinking, to annihilate truth.” Do we know what truth is anymore? Clinton also informs us of the efforts of the billionaires Robert and Rebekah Mercer, their advisor Steve Bannon of Breitbart News, and Cambridge Analytica to discredit her. She concludes this section by providing some steps we can take to prevent future occurrences.<br/><br/>As we near the end of the book, she offers more thoughts on the election and informs us that you can blame many things on the outcome, but she says that in the end, “It was my campaign. Those were my decisions.” It was a tight election; if just 40,000 people across Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania had changed their minds, she would be president. It seems like the antipathy toward Hillary was greater than the concerns about the other candidate’s qualifications and temperament. Then, of course, we have what she calls the “Comey effect,” which undoubtedly help swing the election in the final days. Even if there was no fire, there was enough smoke to choke the campaign, she laments. Let’s not forget the gutting of the Voting Rights Act and voter suppression tactics as well. She closes with some thoughts on what we can do now to strengthen America, and states, “I can carry around my bitterness forever, or I can open my heart once more to love and kindness. That’s the path I choose.”
 This is more of a pity party than anything. A lot of blaming everyone and everything for why she didn’t win. I suppose writing it was good therapy for her but it’s not worth reading.
 This will be deleted
 I was hesitant to buy this book because I was still in shock about the election's outcome.  But I figured if Hillary could pull herself together to relive the campaign and its aftermath by writing this book, at least I could read it.  And, I'm glad I'm did.  I knew much of the story and background of the 2016 campaign as I had been following her career since her attempt to secure the 2008 nomination and then as Secretary of State.  I was surprised by many things she revealed in the book...not all were flattering.  While she has been criticized of not taking any blame for her loss, that isn't entirely true.  She says she could have campaigned better and reached out more to those living in rural states.  And of course she said using a private email server was one of her biggest mistakes.  Of course this book was written fairly soon after the election and perhaps she would have gained more perspective had she waited a few years to examine exactly "What Happened", especially as we learn more each day that there were factors beyond the campaign's control that potentially influenced the election (think Russia).  I can't really say I enjoyed the book as it brought back feelings of regret and disappointment that the "glass ceiling" is still holding firm.  But in the end, I'm glad that I read it.
 I've admired Hillary Clinton for many years, and I voted for her in the last election, so I bought her book.  I thought it was very well written, and gave me insight as to how Hillary became strong and intelligent.  She does own up to her mistakes that she made in the election, as well as the mistake of conducting emails on a private email server.  She also explained why she believes she lost the election.  At times, her book can get a little too bogged down with details, such as some of the accomplishments of the Clinton Foundation as well as policy information, but on the whole, I was fascinated by her early years leading into college, and then her marriage to Bill as well as her career as a lawyer and politician.  My favorite chapter was "On Being a Woman in Politics".  It was eye-opening.  Hillary explained the challenges that women will face when they try to run for office.  She reminds us that the fight for women's equality is far from over and even mentions a few stories where she was harassed by male democrats!  The part in this chapter that resonated the most is when she wrote, "The biggest reason I shied away from embracing  the women's rights narrative as a presidential candidate] is that storytelling requires a receptive audience, and I've never felt like the American electorate was receptive to this one."  So true.  If you enjoy reading a book by a strong woman, you will probably enjoy her book.
 One of the best reads I had recently. She is inspiring, like I always thought of her, since the time I first sighted her on TV (When President Bill Clinton was running for the Presidency the first time). The book is organized and information presented in a non-boring way, especially for people who are not so deep into politics but want to know the facts. She would have made a good President. But you (especially the white American women) who did not vote for her made her lose. Now it is our loss.
 Love the book.  It was written as if she were sitting in a room talking to you.
 I admit I only read the sample but it was just awful. If you read the  sample you will not buy the book.<br/>And looking through ghe reviews you cannot find any 5 stars. They were all 1  or 2 stars
 We love Hillary Rodham Clinton and could not wait for her book to come out. It is amazing!<br/><br/>This was a birthday present for my wife. The digital edition allows her to take it anywhere without losing track of where she is in the book and without her having to wonder where she may have left the book.
 Great book, read candidate, bad election!
 Awesome insight
 What I have read so far is excellent
 This is the 3rd book that I have read about her life. I am a big fan of her dedication to the American family values. The book is so easy to read and not so much a documentary, but what her thoughts were during every moment that we know of during the Campaign and what lead up to her decision to run. I especially love the quotes from her favorite historians. I hope someday the wrong that was done to her will be exposed completely and totally reversed. Expose the people that have wronged her with damaging lies against her fine spirit and the good that her foundation has done for the world, and have those false accusations accounted for because devious bullying is not an American value worth keeping. . Especially expose Trump that has lied repeatedly and had many believe in all his propaganda slandering of her for his own benefit. Women in power should be able to lead and give their knowledge and nurturing to a country just as they do in their personal life without the harsh lashing out and mean-spiritness of bringing them down just because they are women.
 This is a birthday gift.
 Hillary's remarkable campaign for the Presidency is an inspirational narrative which ought to give us all the courage to 'keep going'. Another  must read not just for women, but everyone.
 Worth reading!!!
 We so lost out as a country when this incredibly intelligent, competent, experienced woman was not elected to the Presidency.
 I found the book to be whiny and uninformative.  And glossed over the DNCs poor treatment of Bernie.
 To me the book was very thought provoking. Made me realize I need to do more to get our voices heard.
 On top of it all, she’s a terrific writer too!
 She clearly connects the dots between the emails, Comey and the Russians. Good read with next steps defined and explained.
 Fascinating read. Powerful
 I haven't finished reading it, but glad I purchased it.
 Absolutely fantastic. This book provided a fascinating perspective on the election, and it had a very different tone than “Hard Times” did. Book quality is great, although the white part of the sleeve is paper rather than plastic for some reason. I highly recommend that you read this book.
 It's literally a literary wreck.  Lies and propaganda
 It concerns me that you felt entitled to become president. You failed to outline your plan to become president starting with your husbands presidency. You would stayed married to him, not because you loved him, but because this would be better for you politically.  You became senator of NY, not to serve the people, but to stair step to become president.  Etc. Etc.  But, it was all for not.
 Read this. Made me cry. Still can’t believe this is all real. I hate Trump. The end.
 What a joke.
 A sorry state of affairs when cheating in an election includes a foreign power, an FBI head with a grudge against the candidates husband, Red State fraud (chiefly against voters of color) and a media which gave and still gives Trumpbtoo much attention for his own fake news. OUR COUNTRY NEEDS TO FIX THE 2016 election outcome so we get the president we elected.
 Fantastic ebook.<br/>Well written.<br/>Thank you.
 Prior to the election, I wouldn’t have voted for either candidate. They both , in my mind, were poor choices. I finally made up my mind to vote for Clinton, when Mt Trump Bragged about groping women. How disgusting.<br/><br/>Mrs Clinton shed light on exactly went on prior to that unfortunate day in November, when Trump was elected president. Had I known now what happen, I would have worked for Ms Clinton to get out the vote:<br/>.<br/>This book was a great read. Clearly written and informative. A must read.
 If you want to know the heart and deception of Mrs. Clinton:  read this book.  While I a not a VERIFIED PURCHASER, I do have a local library.  I read this book AND "Shattered" -- the one concerning her campaign trail.  Of particular note to me was that JOHN PODESTA, her campaign CHAIRMAN was rarely mentioned.  Seems like he would have played a  much bigger role : )<br/><br/>HER TRUE COLORS were revealed in the first part of the book where she tells the story of an elderly woman bringing her daughter or granddaughter over to a table where Hillary was sitting AFTER the election.  The woman tried to SHAME her relative because she didnt vote for Hillary.  The gal apologized for not voting and Hill's loss.  True Colors comes into play when in her head, the first thing that Hillary thought was:  "HOW DO YOU THINK I FEEL".  Always thinking of herself.  I found the book  self serving, deceptive, rarely honest.  Of particular NOTE:  SHE WAS OBSESSED WITH ARTICLES AND POLLS AND SURVEYS AND SOCIAL MEDIA WEBSITES : ))))
 Poor book . I was looking forward to it but too much complaining and nothing was 'her fault.' Go read 'Shattered'. A much better election book.
 I am a Hillary Clinton supporter who watched in horror as the election returns showed that this wonderful country had just blundered into the most egregious and disastrous mistake in our history.  The future is uncertain; the choices now being made are in stark contrast to the values and integrity that has held our rich and diverse country together.  As a nation, we may ultimately discover that forces conspired against Hillary Clinton to deny her the Presidency that she was superbly qualified to ascend, defend, and proudly lead America and the world with grace, intelligence, and integrity.  The book is a story about a period in our nation's history; the book is also a testament to the fortitude, resilience, and heart of an extraordinary woman.
 Trust me, you already know what happened.  She's still dividing people. But, since she's out of power and can no longer sell influence, she has to find a way to keep the money rolling in.
 I was given this book by a friend but could not make it through. Either Hillary is a sociopath or just looking g to shift blame. There are blatent reasons she lost, none of which are covered. Some people are so politically motivated they will either hate or love the book either way. I think 95% of politicians are crooked. Hillary has proven herself near the top.  Take some responsibility Hillary and own up to the fact the DNC picked the shadiest candidate and got caught repeatedly shooting her own campaign in the foot. Shame on Amazon for deleting legit reviews.
 Much better than I expected it to be, to be honest. Insightful and generally entertaining, it's not depressing as I thought it might be.
 I loved the book. It is honest and interesting and tells Hillary’s complete story in context. I couldn’t believe all the nasty biased comments. The Hillary haters never quit. They fail to recognize one of the most intelligent, well prepared, caring candidates ever to run for President. They must be Trump supporters. Only people ignorant enough to vote for Trump could make such malignant prejudiced comments.
 nice
 A book for women of all ages.
 VERY INFORMATIVE BOOK. I COULD NOT PUT IT DOWN UNTIL I FINISHED READING IT,
 Bought for wife, she loves it.
 I'm glad Clinton wrote this because it does have historic value.  It is well written and includes supporting research.  But that being said, she is absolutely clueless in her failure to mention how negative a role her filandering husband played in her defeat.  I voted for Clinton, but nearly all of my acquaintances voted for someone else only because they didn't want to see Bill Clinton even remotely close to the White House again.  I shared their sentiments but Trump was just too poor a candidate to vote for.  The email scandal was mostly seen by educated people as a political witch hunt, which is clearly obvious now due to the lack of Republican pursuit of Clinton now that the election is over.  What many educated voters did fear is Bill humiliating himself again, thus embarrassing the entire country if he was First Husband or whatever his title would have been.  I recommend this book the way I would recommend a book written by a former spy- interesting but probably not the whole truth.  In this case we learn even more about Hillary, not so much what she does say, but what she is either too blind to see or is to ashamed to mention.
 I found this book to be a well written, honest and candid account of the most bitterly contested presidential campaign in modern history. At times sad but never bitter, Hillary reflects on what went wrong with a presidential race she was so heavily favored to win. Her explanation of the events and factors is always intelligent, articulate and informative. I have always admired Secretary Clinton for her perseverance of cause and dedication in service to our country but in this book without the constraint of a political necessity she is able to be more candid about the emotional toll of the long and arduous campaign letting us get to know her more intimately as a person, and I am all the more impressed. The book is worth reading if for no other reason than as a warning about how foreign agitators can and will influence future elections, unless we act to strengthen our defenses. Others will not share my admiration for Mrs. Clinton but anyone giving a one star review obviously hasn’t read the book.
 I absolutely love this book!!!!
 so glad to support Hillary
 Terrific book from my real President.
 Extremely happy I bought &amp; read this book for at least 2 reasons.  Her proposed policies make me so happy she is not president &amp; I learned she cannot make a decision -- her “team” makes them for her.  Makes me wonder what her middle of the night response would be when the phone rang like in her “3 A.M.” ad.  “Hang on, I’ve got to get my team together.”
 Glad to see from the inside.  Attending an event in November and hope to get her signature.
 Presented as gift ... much appreciated.
 I am still reading this book but find it very interesting and worth getting.
 I bought a copy to see through the smoke and mirrors of todays news outlets.  Some accused of being Fake News while other accused of being a conservative sympathizer.  First, this is a terribly slow read having to wade through more than half of the book past her embellished past which read like an inmates doctored resume in what seemed like a 250 page campaign ad.  But second, and perhaps most telling was this book was merely an opportunity to vent and do what Hillary does best.... blame others – such as former FBI head James Comey, Bernie Sanders, Vladimir Putin, social media and pretty much everything else – for her failure, rather than herself. Even The New York Times, which supported Clinton's campaign, wrote that the book is "a score-settling jubilee".  Save yourself the money, time and aggravation.
 What happened is that Hillary lost because she was a bad candidate who couldn't take responsibility for her horrible campaign.  She really should have lost to Bernie and then she lost to Trump also.  Stop making excuses Hillary.
 I am a huge Hillary supporter and was devastated by her loss. I pre ordered this book because I really wanted to know her perspective on how she lost. Her book did not disappoint. I got so mad reading parts of it that I had to stop reading, especially the chapter about Comey. If you are a Trump supporter, don’t read this book. You won’t believe any of it anyway. Hillary acknowledges some of the blame is hers to bear, but after reading the entire book, it is safe to say that she was never given the press coverage she needed to get her political agenda promoted. The press just wanted to sensationalize the Trump accusations and continued to dwell on this. Hillary’s caring personality and commitment to this country was very evident in the words of her book.
 This book is not just an account of what happened, but an encouraging call to "keep going." Thank you, Hillary.
 Having listened to other books by HRC, I enjoyed that she actually recorded the entire book herself-- that is a first for her and I think it signals the books' importance to the author. But if you find her voice shrill-- like many Americans purportedly do-- then this will make you like the book even less. That also would help prove one of her points, that she was at a disadvantage in her public career due to people's proven biases against women holding a high elected public office such as President of the United States.<br/><br/>The tone of the book is largely defensive, and this may also turn people off. She is largely defending her campaign team, the strategy, and herself from criticism. I find her eagerness to defend her team honorable. Hindsight bias would tempt one to throw the strategy under the bus, but she explains it and still believes they did it right. I give her kudos for being the first out with an authoritative history of her campaign, including day-to-day descriptions of life on the trail. Biographers and historians writing their own works will now have to contend with her account. This book was profitable for her in that regard, but also smart.<br/><br/>She also understands that she has been an inspiration to many women; she thanks many of them by name for the letters, gifts, and advice they have given her since the campaign. People may not like it, but the women's march on D.C. after the inauguration was a testament to her influence. She gets that, and encouraging women to enter public service is a big part of her shtick. Her stories about the hardships her own mother faced growing up in a broken home are real and inspirational to herself. She draws strength from the stories of women who have put their trust in her. This is also a major theme in the book.<br/><br/>Coming from Red State America, I know that there are many people who will never believe the details of her personal life in this book, such as that she actually has a married life and sleeps in the same bed with Bill Clinton. (I have a source who was in a position to now whether she, in fact, slept in the same room with Bill Clinton while she was still Secretary of State. He convinced me that she did, so I believe it even when tempted otherwise.) Or that she prays and does devotionals sent to her by ministers she mentions specifically. Or that her family says grace at Thanksgiving. She clearly gets that people don't think she does these things and has learned not to care, otherwise she'd go nuts trying to convince them. I've read Clinton Inc., Clinton Cash, and other Clinton-criticism books. I'm not sure I could defend the Clinton Foundation as completely "above board," as she does. (Verified articles about Clinton Foundation waste in Haiti and elsewhere go unchallenged in this book.) There seem to be some revisionist history on her own policy positions compared to Obama, on trade and the Trans-Pacific Partnership, for example. I, too, have a hard time seeing her as "normal," or that it is still difficult for her to fundraise and ask donors for money. I am not sure whether she is friend or foes with the Obamas, my own mind is muddled with scenes from various memoirs related to all the actors that I do not know what is truth in that regard. I think most people would acknowledge, however, that she's literate--more literate than the guy who won. She cites several books within this one, encouraging the reader to do their own homework and find inspiration through books. She quotes George Bernard Shaw: "I want to be thoroughly used up when I die."<br/><br/>The chronicling of the campaign is long and detailed, the breadth and depth probably detract from the book but again, she's beating historians to the punch. (FWIW, I was working in DC about the time this memoir came out and it was easily the book I saw the most being read on the subway.) She had 50,000 more volunteers than Obama had had. They did polling, spent a lot of time in the key swing states, had more data and more volunteers in those areas than any campaign in history. They had a fairly traditional strategy, one that had traditionally worked well. Her main thesis is that the final days of the campaign are what made the difference, things outside her control went very badly at the time when thousands of swing voters finally decided whom they were voting for. Obviously, James Comey is a frequent target and her voice definitely gets angry as she reads those passages.<br/><br/>One real irony in this book, especially in light of the recent #MeToo movement regarding sexual harrassment, is that she blames a lot of men for their and gives plenty of examples of male misdeeds but somehow doesn't lump in Bill Clinton. She writes of him as her husband, not her baggage. Maybe that is taking the high road, but surely she has to acknowledge that a lot of voters found his use of power to obtain sexual deeds with a young White House intern despicable and therefore despise her association with him. Trump used Juanita Broderick and others with complaints about Bill, and Hillary has a problem of ignoring them while encouraging the reader to believe other women's stories of sexual harrassment. She also writes of the challenge of being a woman lawyer in Arkansas in the early 1980s, of hunters who would come in from deer season in full camoflauge just to watch the "lady lawyer." Was it really that rare? Are those stories really true? It is true that her use of her maiden name in Arkansas was a problem, and that point gets rehashed from previous memoirs.<br/><br/>But I can definitely be sympathetic to her "damned if I do, damned if I don't" predicament. If she cries, she is mocked. If she doesn't cry, she comes across as cold and inhuman. If she studiously prepares for a debate, she's seen as too cerebral. If she doesn't, she'd be called unprepared. (She complains that the same standard wasn't applied to her opponent.) She is the only candidate to have to deal with calls to "lock her up" at rallies, including one led by the future National Security Advisor. She rightly now has to "wonder" what will happen since people who called for her to be locked up now have executive authority. She is asking why she is a lightning rod when others get a pass. She blames a media for much of this, noting that articles about what she ate or drank at restaurants got more shares than what she actually said at the actual event afterwards. Every meal was scrutinized, with articles being written analyzing her nutrition and health. Donald Trump did not receive nearly the scrutiny, or did not have similar press access. This was unfair, but just a fact of campaign life. She cites research that on the nightly network news in 2016, only 32 minutes were devoted to actual policies being discussed in the presidential campaign. Much more time was spent on the circus surrounding both campaigns instead of their substance.<br/><br/>The debates and town halls went badly. She didn't know how to handle the "stalking Donald" seen in the first debate. She blasts Matt Lauer for focusing exclusively on her emails in the town hall focusing on national security, and the one questioner who got to ask anything also brought up the emails. She was obviously flustered on TV and she knows the seething persona shone through. But I personally feel she could have done some things differently in her final debate (which also fits her thesis of voters being swayed in the final days of the campaign). When Trump doubled down on his comments that a HRC presidency would mean more abortions, Hillary responded defending choice. Had she instead reached or the language in her It Takes a Village, or from Obama's victory speech in 2008, and advocated for the common ground of seeing more adoptions rather than more abortions, it might have helped her gain a handful o evangelicals who voted for Trump or a third party because they found her most recent stances abhorrent. Instead, she doubled down to the base that was already voting for her. That's my two cents, but revisit Obama's 2008 speech that no one remembers.<br/><br/>She deals with other missteps, things she wish she'd said differently. The "basket of deplorables," but also the "putting coal miners out of business" comments. She speaks of Kentucky, her time trying to undo the damage on a campaign event in the mountains. She gets the insecurity of the area and understands the miner who told her "'Kentuckians want to stay in Kentucky,'" ie: they don't want to have to leave their communities to find economic opportunity elsewhere. She also understands that coal jobs have been declining for decades, some of the jobs replacement has to do with machines now doing the work instead of people, and natural gas has become the cheaper alternative. She admits that she and the Black Lives Matter movement "talked past each other," and regrets they couldn't find common ground to fight the Trump-Sessions "threat" to civil rights. A chapter is entitled "those damn emails," and their recurrence in the campaign, especially Comey at the end, are the things she has the hardest time letting go of, it seems. She doesn't say much about Jill Stein, or the Bernie Sanders hardcore who markedly stormed out of her convention speech.<br/><br/>I admire her sincere history advocating for health care, particularly kids. She advocates for CHIP, Medicaid. She has been consistent in this, even though some people don't remember. She explains her journey into health care advocacy and gives a nod to others who mentored her in that capacity.<br/><br/>Every known detail of the Russian interference in the campaigning is chronicled. I finished this book about the time Don Jr. revealed his direct messaging tweets with Wikileaks, it fits well with the timeline her team has assembled in this book. She laments Comey for not joining the CIA in disclosing the Russian government orders in hacking the DNC and McConnell for "burying the lede," as well as other players. She applauds Emmanuel Macron and France for taking precautions and learning from the US experience, this also goes unappreciated in the US. She cites Vaclav Havel about standing up to tyranny and lies, sounding an alarm.<br/><br/>The concession call to Trump went remarkably well. The difficult conversations with President Obama are recounted. She gives some prescription or the future, but the advice is largely on partisan lines. However, she remarkably writes about how "we all need to become kinder." She reads Pastor Tillich and writes about how "grace happens," how we need to soften our rhetoric and develop empathy. She explains her Methodist history that she still keeps roots in. She writes about the importance of finding meaning and purpose in our lives and work. She recounts It Takes a Village and recounts how it was attacked from the Right as liberal at the time, but now it would be conservative (again, the language from Village was missing from her campaign, or at least coverage of the campaign). In examining the anger of the white working class who voted against her, she claims to have returned to reading Tocqueville and found his observation that resentment is greatest where disparity between expectations and experience are the greatest. She asks "why should whites be more outraged than blacks?" given the police shootings, economic disenfranchisement, etc. Ultimately, she calls for "radical empathy" for all. She sounds a lot like Republican Senator Ben Sasse on these points, but Clinton's book lacks concrete prescriptions like Sasse's book has. There seem to be a lot of optimistic assumptions among Democrats that somehow Americans will return to rational, logical reasoning, deeper literacy, and softer rhetoric of yesteryear when I do not see how that will happen.<br/><br/>In all, I give this book 4 stars out of 5. It is up to historians and biographers to dissect and determine what is missing from the book, what is untrue, and where it stands historically. But I am not the only one to have noticed the increasing distrust Americans put in "experts" these days and how something posted on Facebook can be believed as truth in the face of all evidence to the contrary. Some won't believe anything in this book purely because of its author. Nonetheless, if you're into politics and memoirs of political figures then this is a must-read.
 Sec. Clinton's writing is simple and it draws you in. I could not stop reading this book.
 Hillary Clinton gives much insight and reflection on the reasons she lost the election. She is very candid and does not complain. She takes responsibility for her mistakes and shortcomings, in addition to explaining the power of the media, the deception and lies by the winner, her "damn" emails, and James Comey's last-minute bombshell.
 still reading it,very interesting
 In this account the former Secretary of State and first woman ran for Presidential election in the USA history, Mrs. Clinton has exposed what happened in previous unprecedented election campaign. Many issues have been rationally discussed and analysis under immense political experience and farsighted vision. From domestic problem to international political complication she managed to make handle every point in details, nothing left for chance. What has made this book compelling as many might be thought not because of losing election, but the woman in politics is the crucial challenge to both US fellow citizens and world at large.
 Very candid and open disclosure of events from the former Secretary's perspective.  It is compelling and provides insights into both the author and the environment in which she has lived. It gives the reader an opportunity to see the human side of public life as few of us will ever experience it.
 There was some about this book I liked - specifically, the sections that focused on her struggle as a woman in politics. When you think of the hours she lists that she had to spend getting physically ready for events (hair, makeup, etc.) it is a picture of how women are judged on many more levels than most men in politics.  However, she glossed over many reasons why she lost to revert to "Comey. Russia. Sexism."  There were many, many mistakes her campaign made in messaging, and she glosses over them.  She also seems to arrogantly think that if people didn't support her policies, it is because they didn't read them or understand them.  She doesn't grasp that much of the country does not agree with her proposed policies.<br/><br/>I do think her book is intellectually honest - she really thinks the main reasons she lost are the ones she harped on.  But I think that is a sign of her arrogance and inability to read the political climate.
 I got have way thru and found it as "All About Me" her liberal focus and disdain for the middle class is what lost the election for her. And so it is just too bad that she is unwilling to see but blames every one else
 My husband has several books by H R Clinton!  Some of his books are signed by Hillary
 Terrible book, full of fiction, sad excuses, and it's written by a liar.
 Book not interesting.
 I love my book by Hillary Clinton. I love hearing in her words her account of the election process that I followed very closely. It answers for me on yes, "What Happened". How could the American people elect the incompetent conman, man baby  we now have in office. Thank you!
 Intimate, clear-eyed account from Hillary Clinton. Great read!
 Excellent book - remarkable woman.
 I find the book a realistic look at what happened. Hillary didn’t sugarcoat anything; she accepts responsibility for the loss, but explains how Russian interference and other factors played a huge role in her defeat.<br/>This is definitely an eye opener for the ones who want an explanation of the 2016 election. If Russian involvement in our democracy is a concern for you, this book should answer some questions in how they operate.
 All I can say is I’m pleased that she took the time to write this. I needed some words of wisdom from the woman who went through it all firsthand. Thank you for you inspiring words actions. Keep going.
 Amazing book.
 Total BS
 Loved it !!! Great revelation ! That book should have hit number one on your list two weeks before it was released. I read a poem Hillary had released in the book. I forget now but I think it was around page twenty eight. I'm still laughing ! It was a political poem sent to her and beautifully frames the GOP. I passed the book on to my daughter in St Pete so I can't look it up. Did I mention that I didn't vote for any Republicans this last time.
 Hillary Clinton singularly possesses an inside perspective from her candidacy in the 2016 election.  From the inner workings of life on the campaign trail to some glimpses of what could be expected from policies that were drowned from the headlines by more sensational stories. It's an amazing account of an inside view into the election that even history will have difficulty explaining to our children in their textbooks.
 Opened my eyes to what went wrong.
 Just a lot of untrue stories with no facts and blames everyone but herself.  HRC thought its was her turn and her elitist attudes do not see the big picture.  And using Bernie Sanders as one of Her excuses shows how low she had gone. Complete denial of the facts on why she lost.
 The only thing that is about to happen is that i will never buy your book.<br/><br/>What happened hmm you lost get over it.
 Are u kidding me?!! These are fake reviews!! I've been reading her pathetic book and it's either half truths or out right lies of what she has been doing during the elections.
 An honest and heartfelt look at the 2016 election. Hillary is an intelligent, inspiring woman, and it was fascinating to read her account of what went wrong.
 A thoughtful, insightful view into Hillary Clinton's perspective on the 2016 election. At some points this is hard to read just due to emotions, but she writes well and makes you laugh often enough to cheer you up.
 I wish she had written some of this stuff before the election and that the media would have covered her policies rather than her non-scandals.  This is a great summary of what she wanted to do, what happened during the election season, and what has happened since. An excellent history lesson for all of us.
 this book sucks, im sure this review will be deleted
 A must read!  We forget all the great things this wonderful woman has done over all the years- America made a big mistake!!!
 i read it and puked. what happen, she got beat cause she didn't hit the states she lost, but took for granted. She assumed!!
 This is a FANTASTIC read, whether you’re Republican or Democrat! The ownership she shows and the pure truth at times is stunning. These words were needed after the election. This is but one side of the truth. But one side that everyone should be open to reading.
 Surprised as to how honest her writing is in this book.
 Who wrote this article?  What is the matter, did President Trump step on your toes?  Keep up the good work President Trump, we needed a president like you for many many years. Just say it like it is.  What is wrong with putting people in there place people?  Stop whining.  At least he wants us as Americans working for what we have,  I guess the Democrats think we should be handed a welfare check monthly.  The way I see it is take your accusations about Trump and stick it right where the sun don't shine  At least we got president with a backbone
 Oh how I wish Hillary had won the election!  We and our country would be in such a better place. I cry as I read because I re-live the last year.  But love the book getting Hillary's insights.  Would recommend this book to anyone.
 As a lifelong Democrat, I was thrilled to have an intelligent woman finally get a chance at leading the country. Despise the Trump group!<br/>But this book is nothing more than we already know. She might have been better off to actually say what really happened. Cheating, lying and bullying by her opponent.<br/><br/>The list of people she acknowledges are helping her were the top 1% and I'm not a fan of most of them. Might have just tried to go on her own merits.
 This book was a total waste of time and money. I purchased the audio version so that I could hear exactly how she felt. Most of the book has nothing to do with what happened but is filled with her family life and feminist views.  The best part was chapter 56 where she lies about Comeys report about her emails. Do not be fooled by all of the five star reviews. This book was not worth the purchase.
 Cannot wait to start it.
 Thank you, Hillary, for writing this book, just knowing you are going to be ok helps me in being able to move on too.  I have been your supporter for years and was more than shocked at the election outcome.  Not that I will ever 'get over' the fraudulence that took place in the 2016 election and how the Republicans have handled it. I will, however, continue to fight for our Democracy and our Constitution in which I do believe in. Please keep fighting along with the rest of us, we need you!
 This is a wonderful mix of the personal and political life of a trailblazer for women in positions of power. It's thoughtful, self-reflective and educational. It would be a great book for women's studies or political science courses. Hillary continues to be an inspiration for women and girls and I look forward to her future work in bringing women's issues to the forefront and helping other women attain positions of power. She not only covers what happened, she recommends meaningful actions for the future and the ending gives hope for the democracy of our country. If you want to know what happened in the 2016 election read this book!
 She shows she is human and not just a political figure . I not a democrat , now I cant say I am republican . I wish she won and our world wouldn't be such a mess . You will love the honesty ,and the feeling she shows . Best book I have read all year . This is coming from many republicans voting blue .
 Good book
 This is a great recount and summary of everything that happened in last couple of years. Hillary presented her ideas very well, and laid out all the issues systematically. This book is not as controversial as you might think it is. You get to learn a lot about how a Presidential campaign is run and behind the scenes happenings.<br/>The book includes very good life lessons as well
 Excellent thoughts from a very moderate politician. There should be more like her and it's a pity we didn't see the first woman president of the USA. From a non-American,!
 Striking study of social order disintegration with a twist of triple cop snitch chasing a bitch that rhymes with rich reveals highly pissed political play freaks who made Hillary hear lock her up. She admits the power of lock her up as the strategy determined to protect what nobody should know.
 The book was completely pointless, and pointed out no real evidence. It was a Trump bashing nonsense, she never admits to guilt of anything.
 I was going to write a detailed review, but I've seen many here deleted because they are truthful.  So since this will most likely be deleted it will be short.  The book didn't cover what happened it covered the reasons Hillary thinks she is great and how she believes it is everyone elses fault she lost.  It was rather boring and I lost interest after half the book.
 Loved the book - could not put it down once I got started reading!  I'm now reading one of Bill's books &amp; love it; as well!  Just hate it that she could not break that GLASS CEILING!!!  Was looking forward to our 1st woman president - cried during Hillary's concession speech - but will not STOP VOTING!  GO DEMS!!!
 Garbage
 A great read.  A very interesting first hand account of the 2016 election, but it provides a much more interesting insight into a talented and thoughtful women and leader.
 I agree with a reviewer "this is an illuminating and historically imperative read."<br/>I listened to the audio book then bought the book for my mother in law knowing that she would love it.<br/>There are so much information that Hillary wanted us her supporters to understand what happen before &amp; after the campaign.<br/>Very informative, educational &amp; depressing.<br/>It is not at all  "blame everyone else except herself" as negative reviewers wrote.
 Excellent book with great insight from the only legitimate candidate in the 2017 race.
 Awesomeness
 I liked her writing about her experiences during the 2016 campaign. According to my understanding of why she did not win, there were a lot of<br/>things that were done against her. I saw it coming when Giuliani said "things were going to happen" after he talked with FBI director Comey.<br/>On the other hand if she had won they would have made it impossible for her to govern.
 Beautifully written book, as expected from Hillary. She explains everything with her customary wisdom, dignity and grace. Very touching too,
 Loved every page.
 What Happened? Well thankfully, I never spent money on this book but essentially according to the most corrupt and unlikeable politician in American History, it was EVERYONE else's fault. That is what happened. What a whiny child not taking responsibility.
 To my way of thinking perhaps too much humility considering the monumental trashing of her character by powerful forces.  She says not to give up and keep on keeping on; I on the other hand want to move out of the country after reading this.
 Good informative read, I found out things about Hillary I never knew such as her religious bent and her love of poetry. I really don't understand the one star reviews that say she takes no responsibility. Did they read the same book or did the words not register? Odd. Some reviews are just name calling. I would tell you if you want to "pull back the curtain" on so many issues of the campaign and Clinton's feelings give the book a read. It is well written, concise, and makes you see why she could serve as secretary of state. I think I needed to read this as much as she needed to write it.
 I wanted to know what HRC has been thinking all thee months. She answered a lot of my questions. I think the book is very good.
 So interesting, sad, and inspiring.  I got the audio version and it is read by Hillary, which feels like she is speaking to you personally.  Love it.
 It's pathetic and immature that Clinton can't accept personal responsibility for her loss. She was a terrible candidate and had a hard time defeating Bernie. Only for the super-delegates in California, Bernie would have beaten her.<br/><br/>But, according to Hillary, 'What Happened' was ...<br/><br/>Suburban women didn't like her<br/>The Russians interferred<br/>The FBI and James Comey<br/>Facebook<br/>Twitter<br/>Wikileaks<br/>Bernie Sanders<br/>TV Executives<br/>Cable News<br/>Fake News<br/>The Democrats<br/>The Republicans<br/>Low informed voters<br/>The 'Deplorables'<br/>Content farms in Macedonia<br/>Obama winning two terms<br/>Bad polling numbers<br/><br/>But of course Donald Trump didn't play any part in her losing. She simply did not connect with people. To her it was like she had an entitlement because of her name.
 When you don’t have political influence to peddle you sell books.
 Horrible book.  I am curious.  How can this be 4.5 stars when all the reviews are 1 or 2 stars at best?  Amazon?!!
 it was a gift -- thx
 Cuts through the lies of trump, (lower case intended), that lunatic that now runs the asylum. Remember that low is the minimum state of up and insanity is the lowest state of sane. Having seen through the lies and ignorance of trump the ally of the soul slayer, Hillaries defeat will point the way to a future good persons success. So the pendulum swings.
 Complete bull.
 Absolutely amazing
 Just what I expected from a book about Hillary! Excuse after excuse why she didn’t win!! This book was a waste of my time and attention!! I am a trump supporter and I wanted to see if Hillary took accountability for her loss....She didn’t!
 Where are the question marks at the end of the title?<br/><br/>WHAT HAPPENED???  Now THAT's a good title.
 Can this person just go away and whine and cry on her husband's shoulder, provided she can get him away from the young girls.
 Resist, insist, persist, enlist. The real winner and 45th President of the United States is Madame President Hillary Rodham Clinton!
 I wanted to read this to perhaps have a deeper understanding about how things unfolded for her on a more personal level and to perhaps reveal some introspection on "what happened". But instead, I think that this was a very cathartic and somewhat self indulgent piece that she needed to share with the world rather than insight into what her role was in this and where the lessons learned could help our country for the future in a more constructive way. By the way, I did vote for her and believe in many of her policies and that she was, and is, truly qualified. I just think that it might have been better for time to pass a bit more to let things settle further to have a greater perspective on "what happened" and then to have a less victimized view of the unbelievable election cycle that just happened to all of us.
 Fast moving, very interesting, great read!
 Hillary is the epitome of a strong, intelligent woman. I appreciate her dedication and service to this country. It is obvious she has been blessed with talents and abilties far beyond most of us. Love her books, and her!
 Not much substance concerning 'what happened' 🤔. I genuinely wanted to know what hadn't been told. I really didn't care to hear more about family and Hillary's background which has been told in another book previously. Because it's nothing new with the exception of the blame game I can't give this book more than 1 star.
 Hillary sounds authentic, as if she is talking to you.  You will admire her after reading this book.
 For all who love democracy and revere our constitution and bill of rights. To protect freedom. This book is about missed opportunity, and the honor and the dignity of this great country.
 Every American should read this book on both sides of the political spectrum,  opening our hearts and minds, and returning to traditional core values. Do we really want to be “the nation which destroyed itself from within?” “Love trumps hate.”
 What a delight to read the words of a well-spoken, intelligent politician, who has thought about all the issues and their connections and their complexities. It was a breath of fresh air from the horrible sound bites on TV. Too bad the media is always after sensationalism rather than depth of issues.
 It looks like most people use this book to confirm their existing opinions of Hillary.  I voted for her but I'm not a big fan, and I'd like to think I started the book with an open mind.<br/> I highly recommend the book because it provides insight into Hillary's view of the world.<br/> I ditto the bait-and-switch reviews.  The content doesn't match the title.<br/> She needs a stronger editor.  With such an extraordinary election to write about, she produces a boring, unsatisfying book.  As others said, its way too long. Lots of irrelevant stuff to wade through.  It's like she was told to write a thousand word essay, but only had a hundred words to say.  The sentence structure is much improved over her previous two books, but the paragraphing is muddled.  For the most part she can't state her thoughts clearly so she rambles. I spent a lot of time checking how many pages were left to finish a chapter.  The first two chapters are way redundant, and throughout the book she repeats things over and over instead of making one forceful statement.<br/> The final nail in the coffin is Hillary's assertion that her hacked emails cost her the election because they were unfairly focused on by the press, yet she doesn't even mention her collusion with the DNC party chairperson which was brought to light via the hacked emails.  She surrenders the moral high ground.  The “mistakes” she admits to are mostly slips-of-the-lip, but nothing concrete.<br/> Like Robert McNamara of the 1960's democrats, Hillary is bristling with statistics, but detached from people's feelings.  She has focus groups to implement her ideas, but no focus groups to challenge her assumptions.  She seems to think if she had made a few different promises, more people would have voted for her.  She just can't see the forest for the trees.<br/> And I have to mention, her religious references are suspiciously, strategically and awkwardly spaced throughout the book.
 What Happened? That's really a good question! We keep hearing different stories about all of the criminal behavior that the clinton crime family has done and yet she needs to write up a book about it? Oh wait, that's right this is all make belief. If you think that this criminal will actually tell the truth about how she stole the election from Bernie, how she made millions selling us all out, how she stole money from Hati during their earthquake, how she treated others around her like trash, I really do not think any of that will be in this book. I also don't think that there will be anything about how she helped hide the crimes of her rapist husband too. This book is about fantasy and making herself look good to The American People. Sorry, this book cannot<br/>do that. Notice how it's on sale now and it's not even ranked? That should tell you that The American People have had enough of this woman, her lies and her corruption.
 Hilary knows how to write...  and she is as sharp as ever!!  I wanted to hear What Happended  in her own words.  On  November 8, my daughter  was in Tokyo and I was in Osaka, and we were texting each other every time the numbers changed. At the end we just couldn't believe she had lost...  then we cried.  Great read but sad and funny at times.  So many of us WANTED  HILLARY IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
 A sad, delusional, badly written hallucination.  What an ugly waste.
 Great book! Yes, I am a Hillary supporter but it was good to read what she was dealing with while running for president.  Easy read.
 The first hour flew by. I have never had strong feelings either way for Mrs. Clinton. Read ing this book we get to know her as a person and not a candidate. Her insight and wisdom are welcome. She woke me up and it is time to get involved.
 Didn't get enough of HRC's hubris during the elections? Now read the book about how Hillary Clinton ran the worst campaign in Democratic history then blamed everyone but herself for losing to a bigoted Cheeto. And remember if you voted third party instead of one of the two conservative nominees, you are now technically a Russian citizen. As new American-Russians it is our responsibility to continue fighting for progressive causes like Medicare for All, BLM, and against domestic terrorism like the Dakota Access Pipeline. Us "Russians" have to stick together while conservatives like HRC throw fundraisers with the 1%.
 Still with her.
 Good book
 outstanding
 Supression of free speech on amazon
 Just starting to read
 Great  book!!
 Every American should read this book. Hillary breaks down what happened during the 2016 election and provides a lot of insight on what should be done moving forward.
 Regardless of what you may be reading, all I saw were 1 star reviews on this book, when I, in fact, thought it was fabulous.  It takes you through her experiences with the election, yes, but more importantly, she analyzes the factors that influenced the outcomes.  She absolutely DOES take credit for many flaws, as I would have expected, but there is no denying that there were other factors at work.<br/><br/>Aside from analyzing the election, and talking about her feelings during the race as well as after, she does talk a lot about her life, her passion for her family, doing what she can to change the world for the better, and how she got where she is today. She also talks about plans for the future.<br/><br/>Overall, I loved the book. It drew me in, made me cry, and really humanized someone who is so easily seen as a 2-dimensional politician.  I highly recommend.
 sure
 My favorite book of 2017. An emotional journey of reliving the terrible election, but filled with new perspective. I especially appreciated the way she tells the story of Russian attacks. I had gotten so lost in this drawn out news, that I hadn't stepped back to see what the overall Russian attack has looked like.
 Outstanding, more shokld red it before they jump into criticizing Hillary.  She is human too and shows that side,  heartwarming story and tells it like it is.  And all this before th Harvey Weinstein stuff too.  Just shows ther e is lots more out there,
 Excellent book, great service and on time delivery. thank you!
 Hillary spends a long portion of this book attempting to make herself relatable, with folksy wisdom and pop culture references. Her email defense is 'everyone else was doing it' (no one else had their own server) and conveniently omits any discussion of the DNC or conflicts of interest with her foundation among other things. She makes insinuations and a few allegations, but ultimately she believes that she has all of the answers for our country's woes and that she wasn't given a chance to enact them. I see this book as her attempt to control the narrative and to make money. I ranked this low because I don't believe that there was much truth in the book and that much was omitted.
 A big and pleasant surprise. Didn't expect a page-turner. I voted for her but didn't know the extent of her generosity, empathy, selflessness or intelligence.  Book was my book club monthly selection. Wish Hillary could have attended. An informative read!!
 A very intimate, honest breakdown of what went right and wrong in the last presidential election. HRC also talks about her life as a child and everything the led up to the moment she almost broke that glass ceiling!
 Very well written,detailed account of the events that led to the election of Donald Trump. A must read.
 Very simple what happened she's blaming everyone but herself.
 Having read "What Happened" from cover to cover, it seems to me that many reviews in the media pulled incomplete quotes or mischaracterized the intent of a given passage in the text. That's how it works these days, when you need to attract eyeballs and clicks to stay afloat.<br/><br/>I thought Hillary provided her best, clear-eyed analysis of the election. She was not too soft on herself and understands why she was not a good enough candidate. She is genuinely concerned about the fate of our nation and tried to provide a structure for moving ahead.<br/><br/>It was very clear that she has a hard time maintaining an objective distance when discussing Bernie Sanders. Mentions of him were often negative. Oh, well. And she didn't have much nice to say about our current president. That is to be expected.<br/><br/>If you are not a Hillary fan, you will need to set aside your preconceptions in order to get through this book. That may be quite difficult. For some, it may be impossible. (I had a tough time in this way with George W. Bush, but I believe I am now able to treat him fairly--after almost 9 years!)
 To be fair, I bought the Audible version of this book and listened to all 16 hours and 50 minutes, read by the lady herself. HRC isn't a bad narrator and I believe "reading" the book in this way gave me more of a feel for her tone (or attitude) when she was talking about certain subjects, such as: Trump, Comey, Bill Clinton, Chelsea Clinton, etc.<br/><br/>As the headline of this review states: we hold HRC's resentment for James Comey to be self evident. It is clear that she blames James Comey for much of her failure in securing the presidency ... if not, perhaps, all of it. And yes, there were some very puzzling and inexplicable maneuvers on Comey's part that hurt her immensely as she made the final push to election day. But even still, she expected to win.<br/><br/>Maybe one of the more intriguing parts of the book (for me) were the parts where she explained how she felt losing to someone like Donald Trump. How she didn't want to go to the inauguration but knew that she had to, or how making the phone call to concede the election was a surreal moment.<br/><br/>I think there are parts of this book that could have been left out. To know "what happened" in the 2016 election doesn't involve long expositions about some of the more personal interest pieces of the book (her childhood stuff, etc). I found those things to be interesting, but they weren't specifically relevant to what happened and why Donald Trump is now President.<br/><br/>Overall though, a good read (or listen), albeit a little long winded.
 Lovely to read a well framed argument, backed up by verifiable facts. This is a thoughtful and more hopeful read that I would have expected.
 Its completely pointless to waste time and read this entire book when the question and the answer are on the cover.. What Happened? Hillary Rodham Clinton happened.
 Inspirational, and educational, as well as entertaining with personal anecdotes.
 Whine, whine, whine, and then whine some more.  You lost, your family is corrupt and criminal, and you are the most hateful person on Earth.  Glad you lost, and even your own party is abandoning your criminal family.
 W0w
 Same old - lame &amp; old...it was everyone else's fault!
 I wish she were the President.
 interesting pov. it's worth reading it to learn
 Emotional! She SHOULD be president, she did win afteral
 Excellent read, frightening at times.  We are in a war like never before.
 LOVE this book!
 Interesting as she stated of the losing Politition going home and back to regular life? Oh not in the 21 century they doint not any more. This is the story of "life" written by her so I will and she is slateing account biased, not uncommon even I have done much the same story telling myself. But. Hillary cannot\does not understand why should lost, I can, her politics do not combined with average America! She never answered the question her husband found searching thru the rual Americans "You want to take away my gun and (make) me attend a gay wedding" one this country foundation is the private ownership of firearmes and religious liberty!<br/><br/>She does blame everything one others dispite her claim of "taking" responsibility of her actions then only to cast it away onto "trumpet's".... Derangement Sydrome.<br/><br/>I didn't vote for you unto a "derangement" but from solid research into you "Public" past. I knew who your are in 92 (didn't vote for huby either) and who you both are still today! Hillary attempted one of the biggest crime of the century ie stealing the election. Everything she told about crrimes blamed upon Republicans was orchestrated of and by the Democrats as a cheater spouse accusing the other of the same this to deflect scrutiny unto self of the same. Why who would know the best unto the crime but the person committed the crime.<br/><br/>Did the Russian's "hack" or collud into the election? Sofar no "concrete" evidence of it but plenty of a "inside" job there is. This book is a tirade coming from a person who wanted the White House so much (delousion) of entitlement! Hillary was eyeing since the day Bill occupied the Presidency! She attempted to run it in the 90's really pissed off when he Healthcare Plan failed (she mentioned in this book) upset that another took what was "her's" in 08, failed as a Secretary of State (of course she will State otherwise but records plenty abide) (most elitest people fail to take in the technologies of this century)<br/><br/>As this story tells; yes much America dislike "third-termers".... We had one of the worst ever Presidential terms, why would I desire another!<br/><br/>Some day we (America) ( maybe Chelsie) have a female president? She no doubt use you as a (stepping stone) just as mentioned in this book? Hillary's account in this book did not wanting of "stepping stone" as to BE the Stone! Not you as your politics no desire as to other "Worthy" wemon......go for it!
 One excuse after another. A waste of time.
 She talks about herself more than explaining what happened. But when it really gets down to it - she points her finger at everyone else as the reason she lost.
 I am an independent voter who believes in Senator Bernie Sanders, and who was appalled to receive this book. I did not order it. I want my money back! I want it recorded as a negative sale.<br/>The small amount that I read of this book put Bernie in a serious negative light. And she did NOT remember that Bernie was the one who said, "Enough already with the emails! I'm tired of hearing about those emails!" And that was at one of the debates before the primaries!<br/>My previous review was not acceptable. Let's see if this one passes muster.
 Poorly written and seems like the author is not taking any accountability for anything that took place. Lack of introspection. I don't think Amazon is going to publish my review anyways. I am an independent voter by the way.
 Was so happy to finally receive my copy. To have an inside look at what Ms. Clinton had to go through and what it took is really revealing. I like that she made it very personal and wrote with a clear and definitive voice.
 must read!
 Chapter one: the beginning<br/>I started by buying the DNC and sending it's work out to my private workers. Then I used all the state's to break $320k of Pac money into 10k each to "donate" to the campaign which was laundered back to me! If you wanna know more ask donna brazile she just broke the news.
 Very well written...The reader actually feels Hillary's emotions of the moment..An excellent read for all women who believe they do have the power to be great within themselves as well as to the world around them. Thank you Secretary Clinton for sharing your most poignant moments !!
 I held off on reading this because the election was still too recent, too painful. And yet, what better way to work through it than by reading Mrs. Clinton's thoughts on her life, her campaign, and yes, on what happened?  I've seen reviews that complain that the book was about all these things instead of an examination of what went wrong and I have to scratch my head over that because I'm not sure we can ever really know what happened, not in any granular way.  Too much went wrong.  Clinton takes the blame for the choices she made that proved to be poor ones, she states on several occasions that she was the candidate and the buck stops there.<br/><br/>But she does discuss other factors. Trump's bitter, divisive campaign that embraced the worst America has to offer. Bernie Sanders (In spite of some reviewers saying she lays all the blame on him, that's simply not so. Her criticisms are the same ones I had, and I was a Sanders supporter.), James Comey and those emails, third party candidates, Russian interference; they all contributed to her loss.  In the end, Clinton seems to believe that the email kerfuffle so close to the election was the single biggest factor. She rightly blames Comey for poor judgment. But there is no single answer and to her credit, she never tries to offer one.<br/><br/>But beyond that, the reader is given a peek at who Hillary Clinton really is.  Daughter, wife, mother, grandmother, these are rolls she cherishes even more than her political career. We hear about her parents, her mother in particular, who shaped her early years, her husband who supported her in everything she chose to do. (Let's get this out of the way right now: She admits her marriage was in crisis at one point. They worked through it, which is what adults do if they can. And she says several times that she has never regretted marrying the man who is her best friend. There aren't any salacious details here, just a woman talking about who she is, and how she got here.)<br/><br/>We get a glimpse into the campaign including a bit of second-guessing, inevitable in a losing campaign. And she talks about coming to terms with the fact that there are people who simply do not like her. I get that.  If all I had to go on was the collection of speeches and commentary she's made, I might feel the same because she often comes across as stiff and reserved. Her diction is precise and the combination makes her seem a little school-marm-y.  But I know her work, I know her reputation, and I like her very much.  After the election I was sad for what we lost.  After reading this book, I'm sad all over.  She would have been a good, even a great president.<br/><br/>I suspect a great many people are going to be reading this through glasses colored by their political beliefs, which is to be expected, but I would hope that if they've gone to the trouble of reading what she has to say, that they will try to do it without preconceptions of how they will react.  Read with an open mind as you'd read anything. That's the only way to get the value of any book.<br/><br/>I'm grateful to a friend for having gifted the book to me.  He was not a Clinton supporter, but wanted to read it, and knew I did as well. His response was heartening.
 I cried a lot reading this. We came so close to having a sane, competent president! But I'm glad I read it. Hillary is funnier and feistier than I realized. She wraps it up in an inspiring, hopeful way.
 I listened to the audiobook version, which was narrated by HRC. I wanted to hear, from her point of view, what she really felt went wrong. As many other reviewers mentioned, she didn't really say. I found many of her insights into career and politics as a woman during the 70s, 80s, and 90s interesting and insightful. I did appreciate her stories like the one about lack of a maternity leave policy at her firm when she was pregnant with Chelsea, and I had absolutely no idea how passionate she was about symbolism, from the glass ceiling in the ballroom where she planned to make her acceptance speech, to the purple clothing she wore to the inauguration because blue (Dem) plus red (Rep) make purple, but in terms of the actual content tied to the election, short of learning about how they decorated their plane for birthdays and holidays, I really didn't learn anything new. It seems as though she still feels that nearly everything they chose to do was the right thing. Unfortunately, she never addressed some of the issues that the general public were concerned about, and for those that she did discuss, they were very brief and glossed over for the most part. I chose the audiobook because I was hoping to hear her deliver it with emotion, much like the other audiobooks I've listened to that were narrated by the author, but found her delivery to be a bit stiff and wooden, which I found disappointing. I do wish her much success, but I had hoped for a bit more in this book
 She is playing a blame game.
 Insightful read. Wish she was our president instead of this corrosive inept person we have. Good book. Easy to read.
 The only book that asks a question and gives the answer in the tital. Full of nothing but blaming others for ones own flaults
 Highly recommend this book.
 You lost. That's what happened. Now everyone can save their money instead of wasting it to buy your book.
 People picked the lesser of two evils. Thats what happened.
 If you are a Hillary supporter, you will enjoy tremendously. I haven't read the entire book yet but thus far it's so so authentic.
 Great read !
 Pulp fiction - time is revealing the real facts - self-projection on a grandiose scale. I've observed the Clintons since Mena Arkansas and the 'doings' in Little Rock. Very unfortunate that people buy into this scripted nonsense.
 Lame excuses. You can get the same stuff by watching MSNBC.
 Regardless of which side of the aisle you tend to support, there is no denying that the 2016 presidential election was one for the history books. Up until the moment the results were tallied, Hillary Clinton was the odds on favorite to defeat Donald Trump for the presidency. As we are all aware, things did not turn out as planned for Clinton. The shock of the loss had her and her supporters wonderings, "What happened?!" In this tell all book, Clinton attempts to answer just that.<br/><br/>I was immediately taken by how candid Clinton is. Several times during the book I found myself thinking that if she had been this open during the campaign, things might have ended differently. Say what you will about Trump, but he definitely has no reservations about saying exactly what is on his mind. Clinton admits to taking a more traditional approach to the process, playing politics by the rules. By her own accounts, she played that game quite well. The only problem is that Trump was playing a radically different game.<br/><br/>Beyond President Trump's unorthodox and often morally questionable political tactics, Clinton spends a good portion of the book commenting on the uphill battle she had as the country's first female presidential candidate.  She writes, "In my experience, the balancing act women in politics have to master is challenging at every level, but it gets worse the higher you rise." Clinton considers herself to be highly qualified for the job of being the president. She served successful terms as both a senator and secretary of state. But she couldn't shake the criticisms of her clothing, speaking voice, and overall demeanor. While she may not have broken the glass ceiling, she writes of her hope that the cracks she made into it will make the task of breaking it a bit easier for future women.<br/><br/>I found myself completely engrossed throughout the entire book. Clinton manages to mingle her political observations with deeply personal reflections about her journey. She writes with candor about the shock of losing a race everyone thought she would win. Despite her disagreements with the man currently occupying the White House, she seems hopeful about the future of the country. Whatever your political affiliations, What Happened is one of the most revealing books that was written this year. Clinton's firsthand accounts perfectly capture the events that helped shape the moment in history that we are currently in.
 Delusional fiction.
 My heart broke while reading this book with my attachment to what could have been. Her rawness, her apparent healing, her honesty was beyond touching. She is a brilliant woman who has changed my life.
 Great read, loved all the stories!
 Hillary Rodham Clinton wrote from the heart. She stayed away from trying to be something she is not...and she knocked it out of the park. This book is not about Democrats/Republicans it is about what this woman has gone through in an attempt to become the first female president of the United States. I enjoyed every page!
 BOOK REVIEW | NONFICTION<br/><br/>A Document for Permanent Consultation and Reference<br/>By GUILLERMO BRUNO | DEC. 9, 2017<br/><br/>WHAT HAPPENED by Hillary Rodham Clinton (New York: Simon &amp; Schuster, 2017), 494 pp.<br/><br/>In a few months, "What Happened" by Hillary Rodham Clinton has transcended frontiers. This book shows us the facts behind the 2016 United States presidential election. What captivated my attention was both the perspective the author chose to tell "her story" and the existence of strong evidence that supports it. Therefore, in my opinion, this essay constitutes a document for permanent consultation and reference. But, let's consider some of the reasons to come to this conclusion.<br/><br/>When grieving is inevitable, you may write with resentment —what you feel when you do not receive what you deserve, it manifests itself in envy where darkness prevents you to cope with grief and to regain the balance lost— or do it with gratitude. Inspired by "The Return of the Prodigal Son" by Henri Nouwen; Hillary decided to express herself with love, joy, trust, gratitude, and courage. Since "gratitude" is the opposite of resentment, they cannot coexist. Thus, if we practice gratitude every day, it becomes a discipline, "the discipline of gratitude," the way to heal wounds, compatible with the Methodist belief "To do all the good you can…" By assuming this approach, with an unparalleled intelligence, she ensures herself a prominent place in history. So, it is not surprising that Mrs. Clinton extends her thanks to lots of people, including the 65,844,610 fellow Americans who voted for her, the Secret Service agents who protected her life as a presidential candidate, the members of her team, and the professionals who took care of her personal image. Moreover, she expresses her respect to the press corps who used to accompany her on the campaign trail.<br/><br/>The Russians stained the 2016 election in an abnormal interference on the American democracy. They not only used the traditional state-run media, but the internet flooding the web with a vast network of fake Twitter and Facebook accounts —either "trolls" "accounts that real people run" or "bots" "short for robots" this is "automatic accounts"— to place malicious headlines targeted to undecided voters. The author says "… Putin himself had ordered a covert operation with the goal of denigrating and defeating me, electing Trump, and undermining the American people's faith in the democratic process…" Besides, I had never imagined that anger, sexism, discrimination, intolerance, disrespect, brutality and an opponent who would break all the rules of a civilized nation would invade the electoral process. Even though Hillary won 2,864,974 more votes than her adversary and captured nearly as many votes as Barack Obama to win in 2012 (65,915,795), she lost the Electoral College. However, these facts in themselves are historical milestones. Needless to say that President Trump owes his victory in the Electoral College to three states where he won by the smallest number of votes: Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan.<br/><br/>During the campaign, it seemed that nobody wanted to listen to Mrs. Clinton's proposals. To those who proceeded in that way, let me remind you some of the most relevant ones. She had proposed: a) to modernize America's infrastructure which included roads, bridges, tunnels, ports, airports, and broadband networks; b) to create new incentives to attract manufacturing jobs in hard-hit communities; c) to impose debt-free college: d) to improve training and apprenticeship programs to help people without college degrees get higher-paying jobs; e) to support small business; f) to expand clean energy production; g) to deploy half-a-billion solar panels in four years; h) to invest in scientific research; i) to establish new rules to make it easier for companies to raise wages and share profits with employees; j) to upgrade workforce protection with a higher minimum wage, equal pay for women, paid family and medical leave, and affordable child care; k) to support reproductive rights, women's access to birth control and abortion as defined in Roe v. Wade; l) to protect the rights of LGBT people; and m) to expand access to treatment, improve training for doctors and pharmacists, and reform the Criminal Justice System to help non-violent drug offenders —victims of the opioid and heroin epidemic— end up in rehab instead of prison. These and many other things could have come true with a slight increase in taxes on the wealthiest, which represent 1% of the US population… In spite of the idea that Peter Barnes explores in his book "With Liberty and Dividends for All…" fascinated Hillary, she decided to leave it on the shelf for further studies.<br/><br/>By the way, do not forget that on June 22, 2000, President Bill Clinton announced the "Completion of the First Survey of the Entire Human Genome Project," one of the greatest legacies of his Administration. On that occasion, President Clinton said “… We are here to celebrate the completion of the first survey of the entire human genome. Without a doubt, this is the most important, most wondrous map ever produced by humankind... More than 1,000 researchers across six nations have revealed nearly all 3 billion letters of our miraculous genetic code… Today, we are learning the language in which God created life… With this profound new knowledge, humankind is on the verge of gaining immense, new power to heal. Genome science will have a real impact on all our lives... It will revolutionize the diagnosis, prevention and treatment of most, if not all, human diseases... by attacking their genetic roots…” Unfortunately, little has been done since then.<br/><br/>With humor and candor, the author reveals what she and her team used to eat during the campaign trail. The "Mothers of the Movement" and the "Flint Water Crisis" moved me very much. It is true that we have to study "the long-term effects of automation and artificial intelligence, both on employment and national security." There are also some relevant quotes to take into account such as "in the twenty-first century, wars will be increasingly fought in cyberspace…," "…we need to get serious about cyberwar" where "government and the private sector need to work together to improve our defenses…" "… The United States should declare that a cyber attack on the American vital infrastructure constitutes an act of war and that it should receive a proportional response." Finally, "…the point of modern propaganda isn't only to misinform or push an agenda; it is to exhaust your critical thinking to annihilate truth…"<br/><br/>It is no good trying to disregard the dangerous forces that shaped the outcome of the 2016 presidential election. Understanding the facts that threatened the democratic process is a must. Amid the darkness of today, this woman –undoubtedly a fighter– becomes the moral reserve of our time, an inspiration for millions of people all over the world to get involved, to raise our voices, to defend our rights, and to fight for the values we believe in and care for. To sum up, these are some of the reasons that lead me to recommend this masterpiece, and as the Gershwin brothers say "Who Could Ask for Anything More."<br/><br/>Guillermo Bruno<br/><br/>Guillermo Bruno was born in Argentina. He holds a Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) from the School of Legal Sciences, Universidad del Salvador (USAL), and a Master of Laws (LL.M.) in Air and Space Law from the Instituto Nacional de Derecho Aeronáutico y Espacial (INDAE). He has been a professor of law, a legal writer, a defender of animal rights, and a songwriter.<br/><br/>RECENSIÓN DE LIBRO | NO FICCIÓN | ESPAÑOL<br/><br/>Un documento de referencia y consulta permanente<br/>Por GUILLERMO BRUNO | DIC. 9, 2017<br/><br/>QUÉ PASÓ de Hillary Rodham Clinton (New York: Simon &amp; Schuster, 2017), 494 pp.<br/><br/>En unos meses, "Qué pasó" de Hillary Rodham Clinton ha trascendido las fronteras. Este libro nos muestra los hechos detrás de las elecciones presidenciales de Estados Unidos de 2016. Lo que cautivó mi atención fue tanto la perspectiva que la autora eligió para contar "su historia" como la existencia de pruebas sólidas que la avalan. Por lo tanto, en mi opinión, este ensayo constituye un documento de referencia y consulta permanente. Pero, consideremos algunas de las razones para llegar a esta conclusión.<br/><br/>Cuando el duelo es inevitable, puedes escribir con resentimiento –lo que sientes cuando no recibes lo que mereces, se manifiesta en envidia donde la oscuridad te impide elaborar el duelo y recuperar el equilibrio perdido– o hacerlo con gratitud. Inspirada en "El regreso del hijo pródigo" de Henri Nouwen; Hillary decidió expresarse con amor, alegría, confianza, gratitud y coraje. Como la "gratitud" es lo opuesto al resentimiento, no pueden coexistir. En consecuencia, si practicamos la gratitud todos los días, se convierte en una disciplina, "la disciplina de la gratitud", la forma de sanar heridas, compatible con la creencia Metodista que expresa: "Haz todo el bien que puedas…” Al asumir esta postura, con una inteligencia incomparable, se asegura un lugar prominente en la historia. Por lo tanto, no sorprende que la Sra. Clinton extienda su agradecimiento a muchas personas, incluidos los 65.844.610 de estadounidenses que votaron por ella, los agentes del Servicio Secreto que protegieron su vida como candidata presidencial, los miembros de su equipo y los profesionales que se ocuparon de su imagen personal. Además, expresa su respeto por los cuerpos de prensa que solían acompañarla en la campaña electoral.<br/><br/>Los rusos mancharon las elecciones de 2016 con una interferencia anormal en la democracia estadounidense. No solo usaron los medios estatales tradicionales, sino Internet inundándolo con una vasta red de cuentas falsas de Twitter y Facebook –sea con "trolls" “cuentas que las personas reales ejecutan” o con “bots” “abreviatura de robots”, esto es, "cuentas automáticas"– para colocar titulares maliciosos dirigidos a votantes indecisos.  La autora dice: "... el mismo Putin había ordenado una operación encubierta con el objeto de denigrarme y derrotarme, elegir a Trump y socavar la fe del pueblo estadounidense en el proceso democrático..." Además, nunca imaginé que la ira, el sexismo, la discriminación, la intolerancia, la falta de respeto, la brutalidad y un oponente que quebrantaría todas las reglas de una nación civilizada invadirían el proceso electoral. Pese a que Hillary ganó 2.864.974 de votos más que su adversario y obtuvo casi la misma cantidad de votos que Barack Obama en 2012 (65.915.795), perdió en el Colegio Electoral. Sin embargo, estos hechos en sí mismos son hitos históricos. Huelga decir que el presidente Trump debe su victoria en el Colegio Electoral a tres estados donde ganó por el menor número de votos: Pennsylvania, Wisconsin y Michigan.<br/><br/>Durante la campaña, parecía que nadie quería escuchar las propuestas de la Sra. Clinton. Para aquellos que procedieron de esa manera, permítanme recordarles algunas de las más relevantes. Había propuesto: a) modernizar la infraestructura de Estados Unidos, que incluía carreteras, puentes, túneles, puertos, aeropuertos y redes de banda ancha; b) crear nuevos incentivos para atraer puestos de trabajo de manufactura en las comunidades más afectadas; c) imponer una universidad sin deudas: d) mejorar los programas de capacitación y aprendizaje para ayudar a las personas sin títulos universitarios a obtener mejores empleos remunerados; e) apoyar a las pequeñas empresas; f) expandir la producción de energía limpia; g) desplegar medio billón de paneles solares en cuatro años; h) invertir en investigación científica; i) establecer nuevas reglas para facilitar que las empresas eleven los salarios y compartan los beneficios con sus empleados; j) mejorar la protección de la fuerza de trabajo con un salario mínimo más elevado, el mismo salario para las mujeres, licencia familiar y médica pagada y cuidado infantil asequible; k) apoyar los derechos reproductivos, el acceso de las mujeres al control de la natalidad y al aborto como se define en Roe v. Wade; l) proteger los derechos de las personas LGBT; y ll) expandir el acceso al tratamiento, mejorar la capacitación de médicos y farmacéuticos y reformar el Sistema de Justicia Criminal para ayudar a que los infractores por drogas no violentos –víctimas de la epidemia del opio y la heroína– terminen en lugares de rehabilitación, no en la prisión. Estas y muchas otras cosas podrían haberse hecho realidad con un ligero aumento en los impuestos a los más ricos, que representan el 1% de la población de EE.UU… A pesar de la idea que Peter Barnes explora en su libro "Con libertad y dividendos para todos..." que fascinó a Hillary, decidió dejarlo para estudios más detallados.<br/><br/>Por cierto, no olviden que el 22 de junio de 2000, el presidente Bill Clinton anunció la "Finalización del Proyecto Genoma Humano", uno de los mayores legados de su administración. En esa ocasión, el presidente Clinton dijo: "... Estamos aquí para celebrar la finalización del Proyecto Genoma Humano... Sin lugar a dudas, este es el mapa más importante y maravilloso jamás producido por la humanidad... Más de 1.000 investigadores en seis naciones han revelado casi 3.000 millones de letras de nuestro código genético milagroso... Hoy, estamos aprendiendo el lenguaje en el que Dios creó la vida... Con este nuevo y profundo conocimiento, la humanidad está a punto de ganar un inmenso y nuevo poder para sanar. La ciencia del genoma tendrá un impacto real en todas nuestras vidas... Revolucionará el diagnóstico, la prevención y el tratamiento de la mayoría de las enfermedades humanas, si no todas... atacando sus raíces genéticas..." Desafortunadamente, poco se ha hecho desde entonces.<br/><br/>Con humor y sinceridad, la autora revela lo que ella y su equipo solían comer durante la campaña electoral. Las "Madres del Movimiento" y la "Crisis del Agua en Flint" me conmovieron en grado sumo. Es cierto que tenemos que estudiar "los efectos a largo plazo de la automatización y la inteligencia artificial, tanto en el empleo como en la seguridad nacional". También hay algunas citas relevantes para tener en cuenta como: "en el siglo XXI, las guerras se librarán cada vez más en el ciberespacio...", "...debemos tomarnos en serio la ciberguerra", donde "el gobierno y el sector privado deben trabajar juntos para mejorar nuestras defensas...” “...Estados Unidos debería declarar que un ciberataque a la infraestructura vital estadounidense constituye un acto de guerra y recibir una respuesta proporcional". Finalmente, "...el objetivo de la propaganda moderna no es solo desinformar o impulsar una agenda, es agotar el pensamiento crítico para aniquilar la verdad..."<br/><br/>Es inútil tratar de ignorar las fuerzas peligrosas que dieron forma al resultado de la elección presidencial de 2016. Hay que comprender los hechos que amenazaron al proceso democrático. En medio de la oscuridad del hoy, esta mujer –sin dudas una luchadora– se convierte en la reserva moral de nuestro tiempo, una inspiración para que millones de personas de todo el mundo nos involucremos, alcemos nuestras voces, defendamos nuestros derechos y luchemos por los valores y principios en los que creemos. En suma, estas son algunas de las razones que me llevan a recomendar esta obra maestra y como dicen los hermanos Gershwin: "¿Quién podría pedir algo más?".<br/><br/>Guillermo Bruno<br/><br/>Guillermo Bruno nació en Argentina. Es abogado, egresado de la Facultad de Ciencias Jurídicas de la USAL (Universidad del Salvador) y realizó un posgrado en la Especialización en Derecho Aeronáutico y Espacial en el INDAE (Instituto Nacional de Derecho Aeronáutico y Espacial). Es profesor de derecho, escritor, defensor del derecho de los animales y autor y compositor.
 Read book but make you upset that Trump won the electoral college but lost by close to 3 million votes in general election
 Don't waste your time.  My 2 year olds never whined this much...and I had 3 kids!<br/>Leaders don't blame others.  Leaders take responsibility for their actions.  No wonder my whole family no longer votes Democrat.
 Everyday I wish Hillary was in the WH. Everyday that obnoxious bully tweets something so stupid that our enemies must laugh at us for electing this toddler. It's painful to watch.
 A great read
 I am convinced more than ever that never has a person been so mis represented and mis understood as Mrs. Hillary Rodham -Clinton.  This book read like a conversation between two friends. I felt as if she were sitting in my kitchen talking it out as women often do.<br/><br/>BRAVO!! I'm still with her!!
 When Bill Clinton entered the White House, I had just turned 12 the September before. I grew up then in the Clinton era. I watched what happened. I saw the Lincoln bedroom being sold. I saw the talks about Monica Lewinsky and if oral sex really counts as sex or not. I know about Osama Bin Laden being in our sights and being let go because Bill just didn't want to give the order. The Clinton era was not a good era.<br/><br/>Yet if Clinton was a problem, his wife was even worse. Since being in the limelight, I have seen her as endlessly conniving and wanting to get power for the sake of power. The problem with her also is you just can't trust her. When Benghazi happened, she blamed it on a video tape and told one of the mothers of the fallen that that's what happened, despite knowing otherwise. Wherever she has gone scandal has followed. As the Obama era came to an end, my wife and I started talking about 2016 and who would run. I told her whoever would run would beat Hillary, because Hillary is not a popular candidate and she has too much scandal associated with her.<br/><br/>I was right.<br/><br/>While I did vote for Trump, he certainly wasn't my first choice, but I did see him as far better than having Hillary up there and largely, I have been pleased with the first year. What has amazed me is the endless onslaught that Trump has faced which is like nothing I have ever seen. Largely, this all goes back to Hillary. Hillary is still trying to run what goes on in this nation because of the sad reality that she just can't accept the fact that she lost the presidency.<br/><br/>Reading this book is a tragedy. I really wanted to give it two stars at least at the start. I thought it might not be so bad at parts. There was some advice on how to handle disappointment and loss and that's okay, but more and more this book needed to be cut back. So much of the material in here is about Hillary's personal life and says absolutely nothing about the campaign itself. One is better off reading "Shattered" if they want to know what happened in the campaign.<br/><br/>As you read the book, you constantly get the impression that Hillary is campaigning still. She is trying to show the world that she still thinks she's a better candidate than Donald Trump and still trying to point out all the problems with him. Her chapter on the Russians being behind everything is entirely convoluted. Hillary is so unwilling to accept that she lost that she is willing to come up with an entire conspiracy to explain it because, hey, she's Hillary Clinton.<br/><br/>Hillary shows the whole entitlement mantra that is common among millennials today. She thinks that because she worked so well with Obama and her husband was president that she deserves to be president. It was her turn. She says she had ideas, but she didn't communicate them. Going out and saying "We need more jobs" is not a powerful campaign. What poltician will say the opposite? "Vote for me! I'll double the unemployment rate!"<br/><br/>A constant refrain throughout the book is that Hillary is a woman. She tries to get as much as she can out of wearing this political cone bra as if it makes a difference. "Vote for me! I'm a woman!" "Did I mention I'm a female!?" "I have two X chromosomes! Vote for me!" "We need to have a woman president!" In the end, Hillary decides we just weren't ready. In reality, many of us would have voted for a female candidate happily. Sarah Palin or Condoleezza Rice or Carly Fiorina. We just don't want a woman for the sake of having a woman, but Hillary wants to put her womanhood on display and if that is what is perceived as the main selling point of your campaign, excuse us if we're not impressed.<br/><br/>Hillary also cannot accept being wrong about things. As you go through, you find out who is really to blame for what happened with Hillary. It was Fox News, or the media (Which was totally against her and really supportive of Trump, despite also saying that most every newspaper endorsed her for president), or James Comey (And how dare he say something against the State Department when he lets me off the hook despite my doing everything wrong!), or Donald Trump, or Bernie Sanders, or Wikileaks, or the Electoral College. (Yes. A few times she mentions we need to get rid of this archaic system, which would have been the exact opposite if she had won the Electoral College and Trump won the popular vote.)<br/><br/>About the only person not responsible is Hillary. She pays lip service to saying it was her campaign and such, but more often when it comes to pointing fingers, she's pointing at everyone else. The fact that this book even exists is a testimony to her narcissism. She has to write a whole book about why she lost and has this idea that everyone else is just fascinated and wondering what is going on. Well, no. We're not. Still, I can't say I want Hillary to go away entirely. The way I see it, her presence out there is doing a whole lot more to damage the Democratic party.<br/><br/>It's also noteworthy the matters she leaves out. She talks about what she thinks the founding fathers would say about Trump being in the White House despite being guilty of sexual assault. Of course, most of us saw it as locker room talk. Disgusting, but not anything that he was charged with. Bill Clinton on the other hand did lie under oath and Hillary can say the charges against her husband were dismissed, but she was leading the charge against those who dared to accuse Bill. Now when Roy Moore later gets claims made about him, every woman is to be believed. Strange that didn't apply in her case.<br/><br/>When she talks about the emails, she says nothing about the smashing of devices that she used. She says nothing about the Bleach Bit. She still is either ignorant of the fact or just lying when she says that everyone has personal email in government and only mentions the server she had once. The personal email wasn't the issue. It was the server that was the issue. If these 30,000 emails were just personal, why not let the FBI see them? Why go to such great lengths to erase them? After all, Bleach Bit is supposed to be so strong that not even God can bring them back.<br/><br/>She also says very little about the tarmac meeting between Lynch and her husband. The rest of us are just supposed to see a coincidence here. I don't think so. This is one more reason Hillary lost. There is too much suspicion around her and many of us find it difficult to believe a single word that she says.<br/><br/>She says nothing about stealing the DNC vote away from Bernie Sanders. I think Sanders would be a horrible president, but that doesn't mean that he wasn't wronged. He most certainly was. Hillary was being fed the questions in advance and there was work being done behind the scenes to make sure that Hillary got the nomination. Bernie never even had a chance. The game was rigged right from the start.<br/><br/>Speaking of which, it's interesting that when the DNC servers got hacked, Hillary never let the government authorities look to see what was there. Instead, she used a third party for that. Why? If there is the possibility that a foreign entity is trying to hack the system, shouldn't that be the area that our government should come in and look?<br/><br/>She talks some about the Clinton Foundation, but she says nothing about Schweizer's "Clinton Cash" or the reality about how she is viewed by the poor people of Haiti. Most Americans know that if you're in the charity business, you should not be getting rich off of it, yet that's exactly what happened. She also says nothing about deals like Uranium One and other such things.<br/><br/>In the end, I can do no better than what one of my friends said about this book. It is the only book with a question on the cover that he knows of that is also answered on the cover. What Happened? Hillary Rodham Clinton. Hillary is what happened. She can talk about Comey and Trump and the media and Bernie and everything else all she wants, but the reality is she was a very flawed candidate who ran a very weak campaign because she thought she was entitled to it. Trump won, but I honestly think anyone could win against her. That she lost is not something about how awesome a candidate Trump was. It's more about how horrible a candidate she was. Right now, the Democratic party is in tatters and trying to piece itself together and it's all because one lady decided to set up a private server in her house and can't accept the fact that she lost. What Happened in 2016 is also what has happened to the Democrats. Hillary.<br/><br/>Keep it up Hillary. The more you keep happening, the more you will enable those of us who are Republicans to have more and more victories.
 Unbearable hubris and revisionism.
 Makes difficult subject matter easy to understand
 Bought this for my sister and she loves it. She is hoping she comes near our area for a book signing and speech.
 Enjoyed the book.
 This book came in perfect condition. I read it cover to cover &amp; thoroughly enjoyed it. Sitting on my bookshelf and still in great condition after one read.
 What happened, Hillary Rodham Clinton. That about sums it up. That is exactly what happened.
 My copy arrived water stained so I had to throw the ruined jacket away. The content and syntax of the book was great to read; the acknowledgements were to be expected, and Mrs. Clinton sounded both sincere, honest, adult, and kind. Kinder than I would have been, for sure. She will always stand as an exemplary human being despite the stolen election process and nothing can diminish that fact. Hope to see her helping in Washington D.C. as much as she is so very capable of doing.
 Reading Mrs. Clinton’s reflections broke my heart. It is a painful reminder that she was a thoroughly prepared , informed and competent alternative to the chaos and ineptitude that currently reigns . I have been left with a greater appreciation for the obstacles she faced many of which I now believe were a result of anti-female bias!
 Intriguing, eye opening, truthful and factually credible. I usually only get through 1/2 of political books but stayed interested for the whole book.
 Great read! Hillary has such wisdom and insight. I am #stillwithher
 Waste of paper.
 quick read. cant believe shes still speaking about this..
 This is a great tell-all book about the 2016 Campaign.
 She pour her heart and soul into this book. It was a quick read. I just couldn't put it down. So sad she isn't the president!!
 Read this book because I was curious. Very disappointing.  If you want to read a bunch of excuses, this book is for you. Personally don't think it was worth the purchase price.
 A great story of resilience after a devastating defeat...every Democrat should read it and the Republicans that are not deplorable should read it as well.
 I have recommended this book to others with reservation. Towards the last third of the book I felt smothered by over wordiness and began skipping ahead. I admire Ms Clinton and voted for her as well as campaigned for her.
 The beginning was an autobiography of Mrs. Clinton. Her childhood and many quotes from historical figures. The ending was a recap of what she would have done had she won the election, what she has done since losing, and her ideas of what America's fears should be now. Somewhere in the middle, in one chapter, is a list of those she blames for her loss. The whole book could have been written with one line,  "the easier choice is to play the pin the tail on the donkey blame game which has happened<br/>to democrats in too many places". This is exactly what Mrs. Clinton.<br/>Does in this book. Don't waste your money or time on this one.
 An interesting, insightful, educational, and often frightful recap of the 2016 US Presidential election. No surprise that the anti-Hillary camp is protesting the book as it illuminates the Russian Interference, Comey Interference, Wikileaks Interference, radical right-wing orchestrated campaigns, etc. to keep a highly qualified and capable woman from reaching 1500 Pennsylvania Avenue.<br/><br/>I found Hillary's recap very informative and am pleased that she dedicated the time to document and provide here experiences and insights into the 2016 Presidential campaign. I will warn the reader that this is a very comprehensive recap of her research and memories during this period.
 I really wasn't sure what to expect....In fact, I thought I knew everything there was to know about "what happened"  I was really surprised by the story and the raw honesty with which Hillary tells her story.  I found myself in tears in the first half of the book in several places.  Why?  Because what happened to her is why we have Weinsteins, Trumps, O'reilly's, and Cosby's.  Misogyny played such a key role in the 2016 election.  There are other factors as well, the mass movement that she spoke of is one piece, but part of that mass movement, was a mass movement against women!  It's also a mass movement against non-white races, (which I was aware of prior to reading the book).  I personally experienced the type of misogyny during the campaign in my own work environment that I attribute to Trumpism.  I've had such a hard time communicating what that was, but reading this book has helped me process it and explain it to others.<br/>I just think this book is so important.  We've got a lot of healing to do as a nation.  I praise Hillary Clinton so much for having the strength and humility to write this book.
 Hillary Clinton's latest book is as thorough a analysis of the 2016 presidential campaign as one would expect from her, as she is always careful and thorough in her thinking.  Anyone who has said that she blames everyone but herself for the loss of the campaign has NOT read the book.  There is plenty of blame to go around, and she owns up to her shortcomings, but does not skimp on the other factors.  What shows through is not only her excellent competence and her good intellect, but also her faith and her values.  The nation is poorer for her not being president, but she leaves hope that she will continue to contribute to the welfare of the USA in future, even out of elected office.
 Prior to reading WHAT HAPPENED, I heard and read many comments stating that Secretary Clinton failed to take blame for her loss and that she blamed everyone else. Now that I have completed the book, I must conclude that either these people had read a different book or they have so much hatred for this incredible, pioneering woman that they are incapable of giving her a fair hearing..<br/><br/>HRC accepts much of the blame for her loss. However, she catalogs the horrendous series of catastrophes that prevented a person who was probably the most qualified in history to be president from reaching the White House. First and foremost, there was Comey, a man who should be hanged from the nearest lamp post for swinging the election at just the wrong moment--the final stretch when Hillary had all the momentum and a 5% lead. There was the crazy Bengazi blame-shifting--while Trump was getting away with groping women, lying, and all sorts of immoral and illegal activity, Republicans kept the headlines pointed toward "crooked Hillary." Then, of course, there was the Russian interference in the election: Putin's desire to have a dummy he could manipulate in the White House. Hillary admits that she blew it with the emails. She knows that she could have put the issue away with a simple "I screwed up and here, take my server" at the very beginning.<br/><br/>As far as the book itself is concerned, I found it insightful and quite heartwarming. The words came from the heart of a woman scorned. It brought tears to my eyes time and again, as I sat back and asked myself: "How could this incredible lady have lost the election to a dishonest, uneducated, unqualified, narcissistic lout?" That was the most dramatic effect of this book on the reader: having to ponder what kind of country we have become in sending a man like Trump to the White House.<br/><br/>On the negative side, I believe that WHAT HAPPENED is much too long. The message could have been even more powerful if told in half the pages. But that's a minor flaw. I wish everyone--including the Clinton haters--could read this book and contemplate what could have been.
 Can't wait for the sequel...
 Nah.
 Hated the book. Not very well written. Also would say, don’t let your guard down. America is coming for you
 One of her best books yet.  I loved this one and I miss her.  She should have been President.
 I’ll start this review by saying that most people that take the time to read this book will most likely already be fans of Hillary Clinton. I am one of them. However, I became a much bigger and more knowledgeable fan after reading this book. I thought I knew a lot about her background, but my knowledge just scratched the surface. And the more I learned about her advocacy work before entering politics, the more impressed I became. In fact, I think advocacy may be where her strengths lie.<br/><br/>This book is quite long. Maybe too long for some. I didn’t mind the detail and stuck with it. I chose to listen to the audiobook, which she reads herself. I enjoyed that because it felt very conversational.<br/><br/>Hillary is intelligent, dedicated, passionate, and knowledgeable. For sure. But this book helped me realize how funny, warm and compassionate she is.<br/><br/>I wish every American had read this book before the 2016 election. If so, the result may have been different. But then, she wouldn’t have needed to write this exact book about what happened in that election.
 It's been said and I agree that this is HRC unguarded.  I grew in admiration for her and the enormous labor/service she has done to achieve so much and at such a cost.  The context did indeed help me to understand what happened. I think most significant for me was the part in the book where she acknowledges that she doesn't have the inspirational class mobility story of Bill Or the inspirational story of Barack, but she does have a story of being one of the few women in graduating law class, she does have the story of again and again hitting that glass ceiling and breaking it.  I was sad and angry all over again reading it, but it gave me courage.  Not only do I not want her to go away, I hope she continues to give 'em hell.
 I was mesmerized by her emotional account of what happened and how she perceived it.  One's perception is their reality...an excellent book no matter your party affiliation.  If you are a woman, this book reminds you....no matter how far we have come, we have a hell of a lot farther to go!
 Candid behind the scenes look written from a very subjective perspective.<br/><br/>She definitely uses the book to settle scores with people she doesn't like, and seems to blame others more than she takes personal responsibility.<br/><br/>It feels like revisionist history in some parts and belabored in others.<br/><br/>She is a very bright, hard-working, and accomplished women who would have made a fine President.<br/><br/>She accepted a lot of money from Wall Street for giving speeches and allowed her confidential emails to wind up on Anthony Weiner's computer.
 This is an excellent target for use at the gun range! Accepts all types of calibers and it will fall apart just like the DNC on election night!!! MAGA!!!!
 Thought this book was very disappointing. Seemed like a book of excuses rather than the truth.
 I thought reading this would make me sad all over again, but it really helped me process all that happened. Hillary comes across so naturally in this book and it was like sitting on a couch with her listening to her tell what actually happened. I really enjoyed reading it and would highly recommend it!
 I've just received this book via Amazon; and despite the overall high ratings, I'm shocked to see such sinister, hideous reviews highlighted in the very beginning. I don't see what many of these trolls are nagging about Hillary just filling pages with complaints and blame towards others. On multiple accounts she carefully outlines her own personal mistakes and what she could have done better to improve her chances of winning. She takes full responsibility for her mistakes (i.e., page 46, talking about her mistake of taking fees from Wall Street advocates to give speeches). She also acknowledges that politics in and of itself is dirty, and by becoming in the front lines of running for president - especially as the first female candidate in American history - this brings in it's own set of discrimination which she outlines in detail. This is by far no stretch for women in any line of highly academic work. She's on point about this - no doubt (just look at the difficulties our history has shown for successful females in academia, medicine, etc).<br/><br/>I think this book was a great reflection on Hillary's trials and tribulations, on the mistakes she made and on the lessons she's learned going forward. Most importantly, she details how this has helped her bring her guard down and really enjoy her life with those she loves most. I thought it was a very well written, candid review of her life during presidential candidacy, and highly recommend it :)<br/><br/>I would be VERY cautious to believe these outright false reviews of the book - it's much more prudent to purchase it and make your own honest judgement about it. I'm not in any way involved in politics (not even close to that field), but I can tell you there are some very negative, very Trump-leaning remarks here that have absolutely nothing to do with the content of the book. Trolls unfortunately dominate every inch of virtual space nowadays - especially on things that are shedding positive light and hope for our future. So please do yourself a favor and make your own honest decisions on the quality of the book and its content  - I promise you will not regret it :)
 This is one of the best books ever. It clearly shows how those Russians helped to steal the election away from our rightful president.  It was not Hillary's fault she lost, as in clearly explained in the book, she lost because of the electoral college, and James Comey. Why Comey would reopen the email scandal when he had already given her a pass is beyond the author knowledge. i feel sorry because HRC thinks she should be leading our nation for the next 8 years.<br/>Be sure you read it with a box of Kleenex because it will make you cry, how half the country was taken in by this pathetic woman.
 The depth of policy, knowledge, and committment in the book show the greatness that could have been in this country.
 Honest, humble, and informative.  I look forward to her continued political involvement.
 Great book!
 couldn't get more than ten pages in for obvious reasons
 Well what a crock!  This is a "blame game" book and I actually was hoping that it would really be an accurate account of how she saw things happened.  Looks like she still has blinders on.  Always everyone else's fault.
 So do we live in a free society, or don’t we? Clearly this book was not well received by the masses — even by diehard Clinton fans who view her almost as a deity — yet Amazon is directing a particular narrative by censoring negative reviews?<br/><br/>Is her lasting legacy to just leave us even more untrusting of politicians and the corporations that line their pockets? If there is one redeeming quality to this book, it is in revealing the truth about Amazon’s practices, elucidating the left’s police state agenda in a brilliant way.
 THIS BOOK IS REALLY INTERESTING AND IF YOU DID NOT VOTE FOR HILLARY YOU WILL REALIZE YOUR MISTAKE.  IT DEALS WITH  WHAT IS WRONG WITH WHAT IS HAPPENING IN AMERICA IN A REALISTIC WAY.  YOU WILL NOT REGRET READING THIS BOOK EVEN IF YOU ARE NOT A FAN OF HILLARY CLINTON.
 Hard to read and difficult to understand
 The election left me weary and not really in the mood to focus on politics. I was very surprised to find I had a hard time putting this book down. I wasn't expecting wit and humor, but it was there.  Of course there's disappointment, regret and Monday morning quarterbacking. Most amazing though, is the wealth of information which is written in such a concise manner.  It was enjoyable to read! The book leaves you with a message of love and kindness.  It reminds us that we need to work together for the good of our nation.  It took a good heart to write this book.
 Amazing how out of touch and delusional this woman is and almost became president. Save your money, this book is garbage.
 This book is a joke. Literally her only reason for being President was it I was her turn. Don't waste your money even out of curiosity like I did.
 I learned a lot from the insight of Hillary and her campaign team to the Russian invasion of our election. Worth the read!
 What happened...to the one star reviews?
 Enlightning, must read!
 well written. She opens up and is very sincere.
 What a bunch of horse crap!
 Garbage. This woman lives in a fantasy land.
 Basura .
 Hillary Clinton has excellent grammar, her story was interesting and her observations spot on. I especially liked her feminist chapter bemoaning the treatment of women in politics and her realistic concept of how a campaign SHOULD be run.<br/><br/>She admits that her campaign style didn't cut it with the masses. People want to grab on to a dream, regardless of whether or not a nominee has a chance in hell of delivering on his or her promises. She approached the campaign with purpose and focus,  on achievable goals. And yes, sometimes you have to sleep with a few dogs and wake up with some fleas to get things done. It's the nature of politics and compromise.<br/><br/>She also talks about the sensationalist press and how their coverage of her emails and Trump's antics turned the campaign into a circus, devoting only 34 minutes in the debates to actual policy, compared to 287 minutes in prior presidential candidate debates. In summary, she cited enough provable facts to make her story believable.<br/><br/>And now for the bad news. I listed to the audio book, which she read. It drove me crazy. She pronounced almost every single "a" (a book, a pencil, a desk) as if she were saying the letter "a." In other words, as a long "a."  When I listen to any audiobook, I don't want the reader to read me the book. I want to believe that  they are telling me a story. I can't believe that nobody told her to speak normally. And for a person who is perceived as distant, cold, unlikable it's not a good idea to keep reminding the listener that she's reading from a book and not pouring her authentic little heart out as I'm sure she wanted to do. Despite the intimacy of a lot of the content, it just didn't come across in the reading.<br/><br/>Hillary, I love you. I loved your book. I voted for you. But I am a published author and an editor, and I beg you to take this advice if you ever intend to read your own audio book again. Speak as if you're talking to a friend, not the way you were taught to read in first grade.  And if any of Hillary's friends read this review, please pass it on to her.
 Went into this book without a real opinion on Hillary, positive or negative. I know where I stand now, and this book is a great read. Hillary is very raw and humble. I highly recommend this if you are still trying to make sense of the chaos of the last election.
 Clinton really calls Medicare-For-All a "free pony." This is the system used in nearly every country in the world, it is widespread and common, yet she actually claims something the rest of the world already does is a crazy dream. Amazing.
 An honest review from Hillary's perspective.  Believable.  If you ever failed at anything, it's nice to walk through someone else defeat.  Hillary did a great job of narrating the audiobook.
 Excellent book! Hillary Clinton is brilliant, as usual. She does a good job of explaining all the different forces that were at play and working against her during the election campaign. How I wish we had her as President!
 If you are of a closed mind and refuse to accept "facts" do not read this book as it will not be of interest to you. However if you want to know the real story behind this last election and can accept what Hillary points out this is a great book. Very enlightening.
 Absolutely excellent book!! I loved reading it. Intelligent, thoughtful, informative, insightful and funny! She lays it all out &amp; holds nothing back. Refreshing to read and gave me hope! I bought a copy for my son &amp; sent it to him also.
 Don't waste your time or money !!!!
 Very well written and insightful.<br/><br/>I doubt the one star reviews even read the book.  Just wanted to voice their dislike of Hillary and the Clintons in general.<br/><br/>Sad what our country has become.<br/><br/>Bigly!
 I have never been more proud to say I know a politician. Hillary explained all the one and outs of her arduous campaign with a no holds barred honesty. She freely and painfully admitted her mistakes during the campaign, where she should have spent more time, how her aversion the press handicapped her. But after reading this book in it's entirety, I don't know if those things would have been fatal considering the collusion and interference by the Russians and the misogyny that is still prevalent in American politics today. The last two chapters were sad and at the same time hopeful.  Hillary has made such a huge difference in my life and in the lives of my children. Because she has she has guaranteed this country, this world will be a better place for all of us.  To persist is to achieve.
 Good book !!! I was a  Bernie Sanders supporter .. But I like her more now
 Honest and poignant. Well researched and documented. She doesn’t shy away from revealing her most personal, and painful, reactions to her defeat.
 Terribly written book. Ever the narcissist Hillary as usual blames everyone else for her problems. I was at one her book signings and she had the worst body ever I've ever smelled. Kinda like a homeless guy who shat himself.
 I liked this. I felt it was humanizing.  Much of it felt like sitting at the kitchen table with a friend who's been through a rough time - and letting her vent.
 They should rename the book "Licking My Wounds &amp; Laughing All The Way To The Bank".
 I read What Happened when it was released back in October. Hillary Clinton always managed to make her look good even when she admitted that she made some "strategic errors". She purposely left out important details that would paint her as a calculated liar. She is right about Trump and she made a good assessment of him and she is right about misogyny and there is a lot of heartwarming stories and jokes that make her look human. But then when it comes to Bernie Sanders, she rewrote history by saying Sanders copied her idea and make it bigger; Bernie has been proposing the same "radical" idea for decades, but Hillary didn't care, she wanted to cast blame on other people instead of focusing on the fact.<br/>Its November now and with Donna Brazile's.the former interim chair of the Democratic National Committee, bombshell news. Now we really know what happened, which Clinton predictably omitted, because Donna said "I told Bernie I had found Hillary’s Joint Fundraising Agreement. I explained that the cancer was that she had exerted this control of the party long before she became its nominee."<br/><br/>The fact that Clinton never mentioned she was funding the DNC the whole time in "what happened" is pretty damning. It seems like important information but it would make her look bad, so I guess that makes sense.
 Brilliant and refreshing.
 It was good to hear Hillary’s voice again! We lost such an opportunity to have this woman as president. Thank you for writing this! It was painful at times but it was cathartic. I don’t see it as pointing a finger at everyone for her loss. I see it as a fact base dissection of what went wrong and what the campaign could’ve done better. Honest and compelling.
 Very happy with this book!! Sent another copy to my friend and Thank You for getting it to her right away!
 gift for my mom
 Love this Book! Definitely recommend it. Thank You for everything you have done &amp; continue to do Hillary! #Strongertogether #i'mstillwithher
 Excellent!
 Let me save you the trouble of buying the book, the answer to the question is, drum roll please, "She lost!".
 Great book! Very informative and real. Awesome job Secretary Hillary Clinton. I loved it! You answered a lot of my questions
 How can there only be a few thousand reports when each negative report has like 10k people who found it helpful? Better fix this amazon, people can see your sensorship showing.
 Loved it....wish she were our president!
 TLRD, 512 pages of her finding out every way that puts her self not at fault for losing.
 This book has made me cry and made me think. It is beautifully written and feels a bit like a conversation. It is helping me heal.
 As usual with Hillary Clinton, do not believe what you hear and read in the press about this book. It is not a book of blaming others and finger pointing. It is a sober, and in my opinion, truthful account of "what happened" in 2016. She recounts it exactly as I remember it, only with research and statistics to back up my own anecdotal feelings of what happened. Secretary Clinton takes on plenty of blame for what her campaign did wrong, or could have done better. She also discusses the outside events that were a factor in her losing. However, the vast majority of this book looks forward. What do we do now? How does the Democratic party, and more importantly, America move forward. As is typical of a self-proclaimed policy wonk, she offers plenty of policies for moving the country to a place of better opportunity and equal rights for all people. In that respect alone, it is an excellent book worthy of reading and re-reading.<br/><br/>For those of us who have admired her, and been inspired by her (and again, don't believe what you hear, there are millions of us), there are also many personal reflections, and much of her humor shines through.<br/><br/>For those of you who expect her to fall on her sword (something that has never been asked of any other losing Presidential candidate), she repeats often that she is haunted by the fact that people depended on her, and she let them down. And, yes, she talks about not being able to connect with certain voters, which I have never understood, because I have felt a connection with her since 1992.<br/><br/>Anyway, an excellent book.
 ... you lost because you belong in prison and lied.  Make America great again :)
 I enjoyed this book and found it to be quite informative on a personal level. Hillary was candid, but included facts based upon empirical data, which gave me a deeper understanding about how the election unfolded, and more so, how our democracy has been violated by a combination of factors. I'm pleased to be able to know more about Hilary, her campaign, and the factors that gave the presidency to the most unqualified person in the history of our great nation.
 I borrowed this book from someone who bought it on Amazon. It seems like a pity party from someone who needs to move on. A complete snoozer. Don't waste your money.
 I'm just halfway through the book and really like it.  I've not read any of her books before and love her style and frankness.  I highly recommed this book for her sense of humor and intelligence!
 Probably the best argument on why she should not be President...can this Please be the nail in the coffin of her political career?
 As another woman of a certain age for writing this book and reclaiming your place. For explaining what could have been, and will happen in the not too distant future. Well written, heartfelt and hopeful. Your indomitable spirit is such an excellent inspiration and soars above the bitterness that would have been so easy. After all we still have our sons, daughters, granddaughters grandsons to help be stronger together.
 I was going to buy the book but after reading 25 latest reviews, I’m going to pass. Sorry Hilary.
 This is not a blame book, but a deeply thought out, carefully constructed evaluation of what went wrong and why. She does not lay burdens of disappointments, should haves and could haves on the readers soul...but rather earnestly looks at where she could have improved, and what she wishes she had done (trumps stalking her on stage is a good example).<br/><br/>I don't think the book outlays the Russian involvement of her loss enough, nor does she place blame at Obama's unilateral choice to not publicly expose what he had discovered about how deeply entrenched Russia had infiltrated our elections PRIOR to the elections due to the thundering threats from McConnell screaming 'partisanship' from the rafters of the White House.<br/><br/>This is a grab a coffee, glass of wine, or in my case a stiff shot of whisky, some tissues and remember what quality could have been compared to  the horrible quality of what it is now.
 Wonderful and informative read, and I love Hillary Clinton!
 I haven't read the book in its entirety, but have read sections of it.  Am currently reading a book by Tom Brokaw (A Lucky Life Interrupted), which is an excellent read, and want to finish that before I read this.  From what I've read so far, it is a very good read.  I've never been a fan of hers, but this book gives us her thoughts and she may redeem herself from some of the negatives about her that have prevailed for years.  She was the best candidate we had in 2016.  If you see just one interview with her now, the intelligence, knowledge, and maturity that she has really makes our current President incredibly poor in comparison.  He doesn't act like a mature adult and only cares about himself and his image.  It's VERY sad and dangerous.  Hard to believe he won after we had a President who was truly presidential and gave us hope.  Pres. Obama's legacy will be clear in a few more years "after the dust settles".  Whether you like her bor not, it's important to listen to Hillary's voice (perspective), given her experience and knowledge.  What we don't learn from, we are destined to repeat.
 Good book.
 Well written but pilure fiction. There seems to be very little insight into the level of dysfunction that led to the loss. This is the third book I bought with each one it becomes more about her and and how people have let her down and she has not hit that Golden Ring. It takes a village was much better written about wanting to make people's lives better this one is. Unfortunately HRC seems unable to learn from her mistakes then this is because she does not accept that she has made any
 very good
 Reading the book was truly stunning. Clinton was an actual presidential candidate that whined all the way through the book. Clinton blamed everyone and everybody except herself. I would not recommend this awful book to anyone.
 A good read. Her story is worthwhile to understand.
 I think it was too early for her to come back with a book reflecting on this historic event. There were pages she seemed to get healed from the defeat. However, certain events in life require time. She should respect the effect which only time can bring to her. I read many negativecreviews on this book and agreed to the most. I started reading with admiration but couldn't go on after half the book. I am very sorry for her loss. I am also sorry for her deep wound revealed this way. (I read the book borrowed from the library after long wait.)
 Clinton writes well--she's very personable and it comes across in her writing. I felt like I was sitting down with her to discuss all this--it's a professional writing style, but a personal one at the same time. It was interesting to read what happened from the point of view of the person at the head of the campaign (as opposed to fact-free theories being circulated elsewhere) with data to back up her analysis. I had worried that it would be depressing, given how it all ended, but she does not tell the story in chronological order. She advances by themes with chapters on, for example, what it is like on a daily basis to be out on the campaign trail, and discussions of particular policies she was advocating as part of her platform. So you can read a whole section on, say, job programs in depressed areas of the country, without having to think about That Man at all for pages on end. I highly recommend it, especially if you think you might have to re-litigate the election at the Christmas dinner table. It puts a lot of facts and figures at your fingertips.
 This book belongs in the bargain bin.  She takes responsibility for nothing.  Ever.
 Like HRC, her book is crap
 Awesome and a must read!
 Fantastic book!!!
 Honest.  Detailed.  No where do I hear her blaming anyone else.  However those who did affect the votes were mentioned and the truth is the truth.  The FBI affected the votes.  The fraud that’s in the White House succeeded in his spin and lies.  As a conservative I’m ashamed of him, but happy I knew his fraudulent history and didn’t vote for him.  The sad part is he got a little under 1/2 of the country to believe his lies.  Shame on all of you for voting for him... the fraud.
 Honesty, integrity, and introspection begin with the first word on page one and carry the narrative though the very last page. No whining, no recriminations, just a forthright mea culpa and postmortem. Would that all politicians could be so open and honest. America is poorer for her not sitting behind the big desk in the Oval Office.
 Proof that she cannot accept the fact that she lost and that it was her own fault.
 Very well written
 I enjoyed reading Hillary Clinton’s account of what went wrong during her campaign. You may have heard that she blames other people, but that’s not the case. She takes full responsibility yet also explores some of the things that happened that were beyond her control, such as then-FBI director James Comey’s decision to announce a reopening of an investigation into her emails in October 2016, after early voting had already started. She puts into context her comments about shutting down coal mines. She shows that she actually did not ignore the white working class but acknowledges that she may not have been in touch with their anger. She puts some work into self-analysis, always hard to do after a failure, and admits that her reasoned, fact-based, workmanlike approach to solving society’s problems was simply no match for Trump’s hyperbolic bluster. She saw what was happening, but she could not become something she was not. And of course she expected to win.<br/>She ends with a call to her supporters not to give in to despair but to find a cause and commit to it, whether it’s voters’ rights, women’s issues, supporting good candidates with time and money, or even running for office. After such a devastating defeat, I admire her for stepping back, looking at all the forces that led to her loss and then vowing to keep up the fight.
 Well written and very informative.
 You lost...<br/><br/>extra words for this review that are required.<br/>one  two three four five six seven eight nine ten
 Written clearly and honestly, with a straightforward voice. Crucial perspectives to keep in mind for future elections and important for anyone considering public office, whether male or female.
 90% of this book is worthless and the rest is of not much value either. It was a bad buy.. As expected.
 The audio version of this book is amazing. To hear her in her own words, puts the campaign, current world affairs and the years of Bill and Hillary bashing in much needed perspective. No one claims perfection, but the patriotism, intelligence, work ethic, preparedness and yes, warmth comes through loud and clear.<br/><br/>We have missed a huge opportunity. Before listening to this book, I was not yet convinced. I am now.
 This book has restored my faith in American Democracy. The "Woman who would be President" is capable of seeing through and explaining why we, as a nation, are dealing with this difficult situation.<br/>Just another example of her brilliant mind and commitment to society.
 who needs to read this !  Send your money wisely on something worth reading,,,
 It was a gift for someone else. I cannot comment on the book.
 My wife and I both voted for HRC. I loved her book and learned a ton about how the Republicans used so many tricks to win. I admire her more now than ever. She shares a lot of history abut her life and Bill's. This book is an ideal gift for any young woman. It provides deep insights into human behavior. Her review of Trump and his activities = priceless.
 This book has surprassed my expectations.  It made me even that more heartbroken that we don't have this woman as our President.  Our loss...
 Excellent book with many timely insights about the mess we find ourselves in under the leadership of one who tells many, many lies.  It's good to hear the other side of the story.
 I listened to the Audible book - Clinton read it. The conclusion I reached is that she is a better person than politician. Her analysis of why she lost (at the end of the book) is definitely worth reading - she debunks several of the common post-mortem analyses with detailed counter-arguments. In retrospect, external factors played a large part in her narrow loss - Comey, Russian interference (trolls, fake news on Facebook, etc), miscogeny (Laurer, Rose interviews), voter suppression (especially in Wisconsin). Clinton makes a good case for that.<br/><br/>On the other hand, there is something grating about Clinton that caused many to turn against her. There is something insincere about her frequent claims that "I alone am responsible for my decision regarding a separate email account." I'd rather she said, "the whole email controversy, like the Benghazi "scandal" was pure politics. The MSM fell for it and undermined our democracy by focusing so much ink on it instead of our policies." She really was "too nice" at times - and Trump successfully played the Alpha Male to that.<br/><br/>I wish she had overcome those bad political instincts, all those external factors and become our President.
 Horrible
 A good read that cuts through the smoke and mirrors.  Realizing there is no question mark in the title helped me understand where she's coming from.
 Hillary is an intelligent, masterful writer and gives insight into both herself and the presidential campaign.  I am half way through and have even have more respect for this wonderful lady than before the read...if that is even possible!!!  If you are curious about Hillary Clinton's views on life and politics...this book is a must!!
 I'm in the middle of listening to it - Hoping to learn if we have similar suspicions.
 Waiting for the emeralds to take over. No one who has ever hit it doubts the thickness of the glass ceiling, but one day., I will break. Book is a good reminder if that.
 Warm and easy to read politics, great to have learned and read this side of the story, recommended to all thise young curious minds
 Enjoy prison, Hillary.
 Great read- and audiobook. I bought both- and would buy anything that Hillary writes. I'm still "with her!"
 I didn't think I could love this book more, until I listened to Hillary speaking her story. Very funny, truthful, and heartfelt account of her time before and through the election. Thank you, Secretary Clinton, for the inspiration to know we have a voice. And we can make a difference. Sometimes, that glass ceiling may get pushed higher and higher. But we WILL shatter that glass ceiling! Lots of love and chick pea brownies ♡
 Excellent book!
 Trump Happened.  Enough said.
 A very genuine and deep reflection on 2016 and more.  Bonus - solutions proposed and acted upon.  Hillary had/ has so much to offer our US, world, future leaders.  It is unfortunate that she along with all women are held to higher and contradictory standards than men by our society.  I like Hillary Clinton and treasure what she stands for more than ever.
 It gets one star because not only was it poorly written, but this memoir is simply an example of why HRC lost. She lost because she couldn't invert her thoughts outward. She is and was so immersed in this delusion of self-grandeur- most likely because she is used to being a part of the "Clinton Machine"- that she cannot and will not open her eyes to reality. She refused to acknowledge her own shortcomings in the book and instead shifts her blame on the DNC, Bernie Sanders, and a plethora of others. This novel wreaked of ego and ego lost her the election.
 I felt as though we were having a friend to friend talk. I wanted to put my 2 cents in.
 What's to be said that hasn't been said? I just really valued getting to read the thoughts of the only woman in history who has had the experience of running for US president. Regardless of your opinions on the election or of democrats, this book gives a good inside view of the campaign.
 Love her and her book
 Very enjoyable read.
 Not only does it provide insight into issues surrounding our political processes, it also offers strategies and reasons for remaining hopeful.
 I couldn't find too much about HRC's crimes in this book, which is unfortunate because I want to know What Happened.
 Other books have been written about this campaign, but this one has the unique perspective of the candidate herself.  Hearing the audio version was like spending a weekend with a fascinating, brilliant, multi-faceted friend.  She analyzes the internal and external forces that brought about the shocking election result last November and does not spare herself.  It’s a deeply personal story, very well told.
 A sad, very poorly written book.<br/><br/>I strongly recommend that Amazon leave this review in place.
 I cried and laughed while reading this book in public from the first chapter alone. It's a bittersweet look into what could've been and the best book Sec. Clinton has ever written.
 Who gives a damn?
 Clearly written by a clearly brilliant woman. Painful to read knowing what we have lost.
 The whole book can be summarized with one word: LIES.
 what happened is you lost and can't accept defeat
 Why should I read the book, the question and the answer are both on the cover!
 Illuminating to read a summary of Russian interference of the 2016 election. Thoughtful and intimate, it’s like having a meaningful conversation with her. Her intelligent commentary and candor really make this a great book.
 Needs a more appropriate like "false Pretense" This book covers alot about Hillary, but not alot about the election. What it DOES cover is alot of excuses.
 Very enlightening. Interesting seeing what goes on behind the scenes.  I liked reading Secretary Clinton's views on the campaign and the outcome.
 Amazon, STOP DELETING CUSTOMER'S REVIEWS! Over and over again, people are leaving verified purchase reviews and amazon is deleting the negative ones, leaving the positive ones. Could you be any more obvious that you are part of the elite and part of the problem? Stop being evil!
 Quite Interesting; many facts no one knew about this entire sordid election.
 I couldn’t put this book down upon receiving it. It’s well written and the content is something all Americans truly need to read, regardless of the 2016 election outcome. Hillary is candid about her experiences in politics over the past several years and her intelligence and thoughtful delivery of her message throughout this book is honest, candid and what all Americans truly need to read firsthand. There is no doubt that what she says is valid and important if we all want to move America in a better direction than we’re in now. Hillary’s life devotion to public service and helping women, families &amp; children is heartfelt throughout. Her knowledge about how our political system, government and the world in general functions is most evident throughout the book. It’s full of history, quotes from her most favorite writers, and her own triumphs and struggles that made her the person she is today. Buy this book and read it. Like her or not, there is no doubt Hillary would’ve been an amazing President. Not only is she experienced, qualified and highly intelligent but she never gives up. She’s a fighter and she truly wants what’s best for all Americans and the world. Much respect and gratitude to the first woman nominated by a political party in a Presidential campaign.
 This book reveals the surreal issues that plagued the  2016 Electoral process in America. Additionally the book offers an in-depth portrait of one of the world’s most brilliant women.
 While pulling no punches about What Happened, Hillary gives us hope and shows us how to go forward.<br/><br/>Resist. Insist. Persist. Enlist.
 Lies.  But what did you expect?
 I rarely give 1 star reviews but this time am just checking if amazon will delete this one.
 It was well written,very informative and a tribute to Hilliary
 A wonderful reflection of a great lady.  We are all so very proud of her.
 Great Book
 If I could give this Fairy Tale a minus 100, I would.  The entire book goes to show just how delusional this poor excuse for a human being is.  What actually Happened is that she lost because she was the worst candidate in the history of the world.  Don't waste your money on this piece of garbage.  It is horrible and lacks any kind of substance.  I read it out of pure curiosity to see if all of the negative reviews were true.  I found out they were actually being nice - if that says anything. If you have time, money and a brain to waste, get the book.  If you have anything - ANYTHING - else to do with you life - pass up on this one.
 It should be called the Blame game!
 this is bad
 What happened is what should have happened. This corrupt criminal lost. Thank God for Donald Trump!
 Actually having read the entire book, I feel that this was a very personal and extremely insightful perspective on this crucial election.  I was struck by the narrow coverage of its contents and the concentration on trivial information, especially highlighted in television news media.  Perhaps in the sprint to be first, many outlets only evaluated the first half of the book; or so it seems. The chapter entitled "Frustration", and especially the subchapter entitled "Trolls, Bots, Fake News, and Real Russians were particularly enlightening and distressing simultaneously. "What Happened" by Hillary Rodham Clinton was a very thoughtful, intelligent and discerning presentation, which needs to be read in its entirety to comprehend what has happened in our society and our country.<br/>  C.L.M.
 I am so glad she wrote this book explaining in detail the horrible trials and injustices she suffered during her run for the first female president of the United States. I cried 3 times in the first 3 chapters. I just wish I could tell her how sorry I am she didn’t win, sorry that America let her and ourselves down by allowing a thug to become (Not my president)! Onward together Hillary and never give up! Read this book, most of us could not have endured what she went through. Hopefully bright caring young woman out there will pick up the torch she has been carrying all these years and continue the work to empower woman and this country back to working together for the good of the people! We love you Hillary!
 This book made me want to cry.  Just thinking of what could have been.  The book itself is well written and perfectly understandable.  This wonderful woman could have been our president had it not been for the Russian hacking and the slime-job that was done to her.  Our Country is suffering greatly and Russia is celebrating.  They have torn it apart.  Hillary Clinton did nothing wrong other than being the one willing to sacrifice and step forward to try and compete with a third-rate huckster.  Our entire country should be mourning this great loss.
 Great book.  She is the real President!
 Such a great read. Difficult to digest given that she should have won, but for the treason committed by her opponent- also one of the best written descriptions of misogyny and feminism I’ve ever read.
 You Lost
 Wouldn't trade this book for the world.
 Hey...I was in shock.  I wanted to know.  As usual, she (Hillary Clinton) gave it to me straight.  Very, very good book.  It will somewhat relax your, "what the ... just happened?" moment.
 Please read this book, especially if you don't think you'll like it. Or her. Or don't want to. You'll change your mind, mine was. I thought it would just be a blame game, avoiding all responsibility. I thought it would be a cold, stiff and awkward read like Hillary was portrayed throughout the campaign. I was very wrong.<br/><br/>My friend recommended this to me after a long talk about the rise and fall of unjustly maligned women in powerful positions. She told me she had cried during the first two chapters, and I thought she was being hyperbolic. I told her I had been avoiding it, as I wanted so badly to avoid the  anger and vitriol and blame - gaming everywhere. She insisted and I relented, not expecting much. I assumed it would make me angry and upset - force me to relive the whole election all over again, confront the current state of the nation. What I found instead was a cathartic, healing read.<br/><br/>I dare anyone who reads the first chapters of this book to call Hillary "unlikeable". She writes with a voice that reaches not just those who supported her, but to all her readers first and foremost as people. This book reads as if you were personally at her dinner table speaking together. I wish that this Hillary is what the media had shown us during the campaign - her voice in this book is kind, measured and most of all human and relatable in these troubled times.<br/><br/>This book was an honest and cathartic read. I felt again all my conflicting emotions during the election - fear, anger, hope, love, determination - and during the first few chapters, I too, cried. At nearly 500 pages this isn't a book reduced to soundbites or the quick quips today's news is so fond of- but it will pull you in so deeply that 30 pages feel like 3. I cannot reccommend it enough however, especially if you need cheering. As odd as it seems, this book is "chicken soup for the political soul". I love the respect with which she treats her opponents, friends, former rivals and former colleagues in the senate and White House. It's a breath of fresh air in today's climate. In that way, her book is quietly patriotic in the truest sense. Her belief in the value of our democracy and the beauty of our nation is encouraging.
 Basically a claim that “it’s not my fault I lost” and a lot of faulty logic and projection and deflection of personal responsibility flows from that delusion.
 I enjoyed the book. I cried a lot because of who is in the White House now. My poor country🇺🇸💔 The book is fast reading and Hillary opened her heart.
 This is a thoughtful look back at the campaign and the forces that were allied against HRC.
 Thank you Madame Secretary.I have read many books on The Clintons or about The Clintons . I thought for sure I understood The Clintons - not so.  We have been cheated from having the most qualified, experience, decent President for our country. I remain hopeful that with persistence the best is yet to come.
 No stars....lies lies lies! The actual rating is 0 stars!
 Throughly enjoyed
 I got this book from the Public Library to read.  I did not want to buy it and I'm glad it did not.  The first part was minimally interesting as was the last part.  However, I skipped most of the middle part because it was very boring.  She was just bragging about how wonderful she is and complaining that she should have won the election.  She also complains about Comey, Sanders and the Russians and blames all of them for her loss.  She really doesn't take much responsibility at all for her loss.<br/><br/>Not a good or very interesting read.  Glad I didn't spend the money to buy this book!
 This was so worth the wait. I love this book.<br/><br/>I’m just sorry that Amazon continues buying ad space from racist site Brietbart.
 I actually went into this with an open mind to see things from Hillary's perspective but came out of it sorely disappointed because all she does is blame blame blame. No what I believe is that she was the most corrupt woman in America.
 So enjoying this book!
 No. Stop lying.
 Watching grass die is more entertaining than reading a book soley on complaining on why people didn't vote for her.
 My mother read it in two days !!!!
 The day after the election was by 68th birthday and one of the saddest days I've had in a long time. I loved this book and couldn't stop the tears when reading the last few pages. Not electing Hillary was one of the biggest mistakes this country has made in our history.
 don't bother with this garbage. buy Dangerous instead it's much better. but maybe not as funny.
 Had Donald Trump lost the election in 2016, it is likely he (or a legion of ghostly hands) would have eventually produced a memoir reflecting on his time campaigning. With Hillary Clinton’s defeat, given her family’s predilection for publishing, it was a certainty. We now have that volume with What Happened. To the best of my knowledge, no former candidate has published within a year of the presidential election and this, plus the content of the volume, hint that Hillary Clinton is not yet done in the political arena.<br/><br/>While the book’s title views itself as a declarative statement, this chronicle of Clinton’s stunning defeat might be better served with a question mark. Although Clinton declaims any intent of providing a thorough account of the 2016 campaign, this is her purpose, at least in so far as explaining why she lost. One could go no further than the table of contents to ascertain the grounds she blames for her defeat: emails from her time as Secretary of State, the Russians, the media’s failure to criticize her opponents, sexism, Internet trolls, and the refusal of Bernie Sanders and others to crown her as the nominee from the get-go. At a certain point, though, you have to ask, “Maybe it’s me?” Clinton never seems to do so. While she occasionally grudgingly remarks that campaigns rise or fall based on the strengths of the candidate, she qualifies it with the remark there were outside forces constantly working against her. Most people would generally refer to this as the reality of political life and something to expect when you sign up. The rest of the memoir is composed of nothing new. It is a recasting of news pieces in first person form, with no hint of an interior monologue.<br/><br/>I knew I was in for a painful time when the first chapter opens with a quote: “That which does not kill us makes us stronger.” Rather than ascribe it simply to Nietzsche, Kelly Clarkson also gets credit. Still, it is interesting as she describes her feelings on Inauguration Day as her former rival takes the oath of office. Rather than have the temper tantrum displayed by many members of Congress and boycott the event, she did the admirable thing and appeared in a show of good faith for our republican form of government. The second chapter describes the days after the election, when she first isolated herself from the deluge of texts and emails from well-wishers. Eventually, however, she threw herself back into the fray, writing letters of thanks to supporters, attending galas, and spending time with her family. The consolations of literature aided her, including some namedropped classics, but one religious message by her pastor, Bill Shillady, has since been revealed as plagiarized and the book she alludes to withdrawn from publication.<br/><br/>It is in the third chapter that the book begins to be told chronologically. When she explains her desire to run, Ms. Clinton states simply her belief in her own capacity to do the job. Although it was a given in 2012 she would run, she claims she did not make up her mind until the end of 2014. Despite the view her nomination was a fait accompli, she knew there would be challenges. Any individual of the same party seeking to succeed a two-term president faces a steep challenge, and former President Obama is certainly a figure who elicits strong emotions. She also was unique in being the first spouse of a former president to run and, yes, there were some unfair concerns over her gender. Occasionally, I heard in private conversations sharp critiques of her clothing, hair, or general physical appearance, and I almost felt sorry for her because everyone knows what it feels like to be criticized about some sensitive facet of themselves.<br/><br/>The biggest charge leveled against her in the primary, however, came from Bernie Sanders and that was his complaint she was too enamored of Wall Street. It isn’t surprising that she hates Donald Trump, but her personal distaste for Mr. Sanders is pungent. After maneuvering to limit a challenge from Elizabeth Warren, she describes her frustration combating a man who seemed to do nothing but promise bigger (and more expensive) versions of everything she proposed. The other men who ran against her go unmentioned. One position the senator from Vermont pushed her towards was a negative income tax. It is an idea that has been floated by figures across the political spectrum for decades and would involve taxing shared national resources to provide a cash dividend to every citizen, much like what is done in Alaska with state oil and gas reserves. Ms. Clinton is probably the most prominent current figure to endorse it.<br/><br/>After winning the primary, she discusses the challenges of campaigning against Donald Trump, whom she accuses of constantly making things up. West Virginia receives a surprising amount of attention as she discusses her lack of support among the white working class of Appalachia. This was a sharp reverse from her overwhelming win against Barack Obama in 2008. One line that made me smile was her recollection of my hometown in her prior campaign: “My favorite memory was celebrating Mother's Day with my mom and daughter in the small town of Grafton, West Virginia, where the holiday was invented a hundred years prior. It was one of the last Mother's Days I ever had with my mom, and it was a great one." This chapter is immediately followed by her most painful one: the scandal surrounding her private email server and the allegations of Russian meddling in the election. She acknowledges the former was extremely harmful to her campaign, but I think it remains to be seen the exact scope of influence by the latter.<br/><br/>Her discussion of Election Day is the most interesting chapter in the book. Even when someone expects to win, there is uncertainty until the results return. This is partially because the candidate is in a bubble, uncertain if the information received is accurate. Ms. Clinton, however, clearly expected to win. As Pennsylvania and the Rust Belt states slipped away, she noted, “I hadn’t mentally prepared for this at all.” The next morning, she gave her concession speech. The next few dozen pages pass quickly and at the end of the book she asks herself what she should do as a former candidate. Her answer is succinct: “Keep going.”<br/><br/>Clinton claimed in her introduction to be letting her guard down, but this is debatable. With the possible exception of Winston Churchill, almost no political memoir since the 1940s is worth reading because national politicians are trained after decades of interacting with the public to carefully measure every word. It is even worse when assistants pore over each page for a controversial stance. As a result, this book’s prose is flat, in ten different tones of voice, peppered with quoted platitudes, and holding little that excites the mind. To be entirely honest, it is a pretty mediocre book that emits obfuscating clouds of self-pity and blame shifting.<br/><br/>I think I’ll close this review with a story. When Walter Mondale met George McGovern a few months after the 1984 presidential election, they ruminated on being the two men to lose by the largest electoral margin in American history. Mondale asked McGovern how he got over his defeat twelve years prior and McGovern replied, “I will let you know when I find out.” No matter if Donald Trump were impeached or resigned from office, there is no salve that heals the wound of political defeat but a triumphant return. Hillary Clinton has lost at the national level too many times for that to be a realistic prospect. This book serves as a final parting shot and a half-hearted attempt to shape the historical narrative. That is really what happened.
 It was a requested birthday gift so I haven't had time to read it myself , but the receiver did I am sure.  And since she requested it, and since it is about Hillary, I assume it was great!!
 We missed out on having one of the truly great presidents<br/>Her writing reviews her honorability, intelligence and great heart. After reading her very careful and thorough account of what happened it makes it clear how hard we all have to work to never let something like this happen again.<br/>Actually she’s still the right stuff.
 this book is a pack of lies and a further example of disregard for what is best for OUR nation.  Tring to pass herself off as a frightened confused victim makes me laugh.  she does not seem to know what honesty,  concern for the health of our nation, and the needs of the American families.  Thank goodness the CITIZENS of this country were wise enough to avoid the trap she and her crooked followers had planned for America.  She and her cronies have willfully, yet again tried pass herself as caring and generous.  No lying account of Poor Crooked Hillary and her legions of also crooked and self impotant "friends" will be able to destroy the good that is happening for our people.  How any person who loves this country and our constitution could believe any of her "poor Hillary" dissertations  boggles my mind.  Burn the book unless you want to be lied to even more!!!!!
 A must read!
 I'm disappointed with Amazon. I'm a top reviewer, and I am dismayed to hear that Amazon is deleting reviews that they judge non-authentic.  This book is written by Hillary about her historic loss! It doesn't matter its rating, people will buy it, duh! If there are trolls out there, the huge amount of negative ratings will simply drive up the name of the book and hence its sales! All publicity is good publicity when it comes to books! Deleting negative ratings will make people distrust all the positive ratings! Hillary Clinton is getting paid millions for her books no matter how awful they are because people like to buy them. Amazon needs to stop policing this. It doesn't help the book, it just hurts amazon's cred.
 Great book!  Love the way she writes... book flows very well with the stories of this American tragedy. I think she puts her heart out for everyone to see. Must read!
 This chick lacks self awareness and is completely delusional.  We're truly avoided the biggest mistake this country's made since... electing Obummer!
 I read Donna Brazilles book, which I thoroughly enjoyed and end d up liking her more. This book reads like a fairy tale. Don't waste your time.
 So good, my brother stole it before I could read it.  Her personality should not be the reason she lost.
 Too much about her life, not the election.
 Great book.
 Loved the book!
 The black words(or "words of color") are so meticulously arranged in perfectly parallel lines on the front and back of each of the white pages, which is a beautifully constructed visual metaphor for how Mrs. BILL places people of color before and after the white patriarchy.
 Loved it. Love Hillary.
 Wonderful!
 Hillary Rodham Clinton's book 'what Happened ' is a great read.  It's a wonderful first person perspective of Hillary's 2016 campaign for President.
 What Should Have Happened In Hillary Clinton’s Useless Book<br/><br/>Today, I listened to Hillary's book "What Happened" on my Amazon Echo. Well, I listened until I couldn't take any more and wandered off to clean out my closet, a much more interesting activity.  Since her book started out Trump-bashing and continued with her blame-game, I figured "Hey, I got it already." Listening to the book on my Audible Books was bad enough, but having to listen to Hillary read it herself, droning on and on in a dull voice, was torture.<br/><br/>I'm on Mike Huckabee's e-mail list and here's what he had to say, "I hate to give HuffPo clicks, and I certainly don’t agree with this author’s opinion of Trump or his political bent in general. But this review of Hillary Clinton’s new book by Sam Kriss is undeniably one of the best-written, most insightful and flat-out entertaining book reviews of the year. If Hillary could write like this, she might actually be worth the obscene advances publishers give her." Huffington Post is definitely not a publication that interests me, but I must say that Sam Kriss' review is every bit as good as Mike says it is.
 Good analysis of the election based on information she had and did supply to all of us prior to Nov 8th.
 Donald Trump happened.
 Reading the press coverage of this book, it would be easy to assume that this was HRC's chance to blame everyone but herself for the 2016 election.  I found an authentic and honest HRC who readily took responsibility but rightly points to some unprecedented disruptions to the election.  More HRC like this on the campaign trail might have led to a different election result...
 What Happened?......YOU LOST!
 What Happened ??<br/><br/>I Lost  !!
 I bought the book for bathroom reading for my guests at our cabin.  At the end of the weekend I noticed that several pages were missing.  Turns out house guests misstook the book for toilet paper.
 Poorly written, full of self serving reasons and the blame game on why she lost.
 Interesting book from Hillary Clinton’s point of view.  Easy to read and interesting.
 Amazon deleting reviews... sad
 I bought the book... we are so very lucky she didn't win... she is being very bitter and feeling impossible in letting go of the spotlight. She offers every reason under the sun for why she didn't win... but she refuses to have an honest look inward to herself. Mainly she claims it was that she was a woman, but maybe, just maybe it is because it was her. Maybe people didn't like her as a candidate. She had no message, only... "Trump is horrible, don't vote for him". And what is "I'm with her" all about? What message is that? I am currently on page 122 right now and she has only mentioned Benghazi once (on page 10)... and she hasn't even mentioned how Donna Brazil received debate questions from CNN or how Debbie Wasserman-schultz worked to sabotage Bernie or how Anthony Weiner had access to Hillary Clinton emails from Huma Abedin's home computer. So... it's not really an accurate "what happened" retelling.I also wanted to add the I have read further on into the book... I am on page 150 now... and she is talking about when she was in her twenties and working at the law firm in Arkansas... and she was also working on Jimmy Carter's Presidential campaign and she was at a dinner with some senior staffers  (it was a working dinner) and she explained that the men were totally ignoring her (because she was a woman) and she got forceful  (she wanted to be heard) and pressed an issue forcefully.. and one of the senior staffers reached over the table  (she was in her late 20's or early 30's by this time) and grabbed her by turtleneck and pulled her in and said, "will you shut up" and I agree that this should not have happened to her.... and she said... "get off me" got up from the table and left shaking... on this I agree... no one should be treated like this... and I can tell you from this book... she gives alot of stories like this and reads many letters sent to her by women... who have been treated like this at their job (and worse). At the end of the day, because she did not win the Presidency... she knows that she will have to settle for hopefully being remembered as a trailblazer.... where little girls watching the presidential race in 2016... will say... I will enter politics... I will be the first woman president of the United States... and hillary sees herself as breaking through that wall first... my issue with this is (even though she may be correct in that this may motivate little girls to pursue politics) Hillary Clinton continues to ignore her own reluctant introspective within herself as to why she lost... the book shouldn't be called "what  happened" it should be called "it's Trump's fault for everything"
 I cried through the first 40 pages, but it was an interesting and cogent account of what happened.
 Superb read!  Honest, intelligent story.  Painful that she is not our president.
 Emotionally candid. Secretary Clinton answered all the questions I would have liked to have asked her over a cocktail: how did you feel during those debates, how are you so resilient and not angry at the American voters who let YOU down, how do you handle stress and the personal attacks?  How did you feel on Nov.9th and how could you go to Trump’s inauguration without throwing up?  HRC answers all of it honestly and from the heart.  I enjoyed reading her take. My heart is still shattered, but we will fight on together. Thank you, Hillary, for getting in the ring and taking the punches for all of us.  Now it’s our turn. 🌷
 Very well written book. I’m glad it’s all in writing for future generations to learn from.
 Loved it.  Thank you for your service over the past 4 decades.  And thank you for remaining a class act in these dark times.
 Terrible book of lies.
 Thoughtful. Honest. Insightful look behind the scenes of our "true" president! So wish this woman's 3 million plus votes in the popular vote could have changed the outcome. Many of us struggle, but knowing how she's risen to the occasion and moves on doing what she does best inspires. Definitely will be buying the audio - now that I've read the hard copy! Just want to "hear Hillary tell it" like it is!
 It was so refreshing reading words from a top politician that didn't sound crazy or stupid.<br/><br/>On the other hand, this book is about a sad chapter in our history; how a vulgar con man, with the help of a foreign country, won the presidential election.  It's just too sad 😢...
 I’m still with Her !
 What happened? Don't forget the question mark, as Ms Clinton shows herself to be oblivious to the fact that many voters didn't vote for Donald Trump but against herself and her record as Secretary of State and against the Obama economic malaise, social legislation and misguided foreign policy. Her long rambling stream of consciousness campaign tirade evades responsibility similar to what she did as Secretary of State. She doesn't apologize for the damage caused by  promoting Arab Spring as a democratic movement or for her sophomoric lecturing of Arabs, Germans and Chinese on democracy and economics.<br/>In the third debate, Donald Trump expounded “Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!” to which Hillary responded that the economy was good with unemployment low. Unemployed voters in Detroit and Pittsburgh told her that she was wrong, to which she apparently remains oblivious.<br/>The book relives her eight year long campaign, nearly as much against Bernie Sanders as against Trump as well as reserving jibes for Biden, Putin and a few journalists. She still thinks herself done in by Russian hackers. I wonder how much of any dirt revealed, if any, came from her emails.<br/>The book is more interesting for what is missing than for what is included. That includes receiving stock market favoritism as a governor's wife and her record as an interfering first lady. She evades responsibility for the email snafu and Benghazi. While touting Trump malfeasance, she never mentions DNC chairman Donna Brazile leaking questions from one of the debates. I suspect that Ms. Brazile and other supporters must be very disappointed at the lack of credit given in this book. Of course Dianne Feinstein and Elizabeth Warren are barely mentioned for fear of Hillary's readership realizing that they would have been much better candidates. The simple gossipy folksy style of the book is probably more appealing to her constituency than serious political analysis.<br/>She starts her recovery story with a sour grapes reluctance to attend the inaugural, calling Trump a clear and present danger. Reflective of the books lack of originality is a sophomoric history of candidates who won popular vote and lost in the electoral college.<br/>There is ludicrous complaining of Trump's populism by this most populist of all candidates. I doubt that Hillary has a single position that isn't well vetted by polling to appeal to a majority voters.<br/>In contrast to her own cheerleader persona during the campaign she opines that Trump's realism pictures a bitter and broken country. That's followed by a complaint that no one has been held accountable for the 2008 crash. The prime cause was the billions spewed to banks by President Bill Clinton in the name of the great American dream of home ownership.<br/>Questioning logic and reason, she says Trump falsely accused the DNC of tapping his phone. That one now looks like an out and out lie, one more “lock her up” episode. Of course she will again evade responsibility.<br/>She's worried for our country under Trump. I worry that's it's only a four year respite before a voracious Pac-Man government begins expanding its power again. She says that Trump abandoned his poplar promises. Let's count the list of Obama lies in the 2008 campaign starting with “shovel ready” infrastructure programs. Again she opines that Trump is manifestly unqualified to be president. This from our least qualified senator and Secy of State.<br/>Her take on racial attitudes constitutes another masterpiece of double talk as she alternately convicts and absolves half of Trump's supporters of racial bias. She says science is not a political conspiracy; no, but it has been heavily politicized in support of progressive causes like global warming.<br/>Still campaigning against Bernie Sanders, she greatly resents that Bernie was slower in conceding than Clinton in 2008. She says he isn't a Democrat. Later she's more realistic , albeit contradicting herself, saying that the democratic party has moved to the left. It's likely that Sanders would have controlled legislation under a Clinton administration. She says that Dems need to sharpen their economic pitch. Indeed they need to adopt the GOP wasteful spending reduction program.<br/>Mistaking the ACA insurance mandate for health reform, she claims credit for health reform on behalf of the Obama administration. In a rare spate of honesty she admits lower real wages under Obama. She is under the delusion that the white vote against her was due to racists voting against their own interests<br/>In a bit of hubris she states that she would have made a damn good president, reaching out to all Americans. Our best presidents have exhibited more self doubt and awe of the job. She wanted Bill to run in order to fill America's spiritual vacuum reminiscent of our heretofore worst ever president, Jimmy Carter. She justifies supporting the Bush invasion of Iraq by the fact that she was not alone.<br/>The chapters on women's rights and political roles are more appropriate here than when she thought it was her job a Secretary of State.<br/>There is surprising consideration of a national version of an Alaska Permanent Fund. Of course she concludes that socialist spending is more important. It's only rich countries like Norway and Abu-Dabi that can afford the sensibility of a sovereign wealth fund. It takes last place on a Democratic agenda.<br/>Acknowledging email mistakes with a long boring justification, she cites Comey's letter as pivotal in her defeat. She's lucky that the Comey report opined that dumb is not criminal as the email controversy also diverted attention from her record as least effective ever Secy of State.<br/>She also blames Russian interference where the slow unfolding of evidence is reminiscent of the WMD issue in Iraq.<br/>Supposedly covered in her other books, this one is very sparse on Clinton's record as Senator and Secy of State. With some self analysis and some self delusion the book reflects Sanders' opinion that Trump was the worst candidate in history. No Hillary, he was only the second worst. It's startling to think that this book will likely justify Madame Clinton in the eyes of her constituency. If this review reads like a disorganized repetitive diatribe, it's reflective of the book.
 This book will make you cry, make you laugh and really give additional insight into what happen and what Hillary was thinking. I can't say enough good things about this book.
 Every woman should "listen" to the tapes WITH their daughter/children.
 I read this book because I wanted to learn more about this woman who nearly became president.  I had hoped that the candid presentation of the book would give a deeper look into the mind of this former candidate, who has been the center of so much controversy, and I was definitely not disappointed.  Here is one example of the kind of candidness that you would never hear on TV:<br/><br/>"One unusual aspect of living in the Arkansas governor’s mansion was getting to know prison inmates who were assigned to work in the house and the yard. When we moved in, I was told that using prison labor at the governor’s mansion was a longstanding tradition, which kept down costs, and I was assured that the inmates were carefully screened. I was also told that onetime murderers were by far the preferred security risks. The crimes of the convicted murderers who worked at the governor’s mansion usually involved a disagreement with someone they knew, often another young man in their neighborhood, or they had been with companions who had killed someone in the course of committing another crime.<br/><br/>  I had defended several clients in criminal cases, but visiting them in jail or sitting next to them in court was not the same as encountering a convicted murderer in the kitchen every morning. I was apprehensive, but I agreed to abide by the tradition until I had a chance to see for myself how the inmates behaved around me and my family.<br/><br/>  I discovered, as I had been told I would, that we had far fewer disciplinary problems with inmates who were in for murder than those who had committed property crimes. In fact, over the years we lived there we became friendly with a few of them, African-American men in their thirties who had already served twelve to eighteen years of their sentences."<br/><br/>I definitely was not aware that the Clintons used prison labor.  Think about this for a moment.  "African-American men in their thirties who had already served twelve to eighteen years of their sentences."  That is, people who were incarcerated 25 to life for a single crime committed when they were teens, but who had already served more than half their sentence, and therefore had everything to lose by stepping out of line.  No presidential candidate would admit to such a thing.  That is why I think this book is such a valuable resource.  It allows you to get a real sense of who Hillary Clinton is as a person, and not just through the filter of the camera and the media.  She tells how she perceived the events herself, and so we get not only the historical account, but an honest look into the mind and character of the president.<br/><br/>In summary, I very highly recommend this book to anyone interested in getting to know the real Hillary Clinton, as it is full of enlightening quotes very different from the carefully-choreographed presentations you see on the news.  This book is a must for serious political researchers.
 Love it! She is so relatable in everything she writes! Worth the read!
 Excellent read
 BORING!<br/> It was painful to get through this.
 Nobody cares. Go away already.
 Loved seeing her personal views on election: Russian influence and effect of Comey's letter. Interesting insights.
 At no other time in recent history have we had the chance to go behind the scenes of a Presidential Election. Authentic and still fighting for what she believes to be the best direction for our Country going forward. Where she gains her strength from in the face of adversity and other insights in this book highlights where she gets her ability to keep going in the face of many setbacks. Truly commendable.
 After reading this book, I'm more convinced than ever that Hillary Clinton would have been one of the finest Presidents our country has ever seen had she been elected!  Brilliantly insightful!
 This is my second 2 star review...only because I thought Amazon only removed one star reviews. Makes me want to cancel my amazon prime in the future! Hillary should be baking cookies with her granddaughter and enjoying this stage of her life. Grab a slice of cheese to go with her "whine" 🍷 as you read this book!
 I couldn't agree more with Hillary. She is warm, smart, funny and honest and my favorite Democrat. Her run for the W.H. was overcome with Russian fake news, sexism, and the crooked FBI. I hope she runs again. She is me and my daughter's inspiration. We've listened to her tapes twice. We're loaning it to good friends and family. We love you Hillary! Hope you run again in 2020.
 Authentic..Real.. Hillary Understands Truth.. more than most, and is Uniquely Qualified to Lead..<br/>The audio book is a great companion to this.. not to be missed!<br/>Until We the People See Truth as rationally as Hillary does this is not finished..
 I have really enjoyed this book and recommend it to everyone. HILLARY SHOULD HAVE WON.
 If we had successfully elected Hillary Clinton, we would now be well on our way to a future of positivity and acceptance,  instead of the despair and corrosive trepidation that lurks within now.<br/><br/>I was impressed with the amount of strong research and facts presented to support all of the assertions presented.  No alternative facts here.
 I am struggling to find the words to adequately review this book because it felt unlike so many other books I have read. I found parts of the book fantastic, but at other times it seemed repetitive and off topic. Overall, this book felt like sitting with a close friend and talking about the election and everything that went on. I didn't find this book as politically divisive as all of the cable news shows, I found this to be a person reflection, almost like reading her journal or diary of the past two years. There was some defensiveness, and although she was careful in her phrasing, there are still clearly some hard feelings about some individuals, but overall I found this book very interesting and it added a new layer of knowledge about the events of the Presidential election from Hilary's unique point of view.
 Apparently not Trump collusion with Russia.
 I reccommend that you simply read the sample. That is all I read and I am not interested. The writing style feels like a list of things that happened, which speaks to a unguided writing style. Even the sample was very hard to read as it leaps from event to event and goes back anf orth through time in a way that is very jarring. I was curious about this since I read about the reviews being deleted and the bipolar views. However, I am more interested in the actual content and the sample revealed what the more negative reviews had to say. So if you want some insight to her life I doubt it will reveal much but thats your choice. I would also add that, while the style is jarring and felt like copy and paste, the tone is very negative and depressing not because of her losing but because she dwells on her losing instead of being resilient.
 I was surprised about how much she shared.  I also liked the fact that she narrated her own book.  Yes I agree what happened still scratching my head
 good book my daughter is enjoying it
 Very good! Wonderfully written.
 Good read ....interesting
 I dove into this book hoping to feel empathy for HRC but I wasn’t able to. No matter how hard I’ve tried, I’m one of those people who will probably never like her as she stated in her book.<br/><br/>My dislike for Hillary began when Bill was running for office the first time and in an interview she bluntly said, “if you don’t like my husband, then don’t vote for him!” My first thought was omg what a b*tch! I did vote for her husband. Twice. Bill Clinton was a likable candidate. He’s a people person. I’m not usually one to pass judgment on President’s wives (as she’s the first and only that I’ve disliked) because I truly believe women should support each other.<br/><br/>This book did nothing but confirm what I’ve thought all along, HRC is a snob. I don’t believe she’s for women, minorities or the poor. Her only concern was for power and making history.<br/><br/>I understand her dislike for Trump but to say she previously went to his wedding because it would be “fun” but “gaudy” appalled me. She reminds me of the kind of woman who would smile in your face and make fun of you behind your back (or write it in a book).<br/><br/>Mad at people who didn’t vote for her? Blaming everyone but herself? Even what she thinks but doesn’t say is often clearly hateful. As I read, I thought, “my God what a hypocrite! Did she actually have the nerve to talk about another man being a sexist? Can the Clinton’s do no wrong?”<br/><br/>I would love to see a strong, kind and intelligent woman in the White House one day. Even a woman of color. I am truly grateful it wasn’t HRC. I believe so many wanted a woman so badly to make history that they’d vote for just about any woman to see that happen (as well as many people that hate Hillary so much that they’d rather see Trump in office). How did America get to the point of only having two self-serving despicable people running against each other? You would have to be blinded by political party lines to not see this or to think one is a better choice than the other.<br/><br/>As far as the book goes, it’s well written. HRC is an intelligent woman; I have to give her that much credit. However, her ego got the best of her believing that she had the election in her back pocket and that was her mistake. She underestimated her opponent. She considered him a joke right up until she lost. She dropped the ball; plain and simple. American people are determined. When they want somebody, neither Russia nor Comey would have made a difference. They BOTH played a dirty game. Except he won the trust of middle class Americans that she neglected to pay any attention to. That’s what lost her the election.<br/><br/>Instead of finger pointing and blaming everyone BUT herself, she should be reflecting on what it is about her that many Americans do not like. Why someone like Donald Trump won. But I guess it’s easier to blame the Russians than to face reality.<br/><br/>Although I’m one of “those people” who doesn’t like her, I’m unbiasedly rating this book at four stars as it’s well written and a good read, whether I like her or not.
 Honest, informative account of the election. It also gives one hope.
 Just a tad self-serving, but mostly a very thought provoking read......especially given what continues to unfold daily about the Russian connection and the total idiot that won. I am now convinced that the Electoral College has outlived its usefulness even though I always preferred to argue FOR it on my college debate team in 1957. That's a long time ago. I'd like to have dinner with Hillary and that's a big statement for a Sanders supporter.
 Don't waste your time nor money.
 I was anxious to read this book and it did not disappoint. Hillary let all her thoughts and emotions run out and got to the guts of what she was thinking and feeling after one of the biggest battles of her life. She shows me what a strong woman looks like. I've always known that. And she would have been a great president. But most of all she isn't sitting still, but moving on to do great things in another way. I love how the book ends. She took her time and let's us take a brief look at what her next act is going to be...........she's not finished yet!
 I like hear Hillary's voice.<br/>Miss those speeches.<br/>I do enjoy reading the book.<br/>Thanks!
 I can't believe I wasted my money on the pitty party,  she is lucky that there is not a zero star review.
 Fast reading and insightful
 I can hear Hillary's voice as I read. outstanding read!
 Very good book
 A few details are missing in the book, according to former DNC Chair Donna Brazile and Sen. Elizabeth Warren. For example, Hillary lost the election even after she helped rig the Democrat primary against Bernie Sanders.
 Not a good book at all, waist of time reading the cover!
 Nothing new, no insights, no plan, no inspiration. I will wager that 75% of the folks attempting to read this book quit half-way through, put it on a shelf, and never think about it again.
 A readable and engaging book with a good look inside a campaign that is otherwise hard to imagine. No big revealations and perhaps a little understated considering the way HRC has been villified for the past 3 decades or so. I would have liked to have seen a more concise and complete summation of the election results and how winning the popular vote by a substantial margin was still not enough to win the election.<br/><br/>She makes an effort to project more humanity and connection with ordinary people but I think that will always be difficult because frankly, she is not ordinary. I hope she plays an important part in identifying, supporting and helping future candidates succeed in this bruising enterprise.<br/><br/>Yes, forward!
 I listened to the audiobook version which was read by Hillary herself. Her voice can grate at times, but she is a good narrator, and I always prefer to hear the author’s voice – especially in a book which is autobiographical.<br/><br/>What is interesting in this is not what Hillary concludes about “what happened” – why she lost the Presidential election to Donald Trump – but what the account reveals about Hillary herself, which is the real explanation of why she lost.<br/><br/>It is clear from the book that Hillary cannot (and almost certainly never will) come to terms with the fact that she lost the Presidency to a man she considered to be utterly unqualified for the job, both on the basis of experience and temperament. And there is no doubt that she establishes her own breadth of experience, ability, and dedication to her career. But her sense of “entitlement” to the role of President probably holds the key to why she did not succeed.<br/><br/>Quite a lot of time is given to minute analysis of who voted on what basis and why, and how polls showed the change during the course of what was certainly a divisive, unpleasant, and bruising campaign. Inevitably, Hillary concludes that it was external factors – enemy action – which scuppered her chances. She particularly concentrates on Comey’s letter, which re-ignited the controversy of her use of a private server for her emails, and the security implications of this system.<br/><br/>Her second obsession is with the Russian President, Putin, who she believed had a vendetta against her, and who she believed intervened in ways that ensured she would lose.<br/><br/>Whilst there is no doubt that both these factors played a part in the campaign, it is hard to be sure, as Hillary is, that she would certainly have won without the controversy they stirred up. After all, there was as much controversy surrounding Trump. And the idea that people didn’t vote for her as the email controversy made them think she might be unreliable doesn’t square with the fact that Trump was widely portrayed as even less reliable.<br/><br/>What the book does display is the hard-headed, able, uncompromising, and determined character who thought that her qualities meant that she deserved the Presidency, whereas the inexperienced and volatile Trump didn’t. She never seems to understand that describing large parts of the electorate who didn’t fall in line with this assumption as “deplorables” was, in itself, at the root of the fact that many simply didn’t want her as their President, as she seemed to have no connection or sympathy with them.<br/><br/>Hillary – who is far too close and too personally involved in the “what happened” in her failed Presidential campaign – is not the person who can reach a detached and rational conclusion on the subject. But the book does give an interesting insight into her politics, personality and attitudes, so that the reader can reach their own conclusions.
 She nails it. This election should be nullified
 It’s difficult in these times to know what to do now. After waking up in the middle of the night to see the results of the election I sat up on my couch, very pregnant, crying for the world I was about to bring my son into. My son would not know the US before a Trump presidency. Though so small, my son would not know a time when we hadn’t elected a man with such hatred and disgust for anyone that didn’t worship him as much as he worshipped himself; he wouldn’t know a time when we decided that outright sexual assault and racism should be charged with keeping us all safe or honoring this country. I didn’t know how Hillary could go on either. But reading this helps. It keeps reminding me that we can keep going in spite of all that’s been done and said. We can keep moving forward and maybe make the world a little better.
 Loved this book.  Worth reading to understand so much
 Well written book by Hillary Rodham Clinton. Sometimes I think how different our outlook on life would have been with her in the Whitehouse.
 This is a little bit of a hard one for me to review as I have very mixed feelings. There were times in this autobiography that I cried and there were times when I just wanted the retelling to be over already.<br/><br/>Hillary Clinton is obviously a role model for many women and definitely has made strides for women all over the United States being the first woman ever nominated for the President of the United States. I think that she is a very smart woman and probably very deserving to have been elected to the highest office in the US, but by the end of the book, I found I didn't care anymore.<br/><br/>I do realize that she was literally answering the question of "What happened?" Why didn't she get elected? There were just so many quotes and retellings of what had been played in the news over and over that I really didn't know if I could hear "quote, unquote" again.  Perhaps it wouldn't have been quite as annoying if I didn't listen to the audio version, but I had heard that it was far better that way since she reads it herself.<br/><br/>With that being said, it was very touching to hear about how her supporters stood by her side including when she and her staff left the campaign office for the last time. It is also amazing just how much she has done as not only a woman, but as a human being. I am glad that I listened to it, I just think it could have been not quite as long or maybe not so much rehashing. I'm sure it was very therapeutic for her which she definitely deserves.
 Lacking substance. Didn’t really get the point of the book. First half was spent talking about her family and staff. Most of the meat and potatoes were towards the middle/back. Not very well layed out.
 Well done...insightful.  I have have the audio book and really enjoyed hearing it read by the author.
 I really enjoyed this book and came into it un-biased. I was a Sanders supporter throughout the election and wasn't super thrilled about voting for H. (I did, though) This book surprised me in that H came across as tough and assertive, but also warm and compassionate. Unfortunately, that side never came through during the campaign and now here we are, knee deep in poop.
 What happened is you disrespected half the country. Mishandled classified information and cost several Americans their lives. This book is to many pages of whining about your misfortune which just makes your story worse. No where in this book is an acceptance of responsibility in anyway. Waste of money to hear a grown woman cry for so many pages.
 1.  It's a series of essays that focus on her growing up and do not appear to be actually written by her.<br/>2.  She does not answer the question about her loss in the general election.<br/>3.  She blames everyone else including the political party that nominated her.<br/>4.  She refused to admit her real flaws and look for ways to improve herself.<br/>5.  She gave no details about the Benghazi attack or her deal with Russia to give 20% of US uranium deposits to the Russian government by brokering and a signing deal to allow a Russian government owned business to mine for uranium.<br/>6.  She did not discuss why only she got a list of the debate questions for a debate hosted by CNN between herself and Bernie Sanders.<br/>7.  After losing an election she blamed the Russian government.<br/>8.  She fails to provide any evidence to prove a Russia/Trump conspiracy and disprove her bad handling of Benghazi or the illegal mining deal made with Russia.
 This book is a joke. What happened is you lost lol weak
 blame ,blame ,blame everyone but her self
 Carefully and thoughtfully written, but also disturbing, depressing and sad.  I felt Hillary gave a very honest portrayal of the election of 2016 that did not turn out as I had hoped!
 Great book, both inspiring and healing.  Loved it.  Still with her!
 I was so looking forward to this and it doesn't disappoint (unlike the actual election and the current occupant of the White House, who disappoints every single day). It made me want to try alternate nostril breathing...and it nearly gave me hope for the future. I'm glad Hillary's not going away. As hopeless as it looks right now (especially from Texas) I still believe we're stronger together.
 This book is well written. Love it.
 Love this book. Enlightening, well written and a must-read.
 Oh my goodness do not skip the last two chapters.  Just incredibly inspiring and spoke right to my heart.  You know, at this moment in time it seems like a certain mindset has won. Its those same negative voices that have been hounding us for years, trying to convince us that we are not good enough, ever, and that our spoken truth is not real.  But we know ourselves deeply, and we carry the strength of our ancestors.  There will be no silencing of us. We're here to stay.
 History will pay attention to this book. In this writing, Hillary Clinton with facts and evidence makes a compelling case of the various reasons that contributed to the installation of Donald Trump to the office of the Presidency. The voice and clarity of Secretary Clinton is needed now more than ever. A highly recommended read that is both engaging and persuasive. You don't have to agree with her with all her conclusions, but reading her perspective is essential if one wants to be intellectually honest. I am looking forward to Bob Mueller's revelations in the upcoming months. #imstillwithher<br/><br/>P.S. I highly recommend the audio book with the text together through the Kindle App. You can hear her read the entirety of the book as well as follow along with the text. It is a 2-for-1. :)
 This book has 2 purposes. 1) To blame Russia, the Media, the DNC, Sexism, and the Right Wing, for Hillary's loss. 2) To deny how Deplorable Hillary was/is.<br/><br/>People wanting to know "What Happened?"  This book isn't the answer.  When this was first published, reviews by anyone who doesn't accept Hillary's version of What Happened kept being deleted.<br/><br/>I never wanted Trump in the White House.  I'm disgusted that he is. But the race is over.  Opposing  Hillary is no longer the same as supporting Trump.<br/><br/>2016 was the most exasperating election ever.  Up through the primaries most of the U.S.A.  was hoping/praying that it wouldn't come to Hillary vs. Trump.<br/><br/>I'll never forget the caucuses.  Huge line out the front door.  Huge line just to get in the building.  The people running it didn't know what to do with so many people.  Hillary only got a handful of votes.  All those people turned up to say "Never Hillary".<br/><br/>The media and DNC colluded together to railroad Hillary through the primaries and Sanders out of the race.  The Super Delegates were on her side from the start.  If they'd sided with Sanders, he would have been the candidate.<br/><br/>When Hillary got the candidacy many people gave the DNC a public funeral.  When she was giving her speech a large protest was outside.  People either screaming "Election Fraud"  or "We wont vote for Hillary". Those people were long term Democrats, pushed passed the point of no return.<br/><br/>Beyond that: Hilary was under federal investigation for illegally possessing and distributing classified information.  But that was called an email scandal.  Bill met with Lynch and the investigation ended.  Lynch admitted anyone but Hillary would have been prosecuted.<br/><br/>Hillary was caught in numerous examples of perjury during that investigation.  While being questioned she didn't look guilty or innocent.  She looked contemptuous; like she considered the FBI beneath her.<br/><br/> When asked why they'd vote for Hillary most people said 2 things.<br/><br/>1)  "Anyone but Trump."  Not really supporting Hillary at all.  Just opposing Trump.<br/><br/> 2)  "She's a woman."  Sexist females were voting for Hillary's anatomy.  They'd vote for any woman who wanted to be president.<br/><br/>The polls leading up to election night said Hillary would actually flip some states and no one gets all the toss up states.  The polls said the opposite of what happened.  So: Either those polls were incompetent or they were rigged.<br/><br/>What Happened in 2016 is that Hillary's campaign destroyed countless people's faith in the DNC, the Left Wing, and the FBI.  Then on election night the U.S. people said they'd take ANYONE over Hillary Clinton.
 Intelligent, wise, measured. A woman that should have been president and who still has the courage to stand up for what she believes in even when she is persecuted. Wonderful book, filled with open and candid thoughts and insights. It helps us to know her better, and the more we know, the more we know why they are always trying to quiet her. The sanest voice of reason out there.
 Fantastic book.  Extremely well written and personal account of the 2016 election and everything that led up to it including deciding to run.  Writing style is compelling.  You can relate to Hilary's feelings at every step.  Unusual level of personal detail that helps understand the events and interference in the election process. Worth the read.
 look forward to reading it.
 After reading this book I was convinced that I can’t believe one word she typed in the book. It truel is the book of lies for the biggest hoax in America’s history.
 I did not like the writing style much, however, this is marketed and sold as Hillary's personal style. Truth be told, this book I learned was written by a hired ghost writer, so it's not Hillary's fault that it came out this way. I am not with her (Hillary) anymore, but she should have chosen a better ghost writer. I am of the opinion, and I could be wrong, but I do think that Don Rickles, Malcolm X, &amp; Julia Child had something to do with Hillary's loss. This book will serve mostly as decoration on a shelf with weird books that can only be reached with a ladder. Just as decoration. I got it from a friend after I laughed when I saw it on her coffee table. Well, we both giggled, and I took the book as a joke.
 Mrs. Clinton's book was much more interesting than I expected.  In particular, the chapter about the Russians hacking the election should be required reading for all voters.  I learned a lot about laws that should be changed; such as the law allowing huge donations from wealthy individuals, and how certain people use their money to wield  too much power.  This is not just a book about the last election.  Hillary Clinton comes across as a much more sensitive and caring person in this book.  Unfortunately, her voice and speaking style really hurts her.
 Love the book but hate the outcome. Easy read and very informative about her assessment of what happened. And contrary to everyone who said she doesn't take responsibility for losing the election, she does and frankly I don't know why she should. Certain chapters made me cry.
 After I saw Hillary Rodham Clinton speak in Fort Lauderdale last month, I knew I had to pick up her book ASAP. I was on the Wish List to get the book from my library for months, but it finally came through. It is quite lengthy, actually, but was a wonderful read. She talked about all that you would expect: The election, the policies she wanted to enact, the Russia investigation, her past, wondering why people hate her so much, and more. I found her to be incredibly inspirational as she talked about the state of our country and, especially, towards the end when she talked about not having any tolerance for intolerance (something I say ALL THE TIME!) and that what we really need right now is more love and kindness. I agree, Secretary Clinton, and I will forever be sad that you couldn’t take our country forward. Oh and yes, it was really hard to read this and not be completely depressed about the current state of the presidency… but we shall see. She has inspired me to get more involved, and that’s a great thing for everyone to want to do.
 Fantastic account of Her side of the election. Only Trump supporters hate this book and that's because they can't stand #facts
 I read part of it and couldn't really stomach much more. If she waited and the book didn't feel so much like a hate list, there could be some quality here.
 Three fourth of the book is about Mrs Clinton past mostly non political and less than ten percent deals with why she lost. Comey and Russian intervention caused her loss and not her emails or credibility.
 Fiction, not based in reality.
 I wasn't sure if I would be able to actually read this book, since I've still struggled to process What Happened during our 2016 presidential election, and I get emotional about it pretty darn easily. But I figured if HRC had the courage to write it, after all she went through, the least I can do is honor her years of work by reading her poignant and timely book. So yeah... Waterworks from the first page. But I kept going, and wow, it has been truly eye-opening! Not only has Ms. Clinton managed to put into easily-digestible words all the jumbled emotions, confusion, and chaos of this past year, but she also continually surprises me with humor and insightful details that I never would have guessed about! Well worth the occasional tears. This book is a must read, for so many reasons. Do yourself a favor and get it.
 Scary
 Quite simply, the American people didn't like or trust her
 Great book.  Contained new insights from an amazing woman who should have become our president.
 Really a thoughtful, sincere, nicely written book. I wish Hillary would of shown this side of her during the campaign.  She doesn't make excuses just tells it from here perspective.  Really enjoyed this.
 Amazon is deleting negative reviews. Stop censoring people you commies. It’s pretty apparent when it says 4.5 stars but when you scroll down it’s almost all negative.
 Donald trump happened you don’t need a fictional book.
 The author implies that she mostly lost because she was a woman and that our society is biased toward men politicians. However, she fails to mention women who sucessfully led their respective democratic states: Margaret Thatcher, Benazir Bhutto, Indira Gandhi, Angela Merkel.<br/>Moreover, Bhutto led a muslim country, while Thatcher led British navy to a war with Argentina.
 Hillary and her husband have been a VERY DESTRUCTIVE FORCE on our country over the past several decades.<br/><br/>They entered the political stage as advocates of the working class, now they are the enemy of the working class, lately SHE has been mocking and taunting the working class with words like RACIST, XENOPHOBE, DEPLORABLE, IRREDEEMABLE.<br/><br/>Not by accident the working class has been abandoning the Democratic Party while she has been in the leadership of the Democratic Party.
 I have only gotten into a few chapters of this book so far, and I'm amazed. Its so easy to read and so well written.
 Haven't finished it yet but love every minute. Being about the same age I identify with all Hillary has gone through all her life. Luckily for her she had a much better education than I did...my fault....plus a family that supported independence....I was forced into independence  thank goodness because of a bad marriage......plus as she says she married a wonderful interesting man.  He also married a wonderful interesting woman. I'm very sad she lost the election but look forward to seeing what the future has in mind for her and us.  Thank you Hillary
 Poorly written
 I couldn't stop reading.  Personal, candid and real.  I love women telling their stories. Thank you, Hillary.
 Great synopsis of factors contributing to the election outcome. Thorough discussion on election interference. Foreshadowing of current admin's inability to handle disasters is chilling.
 Reading this I was reminded again how proud I was to vote for Hillary Clinton, how much I admire her perseverance, grace, generosity, intelligence and wit. I cannot imagine how she found the strength to write it, but I am so grateful that she did. What an amazingly detailed summary of recent history.
 It was excellent. Every American should read it even if they did not vote for Hillary. She was very honest and straight forward .
 Raw and real
 Enjoyed the book very much.  I would recommend it highly.<br/>When someone says to me I don't like HRC, I always say, then you don't really know her.
 Here, let me summarize for you... Hillary blames everyone for the loss but herself. Hillary at her most delusional.
 Don't need to read the book to know what happened!
 I gave it one star for convenience. I didn't have to open the book or even BUY it. It's the only book ever written with the question and answer right on the cover.
 The book came earlier than expected, packaged very well and I am very satisfied with my order! It's exciting to be able to read about what really happened and hear the truth! Thank you!
 Hillary Clintons explanation as why everyone is at fault for her loosing the elections. In this books she will play you a song on the worlds smallest violin while she explains her sob story as to why she was put at a huge "disadvantage" during the 2016 election. "What Happened" is more of an explanation as her unspoken belief of "Its my turn." Clinton blames James Comey, Donald Trump, and even Bernie Sanders as to why she lost the election. She wrote this book prior to the Dona Brazile story break that she paid the DNC to make sure Bernie had no chance of winning the primary. Conveniently, she does not mention how President Obama and the rest of the Democrats bankrupted the DNC which caused them to reach at to her donors. In her book she does not mention once how she funneled 2 million dollars to the DNC which led to the DNC moving there headquarters at the same location as her her campaign headquarters.  As a disclaimer I voted for Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential election however, I did not vote for her in the primaries.
 Powerful, professional and prophetic.<br/>So much personal detail offered freely despite the inevitablity of the invective it will invoke.<br/>What a tragedy that this person is not leading the free world.<br/>I believe her spirit will prevail, strengthened by the stark, sad, lost contrast offered by recent events.<br/>No guts, no glory....Hillary Rodham Clinton has both.
 This is a very good book!  I highly recommend buying it.
 Great book.
 Gift
 This is satisfying, at times painful, honest and no-holds barred. If you've ever wondered how it felt to live through the crazy 2016 election as one of the people running in it, you won't be disappointed. From the moment when they found out Weiner's emails were going to dredge up the whole "email scandal" again, to how it felt to hear about Pizzagate... she doesn't hold anything back. She's clever, at times still angry (which is weirdly satisfying), kind and whip-smart. This is the chat we all wished to could have had with her to help us make sense of what in the world happened.<br/><br/>Those looking for simple answers, this is not the book for you. The 2016 election was complicated, and Clinton's feelings on it are as well.
 What Happened? Trump Happened! Book shows no acceptance of responsibility and doesn't really say what happened. The book blames everybody else except loser hillary and her failed attempt to grift America.
 Great read. Sad that she lost the election, but still and inspiration.
 Don’t waste your money this book was given to me as a joke .... wait for it to cost a buck or cheaper.
 Love it. I must read.
 She was open and honest about what she saw happened including mistakes she made. She is so human and so high quality.
 People need to just respect the president. You don’t have to support him but at least respect Donald. HE IS YOUR PRESIDENT. If you have a problem with that then move. Stop complaining and grow up. Now even Amazon is censoring reviews. This is getting out of hand
 Perfect book for times like these.  I felt the heart that was poured into this book and all though it made me feel we missed out on true leadership with this loss.  I do believe that HRC has all the right stuff to lead.  This book gave me hope...
 It's not exactly her fault. I mean, how can she give an honest, objective assessment of her own loss? Her ego would not allow it. But you'll search long an hard before you find such a book as this. A book blaming one's loss on everyone else. Only a dyed in the wool Clinton supporter would buy these excuses! I'd like to see the book about what happened to her the evening that she lost the election, trying to explain away what prevented her from addressing her supporters as they clung to each other in devastation and tears? Maybe she could admit what her staff has already said; that she was screaming, throwing things and blaming everyone else for the loss...which pretty much sums up this book. The loss wasn't her fault, oh no! But in her words, "At this point, what difference does it make?" None, and this book is just an outshoot of the temper tantrum she's been having since she lost the election...for a second time. She didn't feel the need to write a book about her loss to Obama. Guess she thinks she can cash in on Trump's unpopularity with her fans. Some emotional maturity at her age is long overdue!
 I read this book. Totally shameful and a waste of time.. Amazon will probably delete this comment, but I would not recommend it to anyone. Blah, Blah, Blah, Blah, Blah!!! Total waste of time and money. Blames everyone but herself. Blah, Blah, Blah, Blah, Blah.
 What happened was a great read.  Hopefully we can learn and grow from the challenges we are facing as a nation.
 Didn't mention any of her key demographic issues.
 Just finished reading Mrs. Clinton's extraordinary book. She was honest and compassionate. You could feel her pain. I was not aware of so many things that happened in this unbelievable campaign.  It must have been difficult to write so I give Mrs. Clinton a lot of thanks. I am rather disturbed that so many "readers" gave this book one star. I strongly believe that they did not even read this book. They are just the haters of the Clintons. Sad. Sad. Sad.
 Tells Clinton’s excuses, but no facts.
 I couldn't put this book down, it was detailed and thoughtful in every way. I was reminded on every page how much we are missing without HRC in the White House. The case she lays out is eye opening and raw, at times I didn't want to think about what she was going through especially on election night.<br/>I encourage everyone to read this.
 I bought this book and I loved it. My only criticism is that she spent too much space on the Comey matter. I would have loved to have read more about how gender played a part in the actual election via statistics and polling. I would be amazed gender didn’t play a significant part. Btw Clinton writes well and I found her words to be authentic and moving. A lot of people write books and it is hard to find the continuous thread of the person in their writing if they are uninformed or just writing from the hip. This is not one of those books. I will be handing down this book to my kids so they can get an authentic feeling of what the 2016 election was like.
 This book should be required reading for the far left voters who jumped on the Hillary hate wagon, spurred by Bernie's vague but aggressive and untruthful tactics. We all know the anti-Hillary mantra from Republicans, but to me what is more important is addressing the ignorance and blind hand-waving from radical liberals. The "Bernie or Bust" and Green Party folks couldn't accept that someone "mainstream" like Hillary, with decades of public service success, could address their important causes. Her well-written book discredits their many lies and distortions and reminds us what a colossal diservice those voters did to our country by staying home or voting for fringe candidates in this tight election.<br/>Lovely job, Hillary. You're my American hero!
 Hillary had every right to walk away from public life and let us all rot in the bed we made for ourselves, after the way she was treated in the 2016 election.  Thank God she did NOT choose to do that.  Instead, here she is, once again putting herself out there.  She allows herself to be made example, in the hope and firm belief that ONE DAY we can and will finally move past the misogyny that has plagued this country from day one.  She is a true American hero and patriot and the most remarkable feminist in these modern times.  We are lucky to have her words in this book.
 Boo
 I felt like we were sitting over a cup of coffee having a heart to heart girly conversation!  Very insightful!
 Pass
 Enjoyed reading, even if it was bittersweet at times. While HRC unequivocally takes responsibility for her defeat, it’s important for us to understand the multitude of factors that were at play during the 2016 election. Anyone with an open mind, regardless of party affiliation, will find this book informative.
 America, particularly white America, needs to recognize the massive failure that was the 2016 election for what it was, and also for what it was not. Hillary Rodham Clinton is unflinchingly self aware in this wonderfully written and heartbreaking book. The American People, particularly white women, let her down. This book, particularly Hillary's words on radical empathy, is the much needed story of how we all went so terribly off course and offers the perspective we need to get back on track. Hillary's story lays bare the unrelenting nonsense criticism she faced and provides context for the ways her campaigns message was cherry picked and manipulated by hostile media. An absolute must-read.
 Great book for all of us who have voted for this lady and should have been our President and was grossly cheated by a crook and a vengeful plodding party.
 The worse book I have ever opened up. I only read 6 chapters and i got Amazon to take it back.
 Horrible book full of untruthful information of course.
 My family really liked the book everyone should read it
 As soon as I was old enough to register, I affiliated with the Democratic party and have retained that standing though I don't "vote blue no matter who." I worked on the Obama 08 campaign and I worked on Bernie's campaign. What I witnessed and experienced during both of Secretary Clinton's campaigns is not reflective of this book.<br/><br/>There's the usual humble bragging of public service, motives for charting the path taken, and accomplishments throughout her life. Let's be clear: she has performed great work while also being on the wrong side of history in numerous instances. "What Happened" seems to have been written with the sole intent of absolving herself of missteps. Included are many jabs and cheap shots, often interspersed with passages feigning warmth and other human characteristics.<br/><br/>Don't expect this book to be the result of brutal introspection; instead, it's rife with shirking the ultimate responsibility of the various failings. I had modest hopes for Secretary Clinton espousing human traits, but then I listened to and read "What Happened," and, yet again, it's proof that there's more than one side to a story.<br/><br/>Specific to the audiobook: The narration comes across as a flat, if not stern, lecture where discussion is prohibited. Secretary Clinton's voice was so monotonous that I nodded off a few times when in a quiet setting and minimal distractions. Reading the book afterward was tiresome as I could not get her voice out my head. If you decide to read and listen to the book, I suggest you read it first to avoid the difficulty I encountered.
 It is so obvious that the negative reviewers are people who have no clue how a campaign is run much less understand the hateful political climate that Hillary endured for decades. Also obvious, they are trumpers or Berners. They wanted to see her bleed on every page and beg forgiveness for losing. Grow up already. This book was well-written. I have to laugh when I see people say she listed excuses, blamed everyone else but herself, or did not explain what happened during the campaign! Apparently, they didn't read the book, or have comprehension issues. Here's your first clue...she didn't write this book for you! This book is about what SHE experienced, it's not about your hatefulness towards her. This is a book about an incredible and strong woman that was demonized unfairly, and still is by the trump bots, bernie bots, and uneducated morons who voted for Trump because they couldn't get past their own misogyny. Now we have a moron-in-chief in office. Good job haters!
 Great book, a lot of insight, a perspective I wanted and needed to hear.<br/><br/>I found the title very apt for this book. I have followed and supported Hillary Clinton for a long time. She's not perfect, and I've had concerns about how she has portrayed herself and been portrayed both. As a woman in the world and a workplace, I identify so hard with so many aspects to both how she portrays herself and how she is portrayed. How she is portrayed in particular is upsetting. No matter what she says, does, doesn't do, wears, eats, walks, talks, sits, stands, gestures, smiles, not smiles, whatever, it doesn't matter what is, is criticized, scrutinized and interpreted to the 9th degree. She can't do anything right, with so many people. She's damned if she does and damned if she doesn't. Hillary is smart and funny and I wish that had been presented more during her campaign. I'm glad I get to see that part of her in this book. I too wondered what happened.  I value her experiences and opinions and I value this insider perspective. I'm glad Hillary didn't take some people's order to sit down, shut up and go away. That has been my experience and struggle too often and I appreciate Hillary staying strong and involved. There were so many moments in the book where Hillary said what she was feeling/thinking/experiencing in certain moments, such as when Trump was looming behind her during the debate, and I could clearly remember feeling/thinking/experiencing the same things. There were others I observed or read about and found myself pondering what that moment was like for her, what the greater context was, and getting Hillary's insider's perspective and personal experience has been useful, enlightening, saddening and in some cases infuriating all at the same time. Reading this book is an emotional rollercoaster for me but ultimately provided both closure and a direction to look forward. I highly recommend this book.
 Good read
 Some interesting parts but it dragged on quite a bit.  I had borrowed it from the library so only got though 2/3 of the text.  Would like to go back and finish but the wait list is impossible.
 I absolutely loved this book. I was (and still am) a hardcore Clinton supporter and she had my endorsement since she announced her campaign back in 2015. I was looking forward to this book since it was first announced after Trump's inauguration. As much as the media says this is all her pushing blame, maybe they should actually read the book, because she takes full and complete responsibility for her loss when i comes to decisions made by her campaign since she was in fact the candidate and made the final decisions. But what she did was state factors that very well affected the outcome of the election including Russia's interference, the media's coverage of her emails, and the FBI director.<br/>She was funny, raw, honest, and candid in this book. I absolutely loved it, and the audiobook is read by her which is pretty cool!
 A great insight into the complex details of a compromised election which was lost through NO FAULT OF HER OWN,which I firmly believe, in spite of her taking responsibility for some aspects/flaws. Some parts are better written than others (more literary) others - mostly the primarily personal chapter (although needed and welcome), were not especially well written (sorry Secretary Clinton). This is an intimate look at a wonderful woman who needs vindication on many levels. Yes, I too, wonder as does Secretary Clinton, why people think she is so hard to understand. She has made herself very clear over decades of service. She is what you see; strong, formidable, engaging, charming, enduring, empathetic and a hero!!! Her powers of observation are acute; her memory is awesome; her capacity for many layered and valuable policies is beyond criticism. This much maligned woman (often for reasons of BEING a woman) has challenged a far too-long lived patriarchy and paid the price. This is a must read for those who care about an election which was stolen because of several factors, including massive Russian interference and inappropriate intervention by Comey. I knew all this before reading the book, but for me it was a balm to hear from her directly as she names all the factors and factions that destroyed a brilliant candidate. No one deserved to win more and this book makes that impressively obvious. (Great chapter on  mysogyny and sexism btw). After reading this book, I was uplifted, if even more heartbroken.
 I very much enjoyed reading this book. It reads like a personal memoir as Hillary describes her feelings, emotions, thoughts and values having lost the Election to Trump. There were many forces against her and There is no one reason why she lost, but several confounding factors mainly beyond her control. She comes across as a very decent, hard working, intelligent and spiritual human being, leader, change agent, wife, mother and grand-mother dedicated  to public service. This book confirmed for me Hillary is the good person whom I always thought she was and for whom I proudly voted!
 Got this as a "gift" from a libtard friend. Should be titled:  What Happened:  I'm in Denial.  Why doesn't she go away and stay away???
 Reading Hillary Clinton's brilliant words was a balm to my soul. She has such keen insights into our collective consciousness and where we find ourselves today. I loved the her detailed suggestions about where we should go from here.  I highly recommend her book for those who truly want to improve our country and our world.
 One of the best books that I've ever read ! I thought I was part of her team ! I would buy it AGAIN !
 Hmmm...guess with the release of Donna Brazile's book "Hacks" and the info it provides....Hillary's book "What Happened"  isn't really What Happened...
 Loved this book and glad that I took the time to understand it from Her perspective!
 Save your money. Hillary blaming everyone but herself.
 I bought the book more for curiosity about what Hillary is going to say about the 2016 election race. I read a lot of previous books and articles written by her and I have to give two separate opinions: the book and the content.<br/>From the perspective of the book, it's a great book, with lots of pages of experience enjoyable even if you don't like politics and even greater to understand the women's role in US politics. Now, do you want to buy this book because you seem to look some kind of recognition of Hillary? Wasting your time my friend, Hillary doesn't make reflections of that kind, yes, she's more open in her opinions about the elections. My favorite part is the part of fake news but more than that, it's ok to check another articles and papers.
 I took a look at the sample before deciding to proceed with an order.  It was promising, right up until the time that it mentions Trump claiming Obama had him wiretapped. Between that and Fox News, the tone took on a biased, unsubstantiated tone that turned me off.  Even now, the investigation is not complete and witnesses are being interviewed, there is plenty of evidence the Left was working hard against the Right.  For HRC to be judging others (especially with the state she and Bill left the White House in, e.g. missing china sets, taking W off keyboards) and the 650,000 emails on Weiner's laptop, I struggle with purchasing a book that lines her wallet.  I gave it a Fair Shot.  No thank you!
 What happened? Trump happened!
 I read this from our public library, which means I didn't put any money in anyone's pocket, so I guess my opinion doesn't count. Anyway, this was so pathetic it was funny. The title implies critical analysis, but it is nothing more than a whine about everyone and everything that blocked her from getting the destiny that the media had promised her. I really don't care who the president is because neither party cares about my issues, but after reading this drivel, I'm deeply gratified that she lost.
 Like an intimate conversation with HRC.  I wanted to know if she was going to be OK, what she thought about the events surrounding the election, and where she plans to go from here.
 Excellent.  For those who watched in horror as this situation unfolded, it shows the side we couldn't see.  If you are an HRC fan or middle of the road about her, this book will appeal to you.  I learned a lot.
 Excellant book by an outstanding lady. Too bad she is not Pres. I am a 93 year old veteran and have lived under many Pres. some outstanding, some good and some not so good but Trump is  terrible. I hope that the millions that voted for him will finally realize the mistake they made. Thank you
 While I think it is probably too soon for Hillary to write a book about the election and to expect anything other than 5 stars from those who voted for her and 1 star from those who voted against her, I read the book, and am glad I did.  I feel more comfortable understanding what went from with Hillary's campaign from her perspective.<br/>Well written, and perhaps more honest and introspective than was safe for her in the current political climate.
 It's hard to read this book without crying.  This nation was attacked and the election stolen from HRC by Trump, Putin and his other puppets Stein and Sanders. The media kissed tRump and Sander's butts and attacked Hillary from day one. Hillary Clinton IS the rightfully elected President.  The sexist and ignorant media help this overthrow of the American government right along side with the fascist tRump supporters and ignorant Bernie or Busters and Jill Stein.  Hopefully this nation will survive this tyrant and he along with his Christian Taliban VP will be in prison along with tRumps 3 oldest brat kids.<br/><br/>I love you Hillary.  You will always be MY President.
 Everybody is responsible except for Hillary Clinton! She would have to start her career over from the start if she wanted to actually win the election. Yet that's not in the book!
 Interesting look into a complicated person, and illuminating view of a tumultuous time in our history.
 I immensely enjoyed this book. It was a fascinating look into the campaign. The end of the book almost seemed like the final Lord of the Rings movie that seemed to have ending after ending after ending, and I mean this in a complimentary way. The emotions really came out near the end as Clinton related stories and recollections beautifully. I kept thinking this was going to be the ending chapter, but then it wasn't. There was so much emotion packed in at the end. It was touching. At times while reading the book, I became very angry at the things happening to Clinton -- the things Trump did, the things Comey did. But there were funny moments that we rarely heard about during the campaign. In the end, I was sad that Hillary Clinton did not win the election, as the book made me believe more than ever that America lost out on a brighter future because she is not the president.
 This was a gift for my mother. Her response was that she'd like to put one in every person's hands.  That is a satisfied 83 year old!
 terrible book, i found it in a dumpster and should have left it there
 What happened???<br/>You Lost!!!!!!!
 Really great. I’m so glad she wrote this. Amazing to see inside the. Campaign. No one else on earth has experienced what she has. She’s generous to let us into her life this way.
 a bitter bore fest
 Thank you for your years of service.  And please don't give up on this land.....we need you now more than ever.<br/>GOD bless you and your family.
 How early in the book does Hillary go "fake" ?  Extremely.  First few paragraphs she blames the "Kremlin" for influencing the election.  Is Hillary aware that there was not, and is still zero evidence that the Russian govt hacked the DNC or Podesta's emails ?  The January 2017 Report by CIA/FBI/NSA came up with ZERO evidence that the Kremlin was behind those hacked emails.  Zero.  And she blames the media for being obsessed with HER email crimes?  Really?  The main-media led by NYT, WaPo, ABC, CBS, NBC, CNN was IN THE TANK for her, behind her 100%.  And she blames the FBI....even though THEY used the fake dirt/lies told to british spy Chris Steele, to have a fake reason to get all of Trump's phones and emails tapped, along with his staff.  Fortunately not ONE email or phone call had ANY HINT of collusion with Russians or their govt.  In short, just a few pages of Hillary's book of fiction shows how utterly delusional she is.  And as of a few days ago, she's blaming white, married women for costing her the election.  That is BEYOND pathetic.
 I'm not impressed.  It seemed everyone was to blame for her loss, except her! I am not overly thrilled about Hillary Clinton but I voted for her.  Lesser of two evils.  I wanted to see her win because she is a woman, because she has political experience, because I feel she cares!  I dont sense this was a very soul bearing book.  Assigning blame does not allow for growth. Learn something from this experience Mrs Clinton.  Then come back fighting.
 I wanted to read her book because I wanted to hear from Hillary Clinton, herself. She is the one who ran for the office of President of the United States and her word is the only person I would trust on this subject. The news media, political commentators, republicans, and the fake media made this one of the ugliest election in history.  I’m glad I read her book and I see how much harder women have to fight to be the president of the United States.
 Terrible
 Does not go into the factual details of the election cycle, Debbie Wasserman, Donna Brazile, Seth Rich's death etc.,. does not even touch on the rigged election again Bernie Sanders.
 I didn't buy that book for myself. it was for my son but since then he has found What Happened on CD's which he thought he was getting when I ordered that book from Amazon. That's why I only gave it a one star.
 Any reviews that focus on "the blame game" are obviously made by folks that didn't read the book or didn't finish it. Clinton details a lot of information in 'What Happened', not just what went wrong (or, in some cases, what went right), but it's mostly about campaign decisions and the logic behind those decisions. While someone unfamiliar with the grind of campaigning might find things like building a team, preparing for debates, or general life on the road interesting, there's not a whole lot of content for the seasoned political junkie. Clinton does her best to set the record straight on the sideshow that was the 2016 election, but there is also a bitter undertone deserving of the occasional eye roll. Nonetheless, it's a simple and entertaining read for the objective nonpartisan. For those unable to practice objectivity, chances are you aren't reading a lot of books anyhow.
 I was reluctant to read this book, since the events of last year are still too fresh, but I wanted to be able to intelligently participate in the discussion.  I loved it.  Yes, she does take her share of the blame (too much I think), but also points out the many factors that contributed to the unexpected outcome of the election.  It becomes clear that there's no simple answer, but an unfortunate collection of events and actions that left us where we are now, and that should be addressed going forward.  At times gut-wrenching, at times frustrating, and at times inspirational, this is definitely worth the read.  I recommend it be read with chocolate and wine.
 If you don't like Hillary, I doubt this book will change your mind. But  it shows how clearly she was better prepared for the office of President than the current incumbent. Bernie supporters will doubtless complain she doesn't treat him like the saint they're sure he is but I think she's dead on about him. And the media deserve everything she says about them..
 Excellent to be able to listen....I spend my days writing and reading, so it is restful to have the service.<br/>The content is supported in general by me, but don't want to have the site blow up with trolls...so I'll<br/>just be....
 Great book!
 Candid in her distinct way. I was 11 years old watching the super bowl when Hillary and Bill Clinton came on during a 60 minutes interview. I remember my Mom telling me and my younger brother we couldn't watch because it may discuss sex. This was after I wasn't allowed to watch the movies Fatal Attraction and right before Basic Instinct had come out. Needless to stay I watched both of those movies and the interview , the latter being that night . I knew Hillary Clinton was somehow a controversial force at age 11, clearly not in the same vain as Glenn Close or Sharon Stones character in those respective movies , but an inspirational figure who was going to be fighting a battle I always hope shed win. She's not an open book, like myself, but with this book she is this most open we will probably get from the most powerful and famous woman in the world. #sorrymadonna #sorryoprah it's all about #queenhillary
 Instant Epicac!
 As a female attorney in my 50s who has been a lifelong Democrat, I wanted to like this book and hoped Hillary would finally get real with herself.  Sadly, she still has blind spots that prevent her from seeing this event and her life clearly.  I reluctantly voted for her since Trump was a disgrace - but even I don't like or respect her.  Hillary needs to realize that one of the most shrewd (yet despicable) things her opponent did was to bring Bill's accusers to the debate.  It rattled her.  It also brought home to voters like me that she enabled men like Bill and Donald by refusing to hold them accountable.  In that sense, she gave up what could/ should have been the Democrats most powerful weapon against a man so arrogant that he prefaces his name with "The."  The stories from Bill's accusers ring true and her efforts to protect her philandering husband and bully those women along with him is what cost her the election (imho).
 Great read- full of new insights, open and heartfelt. I only wish more people had come to know this Hillary. She would have been such a terrific president. Time to get rid of the electoral college.
 First let me say that I never really intended to read this book. Yes I fully supported HRC but no I was not all that anxious to hear anymore about "what happened" especially after  so much negativity in the media when this book was released.  However I had put a  kindle version request  on my wish list at my local library  before it was published and forgot about it . Well  many months later it was auto delivered to my kindle so I started to read and was pleasantly surprised . Hillary does gives  an honest retelling of the many factors which led to the loss.
 You lost.  That's what
 Compelling, disturbing, infuriating, riveting and, hopeful.  I highly recommend this book for a perspective on the craziest presidential campaign I have ever witnessed.  By the way, the one star reviews are fun to read because there is an obvious detail that is stated time after time that prove the book was not read by these reviewers.
 Great  book, I wish all the other candidates would write a memoir like this after losing the election.
 I am so glad I read this book!<br/><br/>Hillary's story is truly amazing. Hearing her tell about her feelings during the campaign, which was brutal to her at times, was difficult. And reading about after the election, when she was so disappointed that her lofty vision for us all would not be realized, I shared her pain. But what I came away with was an even greater degree of respect for this dedicated lifetime public servant. She is a True American: certainly more of an American than any of those who overlooked her amazing accomplishments to attack her so viciously, and for so long, for whatever reason. Like the Statue of Liberty, HRC is still standing. She is a person of substance. She has a mind that is truly brilliant. But where she is unsurpassed is in her dedication to America's democracy, and to its citizens: its families, its workers, its children. Is she perfect? Who is perfect? Does she deserve all the hate she has had directed at her? Well, let's just say that Hitler doesn't even get that kind of negative press. She is an example: of how to hold your head up in the face of unbelievably daunting adversity; how to reach deep within yourself for tolerance and patience when challenges seem overwhelming and terrifying; how to be forgiving and to look with vision and kindness on those who demonstrate the kind of hostility and ugliness she has been shown and to recognize that they are people who are frightened and in pain. She wanted to help them, and she had the means and the methods at her disposal. She talks about both in her book. But they didn't want to hear her. They shouted too loudly. And they have only themselves to thank for what they have received instead as far as a leader.<br/><br/>I always respected HRC. But much more so now that I've spent time absorbing her insights and experiences. She is a feeling, thinking human being. She is fallible, but boy is she strong! I don't consider myself to be half the quality of person she has shown herself to be. Which is why she is kind of a hero to me.<br/><br/>The book ends on a most uplifting note, I'm happy to say. In a way, I think it's poetic justice that she does not have to endure the nightmare that is happening in Washington today. She deserves better. A life full of quiet time and time with family, free to do whatever she chooses. . . .She is safer and better off, I sometimes think. But when I consider what could have been........I truly feel that America was robbed of the most qualified, most classy, most dedicated, most intelligent and wise and compassionate leader our nation could ever have. Anyone who doesn't see that has their eyes closed.<br/><br/>This woman is a SHINING LIGHT. Brace yourself for a tight and often rocky reading experience, but be sure that you'll find it a worthwhile read in the end. In her amazing lifelong career Hillary's singular aim has always been to uplift Americans, and people worldwide. She does that beautifully in her book.
 must read lots of personal info and not just politics<br/>a woman's book!
 I thought it was an honest thoughtful analysis.
 Great excuses!  Absolutely pathetic!
 H<br/>I am so happy to know that you will continue to work for the good of our country.<br/>I wish you happiness and hope you and your family will enjoy your future .  Betty Smith
 This was by far the worse pack of lies ever recorded on paper.  Her short sightedness and failures are skewed and immaterial as a lawyer should know better.  The fact she is in denial over losing the election and the emergence of her as a sociopath, I found this book nauseating at best.  I wouldn't give this book to the good will.  I will destroy it so as to do my part for society.  I try to read and understand most sides of the issues, and Obama wasn't really a bad person, just a prisoner of his own upbringing.  But this book needs to be fiction...Ugh.
 Love the book. Very well-Written. And can learn a lot from her.
 Reading this book showed me nothing more than a sad individuals inability to admit what she truly conveys to open minded, non politically concerned folks. I feel sorry for author and her lack of ability to take responsibility for her own actions.
 Really great book. I used it as toilet paper to wipe my ass after I was done reading it.
 Everyone should read this.
 I haven’t finished the whole book, so I can’t mention the whole “blaming” part which is towards the end. The first few chapters are about how she felt, what she felt during the inauguration, how she felt when she ran, her life on the trail, her thoughts on “women in politics”. It is just raw emotion, just bloodbowling sexism and misogyny that is present in your nation and she pointed it out.
 First let me declare in the interest of full disclosure that I am a huge HRC fan and have been for quite some time.  This book helped me to understand what did happen, not by what she said, but how she said it.  She kept talking about how people thought that she wasn't "human," which I never agreed with, but now I see what people meant by that.  They meant that she is always lawyering, and no offense to lawyers, but most people don't view them as human.  In fact, as I was listening, I realized that this book (other than the parts about her experiences of her family and losing the election) was one looong legal case for why she should have one, and she was right about all of them.  She was undeniably bamboozled by Comey, hacked by Russians, swamped by fake news, and discriminated against by gender bias.  However, the piece that was her contribution was the lawyering.  People didn't want a lawyer in chief.  They wanted a leader in chief, a likeable one, and most people view lawyers as unlikeable.  Take for example, how she went to the coal miners in the heart of Tennessee during her campaign.  She didn't make that decision as a leader.  She made it as a lawyer to essentially argue all of those people out of their dislike for her, but when people are angry, they don't want a debate.  They want to feel heard, or they just want to stay angry and be accepted as angry.  They were probably feeling as though if she couldn't accept their anger, she couldn't accept them, and debating anger is the antithesis of the acceptance of it.  That's what she didn't get.  She never stopped lawyering, and that was what all of the "not human" comments meant, which I didn't realize until listening to her 15 hours of audio on her "case" for why she should have one, again, all of which she was right about, but we didn't want someone who was right.  We wanted someone who wasn't a lawyer and debater.  Of note, that is not a gender based comment, as that was Al Gore's problem too, albeit he wasn't even a lawyer.  Sorry for all my candor, Hillary.  I am heartbroken that you lost, but now I understand why.<br/>Of note, I recommend the audio version of this book, because she is a great narrator.
 This book shows the intelligence preparedness and thoughtfulness of the author. A must-read for anyone who wants to understand what happened in 2016 and where we need to go from here.
 Absolute waste of time.
 What happened? You lost.
 Have a hanky nearby. Reading this has convinced me to register as a Democrat from independent. Lots of goodness.
 Hillary Clinton writes with honesty and intelligence to explain what happened during the election.  She doesn't spare herself in describing her mistakes but neither does she join the witch hunt. For example, the Clinton Foundation is highly rated and has helped many people. Her passion for making better the lives of others shines through the foundation's accomplishments.  In addition, the personal server was a dumb mistake but that mistake pales in comparison to Trump's shady past and the disastrous Trump presidency - during which several of his team members are using their private servers.  But then it was never about sincere concern about a server or a foundation.  Trump whipped up his fan base to believe anything he tweeted for them.  I'm hoping that sane experienced people, who are devoted to public service, will once again take charge.  Meanwhile, Clinton's voice is one that must not be stilled.  Despite the witch hunt, she must stand up for herself and her country.
 Awful
 what I did not like is the fact that Mrs. Clinton was cheated out of becoming the first woman President of the United States by all the lies that were spread about her with the  e-mails. I truly believe that Trump and the Russians were responsible for her not getting elected. I loved her book, I cried, and I even had my seventeen year old granddaughter read it and told her that her generation had to make a change  for a better future.  I highly recommend the book,and I hope many people, even Republicans read it.
 Great book to read but even better in audio version. Whatever your persuasion or opinion about her, Secretary Clinton made history and her story is an important one. I could not put this down and bought the audio version just to keep it going while I drove.
 It was better than I thought it would be.
 I was excited to get a copy of this book because yes I am a woman, an admirer of HRC but above all a global citizen interested in political science and curious to know ‘what happens’. By virtue of my profession as a lawyer, and all other work I do for human, women and mental health rights, I will proceed to review this book which was a cathartic read to be honest. Not being an American (nor involved in any gerrymandering or etc) gives me the audacity to title my review as I do. I have therefore divided my review into three sections respectively and I will conclude with a probably more audacious stance. Spoiler: Message not in any EMAILS!!!<br/><br/>1) Get the Message<br/>I would have been disappointed if the only message I got from this book was about what happened during the 2016 sagacious presidential election in the USA. I am therefore appreciative of the fact that the book is about what happened before, during and after not only the elections but also what happened and happens to HRC – and well the USA. The book is not titled say ‘what happened that I lost in 2016’ …<br/><br/>The message or should I say messages HRC share in her book are therefore about her, the campaign and elections saga, and the country as a whole. I keep likening what I think of the US now to a person who has fallen from such Grace to Grass. HRC in her usual candour which I have appreciated all along reading her various books, sounds the clarion call, pointing fingers to all including herself. Putin may not like her, Trump may not (obviously), ‘Little Rocket Man’ too, the Republicans without doubt, even some Democrats presumably, but the message has to be given and just like other great messengers in the world (Start maybe from Jesus, Mahatma Ghandi, MLK, Malcom X, Mandela, you name them I mean even Barack Obama), HRC ( a brave woman for a change) had no choice but to follow that inner nudge and deliver the message (s) in this book.<br/><br/>Not the Messenger<br/>I think the world or to be more honest the US, has held HRC to an unreasonably terrifying standard while at the same time expecting her to just ‘disappear’. No doubt HRC was the candidate and should, and in my candid opinion does take a lot of responsibility, she is not the reason the country is in such chaos. She is a messenger sent bearing a torch under a scorching scrutiny, and facing immense challenges and sabotage from different angles it could only take Amazing Grace to see her through it all (had she ended up in an asylum or in Jail maybe there would have been more ‘celebration’?).<br/><br/>Yet truth be told, the records she has set not only as the first female presidential nominee of one of the great parties in that country, but also in her long and impact full public service to the country and the world at large, will in another country probably grant her immunity from whatever, for life, period. It is therefore shameful and dare say embarrassing that several other reviews I have read, and  some media outlets take pleasure in trying further ‘character or emotional assassination’ of HRC. Hold up USA, you seem not to know the gem you have in HRC the messenger. She is just a human being for crying out loud but the choices she has made and the message she delivering in this book should not be overlooked because someone in the Oval office or somewhere doesn’t like her face, voice, shape, sight etc.<br/><br/>Clean the Mess<br/>In this book, I gather and undeniably think that the country is in a mess. I mean blame it on HRC and the Clintons if you want, blame on Barrack and the Obamas, on the democrats maybe, blame it on Russia if you are bold enough to follow through with your investigations – that is if it is already obvious blaming the Republicans too right?, I can even blame my US Buddy who keeps putting up those blogs posts with such alien like updates! The bottom line is: The great Super Duper US of A is currently in a mess and I recently said they had become “a global embarrassment and case study”. Seriously some real cleaning has to be done because it ain’t wrong to fall, but it’s appalling to stay down when you know how to get up!!!<br/><br/>In conclusion<br/>Read this book and think about the solutions HRC proposes, take it or leave she has painfully and graciously delivered the message. Take it or leave she deserves a medal (the highest honour that exists in your country). Take it or leave HRC is your modern day Eleanor Rooselvelt (No doubt she finds such inspiration from this exceptional icon). I am glad that HRC did not choose to FOLD IT ALL AND RUN but to FACE IT ALL AND RISE after she lost the presidential elections (that may have deprived Charlotte and Aidan of their awesome grandma just too soon), and that she has pulled herself back together and is continuing to do all the good she can as seen in the creation of ‘Onward Together’. Thank you so much HRC you have inspired so many young girls and women the world over you can’t imagine. I was hoping you’ll be the Ellen Sirleaf of the US but I think the country wasn’t ready for you. You were not angry enough, resentful enough, nasty enough, persistent enough, bashful enough, elite enough, middle class enough, poor enough; you were over educated, over composed, dreamt too much, nodded too much, spoke too much, spoke too little, smiled too much, wore blank suits all the time, had friends from Kindergarten and couldn’t even fire a single campaign manager… I can go on and on and on…<br/><br/> In the meantime, I cling on to the T-Shirt of Madame President which I bought and had dhl-ed to me. One day hopefully before my time here below is up, I’ll clap when that utmost glass ceiling is shattered once and for all. HRC didn’t let me down, she showed me the way and she keeps striving with humility, persistence, modesty and love. Americans do yourself some service and read this book – I give it a 5 star without reservation!!!
 After the last Presidential election, I was left pondering why Hillary Clinton who was such a better person for the position of President of the United States did not win when Mr. Trump was such an obvious poor choice.  This book helps me understand the whole process from Ms. Clinton's perspective and it is very enlightening.  She blamed herself for a lot of what went wrong, but I don't see it that way.  It seems to me that she did not fail the American people.  They failed themselves.  We vote for the candidates who we think will get us what we want--not what they are really about.  We want to believe what we want to believe.
 Denial &amp; deflect... ask Donna Brazil!!
 A great insider's accounting of the election. Read it and weep.
 A real page turner. The material on the Russian intervention is terrifying.
 I have read enough of the book to understand that Hillary on a superficial level can explain her opinion of "what happened", but it doesn't dig very deep, nor ask the questions that it should have asked.<br/><br/>Another note, the whole review section of this book is very suspicious, with there mainly being five-star opinions and then a lot of 1-star reviews that have claimed they had to post their review multiple times due to it being deleted. Most books, even if liked, should not receive 5 stars, and the appearance of any critique of this book being censored is very troubling and a reflection of the current issues that face the validity and truth of information, the importance of image and branding, and the distrust that is all growing within us and institutions.
 I am giving it a five star because it was a good book of you want to look inside Hillary's life. It's a little sad how many times she says "if won....." However I suggest everyone read this book it is very well written and very insightful. It doesn't focus on the election as much as I hoped. However it talks a lot about her family and her career. The book really fights off the insinuation that she is cold and guarded. In the end the  most memorable things for me was how much she expressed that she loved her family.
 It is hard to say I loved it, because daily I am so disappointed in the election results. However, I am really glad I read this book. She writes extremely well and shares what took place in an informative and authentic report. She is such a bright woman with a wealth of experience in public life and public commitment. I would unequivocally say it is well worth the read.
 Interesting insight into the election and the influence the Russians had over our election.
 no news
 "Blah blah blah....I lost because of FBI, Russia, Comey, Sanders, and Pearl Harbor!"
 The worst part is you can hear her voice as you read it.
 Ostensibly, this book is about the 2016 election, but it's really about much more. It's about hope and loss and love and support.  It's about America, its problems, and possible solutions.  It's an exciting tale about what it's like to run for President.  It's a treatise on economic and social policy.  And, in spite of the obvious bias Secretary should have, it's a damn good historical summary of "What Happened" during the 2016 election.
 I believe our country will be better off if every American reads this book. This is book is a fast read, it is extremely interesting, has incredible insights that we did not hear during the election, and a phenomenal message for all Americans for the future. If you are a Trump supporter, information may surprise you, and it would be very interesting if your perception of Hillary Clinton changes. It is important to understand the different sides to make better decisions. If you are a Hillary Clinton supporter, you will learn a lot and you will truly enjoy this book.  Overall, this book has a great message for everyone.
 Therapeutic. I volunteered with Hillary's campaign and eagerly awaited this book but wasn't sure I was ready to read it.  I'm glad I did.<br/>Still With Her.
 Great book. I could feel her voice through the words. Her joy. Her sorrow. So glad I bought it. I voted for Hillary and feel she was cheated and I was cheated out of what would have been a better experience for our country.
 What happened?<br/>I got to 53% of the book and just couldn't read anymore on how everyone is sexist but you and your believers, but yet expected a nation to vote for you because or your past  crusades to help the women and children movements. Ever think of telling the male population what you have done for them? I couldn't read anymore on how mostly every aspect is someone else's fault... You need to realize, popular vote or not, people may have liked you and you ideologies but they didn't trust you.<br/>Anyone who ran against you would have won, just as anyone but you who would have ran against trump, would have won...<br/>What happened?<br/>What happened?<br/>The wrong person was on the ticket.
 Not interesting. Losers account!
 Pure garbage.<br/>Seek counselling and quit whining.<br/>Waste of money.
 Seriously? Come on, hillary! You were a HORRIBLE candidate. What happened? Trump happened! He's a great president! You would have been HORRIBLE. Please be quiet!
 I love this book and yes I support her. She should have been our president. She was robbed of the election.  I'm taking my time reading it .
 Concise, honest, thoughtful and incredibly informative. Issues Hillary discusses are still being covered daily in the news. So glad I took the time to read her book.
 If I had no prior knowledge of the Clinton's, I most likely would have been won over by this book. Although I reluctantly voted for her, I thought she was morally, the opposite side of the same coin as trump, albeit she is much more experienced and knowledgeable than he. Yes, Comey played a large part in her losing the election, but her admission of her mistakes and lack of understanding as to why millions of people simply hate her was ridiculous. Here's why I do:<br/>When the Clinton's left the Whitehouse they asked the country to help them defray their legal bills which piled up from all the investigations that riddled their tenure. They claimed they would be leaving the White House broke. What they didn't disclose was that they would soon be multi-millionaires from their books and speaking engagements. I have no problem with people making lots of money, but I do have a problem with people asking for unneeded contributions, that could have been donated to worthy causes instead of to them.<br/>We know trump treated woman poorly. But so did the Clintons. They trashed Monica Lewinsky who did all she could to protect Bill, and they sent their minions out to trash her, as they also did to Juanita Broderick, Paula Jones, Jennifer Flowers and Kathleen Wiley.<br/>Clinton claimed that she dedicated her life to helping children and those less fortunate than she. No one is worth over 30 million dollars who dedicated their life to doing good works.  Did she do some good? Of course. But this woman dedicated herself to making money and to having power. Even in this book she speaks about when she and Pres. Obama came to power! She finds it odd that people always thought she would run for president. Really? Great if that was her ambition, but why lie about it?  So many people I'm friends with always knew she'd run.<br/>She was opposed to marriage equality yet claimed she only supported DOMA - Defense of Marriage Act to preclude a constitutional amendment defining marriage as an act between a man and a woman. That wasn't even on the table until W was president.  She refused to fire a campaign advisor who she knew was sexually harassing another staffer during her 2008 run.<br/>Trump wouldn't reveal his tax returns, but hrc wouldn't release her Goldman Sachs talks, coyly saying she'd release them when everyone else released their paid speeches.<br/>Her friend -  the head of the DNC gave her questions used in a debate against trump in advance of the debate, and she never went to the debate organizers to tell them.<br/>Trump argues that we should make America great again and she that America has always been great. We never have been great, but there are many great things about our country, namely that we have a dynamic constitution that changes over time. Just ask Black or Native American people or Jewish people who know how we turned people trying to escape nazi Germany away how great we always were. Or countries we've invaded in Central America or the Vietnamese or Cambodians. We have so much as a country to do and we're not going to do it with mindless drivel and sound bites.  I could go on and on, but unfortunately, people who love her will ignore what I say and those who feel like me will applaud it.<br/>I'd love to have read a serious book about what mistakes she made and a reckoning of what she did wrong through the years that people remember. Should she and bill have walked away from the presidency when it was discovered that he perjured himself? I think so.  So do many people now. But if they had, and if she had learned from her mistakes instead, for example, of disregarding the Sunshine Laws when she had her Committee to look into creating a national healthcare policy, and claiming not to know about them, despite being an attorney, and genuinely apologized about things like that instead of essentially saying, "Oops", she might have emerged as a great politician. And she might have written a book worth reading.
 excellent!
 A deep sadness at what might have been. Put aside any preconceived notions you have. A brilliant mind.  A lifetime public servant. A riveting read.
 I read Trump's book first, then Bernie's and then this one for purposes of comparison. You can really see the difference between hers and Trump's, which is why I remain flabbergasted by what happened. She's very eloquent, informative &amp; direct. I admire her courage and confidence and modesty all at the same time. This is an unprecedented book, which everyone interested in what's going on in America should read.<br/><br/>She's very personal, her thoughts &amp; remarks have no filter (although I do admire how gracefully she worded some of them).  A lot of people misunderstood her, maybe if read with an open mind, that might offer a new perspective. I craved for more at the end and thought it was too short, but that's just me.<br/><br/>I think both Bernie &amp; Clinton had a lot more potential to reach out to minorities, especially Hispanics. I wonder from both sides what would have happened if they had been more aggressive about it. But the fact remains that all things considered, Clinton won this election by a majority, and although competing against misinformation and demagoguery, she rose up above that and set out an example for all girls and women worldwide.
 The parts of this book where we get to know HRC are wonderful. I got bogged down in the middle where she explains "what happened" as it seems repetitious, perhaps in need of editing. All in all, however, it deepened my respect for the author, and my sense of loss.
 Great story written by a wonderfully and courageous woman who did make history! I enjoyed listening to her tell her own story of this most horrible election and result in history. You will enjoy it even if you don't like her. I would highly recommend it.
 Secretary Clinton, thank you for sharing the details of the most heartbreaking defeat I have seen in my lifetime.  You were, are, and always will be an inspiration!  We sadly are a divided country thanks to our very foolish president.  Oh, if it only it could have been you.  ONWARD TOGETHER!
 I would have liked to seen a bit more objectivity on HRC's part, but I think it's still too close to the election for her to be objective. Nevertheless, it was an interesting look inside her head - politics, her background, her feelings. If the country had seen more of this HRC, who knows what might have happened?
 I was not ready to read this book until just recently.  It was too painful to face what might have been.  It was painful but also remarkable to read her honest assessment of the loss.  I continue to admire and respect her ability to face loss and bitter disappointment and still believe in her vision.  Must reading for her loyal supporters and any who now regret their third party choice of their failure to vote
 There is no question that you are hearing Sec. Hillary Clinton's voice as yo read every work.  The book is intimate and insightful as Mrs. Clinton<br/>reflects on how her candidacy progressed through the wouldda,shouldda, couldda of the18 months of the political grind.  What Happened is a must<br/>read for all those who love her and those who don't.  It will answer many of the questions which all of us share about about this historic political<br/>figure.
 I appreciated Mrs. Clinton’s telling her version of what happened.  I am only saddened at the out come of last year’s election and the turmoil and anxiety many of us feel as a result.  We must work together to put us back on track and to treat each other with dignity and respect.  Thank you, Mrs Clinton, for your vision, advice, and encouragement to make our great country a beacon for democracy again.
 This book in well-written, throughly researched, and wholly compelling. For every item presented as a fact, there is a reputable source cited; for every opinion stated there is a disclaimer included. Clinton wrote this book as if she was speaking to a friend, allowing herself to be blunt, funny, authoritative, intelligent, and open. She willingly owns up to her mistakes but she refuses to take responsibility for events that were out of her control.<br/><br/>This is no self-flagellation in the public square. This is an assessment of facts and the sharing of information, an attempt to get everyone on the same page.
 A knowledgeable inside few of what women face, overcome, and face throughout the years. It is insightful how the core of balancing family and career is managed. Strongly encouraged reading material for all political science, civics, or women’s movement course work.
 This book humanizes Hillary in a way I’ve never felt. As someone who cares more about policies than the people implementing them, this solidified my opinion that Hillary is nothing like what her critiques say and deserved so much better not just in 2016 but since the beginning.
 Sharp, authentic, thoughtful. Amazing book. Great read from one of the greatest minds of our times.<br/>The book makes you think so much about America, and why we are where we are.<br/><br/>I have no doubt people will read this book with different lenses, as they did to Hillary herself. The most perplexing are opinions around what she should or should not have written. The fact is, she has a right to write what she wants.<br/><br/>I, for one, loved the book
 Worst ever
 This book is everything you would expect: comprehensive, deeply touching and revealing. If you really want to better understand the reasons behind the nightmare we fell into last November I highly recommend to read this book.<br/><br/>Moreover, it gives a brand new image of Hillary, free from the restraints of policy she is now able to let her guard down and throw shades to Comey, the press and everyone else who clearly damaged her campaign,<br/><br/>In the book, ​it's more clear than ever why she is a fighter and why she's been and still is my hero.
 A balm to my aching heart, this book was a good read that left me feeling hopeful. I hope that others will read this book and leave with a better understanding of Secretary Clinton and the fact that she cares the most about this country.
 Thank you Hillary for this amazing book. As I read the book, I remember what you said before: “Never stop believing that fighting for what’s right is worth it.”<br/>As one of your supporters, I’m telling you that we will never stop believing in our own dreams.
 Might be readable if she took a shred of responsibility. Grandma Nixon and her husband are missing a key component that normal humans have: a sense of shame.
 Disliked
 Waste of time book that’s just talks about nothing
 I loved the book. It’s really a shame that Hillary is not president. If you like Hillary and you too wonder what happened, it’s a great book for you. I have so much respect for this amazing woman. The country and world missed a president who knew that America was already great.
 After a few chapters on her personal life and relationships, Hillary offers a well researched analysis of the factors leading to the Nov 2016 election results.  Some things are not explained at all.  For example did she have a PR firm working with the media to focus on her messages, or was that left to chance?  If she had a PR team, why were they so unsuccessful?  Also she talks about not countering the fake news on Facebook, but does not explain why not? She talks about buying TV ads, when those funds could have been spent on Facebook for more coverage.  So ... many questions still remain.
 Hillary Clinton continues to be an inspiration for girls and women around the world. Read this, then let’s go forward together!
 Her story is our story.
 Psychotic rantings and delusions.
 Stop gaslighting America!
 Reading this book made me respect Mrs. Clinton even more.  She really laid out what happened in a way that enabled me to clearly see what was going on during the election.  I really thought a woman would be able to become President in this country.  Well, I learned that it will not happen anytime soon.  The misogyny, the Russian involvement, and Mr, Comey destroyed that dream.  I am still with her.
 Not very well written
 Great read. I very much needed this after suffering through the election that was stolen from her. Can't wait to get my book signed!
 4 Life
 Hillary should have been president. Her book gave me hope again and a renewed sense of activism. EXCELLENT read and articulate. Onward Together.
 I'm listening to the audio book - it is so wonderful to hear this told in Hillary Clinton's voice! A real, human accounting of her experience in her own words. It brings what happened to the fore and now so many more people can hear from this remarkable woman who is still active on our behalf - a view most were not able to see with the skewed news coverage during the election.
 am enjoying her side of the story.  is well told, blemishes and all.  recommend to all readers...
 AWESOME BOOK,
 I want to thank Secretary Clinton from the bottom of my heart for writing this book!  I was dumbfounded on Nov. 8, 2016 and needed someone to help me make sense of it all.  This book is fascinating, and I sincerely wish that everyone would read it, regardless of how you voted.  There is so much to learn about all the things that happened, and could certainly happen again in future elections. Although Clinton was the obvious choice for me, due to her incredible experience, a lifetime of public service, and the ability to reach across the aisle, it was inspiring to read this book and learn about how much else she has done in her lifetime that I did not even know about.  I love that she is planning to continue with her public service to help guide others in the quest for a better America.
 This is my fourth review. The first three were deleted.<br/><br/>The book gives a good insight into the mindset of Hillary Clinton. Everybody who voted in the 2016 election should read this book to see what might have been. If you don't read this book, then, you are missing out.
 I wish everyone; no matter whether you like her or hate her, voted for her or didn't vote for her, would read this book with an open mind! I'm only half way through it, but I pick it up and read some more every chance I get! Very well written! She opens up her heart and allows us to see a side of her that I don't think we ever got to see before! Too bad this wasn't available before the election....I wonder how differently things would have turned out had we all been a little more informed!
 Typical of right wingers to leave reviews on a product they never actually bought or read just to trash Hillary. This book was an amazing read. Thank you to the winner of the popular vote for writing this. Reading it was therapeutic.
 Impressed with how she takes responsibility without passing the blame. A depressing read as you know how it ends, but still worthwhile.
 It's just spin.  What else was it going to be?
 It was very difficult to get through this book without laughing.
 great
 Thank you Hillary! It was great hearing from you...You came to my town during campaign and spoke at the high school. I was so happy you were in my town. We need your voice more than ever.  Don't go anywhere!  Thank you so much once again.  Great Book, V/r
 This was very helpful to understand general policy issues. Also, the contrast between her accomplishment and her genuine self-reflection and the current Republican leadership is profound. We have to get to the bottom of why people on the right voted the way they did. The economy under Clinton was great so it's not that. It's not his affair because there's nothing coming out on right about Stormy Daniels. So what is it?. Is it uncomfortable for women who want to gravy train through a man to see a woman that is accomplished? It was clear from the debates what a moron he was. I think people might have believed all the reality TV hype that he was a businessman which he clearly is not. But how on earth could they vote for a man who they could see with their own eyes was such a bully and so deeply insecure and gross. The issues about her were all hear say. Whatever flaws they may have had earlier on- like the huge sums from speeches, they have compensated with by participating in solution oriented foundations and extensive civic engagement. Would they prefer the Clintons just sat around painting? I am sick of people being defined by their worst moment instead of the sum of their good deeds. Especially when the accusers do not do anything to help society but sit on the sidelines and complain. So grateful for her standing up to t he Russians in this book. That's something many don't have the backbone to do publicly on Facebook.
 this book is more whiney, blaming, self serving, blahdity bladity blah ~ we thank God everyday that this witch is not in our, nor will she  EVER be allowed in our beautiful White House!! she should be in prison for treason ~ the damage she has done to our beautiful country just over her four yrs as secretary of state will still be being dealt with by our children &amp; grandchild for years to come...hateful narssistic, selfish unpatriotic, thank you again Our Lord for saving us! God bless our President, &amp; may God bless our wonderful United States of America! One star so i could post this 🎃
 There were several times when I didn't want to put the book down. She acknowledged her own missteps, but outlines various reasons why she lost.  She does this so we learn from her mistakes and hopefully win in 2018. She emphasized the keeping the faith and continue to work for justice. She is one of my heroes.
 All lies
 Tripe.
 What a joke. Save your money. Buy a pizza instead.
 You happened...
 Rented it from the library. Its better served as a paperweight than insight to what really happened.
 Before I purchased this book, I read many of the fake Amazon reviews, posted by Trumpbots. As I read this book one of the thoughts that kept passing thru my mind was a question having to do with not what happened, but how it happened. If half of what Hillary writes in these pages is true, the hijacking of the election cannot be disputed. For intelligent people to have chosen this orange clown over this knowledgeable, caring,experienced woman is a sham, and the only reason such a choice could have been made is thru cheating.
 Read this book out of curiosity. All summed up to a lump of excuses for her believing it was merely her turn. I actually felt sorry for her, she went thru a lot and still lost. She needs therapy.
 In a time of discontent, this book brings a comfort that is satisfying and hopeful. An insightful look into Hillary's inner thoughts, feelings, and worldview amidst a confusing period in history, this book offers a valuable perspective of one of the most successful female leaders of our time.
 Since the election, Hillary penned an amazing book, started an organization that supports those who will run for office and resist, wrote a lovely children's book, and tried to save the world. "What Happened" is delightful, smart, heartbreaking, and inspiring all at once. Just read it. If you're still healing from the last year, this will help.
 After reading this book, you should pass it on to anyone who voted for Trump, and to all those who made this decision  not knowing the real Hillary Clinton.
 I voted for HRC.  I bought her audio CD  and really enjoyed listening to her. I found her insightful and personable.  She blames herself a lot about her loss in the Presidential race, but also stated the other reasons for her loss(Comey, Sanders, media, etc.).  It’s a good book to read if you want to know Hillary Clinton.
 A book wrapped and protected well!  I wish all booksellers were as considerate as this. Great book, too!
 If I didn't live through it, much of this book would seem far-fetched. It reads like a spy novel, just with characters in our current government. While the bulk of the book is shocking and a bit depressing, the end is uplifting and renews the reader's sense of purpose.<br/><br/>Worth the read.
 There's really only one thing left to say after reading this book: Our society--our world--would be so much better off right now if we had been given the honor of referring to Hillary Clinton as Madame President.<br/><br/>I greatly appreciate her honesty in laying it all on the table regarding what happened during this nightmare of an election we had in 2016. There are so many layers to unravel. Clinton does not point fingers at why she "lost", but instead, gives an in-depth analysis of the various factors contributing to what will likely go down as the biggest political upset in history. Here's to hoping that as a nation, we use this as an opportunity to learn from our mistakes, as well as learn to distinguish between and vote for politicians who are genuinely capable of doing their jobs.<br/><br/>Other than the fact that she lost the election despite winning the popular vote and rightfully deserving to win--the most unfortunate thing is that thanks to the way media and "politics" as usual managed to stain Clinton's reputation, the people who need to read this book most probably won't. Nevertheless, I highly recommend this book to anyone with political interests and an open mind.
 All I have to say after reading this book is.....nuts!
 Well  written, engaging, thoughtful.  Brings me hope and renews my faith there are really good people in government. Thank you Hillary!!
 Smart lady... we should of read this book a lot earlier to understand her and her views. I don’t agree with everything but she knows what she's talking about.
 This book is actually kind of hilarious, and also sad as you realize Hillary struggles to accept responsibility and reality even today.
 This is Hillary's best book yet.  She is honest, candid and insightful about her experiences leading up to the 2016 election.  What I like the most is that she backs up what she says with valid/objective research and supporting evidence.  Thank you, Hillary, for putting yourself through this crazy campaign.  You are an inspiration and your book has helped a lot of us come to terms with the surprising result of the 2016 election.
 I would recommend the book to anyone, especially young women not familiar with Hillary’s many accomplishments both personal and public life.  She’s very down to earth describing her feelings, regrets, but also her many accomplishments.
 I'm not much of a reader, let alone a reader of political books, but this book was fantastic. For those who are saying it is a "one sided story" I challenge you to actually read the book. Never have I seen the sentence "I know that my actions are one of the sole reasons of my defeat" as many times as in the first 100 pages of this book. It has humor, it has a sense of realness that was unfortunately not seen on the campaign trail. A great book and a great insight into the mind of one of the most misunderstood candidates of all time. I recommend this book even if you are for "the right" because there are several segments that make you truly go "hmm, I didn't realize that there were so many on both sides supporting her." Gives a little bit of hope in our government , especially when she recalls all the light hearted moments with Bush, etc...
 I absolutely loved this book. I had always been pretty lukewarm on Ms Clinton and voted for Mr Sanders in the primary election. However, I was so surprised that Mr Trump won after the polls predicted otherwise, so I really wanted to know what happened. I love campaign books and have read several. However, I've never read one written by the candidate. It was fascinating to hear the actual candidate's perspective.<br/><br/>I finished the book really liking and respecting her. If you like political books, this is a good one.
 Disclaimer : I didn't vote for Hillary, however I listen closely to her speeches and debates.<br/>Just finished reading " What happened " by Hillary Clinton.<br/>This book is riveting, well written and, surprisingly enough, made me laugh, sporadically !<br/>It must have been difficult for her to write something like this.<br/>Hillary crunches the numbers and extensively investigates the factors behind the innacuracies of most polls predictions.<br/>She also did rather a good job trying to understand the reasons for her defeat and  the sadness in her voice can be felt when she admitted that, no matter what, she will always be disliked by many.<br/>I loved the beginning and final chapters, middle ones where frustrating and almost imposible to follow because she decided to dive deep into a self pity ocean while proving to be really talented when it comes to playing the blaming game.<br/>I recommend you read this book...with caution.<br/>It may bring you closer to Hillary's mindset, filosophy and perspectives in life.<br/>It will then be up to you to determine if that is a good thing.
 Bad plot
 This has to be the most pathetic book ever.  My friend had a copy and I couldn't get past the first chapter.  Waster of money and it will be a waste of time, time you will never be able to recover.
 What happened? You lost. No need to write a book about it.
 It shows the real Hillary Clinton and her wonderful family.  The Clintons marriage is what marriage is about and should be an example to follow for all couples.
 “What Happened” is a well written, easily read chronicle of the 2016 presidential election.  Secretary Clinton reveals her heart and soul in this personal account of her attempt to become the first woman president of the United States.  Her positions are clearly presented and her voice is passionate and thoughtful.  Of course hindsight is 20/20, but my guess is that if the American voters could have read her book before the election, we would be calling her Madam President.
 We were robbed.
 This book is a fascinating look at not only the election, but also who Hillary really is.  It is a well-written and compelling.  I was most touched by her stories about her own mother and her daughter.  Thank you for sharing you thoughts and feelings with us.
 Through reading this, I am able to have some answers to how the election went horribly wrong. She doesn't promise that she knows exactly why things turned out the way it did, as she is as perplexed as everyone else. I found that I was able to see her as a warm and likable person and am able to relate to her. I so wish she was able to bring that part of her out for others to see before the election, and fervently wish that she were President now. I also see how much more critical women are of other women, where the focus is unforgiveness and hatred. More than anything, we shouldn't look for answers from the author, but within ourselves. What are we made of, are we free thinkers? What do we care about and will we fight for it- before it is all gone?
 I have just begun to read the book. It is keeping my attention and waiting to find out what happened next.
 What Happened is Hillary Clinton’s confession for her loss in 2016. It had been expected to be a blame game, but for the most part, it isn’t (though the long chapters showing what a wonderful campaign she thought she ran were at the beginning and turning people away). Besides from emails and Russia, it also discusses the working class anger, Democrat failure to appeal to the working class, and perhaps shows how what had made her so successful ultimately undermined her.<br/><br/>The composure, experience and knowledge were no longer useful during the 2016 campaign. Instead of solid framework, people preferred something grand. Instead of knowledge, they preferred something that answers to their anger. Instead of truth, they preferred lies that make people believe Hillary Clinton had child sex slaves in a Pizza shop.<br/><br/>And she couldn’t change. She knew why people hated her, but she couldn’t change what had brought to her this far in the past decades overnight. And would a change in personality, even if it had happened, have really helped?
 You don’t need to buy the book, just watch one of the many interviews Hillary has done since the election. In a nutshell: blame game.
 One sided 'blame game' book.
 A great book, so interesting..Loved it.i do not understand so many terrible comments.Hillary is just a intelligent person just like she was dating the campaign..how Trump can be trusted Iwill never know,
 I am not a verified purchaser, since I refuse to support HRC in any way financially. I faithfully waited to read it from the library.  Like many of the one and two stars reviews, I believe that the book was mistitled.  Much of the book dealt with her personal observations about the campaign; about her clothing wardrobe, her love of hot sauce, and her makeup makeover.  As many have stated, it was more of a memoir rather than a substantive analysis about her losing the 2016 presidential election.<br/><br/>Sadly, what little analysis she provided was very shallow and truly spun with her biases.  A common thread of her arguments was that the media was against her and was a major reason for her loss.  I found the 2016 election to be a very interesting time in our history, however, there was no independent news source to follow this event.  FOX was truly spewing for Trump while all the other major media outlets subtly or overtly aided HRC.<br/><br/>Again the one star is a result of failed expectations rather than a dislike for HRC. I have read other books about Trump's win and Clinton's loss and those were better by miles.  I was intrigued by what she could offer since she was a major player in this event, however, it would appear that she did not step back and reassess the last two years.<br/><br/>Sadly, it would appear that many negative reviews were deleted for some reason.  Had I purchased this book based upon the Amazon star rating, I would have been very unhappy. I only hope that the deleted reviews still figure into the average Amazon star rating.  This book is nowhere near four and a half stars.  The election of Trump, a Washington outsider and one with no political experience, should cause both parties to question their platforms and how their actions are affecting their base; with this book it would appear that many of the major players in the Democratic party aren't and are more concerned about impeaching Trump while the Republicans seem to think that Trump is a four year aberration.  Can't wait to see the mid-term elections to see who is right.
 Typical finger pointing and blaming everyone but herself. Some of the things that she thinks are to blame for her losing are out right ridiculous. I'm surprised she didn't blame aliens and little blue men from the planet Mars! Absolutely ridiculous and absolutely insulting for someone's intelligent.
 Wonderful book!! When you will read this you will fill that America wil be a great country again.
 Pure 100% grade A garbage.
 Loved it, even though my heart hurt to read it, Hillary takes you through the entire process of her election popular vote victory/electoral loss. Everyone thinks they assume they know someone in the public forum just because what the media tries to portray them as.
 Insightful Read from a courageous woman.  History will look kindly upon her and what she has accomplished. Regardless of what one may think of her, this story is worth reading with an open mind.
 OMG! Anyone who cares about anything should read this book. Republicans and Hillary haters should especially read it. Journalists especially need to study it.<br/>She evoked many tears, many tingling shivers and with almost every page serious deliberation about community, government and the meaning and purpose of life. She is a woman who has modeled a life of grace, purpose and determination to help others. I will never understand those who have vilified her but after reading her design for living, I am eager to listen to such voices, dialog with them and try to find common ground if it makes common sense. I do not understand God's will when it comes to events which seem so obviously contrary to traditional Christian values. But what is faith than putting one foot in front of the next when we don't understand or feel like events reward hate, greed, and division.
 As I read this, I feel like you and I are sipping coffee together and having a conversation. I wish you had showed this side of you during the campaign. Great read and highly recommended.
 This coming from someone who was removed from the house judiciary committee during Watergate for unethical behavior.
 Laughable attempt to save face and cling to the shreds of her political career.
 We still dont know what happened to Seth Rich, John Ashe, Shawn Lucas, etc do we.<br/>Thats why they had such an 'impeccable campaign'
 a book so lame and stupid it has to be witnessed. This should be the last straw for HRC.
 I laughed and cried.  This book tells us what happened from the candidate herself.  Highly recommend.
 I loved this book. I wish she would have been this relatable during the campaign. Open and honest with lots of insight.
 I'm not an HRC supporter in the least, but I was interested to read her take on things, so I ordered her book. I was disappointed, though not surprised, too see a lot of finger pointing and blame shifting. She makes it all the republicans' fault and never seems to believe that democrats have faults as well. In any event, it was an interesting read, even as I rolled my eyes at several things she said.
 Got a copy, couldn't pass the first 50 pages. God i'm happy we didn't get her as president...
 I don't understand how this book can have such a great rating with all these negative reviews. I bought the book myself and found it to be very confusing. Was it about WHY she lost the election or about Hillary herself? She blames other people for this loss, but never gets to the real core of the problem. She didn't really have a platform she was running on and many people just didn't trust her!
 I laughed, I cried. (Okay, I mostly cried.) Granted, Secretary Clinton had a lot of professional help putting her book together, but it still rang true to her own voice — that of an accomplished intellectual who has grown through every endeavor she has ever undertaken. Her sheer tenacity is to be admired, and her grace is without compare.<br/><br/>One of the things that makes memoir writing so difficult is how personal it is. With each page comes the choice of whether to disclose the most private of thoughts, feelings and experiences with an unknown reader; to chose whether to open oneself up to judgment or ridicule. But Clinton pulls the curtain back on her innermost struggles and challenges right alongside her gains and successes — and how she felt about all of them. Hers is not only a personal story, but an American story. It is a story worth telling, and certainly one worth reading.<br/><br/>Would that this book could make it into the hands of those who would benefit most from reading it — those for whom she was a champion even though they ignored or remained oblivious to her efforts. Lucky for us, she is not yet done “doing all the good she can,” for as many as she can, for as long as she is able. Ultimately, truth and goodness will prevail. But, as she writes, “every one of us has a role to play in defending our democracy and standing up for rational thought.” That has never been more true than today.
 the truth is all we want.
 One closes the book and is hungry for more.  She really opened  up more than one would expect. A must read for students of this election and for anyone facing heartbreak.
 Excellent revelations from a woman I admire more than most people.  This book shows her strength, weaknesses, and into her heart.  I did a lot of thinking while reading this book and it makes me sad and angry that she lost.  She was truly going to help this country.
 Excellent book by an incredible human being. This is a must read book by anyone who is interested in politics and truth. What Hillary has written in this book resonated with me deeply. I have always felt she is honest and has a big heart and this book validated that understanding. I feel strongly that someday soon we shall have a woman president, one who can feel and understand the people and works for people. Hillary made a huge sacrifice by running for president. even though she did not win, she was instrumental to bing to light many ills of the political landscape in our country. I do not consider myself a democrat or republican, i have voted for both and other parties, but shame on the republican party for selling our country and majority of the people here so they can gain power and more money. Please read the book because it will lift your spirit.
 This is very embarrassing to read.  She is such a liar.
 Only Hillary Clinton can give a full and accurate account of what happened during the 2016 Presidential election! And she did a BRILLIANT and forthright job.
 Excellent  Book  love  it well  written  I highly recommend it just love Hillary
 Hillary fails in the way many "memorists" do, she thinks her minutiae is more interesting than everybody  else's.  There is way, way toom uch about Hillary and not much at all about what really happened.  the high point of the book for me is that picture of the convention at the beginning.  All down hill from there.  I voted for Hillary.  So, I 'm certainly not a "deplorable".  This book is a sad bookend to her career.
 This book gives you a clear understanding of what really happened in the 2016 elections and gives us suggestions on how to avoid something like this in the future. I found this personally helpful with confronting my anger, disappointment, and despair. I believe this book will give others a chance to reflect on the decisions they made and learn from them so that we as a country can heal.<br/><br/>On a personal note to author, thank you for the service to our country and for me, you will always be the one that would have brought us together again. Thank you so much, William D.
 Thought provoking and real. The negative reviews here are simply coming from TrumpBots who are now bitter after realizing their pick is really just a scam artist out for himself.
 Cancel!!! I NEVER ORDERED THIS!!!
 Have you really listened to Hillary Clinton? Really heard her in her own voice? Have you heard from a woman who has been punched, beat up and kicked more in one day than most of us will have in a lifetime?<br/><br/>What Happened, especially the audio version, is like having a open and honest conversation with someone you have known for a long time but never really knew. You hear her voice; her pain; her joys; her regrets and her mistakes.
 RIP Seth Rich
 All I did was to "Look Inside" and I'm asking, "where was the editor for this book?" Everything squeezed in, no lines between paragraphs...what a messy editor job.  Very uncomfortable read!<br/><br/>Carole
 One of the few books that I've ever read where the question, and the problem that caused the question, is on the cover.  After that, everything else in this book is wasted filler.
 It didn’t take long to read this book but I’m glad I read it. Not being an American, I had been watching the 2016 election closely. I’m sure many non-Americans were watching as well.  I did find that the title could have been more appropriate since so much of the book was so private. Fortunately, that is what I wanted. I was glad to read more about of her life and aims. It’s so so so hard to believe that someone SO dedicated could possibly have lost to Donald Trump who had and, I think, will always live his life “selfishly” due to his humongous ego!  Voters obviously wanted “change” and, no kidding, that’s just what they got, for better or for worse!!!  Even though Hillary lost, don’t count her out. A life time of dedication will never return void and, in time, she will pick up her boxing gloves and get back in the ring. She is a great model for many young women coming up.  The little that she said about her husband, Bill, made me wonder at her love for him and I’m truly glad that they are still together. Forgiveness is a heroic choice in so many circumstances – rather than the usual norm of revenge – as we are seeing so often. Keep on truckin’ Hillary! I’m guessing life is<br/>not over for you!!!!
 You happened.
 Don't waste your  time reading this.
 Terrible. Blaming and huckstering. Where is the personal responsibility?
 Reading this book was like listening to a warm friend who shows the love and compassion but also the wisdom to help us all understand what she and we experienced in this flawed election.
 This was a very cathartic read after last November.  It was a quick read, very thoughtful, and it was really nice to hear things from her point of view. I definitely cried at random points throughout.  I'm gifting copies to my mom and sister.
 Don't listen to the negative reviews on here and BUY THIS BOOK!!  I found it very entertaining, insightful, informative, and very well told. After reading some of these reviews, I had second thoughts, but after I read it for myself I can see how people really have blinders on, STILL,  when it comes to this woman. "My turn"?  not once did I ever hear that uttered or even feel like it was implied. " It's everyone else's fault" ? I believe I heard her say somewhere between 10 and 20 times in the first 1/3 of the book alone that she takes responsibility. " Campaign was without flaws"? Heard her admit that her campaign WAS flawed a bunch of times, too. "Lacks substance and introspection"? Her introspection was the meat AND substance of this book.  Give it up, haters, this is an illuminating and historically imperative read.
 Go away Hillary just go away
 Thank you Hillary for writing this book. I think I will make sure I pass this one around to my friends. You would of made one hell.of a President!
 Blame game at it's finest.
 Love this book, helps to understand what happened in 2016 during the Presidential Election.  We know now that our votes were hacked by Russia.
 No words.
 It reads like fiction as is a dream.  I bought one for my mother in law so she can dream about what happened.
 This book is very poorly written. It's like she hired a college student as an editor. Clinton doesn't even comprehend the point of 1984 nor does she comprehend the american people and voters whose support she sought. She really blames everyone but herself. What kind of leader is that? Not only that but Clinton once said, "Every moment wasted looking back keeps us from moving forward." And the uttering of that quote contrasted with the impetus for writing this book totally sums up Clinton, the biggest hypocrite and liar the planet has ever known. How do people not see or keep track of the lies this woman oozes from her mouth. How do they not comprehend who this woman really is and what she has done? She has an excuse for everything and they are the worst excuses and lies. She often accuses her opponents, including obama when he was her opponent or Sanders, of the very things she is doing. Ever since her and husband came on the scene with their "I didn't inhale" insulting lies and excuses and oral sex isn't sex. it's just been one thing after another with the same level of moronic excuses that her fans actually buy!!! This woman should be in jail for a number of reasons. Her best friends and supporters are sex offenders from Jeffry Epstein to Harvey Weinstein to Anthony Weiner. She blamed homebuyers for the economic fallout while protecting her wall street cronies.She went after her husband's accusers in a ruthless way including slandering Lewinsky. From Kosovo to Syria, she has supported hardline islamic militants and been for sanctions that starved babies and people who were never a threat to our country. She made Libya fall and they now have actual slave markets!!! She's creating tomorrow's terrorists. Countless people around her have died in mysterious circumstances. Worse than anything else is her irresponsible server that leaked classified information to our biggest threats. Her leaked emails about libya were the most terrifying and revealing especially wanting to overthrow Assad. It's just too much to write about. Her strategy seems to be commit so many crimes and atrocities that it's hard to keep track.
 Didn't buy it, but tried to read a friend's copy.  I mean,  no wonder she lost.  What a stinker.
 In typical Hillary Clinton fashion this book makes excuses rather than taking full responsibility. She admits to mistakes but blames everyone except the Easter Bunny for her crushing defeat. Should be in the fiction section.
 Worst book, ever written.  Full of lies and a whiney excuse of a woman that just doesn't get it.
 Finally a chance to hear from her... without interruption and without media opening. Candid and heartfelt. Thank you Secretary Clinton, for sharing this, and for your lifetime of service. #Imwithher
 They should pay us $14.99 to read this drivel.
 Excellent: soul-bearing, insightful,  and surprisingly easy to read !
 Insightful &amp; reflective, this book is a personal account of what happened -- literally, and also a discussion of the policies (gasp!) and ideas of Hillary Rodham Clinton. It is well-written, at times almost conversational. You'll find her voice on every page. For those of us watching all that we have lost because of the Trump presidency, it is a reminder of what we could have had, a woman with vision and experience. I don't understand how anyone can say that she "blames everyone else." She quite clearly states "I blamed myself." But she also details some of the other factors -- from Sanders to Comey to Russian meddling that impacted the final outcome. Read the book yourself, and you will come away with a clearer knowledge of  what was lost, and what might have been.
 It's wonderful to get an inside look at the issues Hillary was dealing with during the election. This book seemed less reserved than she usually is, and even though there are some chapters that get boring bc she's talking about detailed policy issues (an endearing habit Hillary can't seem to break) I found a lot here I could identify with. She was going through the same things many women were during the campaign. I find her very inspiring. Hillary has been through so much and yet she doesn't let it stop her. Whenever I deal with difficulties in my own life, I ask myself: "What would Hillary do?" And the answer is always "Keep trying."
 Hillary blames everyone and accepts none of the blame herself
 great book and insight into "what happened" I really wished she had become president, but at least she gives us some perspectives on how to move forward.
 All of the negative reviews say the same buzzwords. Originality and constructive reviews are not on this page.<br/><br/>The book is a very easy read. The few anecdotes on why she pushed certain policies are great- the aging mother with dementia for parent care leave for example. Her love and pride for her daughter is really amazing to read; as another wrote, I too wish she came off this relatable during the campaign. As a policy analyst, I concluded that it is not a book on what happened technically, but it is how she felt and what happened TO her. I read it on two 1.5 hr flights. Stop reviewing HER with the repetitive buzzwords and actually review the book.
 I didn't think I was going to like this book as much as I did.  I got the audible version.  Her voice was very calming, surprised me!
 Extremely honest and interesting account of Hillary's experience in the presidential election.
 Life long independent. Hated the 2016 election as a whole. But wanted to give this a chance after seeing a lot of the passages coming out of this book in the news prior to it's release. The first 100 pages is utter, trite, idiocy. Whoever was her ghost writer, holy crap, she told them to make it schmaltzy. I do give her credit though for the criticisms of Bernie Sanders, I think she is actually spot on in her assessment of some the "pie in the sky" policies he was pushing that a lot of young people latched onto emotionally with not a lot of reason behind it. I also give her credit for doing this book when YOU KNOW the Democratic Party wants her to just shut the hell up. This book should have been 300 pages and dove right into the campaign. I would have given this a better rating but the first 1/4 of the book is just nonsense. Talking about how she thinks of Nancy Drew passages for daily inspiration.....really? Who are you kidding with this? I almost put a fork into it. BUT, it does start to get very, very interesting and you can tell where Hillary is making a lot of input with her opinions of Trump and her take on what happened.<br/><br/>Oh yeah....one more thing, be prepared to read about her blaming everyone in the universe for her loss. EVERYONE.
 this is a sad excuse for a book from a sad excuse of a women
 Vulnerable, strong, smart, full of integrity. The Hillary I have known for 30 years. It's a book that is important to hear her tell us her real self, then move us emotionally, then go policy nerd and really show what we are missing.<br/><br/>Read it!
 Not a good read.
 Awful. This woman should seek a mental professional and stop assaulting the public with threats that she'll run for public office.  How many times do we have to reject her before she takes the hint?
 This is nothing more than a pathetic attempt by Hillary to keep herself relevant. Don't waste your time or money on this tripe
 I've always been lukewarm to Hillary Clinton. But this book help me open my  eyes to her personality and who and what she reall is. A good read.
 I am reasonably certain that the majority of reviews for this title were written by people who have not read it. Harsh, but there it is. HRC inspires a tremendous amount of emotion in her supporters and haters, and this emotion extends to reviews of her new book.<br/><br/>HRC is a modern-day Rorschach test: a figure whose actual record, statements, and actions are less significant than what she represents to millions of Americans. A bold female leader, or power-mad political opportunist? Champion of the weak, or Wall Street lackey? Her actual strengths and weaknesses are nearly impossible to discern through the glare of internet comments. In the final analysis, one wishes people would stop posting for a couple of hours and actually read what the woman has to say.<br/><br/>But this is America in 2017, and nobody is going to do that.<br/><br/>It is not difficult to perceive why the media lambasted this book-- she indicts them for complicity in helping elect Donald Trump, and her case is strong. From its obsessive focus on her emails (remember that?), to its love-shock fest with Trump, the American media played a significant role in handing this election to Trump.<br/><br/>I'm sure the idiots in MAGA hats will have their say about this, but who cares what they think?<br/><br/>It's true that HRC deftly avoids or minimizes certain topics on which she is vulnerable. You will find lots of genuine statements on the plight of the working class here, but not a single mention of NAFTA. A passing reference to making paid speeches, but not a single mention of Goldman Sachs, much less the Financial Services Modernization Act passed by Bill Clinton in 1999 that paved the way for Wall Street's destruction of the global economy. She excoriates Republicans for continuing a prison-industrial complex system which she helped originally build.<br/><br/>Does this make her a fraud? Someone who deserves to be burned in effigy, as the Bernie Bros delighted in doing?<br/><br/>Hardly.<br/><br/>The fact is that HRC receives a much higher degree of scrutiny for her actions than other public figures-- even other public figures who have run for president. If you think she is a pawn for Wall Street, why not level the same charge against Obama, who promised to protect bank executives from public anger in the middle of the financial crisis they caused? If she is culpable for the incarceration of a generation of black men, what about the hundreds of other Democratic leaders in office who have done little to change things since the 1990's crime bill passed?<br/><br/>HRC offers a compelling, if unsurprising, reason for this double-standard: it's her gender. While such a claim may elicit everything from yawns to outrage, neither is an effective rebuttal. And the examples she cites from her years in public service effectively convince the reader that this issue remained the greatest unacknowledged factor in the race.<br/><br/>I wish more people would read this book instead of relying upon the media or other reviewers to distill it down for them. Whatever interpretation you have of the cipher that is HRC, it becomes increasingly hard to maintain when exposed to the complexity of the actual woman.
 Too much blaming
 This is the book Hillary will be remembered for.  It rings true.  No holding back as to her own flaws or the other circumstances.  As she writes in the book, historians will have to do the final analysis of this election.  But she has revealed herself with as much honesty as a human being can.  I learned so much about the circumstances surrounding the emails and Russian interference.  The restraint exercised by Obama and Clinton was extraordinary, but unfortunately we are now all paying the price for their self-control.  People who hate Hillary and live in their news silos need not read the book.  Her religious soul, her warmth toward friends and family, her patriotism and desire to give to others--the haters will call "fake news." I admired her before I read this book.  I admire her even more now.
 No need to actually read it - both question and answer are right there on the cover.
 You lost, is what happened!
 Love it. Easy read. Like having a conversation.
 I was not a hard core HRC supporter. Despite the criticisms of this book (and HRC), I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It seems clear that those who criticized this book have not read it. I found this book was well-written, conversational and showed a human side of Hillary. I recommend this to anyone who has an interest in politics
 She is a professional criminal that has always been protected. This book is full of lies!
 I bought this book at a used book store not on Amazon mainly because I wanted to have a good laugh.  Bottom line is:  We all know what happened.  Hillary is not a likeable or trustworthy person.  She lost because we the people didn't want her running out country.  I voted for Trump and I'm very happy that I did.
 Great book.  She's open, seems to say what she was really thinking.. an enjoyable read.  Sometimes funny.  Sometimes heartbreaking.
 GREAT BOOK
 Good to hear her. Honest and heartfelt.
 NOPE!
 I gave the book 5 stars, because for me I have truly enjoyed the book.I am not quite finished yet, I'm up to page 325. There were times I had to share a tear or two, because I know it was a devastating loss. There were times as I was reading the book I wanted to let her know that it was worth it.I texted one of my best friends and I said I wish I could have given Hillary a big hug. When I first started reading the book, I thought it was going to be solely about the election, and to a degree it was, but it also tells her story. It talks about her family life, with her husband, her daughter and grandchildren. It also talks about the causes she fought for such as the Flint Michigan water crisis, her devotion to children, and her fight to pass a bill for every child including those with disabilities to have the right to an education. She talks about the Clinton Foundation and the thousands of people it has helped. It was a touching story, meant to be read with an open mind of her relationship<br/>with her staff, and people she met along the way with real issues. I think her main regret was that she was grossly misunderstood. To me the book humanizes her, we forget that there is a real person listening to all the criticism. One part I did enjoy reading and just finished reading was the controversy over the emails. She best described the entire controversy as a mess, but she gives some further insight on how things developed. If you're looking to get an insight into Hillary, and understand her point of view, and to learn more about this great, and brave woman,then it will certainly be a great read.
 Excellent read and highly informative
 After reading some of the reviews I was skeptical about buying this book,  but I’m glad I did. Many people criticized the book (and HRC) for not assuming the responsibility for her losing the electorate vote (as she did win the popular vote)...but that is exactly what she covers in the very first page. I’m not sure what else the woman needs to do...other than self flagellate herself in a public plaza. I don’t recall any man in politics having to answer to so many questions and scrutiny. Those that can’t see the double standard here are not being truthful to themselves or others.,,or just too biased. Anyway, it was a good reading and the book is well written.
 What Happened by Hillary Rodham Clinton<br/><br/>“What Happened” is a genuine and revealing book of what happened during and after the 2016 presidential elections. Former Secretary of State, Senator, First Lady and most importantly presidential hopeful Hillary Rodham Clinton candidly provides readers with a unique view into all the factors that played into the surprising presidential results and its aftermath. This insightful 513-page book includes the following unnumbered sections: Perseverance, Competition, Sisterhood, Idealism and Realism, Frustration, and Resilience.<br/><br/>Positives:<br/>1. Heartfelt, engaging and professionally written book.<br/>2. A fascinating topic, what happened during the 2106 presidential elections from one of its protagonists.<br/>3. This books flows very well. It’s much better than I anticipated and she kept my interest throughout. I’m glad I read this book. Each section begins with section-appropriate quotes. “Do what you feel in your heart to be right—for you’ll be criticized anyway. You’ll be “damned if you do and damned if you don’t.” —Eleanor Roosevelt<br/>4. Despite what must have been a very difficult period to experience again, Hillary provides ideas of what happened while maintaining her integrity and somehow after the dust settles, manages to inspire.<br/>5. Offers constructive criticism and unlike some clueless reviewers she is fair in her criticism including, criticism to herself.<br/>6. Right from the get go, Hillary prepares the readers on what she views were the most important factors that led to her surprising defeat. “We can’t understand what happened in 2016 without confronting the audacious information warfare waged from the Kremlin, the unprecedented intervention in our election by the director of the FBI, a political press that told voters that my emails were the most important story, and deep currents of anger and resentment flowing through our culture.”<br/>7. Captures the essence of Trump by sharing this quote from Timothy Snyder, “To abandon facts is to abandon freedom. If nothing is true, then no one can criticize power, because there is no basis upon which to do so. If nothing is true, then all is spectacle.”<br/>8. Trump as one would expect is also plays an important role in this book. “When people start believing that all politicians are liars and crooks, the truly corrupt escape scrutiny, and cynicism grows.”<br/>9. I’m editorializing here but it’s my contention that Hillary Rodham-Clinton is the most unfairly maligned politician in my lifetime. “One thing I’ve learned over the years is how easy it is for some people to say horrible things about me when I’m not around, but how hard it is for them to look me in the eye and say it to my face.”<br/>10. Provides an excellent defense of the Clinton Foundation’s work. “The foundation is also fighting the opioid epidemic in the United States; helping more than 150,000 small farmers in Africa increase their incomes; and bringing clean energy to island nations in the Caribbean and Pacific.”<br/>11. A look at Comey’s influence on the election. “My team battled serious headwinds to win the popular vote, and if not for the dramatic intervention of the FBI director in the final days, I believe that in spite of everything, we would have won the White House.”<br/>12. Provides truly interesting insights of the campaign including all the preparation time required for the debates.<br/>13. On what it’s like to be the first woman running for president. Great insights! “I passionately believe that the only way we’re going to get sexism out of politics is by getting more women into politics.” “I met with my friend Sheryl Sandberg, the chief operating officer of Facebook, who has thought about these issues a great deal. She told me that if there was one thing she wanted everyone to know from her book Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead, it’s this: the data show that for men, likability and professional success are correlated. The more successful a man is, the more people like him. With women, it’s the exact opposite. “ Bonus, “Sheryl shared another insight: that women are seen favorably when they advocate for others, but unfavorably when they advocate for themselves.”<br/>14. The key differences between Bernie and Hillary. “I was dismayed when Bernie Sanders dismissed Planned Parenthood as just another part of “the establishment” when they endorsed me over him. Few organizations are as intimately connected to the day-to-day lives of Americans from all classes and backgrounds as Planned Parenthood, and few are under more persistent attack.”<br/>15. The Access Hollywood tape. “I don’t have a lot to say about the Access Hollywood tape that hasn’t been said. I will just note that Donald Trump is gleefully describing committing sexual assault. That got somewhat lost in the shock of it all. Too many people focused on his boorishness—such a crude man, so vulgar. True. But even if he were the height of elegance and graciousness, it wouldn’t make it okay that he’s describing sexual assault.”<br/>16. Insights into her family life. “A friend is the one who comes in when the whole world has gone out.”<br/>17. A look at some hot button issues like the NRA. “After the massacre of nine parishioners at Mother Emanuel Church in Charleston, South Carolina, in June 2015, my team focused on why the twenty-one-year-old white supremacist killer was able to buy a gun despite having an arrest record that should have been flagged by the required background check. We found that, under current law, if a background check is not completed after three days, a store is free to sell a gun with no questions asked. This is the result of an amendment the NRA designed and pushed through Congress during the debate over the Brady Bill in 1993. Experts say that more than fifty-five thousand gun sales that should have been blocked have been allowed to proceed because of what we started calling the “Charleston loophole.” I made closing it and other gun loopholes a major part of my campaign.”<br/>18. Shares some of the most irresponsible attacks against her. “In August 2016, he told a rally in North Carolina that if I were elected President, there’d be no way to stop me from appointing liberal justices to the Supreme Court. Well, he said, maybe the “Second Amendment people” might find a way to stop me. Many of us took that to mean: maybe someone would shoot me.”<br/>19. Her core beliefs. “The one core belief I’ve articulated more often and more fervently than any other in all my years in public life is that every child deserves the chance to live up to his or her God-given potential.”<br/>20. There is a lot of wisdom in this book. “Joe Biden likes to say, “Don’t tell me what you value. Show me your budget, and I’ll tell you what you value.””<br/>21. Discusses her own failures. “I failed to convince the press that economics was more important than emails.”<br/>22. Interesting new ideas to ponder. “Like taxing net worth instead of annual income, which would make our system fairer, reduce inequality, and provide the resources to make the major investments our country needs.”<br/>23. Some quotes or thoughts stick with you. ”When people feel left out, left behind, and left without options, the deep void will be filled by anger and resentment or depression and despair about those who supposedly took away their livelihoods or cut in line.”<br/>24. Her frustrations on those damn emails. “Then you hear that one issue dominated press coverage and public debate in that race more than any other. “Climate change?” you ask. “Health care?” “No,” your teacher responds. “Emails.””<br/>25. Captures all the ups and downs of the campaign. “The Post went on: “There is no equivalence between Ms. Clinton’s wrongs and Mr. Trump’s manifest unfitness for office.””<br/>26. The three plausible explanations for the budding Trump-Putin “bromance.”<br/>27. Goes through the steps of what the Russians did and how the U.S. government responded. “Interestingly, the Russians made a particular effort to target voters who had supported Bernie Sanders in the primaries, including by planting fake news on pro-Sanders message boards and Facebook groups and amplifying attacks by so-called Bernie Bros.”<br/>28. The steps to help us get back on track. “Fourth, we need to beat back the assault on truth and reason here at home and rebuild trust in our institutions. Tim Cook, CEO of Apple, has called for “a massive campaign” against fake news.”<br/>29. The factors that decided the election. Great stuff.<br/>30. Ends on an uplifting note.<br/><br/>Negatives:<br/>1. Lacks visual supplementary material that would have complemented the excellent narrative. No charts, no timelines, no electoral maps to compare.<br/>2. At over 500 pages, this book requires an investment of your time.<br/>3. Some redundancy.<br/>4. Hillary is a wealth of information; I wished she had added a formal bibliography for reference sake.<br/>5. Lack of references to main sources via notes or links.<br/><br/>In summary, my heart goes out to the most misunderstood and most unfairly maligned candidate in my lifetime. Hillary does a wonderful job of capturing what must have been the most excruciating election results ever and worse to lose to a candidate that clearly is unfit to be president. This book is insightful, heartfelt and ultimately hopeful. The book gets five stars because Hillary kept my interest throughout and was able through all her pain remain hopeful and inspirational. I hope one day, we will give Hillary Rodham Clinton the respect and due she deserves. I highly recommend this book!<br/><br/>Further suggestions: “Stronger Together” and “Hard Choices” by Hillary Clinton, “We’re Still Right, They’re Still Wrong: The Democrats’ Case for 2016 by James Carville, “The Divide” by Matt Taibbi, “A Call to Action” by Jimmy Carter, “Why the Right Went Wrong” by E.J. Dionne, “A Fighting Chance” by Elizabeth Warren, and “American Amnesia” by Jacob S. Hacker.
 Candid inside look at Mrs. Clinton's feelings, values, dissatisfaction, and disappointments, along with hopes for the future.
 Raw, real and amazing.  What could have been haunts me.
 I already voted for Hillary. But reading this, I know for sure that she would have made a splendid president.
 This book ain't worth the read at all it was just a waste of time
 This book is exactly what it's titled: What Happened. It's a detailed and exhaustive debriefing of the election and the events and life circumstances leading up to it. Read by HRC, it's a personal account of the most volatile election season in history. Often times, HRC comes across as a careful, thoughtful, and intelligent woman who is fed-up with the impossible cultural limitations and expectations on women. She was a woman who tried to walk a perfect line and found that there was none: If I stepped left, they criticized me; so I stepped right, they criticized me; then I went center and they criticized me. It's all too relatable and sometimes difficult to listen to. HRC holds no punches when discussing some of the more despicable aspects of the election. While it can be hard at times to hear, HRC threads a message of hope throughout. "To all the women and girls...never doubt that you are valuable and powerful &amp; deserving of every chance &amp; opportunity in the world."
 Arrived on time and the book is excellent.  Don't believe all the trolls that say it isn't.  Please read this important book.
 It was nothing but crap! All lies!
 Useful and interesting but often skirts the issues- what impact did the foreign meddling have on the campaign staff? Why did the campaign not go public about the meddling?
 What happened? America decided it was in their best interest to chose a sexist, misogynistic, orangutan over you, Hillary. And they werent wrong. You were worse.
 Honest, thoughtful, well-written reflection on possibly the weirdest campaign and most unexpected election outcome in U.S. history.
 Hillary literally says, multiple times, "I was the candidate, it was my campaign, I lost, it was my fault". The fact that this still isn't enough for so many people prove that our society has many deeply rooted issues, on both sides of the aisle - from Bernie bros to RWNJ's.
 I promised a liberal family member I would make an effort to read this book (that they purchased). Only got through about 2/3 before I could not take any more whining and excuses. Unless it was all saved for the last few chapters, there is nothing about her own and her campaign's shortcomings, like her inability to connect with voters, lack of energy or mistakes her campaign made in pretty much ignoring democrat blue-collar voters.<br/><br/>I was generally interested in how a presidential campaign could blow such a huge lead. But nothing new here - just more finger pointing and  "somebody else's fault."
 I learned a lot from this book - thank you for fixing the rating system on this book amazon.  Government has way too much control
 I bought the audio version of this book, which Hillary Clinton reads herself. I have found myself totally engrossed and caught up in this book. I wish Americans could have seen this side of her prior to the election. The book humanizes her and shows her warm, compassionate, caring personality. To the right wingers who have tried to pan the book without reading it - I suggest you eat some humble pie and read it. It might open your eyes to what this country could have been.
 Everyone should read this book.  Everyone: people who love Hillary, people who hate Hillary, people who love Trump, people who hate Trump.  This book is important, an honest and thorough discussion of too much than I can list here.  Just, read it.  It's the most important book I've read in decades.  It left me enraged, heartbroken, and inspired.  It will survive the tests of history.
 HRC writes from the heart in this fascinating account of the debacle of our last election. If anyone who calls themselves moral and/or Christian, anyone who professes to hate her, anyone who is a purity progressive would bother to read this book, they would quickly learn that Hillary Clinton is the most moral among us. Selflessly service oriented, brilliantly capable of assembling multiple progressive policies, Hillary's compassion and empathy are deeply embedded in each page. There is no denying the data and evidence that a handful of toxic man babies derailed the candidacy of the most qualified candidate in history. Hillary Clinton would have been a fantastic president. And I firmly believe she is the legitimate president.
 Marvelous book in every respect. Insightful, full of venom, clear and polished, utterly lacking in humor. Having finished it, I am infinitely glad that she was not elected. Worth every penny - used copy.
 The criticisms of this book teach me one thing; don't bother writing a bio because your words will be dissected, misinterpreted, biasly judged, and negatively received.  Yes, Hillary Clinton doesn't immediately get to what happened because she doesn't egotistically assume that her audience has read her previous books or doggedly followed her decades in the public spotlight.  Or perhaps, considering what her life of public service HAS generated in media reporting, she wanted to refresh, supplement, confirm or correct the facts before she aligned the reader with the trajectory of this insane election.<br/><br/>This enlightening book was everything I'd expected and hoped it would be in both content and presentation.  Hillary doesn't wallow in self-pity or self-righteousness, and she doesn't place blame beyond those whose actions clearly deserve to be called out.  Hillary wrote this book with the same high level of intelligence, integrity, graciousness, good humor, thorough research of facts, and levelheaded contemplation with which she lives her life.  Funny.  Those are essential attributes of a good president.  Too bad America chose not to have any of them this time.
 I don’t understand how this book has 4.7 out of 5 stars with all of these 1 star reviews. How does that math work out?
 Suprisingly witty in spots.  Makes her 3 dimensional.
 Justice is "what happened"
 More brilliant than I expected-which is surprising. I cried thru half of it but still left me empowered to create change.
 All the 5-start reviews are either Hillary bots, or nincampoops payed by Amazon to favor this treasonous pile of filth. With the 5-star comments having like 50 likes, and the 1-star comments having like 18k likes, it’s obvious how abhorrent this miserable attempt to justify herself is.
 Good cure for insomnia, otherwise, save your money.
 Great read and a great person
 Well written. Good justification for her policies. It was inspirational.
 Arrived promptly and a great read
 A false narrative of Hillary Clintons involvment in the 2016 election and massive loss to Pres. Donald Trump.
 It's exactly the read you think it will be - carefully laid out, with great thought poured into all of it.
 A must read! This is far from what the negative reviews claim. This isn't about blame everyone except herself. She blames herself in this book and talks about them in detail.
 I loved hearing from her. I really needed to hear her message, and her plans. I am inspired!<br/>Highly recommended reading!!
 Narcissism at it’s finest. Whether liberal or conservative, who in their right mind actually believes that poor Hillary got such a raw deal and none of it her fault? Like she said on the Benghazi testimony, “...what difference, at this point, does it make?”
 I grabbed this from the local library, since I would never give my hard earned money to the head of a crime family. She sounds like a whiny Obama, as nothing is her fault. What a pathetic individual. The book is well edited though.
 I'm so glad I read Hillary's book , very heart felt . What ever the bad reviews are please don't listen to them . This woman put up with a lot of B.S. from this election. This woman did more good to all . Very disappointed in how our  elected officials treated Hillary . Gun shop owners hanging pictures up of her with  bull's-eyes  to shoot her . It's terrible the respect that she got .<br/>I'm so proud I voted for her but more important I'm from Chicago / Park Ridge Illinois area and we turned Blue for Hillary. Thank you for all of what you have done .
 Nothing new. Nothing we haven't heard on CNN
 Every woman needs to read this, regardless of your political affiliation.  Clearly as a nation, we are going backward.  "Sad"
 Heartfelt and interesting
 What Happened to Hillary's indictment?
 HRC is a good writer. This book made me cry, laugh, and dare to dream that we can become a better country. I was surprised by that last bit.
 This is a great read! I found it very inspirational and honest. It's beautifully written and authentic. I especially loved the conclusion and the reference to emeralds. Thank-you, Hillary, for writing this book.
 This book sucked
 I went into to this book thinking her words would be solely biased but I came out learning a lot about the issues of the campaign trail and election and why thinks happened the way they did.
 If you are a Democrat and voted for Mrs. Clinton in the 2016 election, you will enjoy this thoughtful and engaging take on the election.<br/><br/>If you hate her, you will hate this book.  She won’t change your mind.
 Dont buy. The title is misleading. Absolute garbage. She blames everyone except herself. Just save your money there are much better books
 Not a fan of the book!  Clearly just Looking for money!  Save yours!  We all know<br/>What happened, she wasn’t the best candidate!
 Her arrogance is what beat her!
 As bad as her campaign. In short Donald J. Trump is what happened. What a waste! I am more sorry I voted for her!
 The one-star reviews that dismiss the book as merely complaining clearly have not read the book.  Yes, any serious discussion of the 2016 campaign will mention Comey and the Russians, but this book, grounded in recent history, does not look back in bitterness so much as it looks forward to the tasks that confront us now.<br/><br/>This book is not just for the tens of millions of Hillary supporters. I would think that any Hillary-hater who might be reflective enough to wonder how they came to hate, so completely and intensely, someone they never met, would find it interesting to match their perspective against hers.<br/><br/>Those of us who followed her life-long work for children and families, were astounded that a young man, saying he cared deeply for children, would believe that she was running a child pornography ring out of a pizza parlor.  What led a man who said he cared about children to drive hundreds of miles from his home, barge into the pizza parlor and, heavily armed, terrify families enjoying pizza?  It is one thing to disagree with specific policies Hillary has proposed, but who was spreading such information to millions of well-meaning voters just before the election?  The point is not to look back, but to look forward.  It could happen to another candidate in the future in either party.  “You don’t have to agree with my take.  But counter with evidence, with a real argument.  Because we have to get this right.”  We all must unite to protect our democracy.<br/><br/>She explores thoughtfully the difference between having effective, practical, well-researched policy proposals ready to hit the ground running after an election, and having an effective message in a campaign, conceding “When people are angry…they don’t want to hear your ten-point plan to create jobs and raise wages. They want you to be angry too.”<br/><br/>In spite of the bitter campaign, there actually is a chapter entitled “Love and Kindness”!  When thinking back to the time before her husband decided to run for President, she said “What was missing…was a sense that our lives were part of some greater effort, that we were all connected to one another and that each of us had a place and purpose.”  While the book does give us a candidate’s perspective on events in the campaign, from deciding to run and to announce that run at a site honoring FDR, to writing an acceptance speech for the nomination, it is very much a forward, not backward-looking book.<br/><br/>The book gives her up close description of forces tearing our country apart, threats to democracies here and abroad, but also constructive ways to pull together within our communities.  On p. 373 she says, “The same way you try to be careful  when choosing] the car you buy, be careful and informed with your vote.  And we all have the ability to break out of echo chambers and engage with people who don’t agree with us politically.  We can keep an open mind and be willing to change our minds from time to time.  Even if our outreach is rebuffed, it’s work it to keep trying.  We’re all going to share our American future together=---better to do so with open hears and outstretched hands than closed minds and clenched fists.”<br/><br/>And she includes valued quotes from others, such as this from Pope John XXIII: Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what is still possible to do.<br/><br/>Onward, together.
 Ugh
 Full of blame and excuses.
 The first book I've seen (so far) with a book title that answered it's own question.
 Made me feel sad and sorry for Hillary Clinton.  Many people fail in life, with specific goals and dreams, but rarely do we see what follows is total and utter blame on everybody and everything but themselves.  Of course there is the old and proven adage, failures lead to learning opportunities and learning leads to success.  In the end, Hillary continues to fail to recognize the true demons that prevented her success - herself.  Values remain consistent throughout life - they don't change with each new focus group.  Hillary should write another book . . . a come to Jesus book and outline and acknowledge her many mistakes that railroaded what could have been an historical career.
 Love her!!!
 If you'd like to know what happened in 2016 read The Making of a president. By Rodger Stone. That's the inside story you won't get from the mainstream left or right.
 horrible
 What Happened?  The American Public did not want HRC as their president.  There were two terrible choices but HRC was the worst of the two choices.  Save yourself a lot of wasted time reading this.
 😂
 Manipulation of all facts and evidence.
 I'm a long time fan of HRC and still am. But, from an objective standpoint as a piece of writing I did not find this book particularly good. At many points it seems to drag on as a long list of details or accomplishments. I enjoyed the personal anecdotes she scattered throughout as it was fun to get some insight into her life. I think if I wasn't already a fan I probably wouldn't get a lot of use out of this book.<br/><br/>It is written in an easy to read style and you can move through the chapters relatively quickly. Despite the fact that you might get a little bit bored at some points.
 Wonderfully written, well priced, and arrived on time. Will buy a few more for local libraries. Important historical perspective for everyone a memoir of an American hero, and enjoyable.<br/>Fascinating "day in the life" guidebook for women who want to run for office.
 Detailed, relevant, and interesting read.  Good historic content and instructive for future generations.  She truly paved the way.
 What Happened addresses more than the events that led to Hillary Clinton's Electoral College loss of the 2016 Presidential Election.  It is Hillary Clinton's account not only of why she thinks she is not in the White House today, but also what was happening in the country at the time.  She also takes the time to briefly explain why she got into politics in the first place. She explains what happened to make her decide to run again for President in 2016, what happened on the campaign trail, what happened on election night and what happened after she lost the election. Finally what's been happening since and what she hopes to make happen in the future.  The book is an engaging, thoughtful, and captivating look into the motivations, beliefs, views, and opinions of one of the great (my opinion) and most controversial women in the history of the United States.<br/><br/>Some of it is very hard reading if you are, as I am, a great admirer of Hillary Clinton. To re-visit one of the most divisive elections in US history, and to see the unfair way she was treated by the media, and the people who did not support her on both the Right and the Left.  To revisit the E-mail scandal, the bewildering actions of James Comey, and the Russian interference was not, at all pleasant.  However, Hillary's voice and writing style carries the reader through it all and tempers the unpleasantness as she shares her thoughts on it, with her wry (but not bitter) humor. A wit that, I believe is a testament to her strength of character as she looks back on what was clearly a devastating loss for herself, and for millions of her  supporters.<br/><br/>The other parts of her book--sharing her mother's story, Hillary's work with the Children's Defense League , lifelong passion and support for the rights and advocacy of women and children, her vision and plans for what she would have done had she won the Electoral College and become President (a sane voice--to be sure--in what is now a sea of lunacy!), and her vision for the future was much more uplifting to read. I had honestly never considered what a day in the life of Hillary Clinton might be like, but she says many have wondered and so she includes it here.  I'm glad she did because though I hadn't been particularly curious about that previously, I found it very interesting to read nonetheless.  I think including that makes her more relatable to all but the most rabid Hillary detractors.<br/><br/>Ultimately, the book, though it takes the reader through parts that may be very hard and painful to revisit, is one about overcoming what happened last November. It is about being resolute to still fight to make a difference and do what one can to overcome what many of us see as very dark times for this country.  How she did and does do it, and how we--who support her and love this country--should.  She very honestly admits her mistakes in the campaign; sometimes being harder on herself than I think she should be, in retrospect.  I understand why that's necessary, though.  I loved this book and I am very glad I purchased it. I would recommend it to anyone who is trying to make sense of what happened in the campaign, election, and what is happening now!  I'm sure I will be re-reading, and using it as a reference in the future.  It is a great read full of sage advice, honest reflection, and a great deal of thought from a woman who has resisted and persisted long before those were hashtags and t-shirt slogans.  She is an inspiration to us all!
 This was the book that was missing in my life. I could not listen fast enough. And the audiobook (that she narrates) was the cherry on top.
 Her, bill and Obama and Comey...... going to the big house
 This book help me to see why she lost
 If I could have given it one star, I would. What a terrible, pathetic book.
 What Happened? The front cover tells you all you need to know.
 Lies,lies,lies and some  more lies.
 This did not tell what happened. I was looking for more information and felt this book was more a personal counseling session made into a book.
 I have heard better excuses from a 3-year-old
 HERE IS A SUMMARY OF EVERYTHING I HAVE DONE IN MY LIFE MAKING ME POSSIBLY THE MOST QUALIFIED PERSON IN HISTORY EVER TO RUN FOR PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES SO WHY DID I LOSE? WHAT HAPPENED?<br/><br/>.I listened to this book as an audio book from my public library.  I voted for her even though I would have rather had a different candidate to vote for. One thing other reviewers have focused on is her sense of entitlement  that is was her turn to win and this really comes through even though at one point she said she has a hard time talking  about herself.<br/><br/>This book  is worth reading  just to  her take on all the reasons  it wasn't  really her fault she lost but get it from the library or borrow someone else's copy I'm  sure they wouldn't want it back  at least I wouldn't.
 Terrible read
 Well written and is honest.
 Just finished listening to this 14 CD book read by Secretary Clinton. I'll admit upfront, I'm biased. She still is the most qualified candidate ever to run for President of the United States. In this book Secretary Clinton not only looks at mistakes made by herself, her campaign, the Democratic party and the media, but she also calls out those behind the scenes who worked to elect her opponent from across the sea and from our own shores. She also spends a good amount of time laying out what she sees as the possibilities for tomorrow. I loved hearing her story, warts and all, in her own voice, but at times it also broke my heart. Upon completion I am more with her than ever. "Resist, insist, persist, enlist"
 This book is a bunch of excuses.
 I haven’t loved Hillary’s other writing, so I was surprised to like this one. Honestly, though, she offered cogent analysis and wrote with feeling. Compared with other books by public figures, this one was quite good. If you still feel blindsided by the 2016 election, you could do worse than read this book.
 Worth a read - Like her or not, Hillary is a brilliant and experienced lady. This book was a nice addition to my library.
 Phenomenal. And heartbreaking. But inspirational.
 Waaaa waaaa waaaa...... blames everyone but herself. Lies and trash. Show us your emails Hitlery!
 I just finished the book and thought it was great! It helped put the pieces together that were missing with why "It Happened". I wish she would have shared more of her stories with the American public as people would have seen her as more "likable". I voted for her and was upset and shocked at the outcome of the election! It is sad that our country can't handle having a female president and preferred to put a sociopathic narcissist into power!!
 A great account of what happen, how Hillary is handling her loss and what she see's caused it.
 I stayed up way too late last night reading this book, while both laughing and crying. Yes, it's traumatic to re-live the infuriating hypocrisy, double standards and disappointments of the 2016 U.S. presidential election. But this book will also inspire you. While she may never be president, Secretary Clinton has accomplished so much, and touched so many lives. If she can do it, so can you. She's also funny and I'd love to just hang out with her. This is a must read for everyone, no matter their politics or gender.
 HRH comes across as a nice person.
 Great book. Was feeling and thinking a lot of the same things in the book. Much Respect. Thank you.
 junk
 What Happened: Hillary Clinton<br/><br/>Sometimes in order to move forward we need to take several steps back and reevaluate situations that we might not have any control over any more but revisit them to understand how to move ahead in the future. Candidates run for President and of course one will win and the rest will lost. Hillary Clinton’s journey to become the first woman President might have resulted in a lose due to the lack of electoral votes needed to win the election but the American people sent out a message that might not have been heard as loud as it should have been that they would have preferred her as our President as she won the popular vote. Dealing with the loss in own way and feeling angry, upset and wondering what she could have done differently Senator Clinton takes us through it all from start to finish helping readers understand her mindset from the start leading up to her concession speech wearing gray and purple. Trump’s White House victory or some would say upset, sent her in a tailspin but her speech was given with class, dignity and her head held high. In this quite revealing and telling what I consider a political journey rather than a memoir even though she includes her childhood, her schooling and her political background, taking the role as the main character and hearing her voice readers will understand her thinking, rationale and why she wore gray and purple. It was what she wanted to wear to Washington had she won the election on her first trip as President Elect.<br/>There are many schools of thought regarding this book as some think the author is blaming her others for her loss, complaining and sharing her views on what she endured. Rethinking about her team, her strategies and what she could have done differently the book centers around her campaign, her views about the opposition but I am going to focus on what strengths she shares and what positive qualities she has that might have made her a great woman president. As she shares one viewpoint or mindset as former president Nixon, they both were committed to win, never giving up and understanding the meaning of defeat. Ambition is at the heart of her personality and helping others was something she did to promote women’s health, women in the workplace and reminding us of the many conversations she had with President Obama who was one of her strongest advocates.<br/>The interview with Matt Lauer blindsided her and rather than allowing her to talk about policies that would help foster greater healthcare, education reform, more jobs or anything of value he hit her with her emails and spent too much time hacking away at her that I would agree that balance was not the end result as Trump came on the questions were tempered.<br/>Relaxing by doing yoga, breathing exercises and just rethinking and reworking ideas the reader understands her frustrations as she tells us about speaking with Black Lives Matter trying to come out with some positive ways to work together and listening to mothers who lost children to senseless killings and bringing the issue of gun control to the forefront. Rather than focusing on the negative and trying to have a one for one contest with Trump who was making it known how he was going to make America Great again was sure he was going to take the Electoral College and get the majority of the votes, Senator Clinton focused on how she was going govern as President, thinking about Cabinet candidates, possibly more living quarters for her staff if she won the election. It’s hard for anyone to believe that the voters would fall for what the other candidate was saying and that it often seemed as many have said that Trump was running his own reality show and wanted to win high ratings as if it were another episode of the Apprentice. Issues like civil rights, women’s rights, pro choice, pro-family and pro-health reform and human rights were at part of the forefront of what she was trying to impart to the American people. Her only competition might have been Elizabeth Warren and she stated if she put her hat or hand in the ring she would not have been her challenger. Dubbing Warren and calling others like her SHRILL or unlikeable because they wanted a position that most thought belonged to a man.<br/>Anger is normal, screaming and shouting not uncommon or unwarranted and yet she came within 100,000 votes of the White House and I am glad she decided not to take Xanax to temper her anger.<br/>A primary focus she stated on page 46 was to give an honest accountant of her mistakes and a great question is asked: Are you flawed? What do you do about your flaws? Do you learn from your mistakes so you can do better in the future? Explaining how and why she got started and creating what she felt were a great team in order to have the best possible advisors and most experienced people to help run her campaign. Detailing her team and enlisting the aid and advise of President Obama, Chuck Schumer and other notable people the candidate realizes that she had a rough road ahead and although the papers might not support her at first or comments that were negative were made she held her head up high and kept going in order to reach her ultimate goal the Presidency of this great nation. A presidential campaign she compares creatively to a marathon run at the pace of a sprint. Even President Obama drilled this point into her that she needed to make sure that she does not or did not burn out. Pacing is the key. Formulating her days and making sure she was on task and on target she sets out with an organized course of action.<br/>The debates were well rehearsed and the topics researched and different members of her team played many roles including some had to be Trump. But, Trump as you will learn and many realize just from some of the media shots when walking with members of his own family, you realize that at times his goal is to demean women and anyone who dares to disagree with his viewpoints.<br/>Women in politics have a harder role and we need our politics she states on page 141 to resemble our people. Explaining in simple terms that, “when the people who run our cities, states and country overwhelmingly have a shared background (wealthy, privileged) we end up with laws and politics that don’t come close to addressing the realities of American lives.”<br/>The chapter that really hit me the most was the one titled Turning Mourning into a Movement, which focuses on mothers who lost children to gun violence or in encounters with police officers. Some of the women whom she met at the homey Sweet Maple Café, shared their stories and would form a traveling sisterhood: community centers onstage at the Democratic National Convention. The stories they shared really touched her and this reviewer as you read them in detail on pages 174-176. As a presidential candidate she ends the chapter by stating that she worked with civil rights advocates and law enforcement leaders to develop solutions that would help, form body cameras to new training guidelines fro de-escalating tense situations. It is vital she states to understand the effects of systemic racism that young black and Latino men and women face every day, and how they are made to feel like their lives are disposable. As an educator that worked in an inner city school in the Bronx the one thing my students realized that I would never stand for any racial comments or slurs and the respect I received from them is what they received from me.<br/>Guns and gun control are discussed and led to a heated discussion when dealing with the NRA. The politics of funs she states have been toxic for a long time. In 1990, Bill Clinton fought to have a ten-year ban on assault weapons and the Brady Bill, which, for the first time, required background checks on many gun purchases at federally licenses firearms dealers. But, in the coming years the law was blocked and the NRA funded an intense backlash to the new safety measures and helped defeat many of the democrats. More explanations follow and a discussion about Cassie Bernall who was asked by one of her student killers if she believed in GOD and when she replied Yes he shot her.<br/>On page 167 the author relates that Trump from the inception of his campaign did everything he could to ingratiate himself with the gun lobby, which may have been wary that a NY billionaire with a history of being sympathetic to gun country wouldn’t be a natural ally. Forcing schools to allow guns in the classroom. Eight students and one professor were killed at Umpqua Community College in Roseburg, Oregon and all Trump called the attack horrible but did not seem to think anything could be done about it and I quote he said: You’re going to have these things happen, in a flippant way.”<br/>The interview with Lauer needs more attention and discussion as he started out with at statement regarding judgment and closed with blindsiding her with the emails which I am not going to even touch. Balance once again makes sense in an interview and if Matt Lauer intended to ask Trump hard questions he had to make a show of grilling her first. Lauer harbored on her emails, not talking about North Korea, Iranian nuclear agreement of any major issues that would highlight her qualifications to help her win the election. I am also not going into Comey and Russia and the connection and the election it’s been done and overdone by many commentators and reviewers.<br/>Focusing on the positive had she become president here are the points that many missed: First she states we need the biggest investment in good jobs since WWII including a massive infrastructure program. Next, to make the economy fairer, we need new rules and incentives to make it easier for companies to raise wages and share profits with their workers and harder for them to ship jobs overseas and bust unions. Next she states we need to modernize workforce protections with higher minimum wages, equal pay for women and paid family and medical leave and finally we can pay for all of this with higher taxes on the top one percent. She continues with her discussions with Bernie Sanders where on some issues they agree and others they don’t. Throughout the campaign Clinton handled herself with dignity and class even when giving her concession speech. What Happened: The American people in majority voted for her as President but the Electoral vote count did not meet the proper majority for her to win. What Happened: Hillary Clinton blazed the trail for other women to seek top government positions and positions in companies.
 Here is what happened she was a poor candidate for the democrats and had to cheat and lie her way past Bernie Sanders. Socialist Bernie would have beaten Trump but Hillary’s ego was too much. America is in a better place without her running this country. With Trump we have found out the true corruption that is going on in government.
 excuses
 Take responsibility for your actions.
 When I laugh, it happens.  When I cough, it happens.  When I sneeze, it happens.
 Waste of time and money!<br/>I took the time to read this book because I thought it would give me perspective on everything that happened last year. However, she really doesn’t stick to the main issues. It seems like Hillary honestly wanted to sell books rather than tell the truth. Also, a large portion has nothing to do with the election.
 The book exposes a terrible person that should be locked up.  Bad Book!
 I didn't buy this on Amazon , it was a door prize. It had to be they hated the book. It was boring , slow , and had no answers or plot. I will never feel sorry for Hilary but any other author  I would. If I liked. Hilary , I would still hate the book. This book is going to be my nasty Santa gift. Why did I read that pity party book? Trying to be open minded, free! It was not worth my time. Another reason for Hilary to hide is this book.
 The real president. The icon of an era and the woman who did it all, almost.  A patriot through and through. I'm still with her.
 A profound read - could not put it down.  HRC speaks openly, without malice and with frustration, about the systems that cost the election.  Her writing is an education on everything we are facing as a country and what can and needs to be done.  Mrs. Clinton speaks eloquently about what it is to be a woman, a friend, a mother, a wife.  She speaks to our humanity and to the possibility and future of our country and our world.  A real antidote to the words coming from Trump and Company.
 Hearing Hillary's direct account on the audio version filled in many of the missing pieces of her campaign and reminded me just how articulate, poised, funny, caring, and intelligent she is.
 Garbage! Total missleading and nothing to do with WHAT HAPPENED!
 Well written. Without excessive hand-wringing, it shares a personal story from one of our nation's most dedicated public servants.
 One of those rare books where both the question and answer to the story are right there on the cover.
 Love this book! It's an in-depth look at the National political scene. Scholars and historians will love it!
 What a sad reflection of modern politics in the USA. These are the people we trust to run this country.  Thanks President Trump for giving us hope.
 I read a few pages in a few sections of a friend's copy.  Alas, I was hoping to hear something new, but I really just read the same stuff I've been hearing since the election.<br/>Perhaps I just read the wrong pages, but as far as I can see it's not useful.  It's not badly written, though the tone is probably similar to what turned off voters. Writing quality gives it better than 1 star
 Haha
 The day she called one-fourth of Americans deplorable, she lost the race. It's that simple...that's "what happened." Saying you're sorry the next day doesn't cut it when it REALLY does sound how you TRULY feel. Own it sister. "What happened" is that common Americans turned out Washington elitists last November. It's that simple.<br/><br/>See, I did it in 400 less pages than it took the First Lady/Senator/Secretary.(And per Washington regs, got PAID a whole lot less.)
 Hillary is a smart and sincere woman who writes with honestly and vulnerability.  She may not always be charming, but she is a great leader and knows how to compromise.  This book is an honest and raw explanation of the story of the election and how we all lost.
 WHAT HAPPENED<br/>Well written fascinating book<br/>Hillary Clinton’s recent book is about WHAT HAPPENED during her running for the presidency of the United States in 2016. Hillary states, “I’ve tried to learn from my own mistakes. There are plenty, as you’ll see in this book, and they are mine and mine alone.” (xii) This admission is commendable. At the age of 91, I feel comfortable to assert that the difference between a mature person and a non matured person is a matured person admits their mistakes. This book deals with a lot of soul searching. It is unfair and unjustified that Hillary has been disliked by many people for mere political differences. It is about current state of our country in a tumultuous world and the Clintons’ personal life.<br/><br/>I have read all other book written by Hillary. It Takes a Village, Living History and Hard Choices are indicative how brilliant and capable Hillary is. She writes on page 29, “Our house is packed with them (books) and we keep adding more.” I am taking the liberty to suggest: add my autobiography “From a Name to a Number” If you read it you will even love and be more appreciative of this country that you love so much.<br/>In my Book review on Hard Choices I wrote, President-elect Barack Obama asked Hillary Clinton, in November 2008, to serve as his Secretary of State, because he believed that she was the best person who could serve in that role at that moment in time, with the unique challenges America faced at home and abroad. Eventually, she was nominated to that position in 2009. David Miliband, the British Foreign Secretary, told Hillary: "It is a herculean job, but I think you are the right Hercules for this task." "Hard Choices" is basically a memoir of choices she made as Secretary of State and those made by President Obama. She found public service to be gratifying and sometimes heavy to bear. However, she remembered Eleanor Roosevelt's advice, to take criticism seriously but not personally; your critics can actually teach you lessons your friends can't or wouldn't.<br/>I didn’t like Hillary’s statement in 2014 that she and her husband were “dead broke” when they left the White House. This was a misrepresentation of a material fact. Both made a lot of money from giving speeches and writing books in addition to their hefty salaries. Hillary and Bill are quite blessed to be as talented and clever as they are. WHAT HAPPENED is indeed a well written fascinating book to be liked and appreciated; it is an inspiration to many people.
 This book gave me Capital-F-Feels. I think what really got to me right from the start was just the raw way she felt so personally responsible for what happened - and didn't happen. Over and over again you see her saying "I failed. I let everyone down." That really tore me up.<br/><br/>For anyone who was paying attention over the past few years, there probably aren't any bombshells. Still, it's nice to get a peek at what she was really thinking, feeling, and doing during that time. Overall it does a really great job laying out in an orderly fashion the utter chaos that was the Presidential Race. Would definitely recommend.
 This was a great read that helped to clear up my own thinking on why so many people could be mislead by a man who constantly lies and thinks only of himself. We were certainly cheated out of the leader we Americans truly deserved by an archaic and un-democratic system of voting. Hamilton's electoral college may have worked two hundred years ago; but, it has long out lived its usefulness and now only exists to deny the concept of majority rule.
 This is what was missing from her campaign. I’ve always wondered what it’s like to be in her shoes. This book has that. Fascinating read of Hillary’s story told from her perspective. All this time we always read other people’s take on her. HER story told by HER. Good lesson for the rest of us to not let others control and decide our narrative. Highly recommended.
 Great book by a great woman. So sick of the haters that don't want to hear the truth.
 The coverage of this book has been completely dishonest. Clinton does a good objective job of breaking down the reasons she lost. Claims that this is just a bunch of excuses and whining are nonsense.
 Haha
 Excellent
 This is a hard book to categorize.  Primarily, it is an autobiographical account of an important time in the author's life, and in the history of the United States.  An account, written in an engaging style, of the experience of one of the candidates in what was the most vicious presidential contest in recent history, it is also a 464-page-long dedication that is, at times, a little tedious. (I know I would feel differently if I were one of the hundreds of campaign workers to whom the book was dedicated, though.)  It is, nevertheless, for the most part, easy to read.  I read it.  I liked it.
 the book was simply awful.  She never admitted to what really happened.
 Gross
 Thank you, we need you to keep up the fight, the world needs more women like you.
 Waste of money
 Perfect!
 I highly recommend this book to everyone. If you're a Republican or someone who voted for Trump or refused to vote for Clinton or chose not to vote, this book will provide the insight you need to inform your future votes. If you're a Democrat or voted for Clinton or voted for a third party or chose not to vote, this book, again, will provide insights to inform your future votes. All Americans will gain insights both into the process and the history of Clinton and America.<br/><br/>For those who choose not to read the book, at least read a chapter titled "Why," which provides a wonkish, thorough, analysis of the key factors that led to Clinton's loss. At the outset, Clinton accepts full responsibility for the loss, but she also goes into an honest factual analysis of other factors that all Americans need to consider for the future. Whether Democratic or Republican or Independent, you'll find enough to agree and disagree with, but it is critical that we all learn from the 2016 election.<br/><br/>Some will choose to hate Clinton, but to most Americans, this book will be inspiring for its honesty, its understanding, and its direction. While many political memoirs are self-serving, Clinton, knowing that she'll never run for public office again, lets her guard down and speaks from the heart. The result is both heartwarming and disheartening.<br/><br/>One thing is certain. the future is up to ALL Americans. It's our choice.
 A must read for all Dems.
 I really like this book. I think it is an honest, laidback story written by a wonderful woman.
 Good for a laugh. Been reading it in Hillary's sad voice. Lesser reviews keep getting deleted even though I bought this book through Amazon and read it.
 After reading this dribble, and thank God it was a borrowed book, I came away feeling thankful.  Thankful this crazy person who makes Donald Trump look like a sane and normal everyday guy was not elected.
 I highly recommend this soul-searching analysis of "what happened" in the 2016 election. I admit that I've admired HRC 's intelligence, strength, and resiliency for many years, and listening to this book intensified my opinion. She accepts responsibility where necessary, but she also exposes those nefarious factors that are just now being realized.She wants us to learn from the election, as she embraces personal acceptance in its aftermath.She ends by calling for "radical empathy", to have kindness and love return to our national character. This eloquent and compelling account humanizes a woman who most certainly is part of our country's history. There is also a sadness to this book, as the reader/listener mourns what could have been.
 This is, by far, the best book that Hillary Clinton has written!  For the first time, I felt like this book provided an unvarnished view of Hillary Clinton.  I suspct that Hillary Clinton would have won the all-important electoral college if this book had come out before November 8th!
 As an 83 year old woman I had high hopes of voting a woman into office as President in this lifetime. I felt sick for days after Nov. 8th. I had not been caught up in the lies being told about Hillary and had looked forward to this book. I feel rewarded for my trust and the openness each chapter showed. Hillary you have lived a difficult life but I am so glad you are a woman I can tell my daughter's and granddaughters to learn more about and use as a model.
 Self Serving for a narcissist.
 She sounds like a 3 year old when asked "did you do that!!"  Saying "not me".
 Worst pile of trash I've ever read
 You lost.
 A very honest, interesting read.
 Hillary bared her soul and regret about the 2016 election. Through her pain, wisdom emerges as a 20/20 view of tomorrow challenges.
 Crap
 This book sucks!! Don’t buy
 I really enjoyed this book. It's puzzling to me that people say she blames the election loss on everyone but herself.  She takes the blame...ultimately but outlines all of the factors.  She admits that she was not able to get through to the voters at times or couldn't present a situation in a way that made sense.  I appreciate her very deep knowledge of U.S.history and the fundamentals of a democracy.  I work in community development so her insights on many of our issues rang so true...there aren't typically quick fixes, we have to take a long-term view, make progress a step at a time and keep our eye on the ball.  That's typically too much to ask but Hillary definitely gets it. Read and learn.
 In the process of reading. Thus far I am loving it.
 Hillary devotes parts of this book to talking about her role as a daughter, a wife, and a mother. She also talks about her early  years as a social activist, as a college student and later, after she passed the Bar; as First Lady (of Georgia and then the Country), as a Senator from New York, as a 2008 primary candidate for the Democratic Party, and as Secretary of State in Obama's administration.<br/><br/>But of course the main subject of the book is the campaign and the election. I won't even try to pretend I'm an unbiased reader/reviewer. I proudly voted for Hillary, and was devastated when she lost.  But I did read every word of her book.  And, if anything, I respect and admire her ever more after reading it...and after watching the performance of the current president and his administration.<br/><br/>I think Hillary takes her fair share of the blame for losing the election.  She admits she made mistakes and wasn't the perfect candidate.  But I also agree with her assessment of the the other factors that played a significant part in her losing:  Comey (putting him first on the list is not accidental), Russian interference, the inequitable coverage of issues by the media, the NRA, and the mobilization of the Evangelical Christians. And, of course she had an opponent who wasn't adverse to feeding the fears and prejudices of certain segments of the population.<br/><br/>I'm giving this book 5 stars, not as a counterweight for all the Hillary Haters, but because I felt it was an honest, insightful, and interesting story from her point of view. I'm glad I read the book, even though going through the campaign and election again wasn't so enjoyable.
 So tired of here excuses.
 I kept wanting to scream to Hillary that SHE is what happened.  It was pathetic to listen to how much of a lack of accountability she had.
 Got this for the Gossip of the decade but was surprised by how heartfelt it was. A great read
 she has been measured, she has been weighed, and she has been found wanting! save your money, In short she lost
 Definitely a page turner.  You are transported into secretary  Clinton's mind.  It's clearly impressive how intelligent and humble she is. She's a fighter
 Waste of paper.
 A post-mortem on what remains a shocking outcome to most of us. The book is part personal memoir, documenting RHC's path towards the nomination, and part reporting from the trenches with hindsight evaluation of what could or should have been done differently: the mishandling of ongoing "emails" meme, a strong argument for the impact that Comey had on the election, and some frank reflections of her shortcomings when it came to creating an inspirational vision — of course, that's not a complete list. An educational read for all of us.
 Thank God she didn't win!
 She happened. The book is filled with lies and complaining. Not worth it.
 Awful
 If you put a question mark after the title, What happened,  it becomes a more accurate description of HRC's post election recovery from a punch in the stomach and a blow to the head;  "What happened?"  The writing is basically HRC's waking up from a knock out fight and coming to grips with what SHE thinks happened to her.  She makes it pretty clear that this is HER story and HER reflection.  For that honesty and authenticity, I give her a 5 star rating.  It is unfair to discredit her for having her personal feelings and for expressing them.  It is healthy that she still feels inclined to use her VOICE for advocating for children, women, equal rights, systemic justice for all, finding ways to balance the needs of the 99% vs. the 1% and encouraging working across the political aisle.  She expressed her admiration for Bernie Sanders progressive agenda and worked with him to enliven her platform while recognizing many Americans would not be willing to go to the Socialist Democratic extremes espoused by Bernie.  It seemed like she was trying to be pragmatic even while Senator Sander's idealism was rousing so many.  A biography is allowed to be personal;  it doesn't have to be political punditry, however since HRC is a political figure her personal reflections will come across as political.
 Mrs. Clinton had the best analysis I've seen on the difference between the Trump voters (like me)  and the establishment candidates. (p217) . She  states, "We learned that many Republican voters didn't have any problem for big government, as long as it was big government for them." ...."The reality is that doctrinaire trickle-downers who control Congress wield enormous power without having any real constituency for their policies outside the Republican donor class. That statement alone made the book a good read for me. Trumpers won't be disappointed if ACA or the Estate Tax don't get repealed despite what they say on cable TV.<br/>Of course the book is autobiographical, the way Mrs. Clinton saw the election. The first hundred or so pages are frankly boring but it gets better. There's a lot of good material in this very personal book. I wish the book was organized chronologically, also there's an index but no footnotes. So she says for example,  .."nearly half of all political news on Twitter in the final days before the election was false or misleading propaganda" without naming the study or when it was published.(p362), and she cites newspapers without dates and quotes public figures without giving a  verifiable source. She discusses Trump's wedding, the email noise, there's a chapter on the Russia conspiracy. She got a lot of dirt thrown at her, but her views on why she lost do not address the question- are you better off now than you were 4 or 8 years ago? Also even in this book she doesn't completely retract her "deplorables" jab, just saying that not all Republicans are deplorables. Nothing energizes voters like a candidate that says she doesn't like them.
 just received today hoping its good
 For everyone upset by how stark the divisions are in our country,<br/>for everyone wondering how we got to where we are, for everyone concerned about fake news, internet trolls, and Russian interference in the election, this book is for you. For anti-Clinton people who think you know her, you’ll be surprised at the woman you will meet in these pages.
 Great book
 I read this book twice to make sure I had a handle on her message. This book was not up to par and came across with extraordinary smugness and condescension. It’s rare to see a leader blame everyone else around them for failure and I won’t be revisiting her writings after this huge letdown.
 What difference, at this point, does it make?<br/>Now to read Brazile's book, not that it makes any difference.
 This is a candid view of what happened to HRC and I appreciate the behind-the-scenes look at her approach to seeking the nomination and run for President. This is what a President should be doing - improve the lives of the people and to ensure a viable government that takes care of its people. In the 2016 election, I believe there is few others who have the same qualifications for the job as HRC. Pity that many Americans do not see it that way. The current administration paves the way for China to overtake America in the new digital economy. Many Americans still do not see the tidal wave of change that is coming. Although China does not have democracy, at least its stable political environment, and the right leaders will steer the country (China) way ahead.  HRC would have posed the best possible chance to steer America to take on the challenges posed by China, Which is a really pity.
 This sucked #trump2020 if possible i would give it 0 stars
 Nothing but "it wasn't my fault","it should have been my turn", and "the Russians screwed me". No discussion about how she lost due to having the wrong platform that voters rejected.
 Lots of excuses, not reasons.
 I would give 0 stars if that were possible.
 At $17.00 it’s way over priced.
 You didn’t.
 I voted for Hilary because she was the stronger of the two candidate - and also not absolutely insane and evil. I didn’t know too much about her as a person though to be honest. People said they didn’t like her and there were scandals - but I would have chosen her over Trump any day. After reading her book though I have a newfound appreciation for her. Such an intelligent, strong, powerful woman. It makes me even sadder that she’s not our presidents. But I hope she knows what a significant impact she has had on so many people, not just women. This book must have been challenging to write, as it hit a lot of sore spots, but she did it eloquently and gave me a new understanding and appreciation of what went into this election. I would recommend this book to anyone, whether you were a Hilary fan or not. You will be after you hear her story :)
 The further in I read, the more I missed Hillary. I feel an immense sadness for the future of our beloved country. As quoted in the book, a haunting line from the 19th century poet John Greenleaf Whittier: For all sad words of tongue and pen, the saddest are these: "It might have been". Excellent book. Thanks so much, Hillary, for sharing with us What Happened.
 It sucks.
 I enjoyed the first couple chapters however it bacame a bit mundane after that. Overall a okay read for what it is. Lastly this definitely was a 16 from a15 author but in the end if you choose to endorse this 19 you clearly enjoy it!
 I listened to the audio book version and I really enjoyed it. She does explain what happened with the election but she doesn't spend the whole book doing so. If you didn't want to read a book by and about Hillary Clinton then you should obviously look elsewhere.
 Full Disclosure:  I am a 73 year old white male.  My wife and I have been strong supporters of Hillary (H) from the 2008 election.  We have voted for her at every opportunity and we have made significant contributions to her campaigns.  We have watched all the debates, and read tons of articles in the Washington Post and New York Times.  I feel very sad about H's loss.  I think she would have made a very good President, perhaps a great one.  Finally, in fairness to the reader, I will try to focus most of my comments on H the author and the content of What Happened (WH), rather than H the campaigner and how effective I thought she was in that role.<br/><br/>This is clearly H's product - I doubt that even one word was written by anyone else, unless cited. It is her language, it is her analysis, it is H proud, H defensive, H regretful, H angry, H strong.  I also became aware as I neared the end that I had not found a single typo; I haven't observed a "clean" book in more than twenty years.  That would be Hillary also.<br/><br/>In the prefatory Author's Note, H states, "I don't have all the answers".  Well, not quite true.  This 464 page book is comprehensive,  covering all the major events that I can recall.  It also addresses a number of minor ones, things that particularly nettled H, and she uses the opportunity to get some annoyances off her chest.  Months and months after the election she seems to be still campaigning against Trump.  On page 46, she states that our mistakes alone shouldn't define us.  A few lines down she says that she tries to learn from her mistakes and do better in the future.  Fine, that's nice, a bit of a yawner though.  But then she unnecessarily adds "....(Trump) lashes out, demeans, and insults others. " There are a number of similar contrasts drawn;  I thought it demeaned H and WH.  And as for the comments on page 49, "...Trump spending about 20 percent of his new presidency at his own luxury gold clubs.  I sometimes wonder:  If you add together his time spent on golf, Twitter, and cable news, what's left?"  Not nice, H - not loving and kind.  And they're about matters post-election, not really about 'what happened'.  These are just two examples; there are many, many more.  There's a lot of venting in WH.<br/><br/>H acknowledges her accountability for losing to Trump.  She does so a number of times.  However, a "but" always  seems to follow introducing a lengthy list of terrible things Trump did, or Comey did, or the Russians did.  By the time you get through the list of contributions to her downfall, you forget that she has taken accountability.  There is an alternative way to structure what happened, and that would be to lay out all the sins of others first, do it once  ( Comey/emails seemed to come up again and again) and then wrap up with, "but it the end it all came down to me, I was the candidate, I could have run a better campaign.  I lost."  Same content, different order, but it makes all the difference in the world.  H's way gives her an opportunity to say "I accepted responsibility..."  then share the blame in the same breath.. For example, page 392 in a Christine Amanpour interview: "I take absolute responsibility", I replied. "I was the candidate.  I was the person who was on the ballot.  Then I explained that while we (reviewer's comment: note we) didn't run a perfect campaign, Nate Silver (statistician)....has said that we were on our way to winning until Jim Comey's October 28 letter derailed us....."  And though taking responsibility she gives herself a bit of a free pass.<br/><br/>Watching her in those debates, I couldn't understand how anyone could vote for other than H.  I think she should have beaten Trump by 10 points; I blame her for the loss.  She was dull, her message was dull, her campaign was dull.  Trump grabbed headlines every day, while H gave the same tired old speeches. She shouldn't  blame the media for relegating Grand Rapids speeches to the back of the paper.  Who remembers a H speech?<br/><br/>H opens the chapter "Why" with: "I've spent part of nearly every day since November 8, 2016, wrestling a single question: Why did I lose?".  It's a very interesting chapter, certainly the one that will be most read and re-read.  There isn't a lot that's new for anyone who has paid attention the last several months but it's interesting to note the items on which she spends a lot of time - Comey again, working-class white women moving away in the final days, media, Jill Stein, demographic analysis, Russia, polls, bigotry, economics, voter suppression. Oddly, not much of Bernie in this chapter.  Nor husband Bill who stepped on it more than once but was never criticized in WH.  She touched on her speaking fees only briefly and never mentioned any dollar figures she earned from the bigger spenders for those speeches.  Why is this so important?  Because too many voters felt these speaking fees were payoffs for favors from the Clintons and this was the rather disturbing way they had become rich quick.  In other parts of the book she mentions her campaign strategy, but I feel it was not given proper attention in WH.  She speaks of re-examining the 2008 campaign and righting all the wrongs of those days.  She seemed to expect that would do the trick and that it should have.  Not a lot of out of the box thinking there.  The environment was so different in 2016, just eight years later.  She clearly understands for example the anger of the white middle class, but it seems she came to that understanding too late in the game; the campaign was focused on other things.  The Clinton team never drove the agenda, Trump was always in charge.  I feel that was never addressed head-on in WH.<br/><br/>A few miscellaneous comments about "What Happened".  WH is very well written and it is a comfortable read, rather chatty, just the right tone for this post-mortem.  I note that as I write this only 12 days after the book's release, it has 1500 Amazon reviews and averages close to a 5 rating. That seems too generous to me.  It's a very good book, but not a great one.  I don't agree with a number of H's statements, and I would really like to hear the counter comments from others who were there.  H makes many, many references to her mother; I wasn't aware of the closeness before reading this book.  H follows the Why chapter with one on Love and Kindness; this chapter didn't work for me at all, nor did the chapter A Day in the Life.  The closing chapter was Onward Together, most of which is very nicely done - but she really has to get a new slogan team.  I did very much enjoy reading about her return to Wellesley.  She does speculate a bit about her future role and I must admit not sharing her enthusiasm for the pursuit of some of the limelight opportunities (the Dems need new faces, hear that  Joe? Nancy?).  Four stars is a bit of a stretch, but hey, it's Hillary ....and Bill.  Thanks to you both for making America a better place.
 Bought for someone else not my book
 Hillary has written a comprehensive, honest and heartfelt account not only of her presidential campaign with and its ups and downs but her own informed analysis of what happened. Reading this book was like sitting down with a good friend hearing the story from its source. Strong on analysis, both of the politics along with her clear eyed self-analysis, Hillary takes full responsibility for “what happened.” For those of us who see winning the popular vote by 3 million as no small legacy, the next intrepid Joan of Arc who follows this path will have all that she needs to bring the victory home.
 First CD skips. I'm sending this back.
 The question and answer are on the front cover, no need to read any futher
 I think she gives a fair assessment of what happened. But she can't write very well. It's not as linear as I'd like, lots of telling instead of showing, and many tangents.
 Hillary<br/>who cares. It's over.
 Enjoyed the read, thoroughly.  Can't help but feel 45 supporters are here slamming her book.  Ho hum...  if ya like HRC, can read well enough...you will at very least enjoy this book.
 Read the whole book after voting for her.  Good to hear her side of the story.  Wished she had won and still do.  She beats herself up too hard for having lost, but I enjoyed watching all the debates with the BULLY that she WON.
 I love the book. I have read other books she has written but this one really touches every issue that happened in the election and current issues. The chapter that strikes me the most is where she talks about women in the work place and the why she wanted to be President. I can feel her pain regarding the election but also her strength is admirable and really makes me want to be a  better person. Highly recommend, love it.
 This book represents a deeply personal reflection from Hillary Clinton on her loss in the 2016 presidential election. She knows full well that many people are tired of relitigating the campaign, and that some would even like her to disappear from public life forever, but this book is proof that she still has valuable insights and leadership to offer our country.<br/><br/>There are some stumbling blocks here, to be sure; if you weren't convinced by her critiques of opponents like Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump during the election, you're not likely to find their latest repetition any more meaningful. And despite her promise to take responsibility for aspects of her loss, in practice this often reads as her wishing she could have better predicted which campaign issues would become critical rather than acknowledging any strategic missteps on the part of her campaign.<br/><br/>Nevertheless, the former candidate is remarkably clear-eyed in discussing the impact of foreign interference and James Comey's politicizing of his FBI post on the outcome of the election, noting correctly that there was a late swing in support toward Trump and third-party candidates when Comey grandstanded about Clinton's private server and Russian agents released hacked campaign emails just before Election Day. (Neither of these stories was particularly damning of Clinton, but they rekindled the lingering miasma of her nebulous email scandal and focused media attention away from Trump's own controversies.) As the author observes, the race was close enough that these late-breaking incidents helped propel Donald Trump to his electoral victory over her.<br/><br/>The most effective -- and affecting -- parts of this book come when Clinton discusses the sexism that she has faced throughout her career and when she relates her personal struggles in the immediate aftermath of the 2016 election to reckon with what it means for America and the people who were counting on her to win. It's a welcome intimate look at a politician who is often guarded in her public interactions, and a poignant reminder of the person at the heart of the headlines, who has done her best to serve her country and must now carry the knowledge that millions of people hate her for it.<br/><br/>I imagine this book was cathartic for Clinton to write, and there are moments when it provides a similar feeling to her readers. But it's also a call to action: to "resist, insist, persist, and enlist," as Clinton says, in the ongoing movement for progressive values and reasonable government that her campaign was built around. Underlying everything, of course, is our common wish that such a book never needed to be written in the first place.
 Fiction
 I haven't quite finished the book but what I have read so far I find her to be very open and honest.  I much admire Mrs. Clinton and the challenges she has faced in the political arena which is far too much dominated by men.
 She just doesn't get it. Out of touch with everyday Americans.
 If you can get past all her self aggrandizement, you'll find this to be utterly unsupported rubbish.  This book captures her inability to own her failures, which some would argue is the reason she lost the election.  Dressing like the leader of North Korea certainly didn't help.  If you watched the election and you don't know why she lost, this book probably won't help.  Enjoy.
 The cover says it all.
 This book is excellent. Be prepared to re-litigate the 2016 campaign, so if you are triggered by that, then this may not be the book for you. HRC walks you through the emotions and nuances of her campaign and looks what happened and what to expect for the future.
 What happened? She lost, and IT'S NOT HER FAULT!!
 This was surprisingly revealing and honest. I thought she’d remain toned down and reserved. However, she really did speak her mind. This book makes me sad for what could have been. I guess we’ll never know. Go ahead and give this book a read. It’s well worth it.
 Awful. Doesn’t touch on the “what happened” at all
 It is the worst book i have ever read in  my life..<br/>I think she really doesn't know "what happened "
 I was not a Panstsuit Nation girl, nor did I ever chant "I'm with her." I voted for Hillary, with reservations, because I knew she was, at the very least, clearly the most qualified and experienced.  I think everyone should read What Happened.  It's an important book. Hillary has every right to be angry over the election.  The majority of Americans who voted for her are. The cumulative effect of all the anecdotes and stories leading up to her defeat is extraordinary, and taught me a great deal about the inner workings of her campaign and the relentness nasty attacks on her. Her voice is the strongest and most powerful, interestingly, when she is more intimate with the reader (always true of memoir) reflecting on her own mistakes, demonstrating her passion for policy (her early training with Marian Wright Edelman and Children's Defense Fund),  describing her love of children, and the loving relationships she has with Chelsea and Bill. And she's right, no one else's marriage is anyone's business.  Yes, she leads a privileged life, one she is not always aware of, but that's her life.  It will be interesting to see how this book is read ten years from now, if enough can change by then that we'll see it through a new lens. But I am doubtful, frankly, because women in all walks of life are so often treated with various degrees of contempt and dismissiveness.  Hillary's a smart cookie. I suspect she was told by her editors to tone down the smarts and make the book legible to average readers.  But her intelligence and passion still come through strongly.  I can't imagine, though, if she'd been elected,  how she would have survived the GOP Congress, who are collectively nasty and mean-spirited and empty of vision. Whatever you think of this book, it's an important read by a passionate, smart, sensible woman who has much useful lived experience to share about gender, in particular.I found myself nodding at so many moments in a silent chorus to the sadness of how far women still have to go to reach full equality.  There's a really handy index in the back that can guide you back to particular topics of interest. Hillary covers a huge amount of territory, but does so in easy-to-digest and understandable prose.  Hillary's not a beautiful writer like Obama, but what she offers us is a wonderful, gripping narrative of the mind of a woman who has spent her life devoted to service, and has had to wade through a lot of other people's muck to get ahead.  I finished the book with one clear conclusion: she would have been a good president.
 Question on the top, answer on the bottom
 She still refuses to admit SHE blew it with her arrogance and condescending attitude she lost millions of votes based on this alone after being virtually handed the presidency on a silver platter she let it get away.
 An intelligent, well-qualified woman runs for president against an unqualified, regressive bully and the world goes mad. This is a very personal look at what happened behind the scenes of a lost presidential campaign. I found it compelling and listened to half the book on day one, finishing on day two. I am going to purchase the hardcover book to peruse and mark up some of the great quotes and insights this book has to offer. Mature women everywhere can vouch for the societal attitudes Hillary talks about in this book--we were there too. Younger women will learn how different life was for their mothers and grandmothers. This book speaks the truth about inequality.
 Didn't need to buy the book to know what happened.
 What I liked th most about this book is that there’s not a picture of her on the front...wat I like th least is th whole book
 Sorry I love to read and this book is poorly written, and not st all interesting.
 Just a bunch of whining and crying.
 What Happened is deeply personal. It speaks about the challenges of public life, campaigning, being bullied, losing with grace, grieving, letting others in to support you and personal take on "What Happened" I think the book is humble, as honest as a person can be since we all have our own viewpoint of the facts and most of all forgiving and hopeful, that in the end, Americans will also learn, grow and vote by scrutinizing the true facts beforehand.
 Who sold the uranium to the Russians and took the resulting donations at the Clinton foundation and speaking fee. Top it off by lecturing us on sexual predators. How did you treat the women that accused your husband, particularly when he was unable to control himself in the work place ?<br/><br/>So unfortunate, as I admire much of what you have accomplished, particularly your work to get children in every state covered by health insurance.
 Books is full of Hillary
 I love the fact that Secretary Clinton wrote a book &amp; was excited to delve in. However, I was hoping in reading this to find out what happened with the Clinton Foundation in Haiti? What happened to Vince Foster? What happened to the 30,000 missing emails? What happened to Seth Rich etc.<br/><br/> It was a disappointing read.<br/><br/>I had hoped that the honorable Secretary Hillary Clinton would use her superior talents to write an exciting book that is as humorous &amp; facinating as it is enlightening.<br/><br/>Instead I wasted my hard earned money &amp; time to read this truly terrible book which seems to blame even her closest supporters for her failed presidential bid.
 What happened? You lost.
 I bought both the audio and the book. I felt the book is very well written and thoughtful.  I thought the audio is very reflective and personal.<br/>I  listen to it everyday when I went to work and back.  I have always known all of the great work Hillary has accomplished but this book solidifies even more.  There are times I find myself in tears but more often angry for all the things that has been done to her.  I do agree with her that misogynist and sexism played a roll but most specially the billions of dollars spend in decades against her by the NRA and the Republicans.  It is ashamed the ignorance of many has prevailed in results electing the most incompetent president in our time.  The book highlighted many mistakes she had made, misjudgment and shortcomings. I love hearing about her relationship with her daughter and her Mother.  The fact that she had stayed married to Bill Clinton is admirable.  All the false rumors about their relationships proves nothing but hatred.  Unlike Trump who cheated on his trophy wife1, wife2 and wife3.  Who's wife 3 by the way probably can't stand being around him by the look of them in public "so painful to watch."<br/><br/>The decades of policies she put placed for children's health, women's health, minorities rights and a noble advocates against gun violence. No wonder why NRA Wayne LaPierre spend more than decades and billions of dollars advocating false baseless propaganda against the Clinton's.<br/>I agree that NRA had succeed in placing fear amongst their supporters this only ranks up their sales in guns.  I am glad I got to read the full in depth details about the campaign from beginning to end and her history in politics then and now.<br/><br/>Most negative reviews I have read here are not accurate and coming from the people that never even bought the book or never even had any history that they ever bought any from amazon.com. Makes you wonder if they are payed trolls or plainly average citizen who doesn't have anything better to do but to bully liberals and democrats out of hate.<br/><br/>As for the intellectual individual that will read this book will benefit on understanding how she really felt during the campaign and throughout her life in politics.  Very human and right to the core of many women that suffer in discrimination, sexism and misogyny.  If you don't believe me the negatives reviews here validates everything she has been saying.  History will remember 2016 and history will remember Hilary Clinton as one of the most positive and influential people in our country.
 Having spent an hour reading reciews, I see that 80% or more are negative.  I usually look at the percentage of 1,2 stars, and hunt down those bad reviews to see if they think like me.  They do and they are a huge majority, unlike Amazon suggests. I will pass on this book as I don’t care to read about Hillarys obsession with Russia, a totally unproven allegation some one year later, her reasons to wear pants suits, raising Chelsea, her breakfast menu, and nothing substantial about what happened.
 *Wow*: Well by the reviews it looks like there are a lot of angry people out there..I’d advise not reading it like a newspaper article, looking for “the answer”, or “the gossip”, or her to respond in some perfect way that’s 10x better than say, Bernie or Mitt or Al or anyone else who’s lost an election, even a really important one where weird sideways s*** happened. Maybe don’t channel all your anger onto her, or any one person, or this book. The vitriol of reviews here are exactly the point she’s making. It’s an excellent discussion of what was so different and weird about this election, (first time a woman ran for president/changing media climate and technology/ bias/citizens united-) and superb advice for all citizens of ALL parties going forward, about overcoming obstacles in politics and life. It’s inspiring, informative, nonfiction, fact-filled, and meant to improve the discourse to something more informative than vitriol. Not blaming; not overly apologetic, pretty real. Much like Hillary, from my take—although Im pretty independent and admit to having checked my biases at the door. Note to future reviewers: Read pages 114 116 before writing your own review. Try to use reason, otherwise you’re just making yourself look bad ;-)
 Thank you Hillary for such a wonderful, open minded and inspirational read!
 My wife is very pleased to receive this volume
 Wow, I have never read a book that was more of a pity party.  There are no facts in the book. No relevant issues. This is written like a diary of a person that blames everyone but herself for any failures in the election. After reading this I feel Hillary has more in common with Kim Jong-un than any normal working American. And I work in government.
 The only book ever published with the question and answer together on the cover page. If there is a god, she will be in prison one day
 Garbage, more lies ...blaming the russians
 I've known since 1992 that I was going to vote for Hillary Clinton for President of the United States of America. For me, the 2016 election was the most significant in my lifetime. I proudly cast my primary ballot for Hillary, and even more proudly my ballot in the general. She was going to be MY President, and then she wasn't.<br/><br/>When I started reading WHAT HAPPENED, I was not in reviewer mode. It was once again November 9, 2016, and I was devastated once again. I realized immediately that the title was not a question but a statement of fact. Hillary was about to share with me her words and sentiments about the travesty that posed as presidential campaigning.<br/><br/>I didn't embark on reading WHAT HAPPENED to learn new things because I actually followed the campaign very closely. I read it to look at all that occurred from Hillary Clinton's perspective. Hers is much the same as mine. She and I are of an age, both born in October 1947, we have lived through the same days of American history. Many of those days were turbulent and terrible, but they resulted in progress fought for with blood, sweat, and tears. During the campaign, I said to a friend that when I see Hillary Clinton, I see myself. I will never have her faith, but I do have the sense of commitment to others, to what is right. Hillary may not be everywoman, but she is me.<br/><br/>Reading WHAT HAPPENED was punctuated with tears… tears of anger, tears of great sorrow, but not one tear of regret. Crying can be so very cathartic because at such time that the crying stops there is a never ending need to move onward toward something. I would support the brilliant woman who is Hillary Rodham Clinton again through any campaign she might wish to wage.<br/><br/>Anyone who is considering a run for the Presidency, in 2020, from the Democratic Party, needs to read WHAT HAPPENED, and read it very carefully. There are specific points made that could be vital to the next campaign. Actually, if you plan on running for any office, read this book carefully, and take notes!
 I cannot believe anyone can read this and not see the denial and narcissism.. its sad actually. not recommended.
 An honest and personal account. I respect and admire her for sharing such personal feelings, which couldn't have been easy. I admire you Hillary and so wish you were running this country, I would be feeling a lot safer then I do under our current Traitor n Chief!
 I'm glad I read this myself because some reviews were so negative.  They must have read another book because this one is honest, forthright, and reflects the woman I respect.
 Hillary promised to follow Obama's program - that is what happened!  American people do not want anti-American thinking in office.<br/>That is what happened.
 What a great lady truly a gift from God she's funny super intelligent and has a heart of gold I loved this book thank you
 Like many Americans, I was curious (more like really wanted to know) about what was inside 67th U.S. Secretary of State and presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton’s political memoir about her unsuccessful 2016 campaign.<br/><br/>Before I review the book, I would like to let you know that I will attempt to be objective rather than give my outright opinion, and instead will focus on some interesting topics and stories. In full disclosure, I actively supported Bernie Sanders during the Democratic primary, and then easily voted for Clinton in the general election. Now that you know where I stand, I want to give you the chance to figure out where you do after reading this book I recommend. You probably already have an opinion even stronger than mine, so I will try to point out the parts of the memoir I found useful without too much elaboration.<br/><br/>What stood out most about WHAT HAPPENED, which is a memoir not just about politics, is how personally Clinton chose to express herself in writing. Where the campaign was meticulously managed, it is remarkable how open the language of the book is, while still remaining substantial and smart. She speaks about how she and her campaign chose to carefully control her image, understanding the significance of being the first woman to win the nomination of one of the two major parties. It was a constraint hurting her authenticity during a political season where it was said that Americans were looking for an outsider, though it must be noted that Clinton had nearly three million more votes in the end.<br/><br/>From the moment she announced her candidacy, Clinton did everything she could to take the attention off her clothes, style and hair. She makes clear that she wanted to be taken seriously based on her history of helping others, experience in the White House, and how she governed during her career. There was internal struggle within the campaign, with some regrets, but Clinton shows that she did what had to be done to preserve the integrity of being the first woman to navigate the position she was in.<br/><br/>There is an entire chapter “On Being a Woman in Politics,” where Clinton discusses her frustrations, as well as some of her successes. She says a major theme is perception: When a powerful woman is seen fighting for the rights of others, she is commended, but when she begins fighting for herself is when some people turn away. This is evident in the way voters may dislike Clinton when she is running for office, but then approve of her when she governs. She is straightforward about the bias she encounters as a professional woman in a position of power. On the other hand, Clinton was moved by the thousands of women she met on the campaign trail, many of whom are now in the process of running for office themselves. This is not to mention the young women and girls she stated she was trying to set an example for as she made history.<br/><br/>Clinton’s thoughts on being the first woman are major, yet her analysis of Russian interference can be just as powerful in the chapter “Trolls, Bots, Fake News, and Real Russians.” She paints the widespread Russian meddling as a problem that must be investigated, describing it as an issue of democracy larger than the election itself. As an adversary during her tenure as Secretary of State, Clinton was aware of how Russian President Vladimir Putin was against the interests of the United States, and gets immersed in the details in a profoundly personal way. I found that the claims she lays out are strikingly similar to, and even parallel, those investigated in the popular book THE PLOT TO HACK AMERICA by 36-year U.S. intelligence veteran Malcolm Nance. There is much to the story and more that is yet to be told, and you get a long chapter on it in WHAT HAPPENED.<br/><br/>But there is so much more in here than just the controversial topics everyone wants to hear about. If you are a follower of Clinton, this book represents a considerable offer. It starts off on the day of the election, goes back to the kickoff of her campaign, considers her family, her time spent out crossing the country, election night and a way forward. The media spent so much time covering President Trump, many who only watch television are probably not aware of the ins and outs of the years Clinton spent campaigning. I was glad to hear about some of the individual interactions she had in places I wouldn’t expect, like West Virginia. But if you are in it for the controversy, the book includes topics like authenticity, likability, sexism in politics, coping mechanisms, and even attending the inauguration. There is probably one reason for every person to read WHAT HAPPENED. It certainly was an important moment in American history that we can understand more as time goes on.<br/><br/>WHAT HAPPENED is delineated in segments titled Perseverance, Competition, Sisterhood, Idealism and Realism, Frustration and Resilience. Yes, there is also a chapter on “Those Damn Emails.” She does present plenty of blame to go around, maybe rightfully so. Her loss on election night hurt her as much as it did many other Americans over time. The book concludes with the chapters “Love and Kindness” and “Onward Together.” Hillary Rodham Clinton moves on to continue her fight.<br/><br/>Reviewed by John Bentlyewski
 I remain proud of Hillary and us. This book is our healing from an unprecedented election coup. She has a lifetime of working very hard for others even when they do not always either fully either understand or appreciate it. The text is designed to be read by any person. She is having a conversation with us directly. Because Hillary's topic is in fact people, she never becomes detached and/or cold. She is very proud of her achievements against great adversity. Putin would not have put together such an elaborate scheme if he did not believe that she--unlike Trump--would have represented a serious roadblock to him being able to do whatever he wanted around the globe. Therefore the U.S. election process had to be derailed by any and all means necessary.  Some specific parts---like describing the politics behind Bill being the first father who was legally allowed into the hospital delivery room seemed already covered and better covered elsewhere. I am also not sure how it relates to either Donald Trump or the Russians.  But if she is able to weave these anecdotes in to a book on overcoming significant adversity throughout her life, more power to her. This is her recovery process. Who am I to stop her?
 Great Book, very interesting to her point of view.  I even began to feel sorry for her and her letting the Nation down.<br/>Her being sucker punched by Mr. FBI certainly did take the wind out of her sails.  She herself lost this election but not<br/>without a little help from her friends and her past.  Her endless book tour and now accusing the sitting president as being incompetant<br/>to run the country is very upsetting, if not downright divisive.  Our country needs to heal and she is only rubbing more salt into our<br/>wounds...  Super glad I checked this out of the library,  not worth much more than 2 cents.
 Well written and insightful.
 Through Audible it was wonderful to hear in Hillary's voice and words what happened to her.  I voted for her and would again and again!  I'm so sorry for what she had to endure going up against that bully... it was just wrong.  God bless all.
 I received this on release day and only just finished it because honestly I could only emotionally handle a bit at a time. I have lots of friends who have said the same. Now I'm going back to read it again. Why? Because it hits both the emotional notes and analytical notes I hoped it would. I wanted to know how it felt to run that campaign, to go through that terrible election day/night, and to put one foot in front of the other afterward. In part because I needed to process my own experience of it. I also wanted her analysis of the components of what happened. I really do NOT understand people who say she doesn't take responsibility or that she blames everything else, she says over and over again in the book and in interviews, I was the candidate, I was responsible, and she points out things/turning points they could have handled differently. Her analysis is CRITICAL to us moving forward because she puts forward the evidence for busting some of the myths out of the election like that she didn't talk about jobs and the economy (she did, but media spent 3x as much space on the emails), or that running more populist in places like WI would have won (if true then why did Feingold lose there?). Readers may not agree with all her arguments. But we have to weigh them or we run the risk of running of into the next cycle with unfounded myths about what we need to do instead of stepping back and dealing with reality. The book could have used a bit more editing. So skim where you need to, but read it.
 This copy has been handed around as pure comedy. Could she be more awkward?
 Good book.  It needs a Russian translation version, or I want my $145 million dollars back from the Clinton Foundation.
 This book was poorly written for someone of Hillary 's caliber.  Comparing her to losing to Good Friday, the crucifixion? Come on! It was very self serving too; me, me, me! Save your money and donate to your favorite charity.
 Should be a negative 10 stars!!!! Waste of trees!!!!
 Every man should read this book.  And every woman who doesn't think for herself, doesn't live her life being herself, or has difficulty recognizing and giving credit to successful and powerful women should devour these pages.<br/><br/>All men have women in their lives in various roles and they understand and respect them or don't to various degrees.  The prejudice against women by men as well as women played a pivotal role in Hillary's bid for the Presidency.<br/><br/>This is not the focus of her book - don't want to be misleading - but it is what I take away as I read it, as it colors everything that happened to her, everything she lived through, every challenge she overcame or tried to.  Her unescapable flaw, her Achilles' heel, was that she is a woman.<br/><br/>There is a huge lesson in these pages for us all as a society, American and global.  America missed a chance to have a great President, one who had experience, empathy, courage, grit and all the things that make a true leader, the kind who makes permanent changes for the better, one who would have gone down in history for doing so.<br/><br/>In the midst of the day to day trauma of the Trump Presidency, the loss of Hillary continues to hurt ever deeper.  Her book explains so much, is wonderfully candid, honest and sincere.  While it breaks my heart to read it, it inspires me even more to step up, stand up, and do what I can to make a difference.
 Hillary Clinton is a national treasure. This is just the latest in a long line of her gifts.
 I am a huge fan of Hillary Clinton, but I haven't liked everything she's written. This book was a glaring exception. It's a cathartic read if you have a lot of resentment about the way the 2016 election went, but it's also an intelligent analysis of the polling and an incredibly well-written memoir.<br/>For everything the general public seems to think Hillary Clinton doesn't know, she has an answer. She explains the alternatives, the limitations she faced, why she decided to go forward anyway, and what the story the polls actually told about all of it. It's an exceptionally satisfying and thorough discussion of the election.
 I just finished listening to Hillary Clinton’s new book, What Happened.  In a word, it was excellent.<br/><br/>I supported Secretary Clinton in the 2016 election. However, my support started more because of my absolute certainty that Donald Trump was a truly vile human being with no experience or qualifications for President. To be honest, I really didn’t know much about Clinton or her policies.  I only knew that Trump would be the worst president this country would ever experience.<br/><br/>I started looking into and reading more about Clinton as the months went on and people I once considered intelligent continued to spread rumors about her.  I say rumors because that’s what they were.  I could see and hear the horror that was Donald Trump, but nothing Clinton said or did sent shivers of dread down my spine like Trump’s words and actions. So, I began investigating the stories being spread about her and realized that they were mostly lies or exaggerations or distortions of the truth. By the time I voted, I knew this woman would make an excellent president.<br/><br/>The days after the election were heart-wrenching. Like millions of other Americans, I was devastated when Trump became President-elect despite losing the popular vote.  People told me to ‘get over it’ or just rolled their eyes at my tears.<br/><br/>I’m not going to take your through the rollercoaster of emotions I’ve experienced over the last year, but that’s exactly what listening to this book did for me.  I re-experienced how I felt, I cried again, and I recognized the truth of what had been done to our country.  But I also learned more about Hillary Clinton, the woman and the politician.  I learned more about her plans and her policies if she’d been elected to the WH, and I mourn what could have been.<br/><br/>So, do I recommend this book?  If you’re a Hillary-hater, nothing I or anyone says will change that.  So, no, don’t listen.  If you were somewhere in the middle, I’d say, if you can listen with an open mind . . . then give it a try.  You might slip more toward the support side, or you might not.  I can’t predict that.  However, if you’re a true supporter, like I am, then I think this book will speak to you.
 Trump 2020
 Hillary Clinton is like Jesus Christ. No, she's not an immaculate deity descended from God, but she has been crucified for the most ridiculous things. People hate her for the same reasons people hated Jesus. They can't stand that she's the smartest person in the room, not willing to conform to tradition, and, most infuriatingly, will never give up. No matter how hard they try to bring her down, she keeps going.<br/><br/>Not to get too religious, but I always wondered how the son of God could face such intense backlash from the public. Hillary helps me understand. You can be the best person for the job, have the best intentions, and still people will hate you for it. Also, Jesus's political skills were probably as bad as Hillary's.<br/><br/>Not electing Hillary was an American tragedy, but, like Jesus, her defeat makes her even more inspiring. She paid the ultimate price so women of the future don't have to. Whenever you feel down, think about Hillary Clinton, all she's been through, and the fact that she's still going.<br/><br/>As for the book itself, it's pretty good. There's a few pages where she shows personality--or at least her idea of what personality looks like. The woman is a machine, and I mean that with the most sincere admiration. She thinks in terms of policy, data, and historical significance. She doesn't really think about herself. I doubt Jesus thought about himself much either. He had a mission.<br/><br/>Her extensive concerns about foreign influence in 2016 are expected, but she also lays out clear evidence as to why we should be worried about future elections. It's actually pretty scary. Overall, though, What Happened is a page-turner even though we already know what happened. I was often on the verge of tears reading it. Her loss devastated me and always will, but as I point out, she's more inspiring now than ever before. We will remember you, Hillary, and future generations will live in a better place because of your work.
 Like a visit with the woman I admire the most. Thank you, Hillary. I love you and your book.
 Have not finished this book.  I admire Hillary Clinton.  Time someone got rid of that moron you call your President.  He is a real piece of trash.
 The next time you think you can't go on, think of Hillary Clinton. The next t time  you think of giving up or giving in, think of Hillary Clinton. Whether you agree or disagree with her politics, we have a lot to learn from her.
 I finally was able to understand the loss that Hillary endured.  I am still upset about the outcome of the election and this book helped me understand why Mr. Trump "won".  Thank you Hillary for writing this book.
 Still playing the blame game, whining, making excuses and raking in the  dough. Business as usual.
 Awful book
 I normally don't read but so many books written by politicians, as they are generally self serving fluff.  This one, however, was informative, well written and well worth it.  I do wish though that Amazon would delete all of these one star reviews that were written by people who cannot see beyond their hatred of Hillary and clearly did not read the book.
 Bad..........  very bad
 What a joy to read!  I am reveling in the self-indulgent feast of schadenfreude as I listen to how Hillary describes how awful she felt about losing the election.  After listening to only the first few chapters, my jaw is tired from smiling and laughing so much over this pathetic loser's portrayal of how the election went.  Oh, she loves to quote the 65 million who voted for her but neglects to include the more salient fact that the ENTIRE country voted for Trump.  Thank God for the Electoral College, about which nothing would have been said had HRC made it to the White House.  Just look at any map, Hillary, and the truth will stare you straight in the face.  You were a lousy candidate and a poor choice for the first woman President.  She cites how she has let people down, how she disappointed people.  Well, here's one person you didn't disappoint!  In fact, you did a great job, so far as I'm concerned: you are NOT President, and a man who cares deeply about this country, and who is doing something about it, is.  Good riddance and please, please, PLEASE, go quietly into that dark night, will you?<br/><br/>Post Scriptus:  I wonder what Hillary thinks now about her comments regarding the Russian Dossier and Carter Page being turned?  Seems she might know more about this than she will let on.  What a dishonest, corrupt person.  THANK the Good Lord you are not sitting in the White House - talk about Russian collusion!  And, I hope you enjoyed our Great President's State of the Union - it's in a far better state than if you were in office.
 I really enjoyed the book.  I have followed Hillary since she was a young First Lady.  The amazing effort to demean her has been unreal and she has survived all of it.  Interesting now to see some Karma setting in for some of those who perpetually lied about her.  I happened to read "The Plot to Hack America" the morning of election day and then later watched so much of it play out.  The book is so informative as to during and the aftermath of the election.  Very educational.  I will always believe that the machine totals in some of the precincts in some strategic states were set and will never be detected as it can be done and has been proven to be possible as well.  I am so happy that she has written this book as it will prove to be very helpful.  Thank you, Hillary.
 This book resonated with me. Mrs. Clinton points out the pain we women carry as a result of sexism and misogyny.  It allows us to understand the pain of the less privileged, the minorities victimized by prejudice. And it encourages us to reach out, to listen, and to help those in need.<br/><br/>The details of the 2016 Presidential Campaign are still raw. I witnessed and know so much of what went on and how each candidate revealed their character. And I was glad to read Clinton's analysis of why Trump won votes. It helped me to understand what seemed unfathomable.<br/><br/>In the coming years, I hope people will not take democracy for granted.
 My wife bought this for me as I enjoy politics but I didn't enjoy this book as all the excuses made me sick.  However this book is so simple even a liberal can understand it.
 Great book! Honest and heart-felt!
 Good audio book. The how, why and what happened is so hard to ever understand. I really thought Trump was honest when he said he wanted to drain the swamp. But at this point it looks like MANY books can be written as to why someone who is our President seems to be doing everything opposite he promised. I really do believe Hillary would have made a great President. It's a setback for women trying to succeed in this world. I think they were too many men possibly that just could not pull the plug to vote for Hillary in this day in age. I have 3 brothers and I know that is the case with them. But thankfully my father was fully on board with Hillary so NOT all men were the reason. I just think that some of those voters who couldn't vote for a woman president could have made all the difference in the world by voting for a woman this once. Trump played dirty and I don't think Hillary had enough bad in her heart to play as dirty as he did. Putin had a big influence on this election as well. Many of my friends on Facebook would follow all the lies and garbage that were posted about her based on Putin's tactics of lies to defame her character. I tried to call them out many times over, but once that seed is planted in their head it's hard to change their minds. There are so many reasons. It was so close and I commend Hilary for taking the high road in many circumstances. I would have wanted to tell Trump off so many times in public if I were running for President. He is such a disgrace to America. It makes me irrate that a person who gives their life to politics and understands the whole political process including laws, what to say and what not to say was not chosen by the Republicans as their candidate.
 so you guys gonna delete this review too?
 trash
 Horrible
 Amazing, real, thoughtful, emotional!!
 I'm so glad I read "What Happened" by Hillary Rodham Clinton. I admired her before and I admired her even more after reading it. She is a pillar of strength and a role model for all women. Excellent read.
 The worst, non factual book I have ever read that declares itself non fiction. I have been a member of the DNC for my whole life. Instead of helping the party, this book takes us back 20 years. Dont waste your money.
 Terrible! Quit crying and blaming others already! would have given it ZERO stars but could not!
 Garbage
 This was a great read! Hillary Clinton is a talented and gifted writer. This book is so well written, I couldn't put it down. She is candid, frank and honest on her experiences in running for president. This is a must read! She had me laughing out loud on a couple of occasions too! Although I'd wish she'd won, I'm happy that she is still here and standing strong. I'm sure she would have made a great president, but alas it is not to be. She is a wonderful role model and great inspiration to everyone. Her running for president was not in vain. She inspired so many people!
 Okay, I actually read the whole book. I didn’t want to; after the election, the last thing I wanted to do was to drag through 450 pages of Hillary Clinton reliving it all and dragging us along for the hell ride.<br/> Having said that, this book is worth going through. I’ll just make three points.<br/> One, it’s actually very good-humored. There are a lot of sweet/funny points and moments throughout. A lot of charm, which for some reason didn’t seem to show up on the campaign trail, is here in the telling of this story. She can tell a joke and poke fun at herself.<br/> Two, she fully accepts the blame for the loss, not once but over and over. “It’s on me,” she admits. “I was the candidate. I failed. I let a lot of people down.” I’m not sure what more people can ask of a losing candidate. She does go through some of the outside factors that for sure worked against a Democratic victory. But in the end, she gives a full-throated mea culpa. She failed to connect, and our party ended up on the losing side for these four years. That happens.<br/> Third, there’s really quite a nice finish to the book, a gracious appeal for us to be kinder to one another, for church-going folks like me to draw together with those in nearby pews. For all of us to be more community-minded and to try to understand those on the other side of the aisle, to have a softer tone in our Facebook discussions and retorts.<br/> Secretary Clinton would never have been my first choice as the Democratic candidate. And we got beat bad. But this book does shed light on some important issues facing our beloved nation, and it was worth the five or so hours I spent digesting her reflections.
 I voted for Hillary but have never been a rabid fan.<br/><br/>I loved two things about this book. First, her candor. I never expected her to be so refreshingly honest and blunt.<br/><br/>I also enjoyed reading about the inner workings of the campaign. She says she was fully prepared for the debates including DT being creepy and still, when he acted abominably, it still surprised her.<br/><br/>It was a hard book to put down.
 Only Hillary Rodham Clinton, as best she can, continue to entice us and ignite  our interest. Politics aside, this is a very intelligent woman that needs to be recognized as such. This is a very intelligent human that needs to be listen to, remembered and taken very seriously.<br/>This, for the first time ever, is an overwhelmingly frank experience through one person's political odyssey. This is from the perspective of not only a first lady but a United States Senator, speaker, and humanitarian.<br/>Not to mention, the fact that she is the first female to ever get a party's nomination for President of the United States of America.<br/>... and she lost. And she knows that. And she would like you to know that she knows that. Having said all that, she is still going to explain her ideals, vision and beliefs of America and she does it very well in this book..<br/>From a wide range of issues varying from feminism, bigotry and even the general human condition. Senator Clinton explains to us the inner workings of the political system. In a very male-dominated political system. Not to mention (as we all hope for) many shots at Mr. Trump.<br/>I found this book not only interesting but very surprising.... Hillary we are sorry, but we didn't know you had it in you.
 Finally, a Hillary that can be herself! It's a difficult read, but a must and keep a few tissues handy...you're going to need them.
 I was reluctant to read this book for two reasons. First, the election still stings. Almost every day I see something in the news that makes me feel terrible about it again. I didn't feel emotionally ready to think too hard or long about it. And would I be able to stomach it if HRC spent a lot of time blaming other people for what happened?<br/><br/>Second, I voted for HRC but I didn't consider myself a hardcore supporter. I saw her as exponentially more qualified than her opponent, and agreed with many of her policy proposals, but I didn't have fire in my bones about her as a candidate. Would a whole book sustain my interest?<br/>I convinced myself to read it in spite of these reservations, and I'm very glad I did. Rather than exacerbating my anxiety about her loss it helped me process it more fruitfully. And it unexpectedly made me a more ardent supporter of HRC. You get a real sense of her own pain, but not in a way that makes her seem self-indulgent.<br/><br/>Her chapter on what it's like being a female politician is candid, challenging, angering, and somehow also optimistic. Her wonky discussions of policy positions are enhanced with stories about how she arrived at them, and how she sometimes changed her views. Her behind-the-scenes explanation of "those damn emails" seems both fair and frustrating. Most surprising to many readers, undoubtedly, will be the presence of her religious faith throughout the book. HRC is a woman of deep faith, citing religious thinkers like John Wesley and Paul Tillich. Her discussion of racism is more informed and thoughtful than I expected. And her concluding chapters are an attempt to both acknowledge the most vexing problems currently facing the United States while also encouraging at least fortitude, if not outright optimism.<br/><br/>The book reveals a deeply thoughtful person. Even though I don't agree on every single position or proposal she advances (nor do I with any other politician, of course), Clinton emerges here as a fundamentally sincere and especially thoughtful (sometimes to an annoying fault) person who deeply loves the United States.<br/><br/>This book made me sad and cheered me up. I enjoyed reading it. I'll be drawing on it in the future. I recommend it.
 You can't just delete all the 1 star reviews from products. And everyone knows what happened already. The better candidate won.
 Incredible book written by an incredible woman.
 It lacked empathy, the negative reviews sum up my experience with the book.
 The book is about way more than just the campaign and election. My favorite part was the section on Love and Kindness and radical empathy. We can do this!
 I looked forward to reading this book and was not disappointed. A revealing insight to HRC's personal feelings and views on the 2016 presidential election. I learned many new things that us, the general public, would not be aware of that goes on behind the scenes. I actually wanted a copy to hold in my hands to feel the gravity of her words. Well worth the read.
 Not sure how being a loser warrants an entire, ghostwritten book. A couple of sentences would suffice, such as, "I lie all the time" and "I defend rapists." But instead we have an entire book of excuses and whining that a "basket of deplorables" didn't have sense enough to make her the first woman president just because she felt like she deserved it.
 I found this book to be a candid soul-searching account on Hillary's presidential campaign. It definitely is a personal narrative allowing Hillary to heal so that she can move on.  Most readers will be looking for something else when they read this, but, I wanted to understand the author's purpose.  For me it is clear, she needed to work through her game plan. In my humble opinion, her game plan worked on what was successful for her in the past.  It did not take into account the changing social/cultural environment and make adjustments.  I did get a sense that she knows this.  As I finished the book, I appreciated that she is ready to move on and out of politics.
 Summary....wah wah wah 😭😭😭
 The book is nothing but lies
 'Murica happened! People got tires of the lies and corruption.
 In the End she never really said anything about what her goals would be in offices, whit the only thing she had to offer was beening the frist woman in office which I do look froword to seeing one day, but It actually hard to find a woman I would not want in office more then Hillary. She really didn't make any of there cause look good and dragged down there cause from real problems to low level fights between the most random stuff like thing no one can really chang even if they truly tried to do so.
 Hillary Rodman Clinton's "What Happened," is a well-written, well-thought-out, look at the events that led to her 2016 defeat in the election. Clinton isn't blaming any specific person, she is, (as any intelligent, self-aware person would) examining the facts and accepting responsibility for her failure while trying to understand the complicated network of entities that worked against her from the get-go. This book is an incredible read, and despite those who may be saying otherwise, if you were/ are a Hillary supporter, or if you are simply an open-minded individual interested in hearing a different perspective to your own opinions, read this book.
 Are you kidding me? Blame. Blame. Blame. More blame.
 Don’t read. The ratings are bad, even if this book has 5 stars. Hillary takes about every thing other than herself..Don’t waste your money!
 Loved the book!
 This is the second book I have read and reviewed here by Hillary Clinton.  I consider it better than the previous one, "Living History."<br/><br/>In these pages, Hillary grapples with all the interpretations of why her campaign failed.  I am still not completely convinced that the interpretation that she was doomed from the start isn't true.  After all, the Republicans had been running against her for twenty-five years by the time she was nominated.  We Democrats gave them the opponent they expected and were ready for when we might have been better advised to throw them a curve (like Joe Biden or even Bernie Sanders).  However, Hillary's counterarguments that the Russians and Jim Comey were mostly to blame for her defeat are compelling and she admits she made several important mistakes -- just not the ones most people think she made.  For example, she did have a powerful economic message and she did campaign in the Rust Belt.  It's just that a lot of voters never heard about those things.<br/><br/>Hillary's analysis of the significance of Trump is spot on.  He represents an assault on the idea of objective facts and in this respect is a perfect clone of his master Putin.  His tweets and other rhetoric are deliberately designed to divide the people and weaken our nation, playing into Putin's hands.<br/><br/>The best parts of "What Happened" however are not about the campaign at all.  They are about Hillary's family or about the importance of love and kindness to national as well as individual life.  I wonder if the speech she gave as her father lay dying in 1993, which she writes about in the penultimate chapter, was not actually the best of her career, as Jimmy Carter's similarly maligned malaise speech was the best of his, in that they both pointed to truths that politicians should, but cannot express.<br/><br/>Hillary Clinton may not have been the best candidate for Democrats in 2016 but her net influence on American life has no doubt been positive.  I am glad she wrote this book and feel my money was well spent.  Five stars.
 Its really sad to read bout this "The tumor of the american soul" that took over united states.<br/>She is an example, and this book proves what a capable woman the world missed.<br/>I really believe in the unfairness of all this episode.<br/><br/>Tge reality tv president and the total dismiss of fact, truth and decency.
 Borrowed this book from a liberal friend to see what, EXACTLY, Hillary thinks cost her the election. I was hoping to find that she, in some small way, would admit or own up to her complete failure at campaigning. Nope. It wasn't there. Instead, she blamed everyone she could POSSIBLY think of. Pathetic, really. Wow. This should have been called "Why I'm NOT Responsible For My Own Failures and Who IS". I'm just glad I BORROWED this and didn't actually contribute any MONEY for this drivel. PLEASE save your money... spend it on most ANYTHING BUT this pile of crap!
 At this point, what difference does it make.  Hillary needs to go and spend her time being a Grandmother, making tea and cookies.
 A candid early draft to history.  I just wish that Secretary Clinton had been as candid and outgoing during the campaign (or maybe she was but we did not see it)  I know she had detailed economic plans that were realistic and achievable.  I read them on her web site.  Unfortunately, she did not emphasize that on the campaign trail or it got lost in the din of distracting themes.  It was a great read.
 A pathetic excuse for wasting paper. Worst book ever.
 I should have just read the one and two stars reviews and learned everything I needed to know about this book.
 This is a book that Hillary admits is not a comprehensive analysis of the election of 2016. That, she says, is for someone else to write. This is a memoir—that is, her memories of the events and people of the saga that was the campaign and its aftermath. She says the mistakes were many, and they were hers alone.<br/>This election will go down in history as the closest ever and the one most loaded with controversy. People are trying to pigeonhole it—was it an election about anger, resentment, race, bigotry, xenophobia, a yearning for change, a vote against Hillary, a push back against the status quo, a desire for authoritarianism? Well, that's pretty much the way Donald Trump framed it for conservatives, and that's pretty much how Hillary saw it being played out. The issues were all very emotionally charged and it worked well for the Republican Party.<br/><br/>But what about the Democrats? I took a look at the 22 page index in What Happened to see where the focus was. Predictably the Clintons, Donald Trump, and Barack Obama were mentioned too many times to tally. I tallied the page references for other topics and got: the economy (203), emails (202), and Russia (197), which dominated. Next in frequency were: women (127), guns (115), healthcare (105), and media (100). Next we have: policy(ies) (74), Jim Comey (63), change (51), truth and facts (33), coal miners (22), immigration and income inequality (22). And at the bottom we have: drug abuse (12), NRA (12), the middle class (11), Michigan (11), climate change (10), college cost (10), foreign policy, Mexicans (10), religion (9), Benghazi (9), Medicaid (9), unions (7), authenticity (7), Brietbart (6), Medicare (6), Social Security (5), welfare (4), birth control (2), education (1), and evangelicals, God, and Hispanics all at zero. The traditional Democratic strong points were at the bottom of the list, or were non-existent. All things considered, Hillary's "hot topics" were pretty boring and loaded with "policy" and "programs". Trump's MAGA slogan had greater resonance, though less substance. I think that the tenor of the race was pretty well set by Donald Trump, and yet he did not even come close to dominating.<br/><br/>It was the most closely contested election in our history. To the victors the win seemed monumental. They won in a contest where most of the "experts" said they had no chance, and in their eyes the Democrats were acting as if this was simply going to be a coronation. The losers felt crushed because all the polls, and the experts, told them they were winning. When they lost, on top of no longer controlling the House, the Senate, most governorships and being a minority in most state legislatures, the devastation was complete. It did not help, when for one of the few times in our history, the winner of the popular vote lost the electoral vote. But Hillary points out in her book that the election was so much closer than most realize. A difference of just 77,744 votes in WI, MI and PA was the difference between winning and losing. If just 40,000 people, or .3% of the voters in these three states, had flipped their votes, the outcome would have been totally different.<br/><br/>This book is hard to stomach for those who didn't want her to win, and feel that she deserved to lose. They were expecting a victory parade, but instead were the butt of the largest protest march in our nation's history. The idea that Hillary has a best selling book about her loss, and to date no one has provided them with their victory book must be galling indeed. To them I would say, "Don't read this book. It will only make you feel worse."<br/><br/>Hillary outlines in the balance of the book the mistakes she made, and the events that made the outcome so close. The mistakes were many, and she owns up to them. The private server and the emails are all on her. Absent this debacle, we might just be looking at a different book, a different White House, a different senate, and a different SCOTUS for the next thirty years. She obviously has a difference of opinion on the degree of coverage she received from the press for her emails, and she goes into a great deal of detail on where she thinks the press fell short of high journalistic standards. She admits to handling the question of disappearing coal mining jobs in a way that was misunderstood. She wishes she would have explained it better, but does not regret her position on admitting that the jobs are gone and that we must work on replacing the mining jobs with clean energy tech jobs. Donald Trump promised to bring the jobs back. And she admits it was not smart to call 50% of Trump's supporters deplorables. She also admitted to regretting it. And calling attention to Trump's racist remarks had a spillover effect on his supporters. An attack on Trump was perceived as an attack on his supporters. She couldn't win when going negative.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the book because it exposed me to names and things that were new to me—such as, Timothy Snyder (author), the Sinclair Broadcast Group, Charlie Sykes (How the Right Lost its Mind, Cambridge Analytica, and the Mercer family (Breitbart). There were parts about life on the campaign trail, her family, policy, the convention, and her daily life that I found tedious. But she does point out some areas that were beyond her control that had a tremendous impact on the outcome of the election.<br/><br/>Foremost was the October 28th letter to Congress from Jim Comey. She was leading in all the polls up till that date, and the bottom simply dropped out after that. The second letter proclaiming "nothing here" a week later did nothing to negate the impact of the first. She challenges why he would see fit to release information on the Weiner emails, while suppressing the information on the Russian investigation that had been ongoing since July 2016. Another pivotal moment was the release of the Access Hollywood video in early October, which would have torpedoed any other candidate, but this was followed up within a hour by the release of the Podesta emails through Wikileaks with the aid of Russia. Even the Trump campaign staff admitted these events were pivotal. Nate Silver, Paul Krugman, and several others have concluded that absent these two events Hillary would most certainly have won.<br/><br/>There were other events that occurred that may recur in 2020 that she warns about. The first is voter suppression. It happened in 2016, and mechanisms and laws are in place to make it happen again in 2020. Jill Stein played the same third party role in WI, MI and PA in 2016 that Ralph Nader did in Florida in 2000. Trump's margin of victory was half what Stein tallied in those three states. And sexism and misogyny had a roll in 2016 that may or may not play out in 2020. There was an entire section on what it was like to be a woman in a presidential campaign. It was eye-opening.<br/><br/>Hillary closes with an observation that post-election many Americans are estranged from one another. I fully concur. It is as if our entire social fabric has been shredded. She still feels that a Trump Presidency is a threat to our military security, safety nets, and our moral fiber. She says, "stay true to yourself and your values. Most of all, keep going...And things are going to be hard for a long time. But we are going to be okay. All of us."<br/><br/>1 like
 ended up liking What Happened more than I thought I would. I was sure it was going to be boring. It wasn't though, it was surprisingly entertaining and made me like her a little more. She spends way more time talking about her family, friends, and upbringing, than about the most shocking and upsetting political loss in history. I personally think Hillary Clinton is leading a far more full life than had she been elected. The American people are worse off but Hillary is fine.
 Trash
 Engrossing book.  At times informative and other times moving. Greatly recommend.
 Hillary Clinton narrates her book What Happened on the audiobook we're listening to in the car. It's like having her ride with us everywhere we go. We're on the last CD now and we've learned so much. We campaigned, phonebanked, doorbelled, registered voters and stayed up with all the news throughout the campaigns, 2008 &amp; 2016. It's a good story and well-told. It's herstory and should be used as a textbook for all women who run for office or are leaders and managers at any level. I think of her as Madam President because she won all the debates, the popular vote and the minds and hearts of the majority of Americans and people worldwide. She's the People's President :)
 This is a painful book to read as Secretary Clinton reveals how the press, FBI, and Russians created a perfect storm of opposition.  The press focused on Trump to the point of excluding much of her campaign speeches which may not have been as "fun" as seeing Trump ranting at his rallies.  So what we missed, if we were not looking for it, was her strategy for continuing the work of President Obama.  She is a policy wonk, a skilled negotiator and one of the most intelligent public servants of our time.  Her history with her husband is her personal business and for me has no bearing on her ability to lead this country.  She was done in by the "perfect storm" noted above, the mistakes she made, for which she takes responsibility and the continued racism and misogyny that holds this country in its grip.  Thank you Hilary Clinton.
 This book can be explained easily. The top half of the cover asks "What Happened"? And right underneath that it gives you the answer. Now you can save your time and money, and not have to listen to a woman blame everybody but herself for her hubristic arrogance .
 Barely even explains what happened
 Makes you angry at what was done to her. Makes you wonder what might have been. Hard to believe the opportunity cost.
 Very open and raw; not a typical politician book. Really enjoyed the whole book. It almost felt like therapy if you were a supporter of hers...
 cant wait to listen to this!
 It's well-written, never boring. Begins with childhood, ends with documented tales of recent espionage (definitely interesting for those who enjoy spy novels and/or want more info on what happened). Contains marvelous quotes and writings from great minds. Well thought out and researched, contains an index. And she ended with thanks to those who helped her complete the book (you didn't think she did it all by herself, did you?). Her team truly did a herculean job on this autobiography, fortified with facts, and kept it interesting throughout. My God that woman is amazing.
 Not sure why, but numerous times over the last few weeks Amazon has refused to post my lengthy and appreciative review of this wonderful book. It was the same review I posted on Goodreads (an Amazon company), so you can read it there. I'd give you the link, but Amazon doesn't allow me.<br/><br/>There are many chapters, some hits, some misses, but overall this is a remarkably honest book. Hillary's personality shines through, and she's enormously likeable.<br/><br/>The two best chapters are "Those Damn Emails" and "Trolls, Bots, Fake News, and Real Russians." They provide the two most likely reasons Hillary lost.<br/><br/>THANK YOU, HILLARY!
 I could have googled Hillary's excuses for losing and got more info. Waste of money.
 This book was an impulse buy once I had my hands on it in a store right after it was released, so it was not purchased from Amazon. After reading this I better understand what happened during our 2016 election. I learned many things about presidential races. I recommend this to everyone, especially women because it is empowering, and right now more than ever, women need to stand up and be counted. Thank you Hillary, for this insight into "What Happened."
 For $7.99, this book is TOTALLY worth it!!!  It's the perfect White Elephant Gift for all my friends.... We all love President Trump, so this is going to be a great gift swap!!!  I hope nobody else had the same idea as me!!!
 It is certainly heart-wrenching to read so now I know what she was going thru while I was also grieving for her loss.  I hate to hear critics say that she is blaming others, on the contrary, she repeatedly says it was on her not anyone else.  She was the candidate but we cannot ignore the elements around the Election that enable Trump to win.  I think it is a must-read for Democrats to understand what we are up against in the future.
 Some of my friends, like me, dearly hoped to see Hillary elected. Some were only lukewarm. An occasional dear one, for whatever reasons, probably voted for Trump, although they didn't say that outright. Hillary attempts to fill chapter after chapter chock full of facts. You can check those facts. They are a necessary, and often surprising, antidote to so much that is bruited about regarding one reproach to her campaign or another. She is able to quote chapter and verse in rebuttal. This book does what it sets out to do--it clarifies! Clarifies both what happened in the past (not regarding her alone) but also its dangerous implications for the future--and what needs to be done. Do please read it. Finally, for women and those curious about the women in their lives, the chapter on what it is like to be a woman in politics is precious--says a good deal of what no actual candidate would dare say during the election. I found that it articulated what I somehow knew but on the other hand could not sort--and certainly could not deliver to uncomprehending friends. But women will recognize her explanations regarding damned-if-you-do-and-damned-if-you-don't. I'm speaking in generalities but Hillary always speaks in specifics. So if some unfriendly readers want to denounce her as whining, they ought to rebut and lay out their case freshly--in response to those specifics. She took the trouble, so should they. In short, I'm one of those people who is very glad that Hillary has not just "shut up, like a good girl" and gone away. The book is absolutely worth reading!
 We in this house love Hillary and believe she was Robbed of the office of our President.  He needs to be impeached and the whole family loaded up and left in Russia.  Except for Tiffany.  Thank God her mother raised her.  Great Book.  Thanks Hillary I know the writing of this book Was painful.  Our hearts are still hurting everyday Cheetolini opens his mouth.  I can only imagine how you feel.
 I did not read this book, so my comment will be deleted. My curiosity is how Amazon rates it 4.7 stars. I read pages upon pages of 1 and 2 star reviews. Aside from that, 14% of reviews calculated as 1 star would certainly bring it below 4.7 stars. This is very misleading and an improper use of the rating system. Shameful...
 Great book
 interesting!!!
 I don't need to read the book to know what happened.... you happened HRC
 A poor poor read which clearly shows how deflection and not taking responsibility can encompass chapter after chapter.
 In addition to being a thorough policy wonk, Hillary is an excellent writer capable of crystal clear and moving prose. It is painful to read this book as it is a reminder of what we might have had and a more painful reminder of what we do have. It was necessary to write What Happened as Hilary does not want it to happen again. As ever, she is responsible, she follows up, and she has done her homework in documenting how she lost and why. These are lessons to be learned for the next election. The book is not some vengeful screed, it’s a measured, analytic and well documented narrative that of course includes plentiful facts and data. It’s never dry but drenched with feeling.<br/><br/>In a later chapter Hillary gets to why people resent her — like Al Gore, she is a “smarty pants”, and a female smarty pants at that. She was never that cool girl who smoked in the bathroom — she’s the drudge who got straight As and turned everything in on time. In the face of so much unwarranted hatred, Hillary has continued to fight for what’s best for all Americans, especially the disadvantaged ones. That’s the real testament of her strength and determination. In one chapter, she takes sharp aim at America’s gun policies which tragically is very relevant once again. Her positions were overwhelmingly stronger than Bernie Sanders’ whose own beliefs about guns were compromised in order to be electable in gun permissive Vermont.<br/><br/>I dare people to read this book — it may challenge a person to wonder just why they have had a negative reaction to someone who has only ever wanted to do the right thing for all Americans. Men may wonder if their negative response to her is the same response they have had to a female superior at work. Women may have to examine their own envy for someone who dared to shatter the glass ceiling and take her rightful place in the highest office in the land.<br/><br/>And for those who think Hillary should just go away, you are wrong. She was treated poorly, and we all need to know just how poorly, by the likes of James Comey, Julian Assange, Vladimir Putin and some Hideous Orange Sack of Greed and Corruption whose evident stupidity desecrates the White House.
 Makes some really good toilet paper👍🏼
 After finishing this captivating book, I finally feel like I can take a deep breath. I recommend it ~ and breathing. Thank you, Hillary Clinton. Onward Together!
 My son bought this book, which makes me proud of him. He loaned it to me. I've read a few of Clinton's books and I believe this one is the best. She covers the forces beyond her control that impacted the 2016 election. But this is above all, a book about character.  I particularly liked how she quoted wise thoughts of many great writers. Hillary Clinton is an intelligent, humorous, well read, highly seasoned public servant and politician. I offered to buy a copy for my brother but he said it's "too soon". One full year after the election, he is still too deeply dissatisfied that Americans didn't see her for the gift she is and chose instead to face an incredibly dangerous time. I'm glad I read her book to see how she rose above this stinging humiliation. One thing to lose to a worthy opponent, but to Drumpf? She spends little time on the toddler in the WH and instead shares about people who suffered much more and rose above their circumstance. Her attitude inspires me to do better in my life.<br/>History will treat Hillary Clinton well. She walks among the greats.
 I really enjoyed this book. I'm not a Clinton fanatic -- I voted for Bernie in the primaries, but supported her after she won the nomination. I felt like this was well written and thought out. No, she does not spend the entire book discussing what happened during the election, but I really enjoyed getting to know more about her life. I feel like it helped me understand where she was coming from and why she did the things she did. She brings up many great points about feminism, women in politics, politics in general, and where we can go from here.<br/><br/>I completely disagree with the people whose reviews say she blames everyone and comes across with an "It was my time attitude." There were MANY times where Secretary Clinton said things like "It was my choice. I was the candidate" or "I wish I would have..." She assumes complete responsibility for all of her decisions. I would argue that as a former First Lady, Senator and Secretary of State, she was the most qualified for the job over Donald Trump, but this isn't the place to do that.<br/><br/>This book left me with hope for our future. She lays out ways we can continue to move forward, and I felt like it left me with a renewed sense of optimism about America.
 What Happened is poignant, honest, and ultimately hopeful. The book cemented my belief that Hillary Rodham Clinton was the most qualified person to ever run for America’s highest office and would have been the president that this country desperately needs. Thank you Hillary, for paving the way for future women to rise. I’m still with her.
 I admire her strength and her stand on many issues.  I agree Jim Comey took the election away from her.  She is a strong lady who will continue to do many good things for society.
 Great read wish she was were president of the United States
 Fantastic read. Unbiased, authentic, heartfelt. She should have been our president. #Keepgoing
 This is a book written by a brilliant, engaging, insightful, courageous and reflective woman. This is her story, the way she sees things, the way she experiences things. I loved it read in her own voice.  I will listen again, I suspect. I will read it again.  I will pass it along. I found that her story is healing and hopeful.  It has made me feel more safe -- to know that despite failures and losses and adversity, she is standing and moving forward and did not give up. Hillary Clinton speaks without fear or remorse, but with clarity, purpose and strength of conviction.  She is an inspiration.
 Good biased book.
 Thorough and transparent -- an excellent explanation of what went right and what went wrong. For Trump supporters, this is a must read.
 It gave me great closure and a revitalized hope for the future.
 Boy, the Trump trolls have really been at work on this site, pushing all the crappy reviews to the top--look at the numbers!  They won't lay off.<br/><br/>I for one am very glad Hillary wrote this book, and think it was a very brave thing to do.  I'm glad she brought the gender issue out, front and center--after all misogyny slung at her, she could have hit back even harder .  I just wish she'd said some of these things before the election.  During the election, I kept waiting to hear her voice, loud and clear, a voice that might have been heard over Sanders'.  I never did.  Now we see some of the reasons why.  Advisors (male) cautioning her to be quiet, be careful, not rock the boat with Comey.  The kind of advice women get from men.  It put her in a straightjacket, she couldn't speak out, could barely breathe.  She did what she was told, beautifully, poised, every bit the lady, every move so rationally calculated.  This is what happens when women listen to men. They lose.
 Thank you Secretary Clinton for your candor and heartfelt account of the 2016 presidential election.  It doesn’t matter who you voted for in this election.  What does matter is that many outside forces had impact on the outcome.  I believe Secretary Clinton gave a history lesson on democracy as it is right now in 2017.  I fear those outside forces are still very much at large and still trying to change our way of living voting and our democracy.  She reminded us to think outside of politics and think of country, service, kindness and hope.  I think this was Secretary Clinton being her most authentic self and gave us a chance to see first hand what it feels like to go through the political process in this country night now.  It is not healthy it is divisive and it is not what we as Americans should accept.  After all is said and done Secretary Clinton is moving forward and continuing to fight for her values and causes.  She reminds us to all do the same, be a part of the process no matter how big or small.  We all count and we can all make a difference despite where we are on the political spectrum.  We are still neighbors and Americans  and all want what is best for our families and each other.  Secretary Clinton thank you for your service and reminding all of us to not lose hope and “open our hearts to love and kindness.”
 This book clearly shows why she lost - she's clueless
 Amazing book detailing a very scary time for our democracy. Hillary's own reading on the Audible version is quite impactful. Will read again and again until Russia and Trump are held accountable for what happened in the 2016 election. This book definitely helped me bring closure to what happened last November.
 Does not explain what happened. Takes no responsibility for running an awful campaign. Everybody else's fault but hers.
 Very insightful and well written.  Easy read with useful information.
 Became more of a fan after this read!
 To anyone who isn't comfortable with the reality that a dangerous, unqualified demagogue was elected president in 2016 , this book is hard to read. Clinton shares a wealth of details that take the reader through an excruciating period in our history and its tragic outcome. Some of it is political fluff – hence only four stars – but the rest reveals that Clinton is an intelligent, empathetic policy wonk who would've made a damn fine president!
 wHAT AN AMAZING BOOOK!!
 Well written, bittersweet to read.  Interesting analysis and good information about what she believes she could have done better or differently.<br/>Thanks for baring your soul. Wishing her well.
 What Happened is an incredibly candid and hard to read; book that makes you want to bang your head on the table because this can't be the world we live in. Hillary Clinton manages to capture moments in time in a way that make you feel like you're reliving them. I would assume that if you're buying this book you want to know the answer to the question 'What Happened?'. You will find many reasons and no reasons at all.<br/><br/>This book will one day be read in college classes that are taught about U.S. elections. When you open this book you must prepare yourself to relive the 2016 election and the immediate moments after. It will hurt, it will help you maybe start to heal.<br/><br/>And if you're worried that this will read like a speech writer wrote it or like Clinton's earlier book 'Hard Choices', don't be. This book reads like Hillary Clinton actually sat down and wrote it.
 I’ve never read an autobiography before where the events have happened so recently. Normally it’s a few years at least before a “ tell all “ style of writing. Having read it, I’m grateful to have a peek behind the curtains at what has been a devastating year.<br/>I’m not American , rather I’m a world citizen, who like many others is horrified at the sheer ugliness of a world leader, splitting apart , and dividing humanity . Like her or loathe her, Clinton discusses very valid points, one most striking is Russia’s calculated reinvigorated Cold War on democracy. Another striking point is how competence does not win an election.<br/>This book left me with even more questions ( as it’s happening in real time, maybe a year from now many of those questions will have been answered .  I very much respect that all throughout the book, she acknowledges where she went wrong.  So that’s why I’ve headed the review about imperfect emeralds, from the last few pages of this book.
 Buy the Audible.  You won't regret it.
 Love the book
 I was ambivalent about reading this book. I expected the author to claim the victim status as opposed to helping the reader understand all the factors that affected Trump's victory. Cinton does a good job showing what it is like to be a female nominee.
 Irrelevant then. Irrelevant now.
 After reading Hillary Clinton's summary it is even more heartbreaking to realize what we as a nation lost last November. Her warning that Russia will continue to disrupt elections and governments around the world cannot be dismissed. None of her warnings can be dismissed. I hope she continues to help us move forward. We need her voice more than ever!
 This was an amazing book which brought clarity to so many stories surrounding Hillary Clinton’s run for office.  I felt anger, sadness, and resolve while reading this book.  What she writes rings very true and I appreciate her effort and generosity in sharing this information.
 I read this book with tears in my eyes. This is a powerful feminist manifesto, well written, interesting, compelling. I voted for Hillary, the politician, but it was worth my time to get to know her as a person, a person I like, a person very much like me and like my friends. When the going gets tough, I will always think of her, what she went through, and how she held on to her dignity and her sanity against incredible odds.
 Read book that a friend had, did not enjoy after 11 pages return to owner.
 That's why she lost. Run a fair primary, run a positive campaign, stand for something rather than against something and you may win. Gonna be a long 8 years for some.
 BUY THIS CD! Loved Hilary's reading of WHAT HAPPENED. Fascinating account of her triumphs and losses running for president.
 total lies! get over it you lost.
 Not worth the money or time spent to read it.  It may be worth owning in an emergency in case you need firewood or to be cheered up because your so thankful she did loose.
 Waste of paper, the cover both asks, and answers, the question completely.  Hillary happened.
 False information
 Excellent book. Tells the REAL story about the election that Hillary won.
 It was an interesting review of how Ms Clinton lost the election
 Spoiler: She lost.
 This may be my all time favorite book! If you are a Hillary Clinton fan, it will be yours too. If you are not a fan, I still recommend the book. It is very revealing and honest. I've never heard politics told in this way,and it is so touching that she includes many personal stories about her family and friends. I can relate because I am a grandma too.
 The book is everything you wondered during the campaign.. and more.  It is frustrating to read Hillary say out loud what we were thinking along the way.  It is a cathartic experience to read the book.. especially if you agree that we are living through a dangerous and incompetent administration.  Her intelligence and thoughtfulness are almost too painful to read- especially as compared to the low brow rants coming from the POTUS on a daily basis.
 What a Book!!!!!!! Candid and honest.  As a woman I am proud of her accomplishments and she continues to fight for women and children.<br/>Good Read.....
 I'll admit I was a Hillary fan when I picked up this book, but I tried to read it fairly and as objectively as possible.  I found it to be a thoughtful and personal reflection on her life, career, and the 2016 campaign.  At times the story is extremely depressing and frustrating--especially as it relates to the closing months of the campaign and the idea of what might have been had the outcome been different--but it is also inspiring to hear her take on what drove her to run, how she dealt with disappointing setbacks, and where we should go from here as a nation.  As I said, I was a fan going into it, but I found What Happened even more fascinating than I expected.
 Is all fake news
 I bought this just to see what a whiney piece of garbage it would be and I wasn't disappointed. It's just page after page of the old bag crying over why she lost &amp; blames everything &amp; everyone except herself. Not worth the money unless you just want to throw some away.
 Trump Happened!
 if she had written this book in another 10 months i bet it would have been 350 pages or so. its a lot of analysis and reforms which is not about the election but about the changes she had envisioned. last 100 ages was the gist of it and was beautifully written. breaks my heart that this over qualified, smart lady was voted out and you can feel her pain not as much asnot wining the presidency but loosing to this guy.
 I just received this book as a gift.<br/>Wow! What a page turner!<br/>Hillary writes eloquently in a riveting personal story. An engaging read for anyone who is fascinated or perplexed by 2016 election.
 It's not a good book. It's a lie
 While I am still one of millions who are devastated, Hillary's heartfelt, "Keep Going", is a balm.
 Great book, must read for anyone who really loves politics. Definitely sheds some light on the 2016 election. Hillary is a huge inspiration for women everywhere!
 This book is pure fiction. Great fantasy story. I did not know hillary clinton was a science fiction writer. If she didnt break laws, have people killed, and wasnt affiliated with pedophiles maybe these things would be true.
 Haven't finished it yet - but it is an excellent book. It makes me laugh, it makes me cry - and it re-confirms my wish that she had won because she is a thoughtful, measured leader who wouldn't be unnecessarily putting our lives at risk, nor would she be seeking to divide us.
 This is one of the only books I've ever seen that answers the question right on the cover.
 Amazon plays games with review on this book<br/>Removes any negative comments
 500 pages of her blaming everyone else
 The wife enjoyed it. I got a big kiss, happy wife, happy LIFE.
 Hillary is doing what she always does - trying to blame everyone and everything else.  No personal accountability...
 I loved this book and despite what the haters say, Hillary does take responsibility.  She is a terrific writer. She wrote this because it will continue to happen, not just to Democrats but to anyone running for office if we do not decide to take back our democracy. We should be voting by paper ballots counted by hand.  We should also put a stop to gerrymandering. And no more open caucuses where the other party is free to come in and vote for our weakest candidate (bernie).<br/>Sorry Sanders supporters but we should not be allowing non democrats to run as democrats and certainly not those who hate our party and refuse to release their taxes just like trump.<br/>Buy the book, read it. It is excellent.
 what a jerk
 Pure garbage
 I purchased this book at Walmart.  As in her other books, she is down to earth, but also candid and angry.  Despite what other reviewers stated,<br/>Hillary does accept some blame for her defeat, but she also points out other factors (Comey, Russia, emails, Sanders).  Worth reading!
 Interesting book.  Valuable insights and warnings.  A quick read.  A good starting point for more reading on the many critical issues of our time.
 I bought the kindle version and upgraded it with the audio version. Couldn't put it down. Hearing and reading her own words solidified what I, myself, thought happened and opened my eyes to the behind the scenes happenings that only Hillary and the people closest to her could describe. Would love a follow up to this book as more information develops.
 I bought the book and the audible.  The book is well written (she masters the English language) and organized.  Thoroughly enjoyed the audible she narrated.  She is candid, honest and resilient.
 Honest and interesting....if I were here her, I would be a whole lot angrier.  Historical memoir from the first female candidate for a major political party...a unique perspective and platform to write from. She does recount her successes as well as her failures...she was mostly shut down during the campaigns by repetitious questions and by over-coverage of Trump by the media.  She is intelligent and well-informed and states her case without self-pity.
 Lies and garbage....
 I read the first chapter and couldn't put the book down.  I have not finished it yet.  Several friends have completed the book and we compare notes.  It helps me to deal with my disappointments and feelings about lost.  Great job and well written.
 This book sucks
 This book is awful.  I don’t understand how anyone can give it good review. Amazon must be fudging the reviews.
 It's the only book with the question &amp; the answer on the same cover.  The woman who was to be the 45th president gave us instead Uranium One, Fusion GPS &amp; the drip, drip, drip of Wikileaks.  Hillary Clinton lost is precisely what happened as she recounts in 512 pages of whinny cronicles.  Her thousands of email violations of natiinal security will make for more interesting reading.
 Hillary Clinton explains, with great clarity, her experience running for president. This book preserves the experiences of the first woman to run for president as the nominee from a major political party.  It was crucial that she wrote this now in order for her to document this historic and socially significant campaign when it was fresh in her mind.<br/><br/>The book is very well written, detailed and descriptive.  It gives readers a clear understanding of Clinton's reflections and opinions, in a personal way.  It illuminates the substance of Hillary Clinton's character.  It also diminishes the unbelievably harsh descriptions of her.  By telling her story, the reader is given a clear picture of the real Hillary, not the one dimensional character which is often depicted.<br/><br/>Hillary Clinton is an international icon who represents the trials, successes and obstacles faced by powerful women and all women.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this book, it gives great insight into the challenges we face today-issues that we must face and address.  I realize that many disagree with the writing of this book.  Some feel she should be quiet and just go away.  I couldn't disagree with them more.  We can't bury our heads and think we should move on from this monumental moment in our history.  We need her voice to shed light on the challenges we face in order to find a positive way forward.<br/><br/>I
 This is a thorough analysis of the 2016 presidential campaign. It breaks my heart all over again to re-live the devastating loss suffered by Secretary Clinton and America. But I love that this book allowed her to let down her guard and speak from the heart.
 You cannot polish a turd. What happened is the double standard that we know as HRC. If you want royalty, live in another country. Public servants are, and should be accountable for their actions. This is not the case for this person.
 DO NOT waste your money on this book. A colossal failure put into print.
 crap
 A great narrative by HRC, providing insight, intelligence and a roller-coaster of emotions.  I bought the book but listened to the audio version and it was told by Hillary in her own voice.  It was if she was personally telling me her story.
 I purchased the Kindle edition of this book the day that it became available. I suppose I should say at the outset that I admire Hillary Clinton and her lifelong dedication to expanding opportunities for women; her efforts to provide universal healthcare and better childcare; as well as her recognition that women's rights are human rights. This book was fascinating. Mrs. Clinton does let us know that her defeat was personally devastating, but she goes far beyond that into an analysis of why she lost the election and where Democrats need to go next. One of the most interesting and chilling aspects of the book is her discussion of Russian intervention in the form of Internet hacking and posting of false information by so-called bots. As she states, this information came out in bits and pieces, but when you look at it as a whole it is truly frightening. If the Russians have done this successfully in this election, they will continue to do so unless we really up our game on Internet security. She is also acutely aware that her message on expanding job opportunities, providing universal healthcare, and restoring our crumbling infrastructure got lost in the media storm over her e-mails. Finally, the book presents Mrs. Clinton in a way that we have never seen her before. She comes across as truly caring person concerned about her family and friends and about Americans in general, particularly the less fortunate in our society whose voices she took time to listen to, a highly unusual characteristic in a politician.
 This was a fascinating read. I was impressed by how fully Mrs. Clinton owned her mistakes while sharing her view on the election. The section on Russian influence was well supported with data and therefore scary.  Enabling Americans at all levels to distinguish between fact and fiction is critical to staying a strong country. Encouraging all who represent our diverse media to report the facts,  ma'am, just the facts is something we need to figure out. Whether or not you agree with Mrs. Clinton's politics, seeking to understand her side of the story is one step to having dialogue rather than demagoguery.
 It was good to hear Hillary Clinton's perspective on the Presidential race and to learn more about her as a person. I wish she could have been less guarded during the campaign as she was in this book. Listening to her policy positions and assessments of problems our country is facing was enlightening. It's unfortunate that we won't have the benefit of her vast qualifications in the White House. The reasons she is not there today are myriad, complex and interrelated. She takes the weight of responsibility for the loss on herself from the beginning and throughout. ("Every day that I was a candidate for president, I knew that millions of people were counting on me and I couldn’t bear the idea of letting them down, but I did. I couldn’t get the job done and I’ll have to live with that for the rest of my life. In this book, I write about moments from the campaign that I wish I could go back and do over.) Neither is she is shy about naming the role of other people and situations that contributed to her loss, nor should she be. This was not a simple election. Yet, "I was the candidate," was a common refrain and rang to me of Harry Truman's "The buck stops here." This is a well written book and I'm glad she is still using her voice.<br/><br/>Version: audio book
 Thank you Hillary Rodham Clinton!
 Wildly entertaining!  Fun and enlightening to read her view about the campaign.  Do I believe her?  Definitely! Does not men she is correct. She has a different view of the reality around her.  The trouble with mildly insane people is that they do not know they are having trouble with true reality.....
 This book is a dud.  Amazon is deleting the negative reviews to keep her score high. A much better book about the campaign is: Shattered: Inside Hillary's Doomed Campaign. https://www.amazon.com/Shattered-Inside-Hillary-Clintons-Campaign/dp/0553447084/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1514396534&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=shattered+inside+hillary+clinton%27s+doomed+campaign
 Hard to read. Hillary’s full of crap. Hard to believe anything she says!
 Although, overall, the book is written in a well-toned manner and is a genuine page turner, the pity attacks and blames on Bernie Sanders and his supporters is quite shameful.<br/><br/>I'd recommend it as a read if you're into modern American politics (especially dealings in the Democratic Party).
 I hope that everyone who reads this book is inspired by it.  It gave me hope for the first time since the election that perhaps we can get through the next 4 years and emerge a more united nation.
 Thanks for the candor! I appreciate the behind the scenes information. I'm still shaking my head about the election, and just recently felt denigrated for voting for you from a female that I have always looked up to. If I had to do it again, you bet I would vote for you!
 It's time for a second special counsel to investigate why American Marxist-Leninist agitators attempted to steal the election. There is collusion. The collusion is between the former Soviet Union and the Marxist-Leninist agitators calling themselves Democrats. "Social Justice" is a Soviet Idea, and now it's being peddled here by Marxist-Leninists order to deny the result of an election.
 A very engaging read - she explains all the moving parts in the opposition, including Russia’s involvement, and how they came together to help Trump squeak by with a win.
 This book gave me a new perspective on Hillary Clinton. Reading this I realized that I had no idea about the depth of her character.
 Thank you Hillary and thank you again.
 Pure fictional and delusional garbage. I wouldn't light a fire with it.
 This is a book that I literally could not put down.  I had no idea I would like it so much. I only bought it after reading critic after critic telling their readers that Hillary should have not written the book, she was too angry, she wasn’t angry enough, blah, blah, blah. First then, I want to thank all of them, from both the liberal and conservative media, for goading me into buying a book I initially had no interest in reading.<br/><br/>Mrs. Clinton writes about every aspect of her candidacy and defeat in the 2016 presidential election. There is a lot to like about her completely accessible memoir. My two favorite chapters among many would be “Those D—n E-mails” and “On Being a Woman in Politics.” She surely says everything that needs to be said about her e-mails and then some, saying that they dominated the news for the entire campaign. (And I read today that the president’s son-in-law has been accused of using his private server for government use.) Mrs. Clinton reminds us that one WASHINGTON POST journalist Chris Cillizza by September 15, 2015 had written  “at least fifty pieces” about the e-mails. She calls out the TIMES for its coverage of her e-mails as well. It is Mrs. Clinton’s belief that Comey’s  October announcement and the TIMES’ coverage of it affected the outcome of the election.<br/><br/>In her chapter about women in politics, Mrs. Clinton says what we all know if we would admit it: “This has to be said: sexism and misogyny played a role in the 2016 presidential election. Exhibit A is that the flagrantly sexist candidate won.” She goes on to say that sexism is so pervasive that we stop seeing it. (I would argue that the same can be said about racism.) Mrs. Clinton gives example after example in her life, going back to a professor at Harvard Law School who told her that they didn’t need any more women at Harvard, to people who came to court in Arkansas to watch the “’lady lawyer’” to people not liking her dress or voice. The list goes on.<br/><br/>Mrs. Clinton says over and over that she also takes the blame for her defeat. She, however, names all the other factors that played into the “perfect storm” that brought down her candidacy.<br/><br/>She also speaks lovingly and candidly about her family: Bill, Chelsea, her grandchildren and particularly her mother Dorothy whose life story should move even the most rabid Hillary haters. (She acknowledges that millions of people don’t like her and “it hurts.”)<br/><br/>The book is filled with quotations from the likes of Harriet Tubman, T. S. Eliot, Eleanor Roosevelt, George Bernard Shaw, Marge Piercy, Marian Wright Edelman, Ralph Waldo Emerson, Flannery O’Connor,  Nelson Mandela, Robert Frost and Henry James et al.  Here is Frost’s: “In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: it goes on.” And Henry James’: “Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. And the third is to be kind.” Mrs. Clinton has a chapter called “Love and Kindness.”<br/>One final comment: When the author makes a statement, she backs it up with paragraphs full of numbers and statistics to prove her point.<br/><br/>I doubt if WHAT HAPPENED will change anyone’s opinion of Mrs. Clinton. It will probably make her admirers (I am one)  both angry and sad.
 Could have been an intriguing recount of her journey and a humble lessons learned tale.  Instead it was entirely a rant of why nothing is/was ever her fault, a pule about being ended her birthright, and a total and complete lack of accountability, thereby essentially making it a book about exactly why she was more unfit for the office than almost anyone in recent memory.  Boo, F.
 Bill Clinton threw this book in the trash. End of story.
 What Happened is a reminder of who should have been the 45th President of the United States. Hillary Clinton describes what happened in one of the most unorthodox presidential elections in recent history and tells the story of her staff and the people she met throughout her time campaigning. For Clinton supporters, you will agree with every point Clinton makes and empathize with every emotion she describes. For those who couldn't be happier that Clinton isn't leading our nation, you'll learn that she's a real person who loves America, her family and advocating for children and families, not some unhinged megalomaniac.<br/><br/>Verdict: What Happened is a must-read regardless of party affiliation.
 Emotions felt while reading this book - shock, laughter, sobbing, anger, inspired.
 This was good to listen to Hillary's understanding of how the USA got such an unqualified President in the current holder of that race!  May he soon die.
 I love HRC &amp; I think this book would be a good READ. However, my girl Hil CANNOT narrate, at least not this book genre!
 I've never seen a book cover with the question and answer both on the cover
 All I can say is I loved this book. It was very informative. At times, it was even inspiring, despite the outcome of the election. Hillary helped to give me hope for the future.
 I bought and read the book. It's a great read. I purchased it because I was interested in her thoughts and feelings. Contrary to claims from haters and others who are only interested in trashing the author, she does take responsibility for mistakes and miscalculations. But this is not the point of the book. Hillary is the author, and the book is a wonderful expression of her voice as the first woman to run for President.
 Since this is not a five star review it will not be included or it  will be deleted. About time Amazon's and Washington Post's owner commented on the apparent manipulation of these reviews. About the book itself: It's as the reviews in the press reortt.
 As my 8 year old said Why is she still talking about this?  Excuse filled book shows why she really lost.  Because she thinks she knows better than everyone else.  Maybe try going to Wisconsin just once.  Stop taking weeks off the trail and four day weekends.  That’s WHAT HAPPENED.  THANKS HILLARY.  WHAT A LETDOWN.
 I'll save you $15 and a 5 hours on nonsense.<br/>She lost.
 Even if you don't agree with her politics (which I don't really) or her solutions (which I mostly don't either), she's been in politics for a long time, and she actually has a pretty clear eyed view of the problems the country faces. There are more problems than she mentions, but the ones she talks about are described very well.<br/><br/>The book comes across as the authentic her. I think that she's probably figuring that she won't be running for office anymore and neither will Bill (and I think that Chelsea is probably smart enough to stay out of it), so she can be more of herself.<br/><br/>Interestingly, when she talks about solutions to implement now in the section at the end, her solutions fit quite well with libertarian philosophy, because they are grassroots solutions, not ones imposed by the government.<br/><br/>When she talks about the future, she focuses on the Democratic Party and what it can do to regain ascendancy, which makes sense, because she's a Democrat and heavily invested in the Democratic political machinery.
 Truthfully told.  Painstakingly written , there are a lot of lessons to be learned and her encouragement  and resilience uplifted my spirits to move  "onwards together".  Thank you Hillary Clinton for your untiring service to the public.
 Informative great insight into the life and times of this amazing family. Nothing off limits every young girl should read or listen to this book.
 Sad!
 Excellent, honest appraisal of campaign, well-written
 Straight talking and to the point of how the campaign trail was among other things. An enlightening read.
 Interesting to read her take on the election. We must heed her warning about Vladimir Putin and the Russians.
 Terrible book, although insightful into the mind of an egomaniac. We, Americans should all thank God everyday, with great reverence, that she is not POTUS.
 Funniest fiction novel I've ever read . A laugh a minute and exactly what I expected from that phony . I only paid $7.19 including shipping cause I waited to buy a cheap used copy . Now please you and the rest of your freeloading family go away and stay away ! Trump 2020 .
 Disappointing denial of the loss, by one who committed political suicide and is blaming others for the suicide.
 "What Happened?"?????  REALLY????? TRUMP HAPPENED!!!!  😂 😂 😂
 Excellent Book
 What happened was Hillary thought she was beyond reproach.
 Ha ha ha ha ha ha!!!! Read this them don't get this book.<br/><br/>It's everyone's fault but mine.
 SORRY!!! WORST BOOK EVER!, GLAD TRUMP WON!
 I bought the book because I wanted to hear from her what she thought happened and how we ended up where we are. However, in reading the book her words have resonated with me on many levels. Because I work, have a family and have a very strong personal drive to succeed and grow in my chosen career, I've been subject to my fair share of unsolicited observations in regard to what a "good wife and mother" should be. It was refreshing to hear from a woman like Hillary that I don't live in a vacuum, despite the fact that it often feels like I do. Additionally, early in the book she attributed a few chapters to how she grieved her loss following the election. Having experienced a good bit of personal loss in the form of family passings, reading about how she processed the loss and what she did and read to work through it registered with me strongly. Whether you voted for her or not, whether you agree with her policies or not, this book goes beyond the petty politics and talks about her first hand experience and answers the question that plagued her throughout the election - who is the real Hillary Clinton and why should we believe anything she says. To me she came across and authentic, honest and real. This is an excellent book and one that I strongly recommend. Especially to women that have been vilified for being aggressive, bossy, pushy, or more forward then a proper woman should be simply because their drive to be successful or have a career outside of the home drove counter to what society deemed appropriate.
 This was painful to listen to (and she is not the most natural-sounding narrator, as I  listened to the Audible version before coming back to buy a hardcover version). But she lays out the oversights and mistakes she and her team made, as well as the unconscionable choices by Comey and the media, and the Russians targeting social media, in a clear, concise and orderly fashion, exactly like someone with decades of experience with the law and government would. The whiny one-star reviewers on here are, frankly, laughably transparent and likely "fake news" themseves.
 This book was an intelligent and balances and wonderfully personal look at this campaign. Hillary's writing is personal and personable.  Highly recommend!!
 This book was filled with insights as well as a very interesting look at running for the highest position in the United States of America.<br/><br/>Ms. Clinton takes us on a journey of her career and we learn the why's and wherefores of being a First Lady, Senator, and Democratic Party Nominee for President of the U.S.A.  She, doesn't hide her motives nor feelings at pride of being nominated, nor the pain of defeat.<br/><br/>At the conclusion, the reader is given a type of guideline to follow for future campaigns. It will motivate new and upcoming candidates for offices, local, state and, federal.<br/><br/>I'm very glad I read this book and got an insider's look at the campaign of 2008 and 2016.
 Ecelent
 I found it to be candid, informative, and inspiring. I came into this book with an open mind, as both the reviews and the talkshows I've seen have had mixed reactions, and left with a new respect and an appreciation for Clinton's insight.
 I love Hillary and her book is honest and to the point.
 There does seem to be some problem with Amazon's review process. I actually did purchase this book, but that doesn't show. I enjoyed it but I was not neutral. I'm still with her and intend to support many of the causes she supports.
 I've been a Hilary Clinton fan for years and supported her in the 2016 election.  I regret that the election ended as it did. Thank God we had the Obamas to prepare us for this this ordeal with Trump and company.  I look forward to learning more about the new organization and feel it will be a great help in the future.
 Garbage.
 Love Hillary! Great book!
 Simply stated: if this book’s purpose was to make me feel worse about the results of the election, it succeeded. Our current president couldn’t have put together one of these sentences let alone shown the foresight and planning that would have made this country very different from the shambles it is today if the election reflected the popular vote.
 It's about time we knew "what happened."
 Although the book starts slowly it builds to a powerful and thoughtful conclusion and is packed with sharp insights from Hillary Clinton and a judicious helping of details from the 2016. The second half of the book is especially memorable. This is a great book, full of blunt political and personal opinion and offering a positive vision for our future as a country after the disaster of electing someone completely unqualified and inappropriate for the office. 
 "What Happened" was... SHE LOST AND NEEDS TO GET OVER IT!
 Excellent book. Obviously the bad reviews here are from Trump supporters. Guess they can't handle the truth
 I've been reading such contrasting comments about this book, and I see in the criticisms that Hillary should just slink away to hide as she accepts  a quick descent into irrelevance. I think those are the same people who refused to be fair to her in the first place. This book is a valuable tool that explains her take on the factors that contributed to the loss of the electoral college. I learned a lot because she pulled all of the events together into a cohesive pattern instead of the drip, drip, drip of events throughout the campaign. I recommend this book to anyone who wants to know more than the pundits choose to feed you.
 First, I couldn't put it down. I never thought that this book would be a page turner. Second, I didn't realize how much the election affected me psychologically, the first third of the book I had tears in my eyes while Hillary's words helped heal the enormous wound I carried in my heart. After the election I felt like women got put in their place again and I had no one to talk about this with. My husband, though very supportive, was unable to understand this, he is a man after all. This book was therapeutic and it made me fall in love with Hillary. I wish she had published this book before the election, I was a Hillary supporter and advocate but after this book I am passionate about her... maybe I would have fought harder for her had I known this beautiful private side of her. I would love to meet her someday and thank her for writing this book
 it was great
 Tells it like it is and pulls no punches.<br/>She warned us about Trump and she was right.<br/>I'm sure she will be happy to know, many in the GOP are now admitting they were wrong to support Donnie.
 I opened the book with trepidation, mostly because I'm still devastated by what happened in November, 2016, but was pleasantly surprised. I felt as if Hillary was speaking directly to me, explaining (with facts and documentation) what happened to cause her to lose the presidential election, but also taking responsibility for many of the things that caused the defeat. Clinton is human, her team members are human, and unfortunately, indulging in 20/20 hindsight is too little too late. Still, the book offers hope and optimism for the future, and a renewed sense of purpose to move our country forward. I could have done with less of the biographical information, but otherwise the book was riveting, timely, and informational.
 Candid, inspiring, kind, thoughtful.  I'm a Hillary fan, obviously.  Haters gonna hate; that's why the book either gets five stars or one.  So reflective of the world that Trump is destroying.
 I could not put this book down! Brilliantly written, insightful, painful and informative rendering of the 2016 election and what she was up against.<br/>Unlike what the critics say, she does take responsibility for her mistakes and will always be haunted by what she could have done better.<br/>There were times I was moved to tears imagining what could have been instead of what we are living now. She admits she was not a great candidate but I'm sure she would have been a great president although who knows what the Republicans would've done to undermine her every move. Whether you like HRC or not, you should read this memoir. She uses words, she knows many good words that you know who would not even begin to understand.
 You might be uncomfortable listening to this, but nonetheless you should. Hillary has no more campaigns to win, so you’re hearing her unfiltered account of what happened. And if you care about our future, you should hear what she has to say.<br/><br/>Russian hackers, Comey, voter suppression, false equivalence in the media and more... these are not excuses. If ONE had been different, we’d be living in a very different world now.<br/><br/>This book is filled with grace, through and through. I wanted to cry again and again that a person who is so compassionate, thoughtful, and brilliant could have been our president. And we didn’t get to have that.<br/><br/>It was painful to relive those nightmare days around the election. But it was therapeutic as well. This book isn’t only a postmortem, but a path forward as well. She may not be in the Oval Office, but she’s still in our corner.
 I got the DVD's. excellent.  I have been a following her way back when she was in College and single.  She spoke at her College Commencement speech at Wellesley and Time magazine published her article.  This was way before her ever meeting Bill.  She is so smart and has always tried to make people lives better. But it's a man's world in this country.
 Yes, Ms. Clinton's latest book spends time fluffing and buffing  with praise for her hardworking staff, her friends and family's  support, her late mother, her memories of being young and ambitious in the troublesome 1960s. And yes, there is some mild complaining about her opponent, Sanders, but it is politely stated and actually, it's her right to give her two cents on the matter.  She was the Democratic candidate and has every right to her views. The so-called griping and claims of sour complaints is just not here. Not in the pages I've read and I read every single one. If you continue reading beyond the first 200 pages or so...this is a thoroughly elucidating case study on exactly what the title refers to--but only when you get into the last two hundred pages does it intelligently, and painstakingly point out the exact horror of what, indeed, happened.  So hang in there and suspend judgement until you get to this important part of the book.<br/><br/>Just today, we got the harrowing news that Trump has not signed the order to sanction Russia-- which was strongly approved by Congress. And if you read Ms. Clinton's book from about page 300 on to the end, you will see that Trump &amp; Co,. is so deeply involved with Russia; it makes the collective head spin. The other fact is, that only a week ago or so we learned that FOUR (mostly his family members) of his cabinet  have used private email servers--this was soon forgotten in the mainstream press--FOUR.<br/><br/>Fact is, the sins of the media, the fact that there was so much interference on Facebook  fake accounts, Google, etc, that fed into the demonization of Clinton has lead to a Presidency on life-support. And we are the suckers. The American people who fell for an inept Reality TV Star personality, who still refuses to show his true self by making his taxes public--as all previous Presidents have done in the Modern era-- should fill our nation with horror and shame. For the slander we heaped on this woman--who is not perfect, by any means. No one is. But because she is female, we have a staunchly patriarchal culture that still expects women to be something that just doesn't exist. And if that ideal is not met, you are relegated to Salem for your witch-hanging--which is what the Republicans did and with relish.<br/><br/>For shame, America. This woman may not be the greatest individual to appear to serve our nation, but she is a far more capable candidate who, if anything, would have protected Obama's legacy and kept in place all of the things Trump's team is now dismantling  before our very eyes.
 Good read
 Yep.
 This is a must read!
 Very interesting.  Makes you wish we had intelligence, compassion, class, and Clinton in the White House.  Even people who do not agree can enjoy and learn from the book for its explanations of the 2016 election.
 Wordy.  More focused on blaming others
 Really fantastic book. I highly recommend listening to the audiobook to get the full effect--which is hearing Hillary authentically tell her story. This book is an intelligent look at what happened, all put in context of the last couple of decades and looking towards what can be done in the future.
 This is a very well written account of what happened in the 2016 election.  As a concerned citizen, I followed the election very closely and so was not that surprised by what she wrote in the book.  I think she laid out the evidence very clearly.  I have always been impressed by the unwavering commitment Hillary Clinton has shown for the American people over her many decades in service to the country, but after reading this book I feel I understand her even better.  What a complete and utter travesty for this country that she is not our President.  At least there is some small bit of solace in the fact that over 3 million more people voted for her.  I give this book 5 stars.
 I just started the book. I love everything about Mrs. Clinton. Thank you.
 I liked it, despite the excuses. We all want to know what happened!
 Absolutely terrific!  Parts of it are, of course, soul-crushing, but there is so much wisdom here.  It is authentic, heartfelt, and often funny.  Left me with a sense of closure but also a great deal of hope for the future.  SO glad I read it!!!
 Saw a side to her I haven't seen.  As a mom and grandmother...didn't see her warm side as first lady and through all of her years in the public eye.
 I read this book the first weekend it was out because so many people were making mention of it on television and social media, I wanted to find out for myself.  First of all, most of them did not read the book.  They must have read someone's bad version of the Cliff notes of the book.  Hillary Rodham Clinton makes an outstanding review of the process of running for president of the United States.  If you plan to run for office, especially if you are a women, this is a MUST READ.  She does not whine about losing, she shows the facts using solid evidence about incidents that changed her poll numbers...facts.  The book was hard to read because it is so backed up by research, investigations, and statistics...but I am glad I did.  Good luck to any woman intending to run for office in the United States.
 I am so happy Hillary Clinton wrote a book and narrated her masterpiece.  I have always had great respect for her and her intellect.  She will always be my hero.  I wish she didn't teather herself during the campaign, but no one could have anticipated the Russians meddling!  Her story is worth the time!
 A lot of opinion leaders in the media have complained that What Happened should never have been written. Of course, if they did their jobs with any integrity in the first place, it would not need to be written because the competent person would have won the election. What Happened is Hillary Rodham Clinton’s memoir of loss and bewilderment and her attempt to make sense of the atrocity of the 2016 election. Throughout the book, Clinton owns mistakes she made and sometimes owns mistakes she did not make, not challenging the Wednesday morning quarterbacks whose analysis always led to prescriptions that agreed with their long-held predisposition.<br/><br/>Clinton is recognizable to so many women as the hard-working grind that does so much work for so little credit. She is all the competent and credentialed hardworking women upstaged by the schmoozing schmucks whose only credentials are their genitalia. We know this story, we have seen it happen hundreds of times, but this time it hurt because we dared to believe that for once, competence would not lose to a personality cult. We were wrong, but not really. Competence won the most votes and the incompetent bigot only won with extraordinary interventions and assistance.<br/><br/>Clinton discusses James Comey’s indefensible letter in late October. There is no reasonable analysis that shows Trump winning without that nauseating act. Comey claimed he felt nauseated that his action may have influenced the election, but that is self-serving double talk. He could puke his guts out until his teeth rot and his jaw disintegrates and it would not compensate for the damage done. He acted unilaterally, against all policies and traditions of government, and he knew what he was doing when he sent a letter to Jason Chaffetz, one the dozens of Javerts who have been trying to find one single thing Clinton has done that is illegal for some thirty years. It is useful to remember that Comey himself was one of those Javerts, investigating Hillary during her husband’s administration. This was a small man’s revenge for his failure.<br/><br/>Here’s the thing. Hillary Clinton has been investigated by hundreds of federal and state investigators who have known that their career would be made if they could bring her down. There have been dozens of congressional investigations by rabid partisans whose hold on power was based in part on their ability to find some crime. Despite all that, they failed to find anything. Any rational person would see that and conclude Hillary Clinton was fundamentally honest. Instead, many people, including people who should know better, saw all the smoke from the many fires set by partisans and concluded there must be something there. There was – a decade’s long character assassination that irrational, unthinking, illogical people fell for. Clinton is more empathetic to the fools who believed those lies than I am. It requires a deliberate choice to ignore evidence and fact to believe that with so many highly motivated and partisan investigations that failure to find evidence of corruption was somehow a sign of corruption.<br/><br/>Clinton considers the many factors that influenced the outcome of the election. She emphasizes the effects of Comey’s stabbing democracy in the heart, Russian poisoning the media and social media, and Republicans undermining the right to vote. She also looks at her own failings, most of which can be easily summed up with the simple fact she is female. She also considers the false choice that Sanders is pushing on the Democratic party–his opportunistic suggestion that Clinton failed to connect with the white working class and the Democrats need to drop identity politics. He is wrong, he is pushing the party to the right on abortion rights, civil rights, and human rights and Clinton is right to challenge him and name his prescription as a false choice. She points out that she had a strong economic message, but it was ignored by a media perhaps best exemplified by the embarrassing example of failing upward, Chris Cillizza, who ran more than fifty stories about her emails by the end of 2015 and yet continues to think he did nothing wrong. It’s no surprise he is among those who think Clinton should slink away in shame and shut up the “F” up (as more than one headline demanded) because he certainly does not want to spend two minutes thinking about his role in electing Trump.<br/><br/>We need this book. Unfortunately, the people who most need to read it won’t. I am sure Chris Cillizza looked for his name in the index and read one paragraph and will still share his opinion as though he read the entire book for the rest of his miserable life. My family who voted for Trump won’t read it because they don’t want to know or recognize the fundamental decency of Hillary Clinton. They need to cling to the monster they created because only that monster can excuse their vote for the filth who sits in the Oval Office today.<br/><br/>This is a hard book to read. I could only read one chapter at a time and needed a break. The contrast between the competent and brilliant woman who won the popular vote and the ignorant and belligerent thug who won the electoral college is too stark. It is painful to read about her policy ideas and contrast them to Trump’s inhumane, racist, and anti-women policies and his vicious neglect of Puerto Rico. This is not the usual contrast between Democrats and Republicans, this is the difference between decency and indecency.<br/><br/>There is too much regret. I was one of those people who mainly expressed my support for Clinton in a secret Facebook group. When friends of mine on the left were sharing stories that were obviously false and I investigated the source and discovered it was a site in Macedonia run by Serbs, I knew in July that there were fake news stories originating from Russia. I pointed that out to these “bros” and only infuriated them more. They were so committed to hating her that post-convention they still could not recognize the lies. This election has been a vicious reminder that women are still third class citizens, without constitutionally guaranteed rights beyond suffrage, only statutory ones, and that a lot of men and even some women want to keep it that way.
 Although there may be too much on her general views and work on causes, I admire her tremendously for tracing the election and the awful things that happened. Unlike what many people say, Hillary does accept blame for some of the flaws and goofs during the campaign. But her analysis and interpretation are candid and absolutely spot-on, and she understands the dynamics of gender and how they played a large role in the election. It took courage to open up like this and tell how she reacted personally. In addition, What Happened will be an indispensable contribution to the historical account of the 2016 election.
 Enjoyed the book. It's a shame that an archaic, undemocratic system overturned the votes of millions.
 Brilliant and perfect. What is happening now, of course, makes it all the more potent.
 My admiration and respect for Hillary have increased after reading this book. She admits her mistakes but also explains so much about herself. In my mind, she is a hero for all of the work she has done for our nation's benefit. If only...
 What a hot pile of garbage this way.  I expected a pathetic comedy....but it wasn't even funny.  Just pathetic.
 A brilliantly written book that is a therapy session for both Secretary Clinton and her supporters. It delves into the insane election, the rampant sexism and fake news that abounded during it, and gives a wonderful background into her past work. It was hard to listen to - reliving the nightmare! - but also wonderful to know she has been thinking the same things we all have.
 A flawed and ferocious woman! Proud to be a fellow nasty girl. Keep going Hillary, we are still behind you.
 Just a fantastic read; it's so good. You can 'hear' Hillary's voice in each sentence. It's honest, raw and 100% fantastic. Worth every penny. Can't wait to re-read it but it's already been borrowed out to another fan.
 This book made me love Hillary more than I already did. The writing is raw in places; obviously it was as cathartic for her to write as it was for me (and millions of other Hillary-voters) to read.
 I am buying the audio version Hillary's What Happen book. I am an insomniac and listening to Hillary speak will put me to sleep in minutes. Much better than sleeping pills.
 Wonderful writing as always. Once again, the open authentic sharing that distinguishes Clinton's communication style. Like being there with her.
 I really like the book. It is well written, easy to understand and it gives me the answers that I wanted to hear directly from her. I think it may have some big words that certain people will not be able to understand for lack of education. However, I truly believe that bitterness, jealousy, insecureness, and hate may not allow people really understand the content of the book and I won't recommend that they buy it if that is the case.  Mrs. Clinton explains what she went through with such negative campaign and how the country was divided and she is entitled to express her feelings and opinions...I highly recommend buying this book for those that are open-minded.
 This is my first Amazon review ever, but I felt I needed to express how much I have loved and appreciated this book (and woman). To the people who say this book is excessively longwinded, I disagree and feel somewhat sad for their attention spans. In-depth detail and thoughtful conversation is so much of what we lacked in 2016 and what we continue to lack in our Twitterhead president... In my opinion, this book gives a thoughtful, intelligent, and often quite humorous insight into the campaign and the author. I particularly appreciated the "what I do in a day" chapter. Others may find it boring; I found it refreshingly lighthearted and entertaining.<br/><br/>I bought this book on Audible and have listened to it while walking and cleaning the house. It's pleasant hearing HRC read it in her own voice. I especially like the parts when she laughs a little at her own jokes. :p
 Beautifully written and amazingly thoughtful insight. I absolutely loved this book. I cannot wait to purchase more for gifts!
 Excellent insight into one of the most interesting, accomplished, intelligent politicians of our time.
 A powerful and evocative biography of Hillary Clinton the person, and her 2016 groundbreaking campaign to become the first woman President of the United States.<br/><br/>SUMMARY<br/>Hillary showed tremendous strength and courage in the 2016 election, and she doubled down on these qualities by writing this compelling post-campaign analysis. She identified her challenges and takes responsibility for her decisions in the controversial campaign. She details her thought process in her decision to run, her challenges in the primary campaign with Bernie Sanders, and her failure to adapt to Donald Trump’s gorilla tactics. She discusses the email issue, the FBI investigation, James Comey, the media, Putin’s interference, Russian hacking, sexism, fake news and many other issues. She was the most competent democratic nominee to ever run for the presidency, her version of what happened in the campaign, is an important part of history that we can and should all learn from.  Not just because the most competent candidate lost, but because most importantly, the integrity of our election process and in fact, our democracy was compromised in many ways.<br/><br/>“I never imagined that he  Putin] would have the audacity to launch a massive covert attack against our own democracy, right under our noses -- and that he'd get away with it."<br/><br/>"I think it's fair to say that I didn't realize how quickly the ground was shifting under all our feet. I was running a traditional presidential campaign with carefully thought-out policies and painstakingly built coalitions, while Trump was running a reality TV show that expertly and relentlessly stoked Americans' anger and resentment."<br/><br/>REVIEW<br/>WHAT HAPPENED is a honest and enlightening book, not only about the campaign but about next steps for all of us. It’s about moving forward and healing the division in this country. Hillary is a brilliant writer who eloquently reveals her most personal thoughts during one of the most challenging times of her life. I listened to the Audible book and hearing it in her voice was just perfect.  This intimate review of Hillary’s experiences will serve as a tremendous guidebook for us all, but perhaps particularly for the young women who desire to follow in her footsteps and attempt to once again break through that ultimate glass ceiling.  Keep Going!<br/><br/>“And maybe if I showed that I wasn’t giving up, other people would take heart and keep fighting, too.”
 What Happened by Hillary Rodham Clinton is one of the best books I've ever read.  Wow!!! What a wonderful book.  I highly recommend this book.
 Love this book
 Hillary is probably the smartest woman this pathetic nation has ever produced.  "What Happened" represents the pinnacle achievement of a lifetime of incredible accomplishment.  Not only an astonishly masterful analalytical treatment of the election it is a surpassingly brilliant work of literature, an instant major classic, that will be read for instruction and pleasure by future generations of readers.  May America suffer for rejecting the magnificence that is Hillary.
 I had seen many on social media and in the press criticizing the book and Clinton for blaming everyone with no responsibility for her role. I wanted to see if they were right. It is clear to me now that these people haven't read the book. Clinton is effective in taking responsibility, covering the facts, covering the emotions. What is more, the book's behind the scenes explanation show personality, humor, and authenticity that is rarely present in the media's filtered view of Clinton.
 Honest, intelligent, humble, sharp, authentic, factual, articulate, convicted, hopeful. What happened? America lost out on having a TRUE leader as president.
 Hillary tells it like it is and like it was.
 After the disappointment of the 2016 election, I was very interested in reading Hillary's story. This book is much more than just a recap of the events, and proves what a thoughtful and inspirational person Hillary Rodham Clinton is. I recommend this book to all who want to learn more about the political process and what made Hillary the woman she is, and especially young women who want to improve the world in which we live. That she was not elected is truly America's and the world's loss.
 Compulsively readable, perceptive, eye-opening and insightful. I could not put "What Happened" down. Read it to understand what was really going on behind the scenes of the circus-like 2016 presidential election.
 illuminating and heartbreaking. WHY ISN'T SHE OUR PRESIDENT?? if only we didn't kill the world...read it.
 Really warm and honest telling. She is the President we really did elect. Now we go on to make our country better.
 This book made me realize how much we all really lost in November. She would have been an amazing President.
 If you want to know what happened in the last election, here it is. You don't have to like Hillary or to have voted for her.
 A required read for those who still believe and respect the foundations of our democracy. A required read for those who respect her and those who claim they don't. Simply put - a required read.
 Great book. She writes with great candor about her feelings. Of course this is not the book for the Hilary haters.
 Excellent! A must read by a smart, experienced and surprisingly introspective woman.
 Wasn’t sure I would want to read this book but I’m glad I did.
 I must say, this book wasn't what I expected, it was very informative and I enjoyed listening to it from beginning to end. I see her in a different light now, I'm glad she wrote it!
 I started reading this book and along with 50 million or so Americans I have many sleep disturbed nights knowing I will wake up to another day of living in Gotham city.<br/><br/>Reading the first two sectons of this book I never realized how cruel our great and noble government leaders could nominate such a crude and controlling foul mouth dictator to the highest level of government to take over our nation and decide what's best for us.<br/><br/>So far I have read two chapters and I can finally pull myself out of this twilight zone I'm in thanks to a powerful book that speaks about how a woman was overthrown by corruption at the highest levels.<br/><br/> I watched  and researched rhe unfolding of this american tragedy. As I read the book, I will comment on the substance and reality of a strong womans story of putting myself in her shoes.<br/><br/>This book has so far revealed to me how even the most qualified candidat can be thrown to the side by lies and deception of a currupt and controlling empire that have deceived us by using divide and concur warfare tactics against our nation.<br/><br/> I highly recommend you all read this book no matter what beliefs you may hold  or where your views lie on the left to the right so that you can see how political warfare works and is tearing our nation apart and we are all pawns to it.<br/><br/>. .. No american is to blame.  Hillary will tell from the inside what happened and  make no mistake on this. Its bigger than you can imagine.
 Great read!! A great woman of courage and strength. She might not have won the 2016 presidential campaign but she is winning. ❤️❤️
 YOU owe me this presidency. It's mine! All mine!!
 Insightful and personal look into the mind of one of our most admired women.
 Clinton is a skilled and talented writer who's is both able to paint an intimate picture of her run for President but also step back and view the years in their historical setting. Reading this book makes one wonder where the demonization of her comes from and is sustained, as the women portrayed is thoughtful, passionate and someone who's drive and determination for the best for America and Americans is clear.
 This is a great book. It was good to read about what HRC was thinking at critical point during the 2016 presidential election.
 Reading what happened by the lady herself was truly inspiring. This is the first book I have ever read by Hillary and she is a wonderful writer. Reading this was also hard... when you hear her words you truly understand how qualified she truly was for this position.
 I'm still with HER!
 Finished this book in a week. It's impossible to walk away from reading this without feeling like we got robbed. Our country missed out on the best president and leader we will never see.<br/>I like to believe history will remember her kindly. A smart, ambitious, generous, tough and inspiring woman who broke walls and cracked ceilings. A woman, so important and special, that powerful men did everything they could to keep her down. Yet- still she did rise.<br/>I was moved to tears, filled with anger, resentment and yet I couldn't put it down. She promises that Putin hasn't had the last laugh- let's hope so.<br/>My son also got a short mention of gratitude in her book! She was so careful to remember all the little people who supported her long journey. I am so grateful to HRC.
 great
 Just a bunch of excuses
 I am not from America, but since American presidential campaign gets the attention of whole world, it is inevitable to follow it. For me it wasn't about Trump or Bernie or Hilary, but when Hilary lost, I at other end of the world had a feeling "Damn a woman who probably has spent her lifetime training for this job is yet not good enough... if not she, then who!" as apart from many other tones, the final fight also came across a battle between the sexes. (if not sensibility)<br/><br/>This book is heroic and tragic! As Aristotle puts it "Tragedy is, then, an enactment of a deed that is important and complete, and of  a certain] magnitude, by means of language enriched  with ornaments], each used separately in the different parts  of the play]: it is enacted, not  merely] recited, and through pity and fear it effects relief (catharsis) to such  and similar] emotions."<br/><br/>Great heroes make tragedies that hit us deep in the soul.. and this is what Hilary did for me with this book. I am not debating about Democrats or Republicans or Bernie... those are the nuances of the politics and culture as to why Americans chose Trump over Hilary is best left to them. As a person distant from this, a woman reading another woman's preparation for this biggest battle, her emotions and thoughts, how she as a woman has double the scrutiny, double the attention n criticism for every action.<br/><br/>Its not just about 77 cents to a dollar but also how a woman who has to work zillion times more to be ready n accepted for the same space as a man. It happens to you and me everyday. I prepare ten times more, have to be correct always to earn the same respect as my male colleagues. Every topic she shares - gun control, unemployment and her thoughts on those... you can't help but marvel at the clarity and most important her 'practicality'. As a project manager for a decade, I know how people get swayed by ideas and you are just the spoil sport by saying... "ok, fine but how do we get about doing that" and same is reflected page after page with her.<br/><br/>if nothing then just read it like a piece of fiction, and its a superb entertainer, just hits you hard in the face for so many things! I think world lost a great opportunity in Hillary, not just America, I just wish she had stood for candidacy at another time when we could see her leading. Truly, if not she, then who!
 I don't understand the people who didn't like the book. Actually, yes, all of them are predisposed to criticize her no matter what she does. The purpose of the book was to explain why and what happened in 2016 presidential campaign. And it is explained. Like it or not it is the TRUTH. Hillary has been always truthful, on the contrary of the opponent. She explained genuinely her feelings, every event during those 2 years. She shows us for zillion time that she is a human with all human, normal feelings. What is wrong with that? What is wrong with explaining moments of her private life and her work? No matter if she is the public life or not, some people will always find what to gossip about her and spread fake news.<br/>I am sorry that so many people didn't understand the book at all. It's a pity not to have the level of intelligence and human heart to enjoy this book. I am grateful she wrote it! We missed the opportunity to have an exceptional, knowledgeable and unique President! Understand the book at least.
 Insightful book. Humanizes Hillary and I think both liberals and conservatives should give it a go. Go in with an open mind and decide how you feel after reading it in entirety
 Love Hillary's book!
 Ms. Clinton finds incredible strength and grace in defeat as she uses this format to dissect her loss. A valuable resource for those of us wondering what to do next.
 Hillary calls it like it is. Our country was disgraced by an imposter who refuses to admit he lost and she won the popular vote. I applaud her for telling her story and truth. She will forever be my candidate.
 I purchased this as hardcover for over $34.00 in a new bookstore cum coffee/teas/wine boutique called The Reserve, on Tamiami Trail. I say this to confirm my legitimate purchase, or you won't post my review.<br/><br/>Ms. Clinton's book is fully engrossing, and I give it 5 stars for these reasons:<br/>An inside chronicle of a candidate's work during an election campaign.<br/>A review of historical events that help shape the U.S.<br/>A personal, in-depth revelation of its author.<br/>A pleasure to read - easy, yet engrossing style.<br/>Call it PolyAnna or bossy, Ms. Clinton's ideas and advice for going forward make sense. Testing Ideas is better than sticking in the mud.<br/>Finally, it is clear that Ms. Clinton's intellect and indefatigable drive make her less warm and fuzzy as a personality. Maybe we have to have met many people different than ourselves to trust and appreciate the unfamiliar: to see layers of reality. Reading her words makes it easier to understand Hillary Clinton, even to like her. Those who stiffen at Hillary Clinton stiffen their own path to inner growth: In generosity of understanding we make our future better.  This biography helps us to understand....
 This was a tuff book to read. As a woman, as a Hillary supporter, it was a tragic loss. A lot of what she says is just scary. She is brutally honest, and it comes through in her writing. There are some laughs but they are short lived. If you're a HRC fan you will enjoy it.
 Loved Hillary's book; her kindness and thoroughness show through<br/><br/>Hillary takes much of the blame herself and encourages others to keep fighting for the values we hold dear.<br/><br/>it's a great read and I'm listening on Audible too; it's nice to hear her voice
 If there ever was a time for us to pause our busy lives to pay attention, this moment is it. What Happened grants the reader an unexpected gift of clarity and lays bare the dire perils our democracy faces.<br/><br/>It took me a few pages to get used to the tone Hillary takes in the book because she is so unguarded. This relentlessness challenged me emotionally and took me on a journey that ranged from anger and despair to hope and resolution.<br/><br/>Although this book is not able to tell the complete story because of what we don't know yet, I think it is worthy of being encapsulated as a snapshot in time of an indisputably courageous person whose efforts to make the world more beautiful were fought every step of the way. The rawness of this story belies how it quietly reveals the hidden nature of our society, our neighbors, and ourselves.<br/><br/>We must not forget ...
 I went through the book via the audiobook version, and came away impressed in a way I hadn't expected. It feels like it manages a cross-section of personal, historical, and political reactions through the lens of Clinton's experience. There are no delusions about the realities of what happened, and I think Clinton gives a frank, necessary overview of the lead-in, and more importantly, reactions after the last days of the election. The implicit criticisms of President Trump don't feel forced, but come as a result of contrasts between the campaigns, as much as the candidates. The divide between the practical regrets and the personal disappointment settles in a few unexpected places, as the times, places, and topics change in each chapter. Time and thought is put into crediting the efforts of those around Clinton, and qualms with the results are put more in terms of her own regrets than blame. Despite the title, the book is set as a snapshot of things looking forward more than simply re-treading the past. That said, it doesn't deny realities that, for some, may be harder to swallow than they'd like.<br/><br/>I'd say the *least* interesting segments are the handful of times Clinton regresses into reactions-to-reactions from media or polling, even when it may lead into important contentions or insights into a moment or decision. It makes sense, imagining a person living through the loss of a national election twice over, but I felt those feelings were better communicated (thankfully) in the numerous historical parallels drawn to place the reader closer to her mindset. Most of these make clear how in meaningful ways, her experience wasn't as cruel as others have faced in American history. She very much settles on the idea of herself as one of the many political disappointments on the roadsides of electoral history. Which she makes clear doesn't blunt feelings of personal disappointment, but it shows how she has been forced to see *her* failings, overpowering that first impulse to look elsewhere to explain "What Happened."<br/><br/>The observations about her treatment as a woman in the political field, whether or not the reader takes them at face value in relation to the final result of the election, are absolutely essential to the value of the book. The scope of these experienes stretch laterally, not just in her own political experience, but those of women around her (in and out of immediate power). Anecdotes along these lines were, I think, the high point of the book.
 This book is very well - written. It is not only interesting, informative, and straight forward - she has also written from the heart. She takes full responsibility for the outcome of the election (as she says, "I was the candidate.") but gives an indepth study of all the factors that contributed to her defeat. It just verifies what any thinking person already knew - that she would have been a far superior president.
 Excellent, down to earth and engrossing read! Hillary takes a lot of responsibility for her defeat, though it’s clear that Russian interference played a very large role in her defeat.  Much better than I expected !
 In the middle of the audio book my wife bought.  Very interesting and well narrated. Fully recommend!!
 I just bought the book today, and I am having a lot of trouble putting it down!  I will probably finish reading the book sometime tomorrow.  I love to hear anything Hillary has to say, and read anything that she has written.  This book is no exception.<br/><br/>The book is like sitting down with her and a cup of tea, and her telling you a personal story.  Her strength, her faith, her compassion, her humanity and her love for America come shining through.  And it is awesome to get to know this person who I so admire better.<br/><br/>I have no problem or hesitation in recommending this book, or giving it the highest marks.
 Know how to tell who has actually read the book? She talks about her responsibility for what happened for the first time on page two. By 10% into the book, she's mentioned personal responsibility at least six times. Does she take the majority of the blame? No, nor should she. Agree or disagree, it's a well-written description of what she thinks happened. I hope it was therapeutic.
 Ignore the self serving parts. Focus on the critical intrusion into the very core of the American democracy by Russia and the entire disregard of an overwhelming set of facts confirming it by the media the republicans and our current president who thrives on misinformation, ignorance and fear. Like Clinton or not, the information regarding the perversion of the election, the systemic dissemination of false information and the regression into hate by so many must be addressed to protect the fiber of this country. At the helm we now have a president who demonstrates disdain for core American values (free speech, freedom of religion etc). And all Americans need to understand the implications.
 I truly wish every American woman would be able to set prejudices and politics aside and take the time to read this book. I can hear many yelling "when hell freezes over!" right now. My question is, how can we hate someone we have never met and refuse to take the time to learn about? Answer: we have allowed men to poison our minds with lies and relentless insults for over three decades. Yes, it is that simple and I know because it happened to me during the 2008 election.<br/>The Hillary Clinton that emerges from the pages of this book is someone with deep introspective thoughts, an avid reader and relentless student, someone able to look at reality face to face and dig deep into her soul in order to accurately reflect on the events preceding the 2016 election.<br/>I shed many tears listening to this book (read by the author). It was heart wrenching to see a remarkable, extremely smart, caring woman, a wife, mother, and grandmother, bullied, demeaned and assaulted at every turn by both men and women for no reason other than their own ignorance and hate. To those who think she just blames others I say, read the book! In fact, the opposite is true, she blames herself even at times when, in my opinion, blame lies elsewhere. She lives with deep regret and sadness for "letting so many people down". When all is said and done, she manages to convey a positive and intelligent path for all of us trying to survive the Trump era.<br/>The book is inspiring and beautifully written. A page turner that reads like a novel. This shouldn't come as a surprise since the events of the past election and the following nine months of the new administration have been nothing but unprecedented, toxic, and beyond troubling.<br/>Just like many people hated Eleanor Roosevelt and history proved them wrong, the same will happen with Hillary Clinton, the woman who had the guts to defy bullies, haters, and even Vladimir Putin, to run for President of the United States. I'm with her!
 One intelligent, courageous, articulate woman who still has a lot to offer. Read it!
 Inspirational.
 Why bother?  I'm sure it will be deleted again.
 Fantastic job on this book. Don't believe the negative hype, it's a  must read for any political junkie and definitely Hilary Clinton lovers.
 Thanks for writing this book.  It has given me hope that our country will recover.
 Her writing is clear, intelligent and honest. Well worth reading. Excellent!
 A very well written, in-depth analysis of a presidential election no one was prepared for. Easy to read, and straight to the point. I would recommend to anyone and everyone searching for clarity after election night.
 So well written! I absolutely loved listening to it on Audible. It has the bonus of being read by the author which gives it a plus of authenticity. I feel so fortunate to be contemporary to such an amazing woman. Her not being elected is probably the biggest mistake in the American history. What a loss for our country!
 I chose the audio version, to hear her tell this story in her own voice. I don't know what I was expecting after hearing so many in the media say how terrible it was she did this, maybe I was expecting to hear the sinister intent they warned of. It wasn't there. What I heard was insightful, compelling, smart and kind. This is a person who will go down in history as someone who should have been an American president. I heard a leader of all people, not just those who voted for her.<br/>It is very worth your time.
 I'm only on Chapter 3, but so far this book is great! This was also the first time that I pre-ordered a book from Amazon and was glad to see that it actually did show up on the day the book actually came out.
 Very informative and interesting.  Also, I'm taking this opportunity to ask Amazon to better review these comments to eliminate Russian hacks....if a person hasn't purchased the book, how can he come up with such comments as we see here on Amazon?  also...so we notice the Russian Hacks have realized they can get a free version on Amazon and then be "Verified" - we see you for what you are. The rest of us are proud of Hillary Clinton. I bought the book and loved it.
 If Clinton had been this human, sympathetic, emphatic, honest and strong during<br/>the campaign she would have won easily would have triumphed<br/>over the narcissistic in office. The criticism<br/>from the Right that she puts the blame for her loss on others is only partially<br/>correct. She beats herself up pretty good as well. After reading this book, whereas<br/>before I was ambivalent about Clinton, I among a fan. A big fan
 Great 👍
 Best non-fiction book I’ve ever read!
 LOCK HER UP !!!
 I think the reviews that are pulling up are all negative and they're trying to sabotage her again, LOL. Technology has pulled us to new lowes in our democracy, but I have faith that things will change for the better soon!
 Hillary Clinton's "What Happened" offers and concise explanation of what went wrong in the 2016 election. For the people saying otherwise, she most certainly takes responsibility for her missteps in the election, but she also lays out a case for the man outside factors that played a HUGE part in deciding the most consequential election, perhaps in history. The book was interesting and funny (who knew!) and I'm sure it'll be a book that academics and students read to find out how the 2016 election went so wrong. I highly recommend it.<br/> Oh-- and just to warn you-- it might make you cry.
 This was so much fun to read.  I was worried she'd hold back but she doesn't.  She seems completely comfortable telling her story and she writes beautifully.  It's gossipy (Trump wears 3" lifts in his shoes) but also smart and succinct.  People who are complaining that the book is her blaming others for her mistakes may have missed the 90 times she blamed herself. She does talk about issues she had no control over but which still hurt her, though.  And that's fair.  One is the many unfair advantages men have over women in politics.  For example, a male politician who pounds his fist and yells sounds passionate and decisive. A woman doing the same thing is out of control and a shrew.  Her take on Donald Trump is insightful and honest. She doesn't hold back in teelling her story and it's really satisfying to know she was thinking the same thing many others of us did while it was happening.
 Wow ! What a great book. I couldn't put it down. A must read.
 The book sums up the state of the world. Found several quotes to ponder in my personal life! It's tough to be a woman but woman are tough!
 I am now half way through the book. It is a riveting read. I'll write more when I finish the book. Highly worth reading. Interesting, engaging. Give me a couple more weeks to finish it to post more details. It is a great book. I like that HRC narrated the audio book. I plan to listen to that version while riding in my car. I am reading the kindle version now.
 Candid, early view of what happenened in this debacle of an election. She learned lessons I hope she won't forget. I think she will need to write another book several years from now as history of this disgrace that became our president unfolds. Hopefully he is reading her next book while sitting in his jail cell.
 Interesting getting to know Hillary on a personal basis. Glad she did.
 I purchased on Audible and currently on chapter 44.  I'm so glad she wrote this and shared her side and I'm eager to listen to the rest of the book.  In the book,  Hillary is open, honest and gives such a unique side of this crazy election.  Her life of service to our country is inspiring.  I'm not sure why some people choose to say this is a blame book.  Let the woman tell her side! If this was a man, I guarantee we wouldn't hear people say that.
 I absolutely love this book.  I worked on her campaign and experienced the pain on election night.  This book shows her humanity unlike the campaign where she was constantly held to unrealistic expectations.  We missed a chance for a wonderful President, but her book helps us understand all the aspects of her loss.  Glad she was able to write this book.
 being honest, i only bought the book to use as fire starter, and what better to use in a fire pit than a written form of fertilizer #liberalismiscancer
 It's really fascinating to see the election from Clinton's perspective. The book is a pretty engaging read, and Clinton is refreshingly good-humored in many parts. I love that it ends with a chapter on resilience, which is pretty remarkable, considering everything she went through. I highly recommend the book.
 Excellent book.  She owns her mistakes and provides her insight on what was a despicable campaign run by her opponent.
 I really enjoyed this intimate look at Hillary's POV and experience , and I think you will too. The 2016 presidential election was  the biggest failure to preserve and protect the democratic norms of the US in my lifetime. I hope we learn from it and do better. Hillary is my President and in a just world would be the current POTUS.
 Excellent. Worth reading.
 Informative, enlightening and offers thoughts on a way forward. Worth considering. Also surprisingly humorous at times.  Also quite well written.
 Best thing to ever happen to America is the entry of HRC into the presidential race and subsequent loss.  Trump didnt deserve to win, but Hillary was not fit to be POTUS.
 Raw, brilliant, and inspiring.  This is Clinton at her best.  You may not agree with everything she writes - or says or does for that matter (I don't) - but even so, she is a fascinating and powerful woman with much to offer our country.  Highly recommended.
 Worth reading.
 At first, I didn't want to read the book because I want ready for a post-mortem. However, I'm very happy that I decided to read it. It's not always an easy read because of her pain, but it's informational and a good view into who she is aa a person, not just a political candidate.
 Great Book.
 Hillary Rodham Clinton will go down in history as one of the most polarizing First Ladies of our time. This book basically covers her experiences throughout her life to the election and afterwards. Hillary Rodham Clinton is a remarkable woman. She has been a United States Senator; Secretary of State; First Lady; lawyer and children rights activist. She is also a mother, wife and grandmother.<br/><br/>This book is about the events leading to the election and afterwards. If you want to know more about what happened to her and the historic election, this book is an easy read overall. She would have made a fine President regardless of her gender and history. She has been in public service throughout her life.
 I bought the book because I wanted to know what Hillary herself thinks and feels about the election.  And about the state of our country.<br/><br/>I was furious and horrified after the 2016 election.  Enraged.  I still am.  Reading this book brought it all back.<br/><br/>But we can't run from our problems.  We can't pretend it didn't happen.  We can't ignore the consequences.<br/><br/>Hillary had the courage to try.  Reading her book - imperfect as most books are - gave me the courage to keep trying.
 I'm half way in. I love it💙
 Great read. It also shows her personality and how humorous she can be!
 Every American should her final chapter on the Russian interference.  While I knew a bit about the Russians interference since I work in the Cybersecurity industry, I had not idea to what extent this affected our country. I also did not realize people actually believed some of the fake news out there about Hillary - like the child ring in a the pizza basement. Are Americans really that gullible? Apparently they are which makes the Russian interference even more maddening. It was also good to understand the email situation more clearly.
 She tells the story of the real President of the United States Hillary R Clinton.  I'm proud that she didn't use the art of the con.  You can fool some of the people all of the time.  You can even fool all of the people some of the time, but you can't fool all of the people all of the time.  Hillary will always be my hero.  She's a true American Patriot!  Period!  The other one.  Sad!
 Thoughtful. Written in a voice that makes Hillary a regular person. Happy to read her perspective.
 Bought the audiobook bc I fly a lot. Wasn’t sure if I was even going to like it. Let me tell you- WOW, the most honest I’ve ever heard Hillary. This is her, for I think the first time. What an incredible book.
 A good book - really more memoir about a specific time in her life, and the context surrounding it, than a campaign play-by-play. I enjoy her dark, dry, sarcastic sense of humor. She nails many of the reasons and influences that led to her electoral college loss and also takes plenty of personal responsibility for her own faults and failures.<br/><br/>Above all, the book is like a great day out with your yoga-obsessed, hilarious, determinedly unhip aunt.<br/><br/>I think the marketing and the concept of the book as an election-specific memoir was a bit misguided. This book is very personal. It's excellent nonetheless.<br/><br/>If it's a simple history you want, wait for the eventual historical biographies that will no doubt be written when all this personal and irrational vitriol against her begins to fade. This is a memoir, written by Hillary herself.<br/><br/>Many of her election staffers were passionate and dedicated and emotional. This book helped me understand their loyalty.
 Hillary is honest, and her writing is intelligent. That said, this is the first "political" book I have ever read. It is a history of the 2016 election and I was fascinated by her story. I loved this book. It is well worth reading.
 Hearing Hillary Rodham Clinton's voice again as she shared her political analysis, her memories, her side of the story was a healing salve to a deep wound. As difficult as it was relive the contentious primary, the general election circus, and the nightmare election night, her book ultimately left me feeling inspired and ready to fight hard for justice and peace.
 Can't put it down, so inspiring and honest!  Thank you for your candor and taking the time to let us into your world!
 Not usually my type of book but I am enjoying it
 From reading the few negative reviews on here it's obvious by the comments the actual book was not read by these people. Tired of the Hillary haters. As always, Hillary is very well spoken, smart and caring. What a great President she truly would have made!
 First of all she wrote an excellent book. Second of all she will continue to speak out and contribute to our society. A remarkable woman.
 Say what you will but this is a great read and super important if you want to know her side of the story and in general more about her life. I wish she could have brought more of this kind of writing out in her campaign. She felt real and is real. I am sorry to say she lost.
 I thought this book was very well written.  Ms. Clinton took the risks and bared her soul within these pages.  Don't let anyone tell you she did not take responsibility for her own part in losing the election; but she rightly identified the people and situations that unfairly stole the election from her.  I wish she didn't feel that she let us all down; no one could have done better while facing such hatred and ugly lies.  She has been harassed throughout much of her career and there is hardly anyone less deserving of such treatment.  This woman cares deeply about women, children, the poor, about the well being of Americans of any and all races, ethnic backgrounds and gender.  I wish the Hillary haters would read this book, but they again would probably only see what they want to see.  Too bad.  Great book, I highly recommend it.
 Great book
 Hillary: I love every word in your book. Deeply personal, incredibly moving and made me at times profoundly sad. Thank you Madam President.
 Well written and the author tackles issues we all need to be concerned about in future elections.
 As I read this book I felt I was in a conversation with HRC who was clearly apologetic for her mistakes, yet bold enough to share what many of us fear in the brave new world. This book is an honest, upfront sharing not only of HRC's experiences but putting that experience into a historical context by connecting historical moments with present day realities. This book is more than HRC's cathartic experience, it adds another understanding not only of what happened but more important what's happening to this country that has so many questioning,sadly, how far can this madness go.
 Hillary writes in a conversational style and despite it being chock full of information and details, this book is a real page turner. She speaks from her own experience running for president and takes this chance to talk a lot about what she had planned to do if she was elected. I am happy she did that, since fair and balanced reporting never happened during the election and the relentless focus on her emails was preposterous. As every woman does, she takes probably more than her fair share of the blame, but I think she makes a compelling case for media and republican blame for her heartbreaking loss. I cried many times reading it, as I thought about what could have been if she had been elected president. That is a disappointment that I am nowhere near as close to over as Hillary is, God bless her. I am so proud that she refuses to never give up. She is my hero and I so wish she was also my friend, she is that real and approachable in this book. I think it is a must read, especially for those of us still wondering: What the Hell Happened?" Thank you Hillary, you are an inspiration and a shining light in these dark and scary times, I can see why you are beloved by so many.
 The people that gave it 1,2,3stars must not have read the book because Hillary takes plenty of the blame,sometimes some that wasn't her fault!!  The main downfall of her run for the office was,Russia's interenferance in the election and Jim Comey 's letter right before the election!!  She still took her share of the blame.  It was a good read ( that might even make you cry ).  Hillary's remembrance of past events was fantastic!!  It should be a mandertory read for all students of politics.  It gets down to the nitty gritty of the election,like how Hillary had the election until Jim Comey's letter just before the election or how the Russians hacked into our votes!!  She is my hero and always will be!!  It is good to know that she will always fight for women and children and all Americans!!  I hope her life is happier in the future,she deserves it. I would give this book more than five stars if I could.  I read the book and now am going to listen to it on audible.  I highly recommend this book , it is clear what happened.  Too bad Hillary is not our president, she put up with things from Trump that I would not have!!
 The book retraces the path brick by brick her personal experiences, her shared trials and tribulations in the most controversial campaigns in history.  It touched me.  I wanted her to win so badly.  If she is reading this review....I want her to know that I am still with her.  I love you Hillary.  The book is a must read.
 I think Secretary Clinton is taking the blame for many of the problems within her campaign.  I voted for her after Bernie lost the primary and I don't feel like I'm blind to her faults.  I can also understand why she learned to be cautious with the press and why she might appear to be cold and calculated. I think it is a fascinating account of a crazy period in our country's history.
 Please do yourself a favor, tune out the noise for a few evenings, and read this book yourself.<br/><br/>Forget what the pundits say, what your facebook friends think - read this from start to finish, and give yourself time to really think on things.  Don't for a second let yourself feel anything other than pride in wanting to read Secretary Clinton's direct account of things.<br/><br/>After all, the majority of this country did vote for her.
 excellent synopsis of the plight of our country as it is threatened by national socialism and a far right agenda.
 Witty engaging funny candid wistful insightful and encouraging . Reading “What Happened” is<br/>like taking a long walk or run or hike with a best friend sharing candid and painful moments as well as the joys of grandchildren and birthdays. The ups and downs and the wins and loses are dealt with on a honest level and 3 Million votes means Hillary won on her own . Hillary did become a little nerdie but she’s the personality that drills down to get the right answer. I gave 5 Stars because as a reader it’s a fast pace enjoyable read - Thank You Sec  Sen FLOTUS Nomimee for President Hillary Clinton - my 4th book of yours -  Turn off the TV and Tablets and read a book 📖
 Only in chapter 2 but love it so far.
 The book is a candid and funny account of HRCs feelings in the direct months after losing the election. She is blunt and real. If you like Hillary then you will like the book, if you can't stand Hillary then you will not like the book, but either way this book will have a forever place in American History.
 The book of the decade! A testament to Hillary's ability to put the horrors of the election into a very readable and entertaining story. Hillary is the most denigrated, lied about, ill-treated, mis-quoted, and persecuted woman in politics. Yet she is also the smartest, most experienced, compassionate, and educated person ever to run for President. A poster-woman for what misogyny can do if used by political opponents and what a foreign power can do to manipulate the less aware in our population to vote against their own best interests. A true study in political psychology. , Hillary was and is a great force in our culture. One can only hope she retains her desire to help us come together as a nation after Trump is gone.
 Very interesting read. Unique perspective and will be purchasing additional copies for gifts.  Must be fairly literate to understand.
 She definitely has a point!
 I never liked or disliked Hillary Clinton ... until I watched the 3 presidential debates - then I became a fan. Now after reading this book from the heart I am in total awe of her generous soul and courage. An absolute must read.
 Women in this country have many of the opportunities that we have due to Hillary Clinton. She has spent her life doing what she believes in, often being criticized for it, but doing it anyway. She is a role model and a trailblazer. Thank you for this book and for all you did and continue to do.
 A brilliant memoir that explores “What Happened”, this book finds Hillary Clinton at her most raw and vulnerable. She accepts responsibility for her loss while not ignoring the many outside compounding factors that led to her shocking defeat. I’m will always be ‘With Her’, and this book shows why. Don’t miss this fascinating book!
 From one of the most brilliant women of our time and maybe of all-time the incredible intellectual brilliance of Hillary Rodham Clinton showing through with down-home commonsense.<br/>She backs everything up with incredible wisdom, with  quotes from some of the most insightful people from past and present.  She writes her presidential ordeal in detail, and then with more detail, and then she writes between the lines.  A Movie will undoubtedly be made of this.
 Wonderfully written! A true inspiration and should have been out President!
 Fascinating and informative. What a loss for the country.
 Loved the book, strong woman, intelligent and clear about accepting what she did wrong as well as the outside forces against her.
 Great book!!  Hillary writes an insightful, easy to read, heartfelt account of the campaign and election. It hurts that throughout the book she says that she felt responsible for the loss. She didn't lose--America did!  And we are seeing that every day!  i highly recommend the book.
 Hillary unchained at last! Too bad she wasn't allowed to be like this all along due to the restrictions that society placed on her and other strong women. No wonder that many are scared by her shining light and intellect. So many ideas and paths forward for the Democratic Party in this book.  First let me state that she admits her mistakes in the election over and over. Second she has a story to tell and we want to hear it so stop trying to shut her up and make her go away! I pray that she remains true to her mothers teaching and keeps going we need her voice and ideas and experience, America needs her voice! I am still with her!!!!!
 Good reading ,
 To be honest, I haven't quite finished it yet.  I am enjoying the book so much, I ordered one for my daughter who is a doctoral candidate at CAL Berkeley.  We are both supporters of HRC.  It is a good book and will remain in my library as a piece of women's history.  Thank you Hillary Rodham Clinton!
 This book was a part of healing process for me in my continued admiration for this GREAT leader. In this book, she opened up her heart to those who've found faults with her every actions no matter how good her intentions were. This is the warm, caring, intelligent and thoughtful woman that many of us admire and the same woman that many tried their hardest to break down! She validated the crucificial experiences that majority of successful, powerful and strong women faced day in and out. The indisputable facts and studies to back up her points were the daggers into the hearts of those of us who worked so hard to bring positive changes into the society and for future generations.<br/>Couldn't put it down once I received the book and this is a great resource for future generations to learn from as they build the better America that's inclusive and celebrate the diversity that makes America Great!
 It's her side of the story.  That's what it claims to be, and that's what it is. For those who don't like it because you disagree with her, you're missing the point.  After reading it, did you get a better feel for who the candidate was, what she was thinking, and even what her biases were and are?  If so, then the book does what it claims to do.<br/><br/>That said, I don't think she was any more open and willing to speak her mind than she has been in the past, and having followed her for a while there was nothing surprising or revolutionary here. I do think the book could have been 100 pages shorter, or perhaps the personal story could have been published separately from her analysis of what went wrong. Smashing those together in one book (e.g., her perspective on friendship, what she ate on the campaign trail, along with her analysis of factors that affected the campaign) felt a little awkward to me, and some sections needed a little editing because they felt long and tedious and somewhat repetitive of previous chapters.<br/><br/>To be clear, if she had separated it into a memoir and a critical analysis of the election, I would have purchased both books, so I didn't mind reading it as one. Also, as currently written each chapter can hold its own, so you can skip around if you want and not be lost. That makes it feel a little repetitive reading cover to cover, but it will make specific chapters useful for reference later (e.g., the chapter "on women in politics" could be used in a course on gender studies; or if you want a summary of the publicly available evidence for Russian interference, you can read just that chapter.).<br/><br/>One thing I wish she had addressed is the perception of her (by Bernie supporters and others) as the establishment candidate. Does she consider herself the "establishment" candidate? Does she think it's okay for the DNC to favor one candidate over others? Has that always been the case?  Should it be the case?  And did the DNC actually favor her, giving "change" candidates less of a chance?  If she did address this in the book, I must have missed it.<br/><br/>All in all, it's a good book. Although long, it was a very easy read, as she is an excellent writer.  It's not fluffy or unclear at any point. She says what she means, so there's no guesswork in interpreting her words.<br/><br/>I never read books by political figures, but I couldn't resist this one. I ended up purchasing two copies, one for me and (after I read it) a second one for a friend. I purchased both on Amazon.
 HRC unpacks the mistakes they made in her campaign. Reflective, thoughtful, interesting.
 For those readers with an open mind, this book is wonderful, sad, entertaing but most ofall, from the heart. Mrs Clinton is a great writer and her book lives up to my expectations and more.  In point of fact, Hillary Clinton received more than 3 million votes than the current oranged colored man in the White House. This book is from the heart and takes the reader through the entire campaign with great insight from Mrs Clinton. If you are not a hater, you will enjoy this read and always wonder what might have been.
 This is a great book. I know many will write it off y saying that "Clinton is just blaming others for her loss" - but she isn't As a matter of fact she very explicitly takes the blame for the things her campaign did wrong. But this book goes beyond that and discusses not only policy positions but find a way to still be hopeful even after her loss. It's a heartfelt and intelligent book that deserves to be read by anyone even remotely curious about 2016.
 It was very well articulated and it gives a clear picture of what motivated Mrs Clinton to tell the truth.<br/><br/>Don't believe all the bad reviews because Trump Trolls can't read.
 Of course, I was there when all this went down, but it is excellent to get her point of view.
 We started reading this aloud as we traveled last weekend and earlier this week.  It is an excellent review of our Country's political history since the Eisenhower administration but even more so since Hilary became an Advocacy lawyer in the early 70s.  I have not found ANYTHING in this that is not fact checkable.  She writes well and compellingly.  We hear more in this book than , I think, we have ever heard about who Hillary Rodham Clinton is , what drives her, and how she did not get elected.  She is candid about mistakes she made (often in hindsight and sometimes knowing in the moment that she was making a mistake).  It really is refreshing to see someone taking credit for their drawbacks and failings.  Mostly though , we are finding that we are coming to understand and like her as a person.
 I actually read every page of this book.  I'm not a big fan of autobiographies and I have never read one written by a politician.  I don't think I have even read a biograpgy of a politician.  I voted, not 100 % enthusiastically, for Hillary in 2016.  Unlike other people I could never actually see how she was not light years better than "the other one".  I wanted to read this to understand "What Happened".  And while the book does spend a lot of time discussing trivialities I think it does a good job of painting a broad picture of what life in an election is like.  I didn't really think it was filled with whinning and complaining and shifting blame.  She takes it on herself even when she doesn't deserve it.  She defintiely throws out ideas about some things and people that possibly (probably) sabotaged or at least derailed her campaign.  So the complaints that she didn't draw that picture really don't jive with what I read.  If you were expecting her to have 100 % facts and bullet points then I think you had unrealistic expectations.  She presents pretty compelling evidence which is really about all she can do until various and assorted higher level investigations are completed.  Her prose is tight, her language exact and her sentiments and core beliefs are pretty clear.  Although I respected her and supported her (and still do), I was never really sure Iiked her.  Now I "like" her more.  She really comes across in this book as much more human and less politican bot.  But more importantly I wonder why it even matters if I "like" her?  An issue she touches on.  I interact with any number of professional people in my personal life...plumbers, accountants, surgeons, car mechanics.  If they know how to fix what's broken and keep what isn't, then everything is good.  Why would I, or anyone, assume that we have to "like" someone for them to do their job?  Why do women have to be "likeable"?  Why am I still thinking that matters because it is her?  Food for thought...I like a work that leaves me food for thought.  It also left me with hope.  And I think we all need that right now.  And no, please no replies or comments to argue politics.  I'm not doing it so don't waste your time or mine.
 Hillary Clinton is a brilliant, articulate, well-educated, compassionate woman. So what DID happen? How did we get her exact opposite instead?  This is Hillary's take on answering that question. I hope she keeps speaking up, challenging, and being a thorn in the side of all who opposed her. Still With Her!
 Love the book. Hillary really knows her stuff.
 The BEST book!!!
 I bought the audio book, and I highly recommend it to everyone! The greatest thing about the audio version is that Hillary is reading it herself. It is such an intimate, poignant experience to hear her inflections, her nuances; I feel as though she is telling me the story one-on-one. It is a terrific, candid book. Superb!
 Best book ever
 It is a perfect book and it is the truth.
 Very inspiring!
 After watching Hillary give an interview on the CBS Sunday morning show I knew I had to read this book. I was grateful that Hillary was so honest and frank with her feelings about the years leading up to the election and what happened afterwards. If you felt she was a guarded  person, you won't after reading this book. I was so happy to have her represent women to be the first woman president and shared her horror on losing the election. This whole year has a been a nightmare and reading this book brings some clarity to the election. I continue to love and support Hillary in all her endeavors and thank her for her steadfast fight for human rights. Women's rights are human rights!
 This is an amazing read! It validates much of what I saw happening in the 2016 election. It amuses me to talk of the book...with people who have not read it! As with any piece of literature, it needs to be read and judged in its entirety, not by cherry picking elements that deal with personal dislikes of Hillary Clinton. She is an amazingly intelligent woman. Do yourself a favor and READ THE BOOK!
 Most early reactions to the idea of Hillary Clinton writing a book -- reflecting on her campaign and the 2016 election--didn't accurately reflect her actual point of view as revealed in the book. This is a fascinating, insider's look at one of the most unusual elections in modern political history. She addresses both what she and her campaign could've done differently as well as the complex, influencing factors that were outside of their control--some of which are still being revealed and better understood even long after the election. Unlike the highly partisan culture we have, where many people say one side of the political spectrum is completely right and the other side is completely wrong, this book does not present that kind of simplistic view.
 Hillary Clinton’s story is about the quintessential feminist experience. Two people apply for a job. The woman applicant is highly qualified, experienced and has the professional expertise and moral character to do the job. The man applicant is unqualified, inexperienced, incompetent and morally unfit for the job. Who is hired? The man. Why? Because he works the good-ole-boy system, and he cheats! Hillary’s book is the powerful, heart-wrenching and heart-warming, insightful and inspiring story of the first woman candidate of a major political party to run for President of the United States. Hillary Clinton is a ceiling-breaker, even though there are still glass ceilings to break. I come from a family of ceiling-breakers, remarkable women who were “the first” in many professional accomplishments. So I identify in a deep and personal way with Hillary. The words of advice and encouragement of her mother ring like the words of my mother in my mind. The account of her triumphs and struggles as a woman is enough, in and of itself, to make this book a compelling and satisfying read. But HRC’s book lives up to and exceeds expectations as a political analysis of what happened in the 2016 election.<br/><br/>I read the book with many questions in mind. First and foremost, I wanted to learn from her unique perspective, what makes our nation so vulnerable to demagoguery. Why are voters so prone to believe propaganda, to accept lies, to deny corruption and immorality, and to let their anger and resentment so cloud their judgment as to vote for the likes of Mr. Trump? Hillary does not disappoint. With honesty and an impressive depth of critical thinking, she examines the challenge of trying to connect with voters whose anger demands that the candidate be as angry as they are and hate the people they hate. She understands the anger but looks for problem solving through policies and government. As on p. 272, “…But in 2016 a lot of people didn’t really want to hear about plans and policies. They wanted a candidate to be as angry as they were, and they wanted someone to blame.”<br/><br/>Here we can empathize with Hillary. So much of what people are angry about are events and conditions that government hasn’t caused and cannot easily solve or prevent, such as job loss to automation and technological advances or the movement away from fossil fuels that causes coal-mining jobs to disappear. Hillary states the problem: “It’s hard to compete against demagoguery when the answers you can offer are all unsatisfying” (p. 275). “…a culture of grievance, victimhood, and scapegoating has taken root as traditional values of self-reliance and hard work have withered. There’s a tendency toward seeing every problem as some else’s fault.” (p. 276). Hillary refuses to make false promises or raise false hope with facile but unworkable solutions. Surely, this cost her votes, but affirms her integrity and passion for helping people, while calling on Democrats to “…keep pushing for new and better solutions.” (p. 287)<br/><br/>The greatest gift of HRC’s book is that it prepares us for that inevitable next time. The next time a woman is nominated by a major political party and campaigns for the job of POTUS, we will demand that she be judged on her experience, qualifications, moral integrity, expertise, achievements and her commitment to building better lives for all Americans. We will express our outrage if anyone dares to judge her for the job of President on her physical appearance, her wardrobe, her voice, her marriage or few flaws and mistakes. We will not let her opponent, whether a man or a woman, cheat her out of the job, not because she is entitled to it, but because she earned it. Thank you so very much, Hillary for putting six million cracks in that last glass ceiling!
 A true and honest account. Definitely worth the read.
 Reading some of the negative reviews on the Amazon site ( with the thousands of " helpful" clicks) , I have to wonder if the reviewers really read the entire book. Clinton does take responsibility again and again for decisions that contributed to her defeat. She does discuss at length issues that she felt impacted the outcome: Comey; Russian disinformation disseminated on social media and possible connections to the Trump campaign; media focus on the email controversy to the exclusion of other issues; the Balkanization of news sources reinforcing confirmation bias; and the historical fact that after a two term presidency it is difficult for that party to remain in control of the WH. She backs up her assertions with studies and documented sources....just like you'd expect her to. Hillary Clinton remains detail oriented even in defeat. She dispels some conventional narratives put forth to explain her loss such as her time campaigning in the Rust Belt. She admits Wisconsin was a surprise..she even acknowledges that many do not like her .<br/>This book is analytical, personal , angry at times ( who wouldn't be), but above all hopeful for the future. No, not her political future, she states she will not run for office again; she's optimistic for our country's future and encourages others to continue the fight for a more civil, equitable America.<br/>No one should have a problem with that no matter who is advocating it.
 Many have tried to say Hillary is using her latest book solely to avoid taking responsibility (this particularly comes from people who are, well, trying to avoid taking responsibility). They are mistaken. Here's an incomplete list of all the times in the book she's done exactly that - take responsibility - broken down by chapter and Kindle location, in all of its heartbreaking honesty. Now let's see if her critics can show the same capacity for introspection, or else they're simple hypocrites.<br/><br/>Author’s Note<br/><br/>Every day that I was a candidate for President, I knew that millions of people were counting on me, and I couldn’t bear the idea of letting them down. But I did. I couldn’t get the job done, and I’ll have to live with that for the rest of my life. (Location: 45)<br/><br/>I’ve tried to learn from my own mistakes. There are plenty, as you’ll see in this book, and they are mine and mine alone. (Location: 53)<br/><br/>Showing Up<br/><br/>There had been a lot of days since the election when I wasn’t in a very forgiving mood toward anyone, including myself. (Location: 266)<br/><br/>Grit and Gratitude<br/><br/>At every step, I felt that I had let everyone down. Because I had. (Location: 302)<br/><br/>I run through the tape over and over, identifying every mistake—especially those made by me. (Location: 324)<br/><br/>Once or twice last November, I thought to myself, “Well, Dad, what if I lose an election I should have won and let an unqualified bully become President of the United States? Would you still love me then?” (Location: 527)<br/><br/>Get Caught Trying<br/><br/>Especially after the financial crisis of 2008–2009, I should have realized it would be bad “optics” and stayed away from anything having to do with Wall Street. I didn’t. That’s on me.<br/>This is one of the mistakes I made that you’ll read about in this book. I’ve tried to give an honest accounting of when I got it wrong, where I fell short, and what I wish I could go back and do differently. This isn’t easy or fun. My mistakes burn me up inside. (Location: 646)<br/><br/>On Being a Woman in Politics<br/><br/>I’ve made mistakes, been defensive about them, stubbornly resisted apologizing. (Location: 1,660)<br/><br/>Turning Mourning into a Movement<br/><br/>If I had won, we could have made progress toward keeping guns out of the hands of criminals and domestic abusers and making sure fewer parents have to bury their children the way the Mothers of the Movement did. My profound disappointment that I couldn’t deliver that outcome will never go away. (Location: 2,406)<br/><br/>Sweating the Details<br/><br/>“It was a mistake to have a personal account. I would certainly not do it again. I make no excuses for it.” (Location: 3,028)<br/><br/>Bernie deserves credit for understanding the political power of big, bold ideas. His call for single-payer health care, free college, and aggressive Wall Street reform inspired millions of Americans, especially young people. (Location: 3,199)<br/><br/>I do recognize that my campaign in 2016 lacked the sense of urgency and passion that I remember from ’92. (Location: 3,274)<br/><br/>Country Roads<br/><br/>Most of the folks I met in places like Ashland, Kentucky, and Williamson, West Virginia, were good people in a bad situation, desperate for change. I wish more than anything that I could have done a better job speaking to their fears and frustrations. (Location: 3,923)<br/><br/>Those Damn Emails<br/><br/>Right off the bat, let me say again that, yes, the decision to use personal email instead of an official government account was mine and mine alone. I own that. (Location: 3,962)<br/><br/>It was a dumb mistake. (Location: 3,967)<br/><br/>Mostly, I was furious at myself. (Location: 3,970)<br/><br/>The original decision to use personal email was on me. (Location: 4,431)<br/><br/>Why<br/><br/>I go back over my own shortcomings and the mistakes we made. I take responsibility for all of them. You can blame the data, blame the message, blame anything you want—but I was the candidate. It was my campaign. Those were my decisions. (Location: 5,386)<br/><br/>“I take absolute personal responsibility,” I replied. “I was the candidate. I was the person who was on the ballot.” (Location: 5,399)<br/><br/>Still, as I’ve discussed throughout this book, I do think it’s fair to say there was a fundamental mismatch between how I approach politics and what a lot of the country wanted to hear in 2016. (Location: 5,478)<br/><br/>Moreover, I have come to terms with the fact that a lot of people—millions and millions of people—decided they just didn’t like me. Imagine what that feels like. It hurts. And it’s a hard thing to accept. But there’s no getting around it. (Location: 5,484)<br/><br/>But I also know that it was my job to try to break through all that noise and convince the American people to vote for me. I wasn’t able to do it. (Location: 5,500)<br/><br/>Generalizing about a broad group of people is almost always unwise. And I regret handing Trump a political gift with my “deplorables” comment. I know that a lot of well-intentioned people were insulted because they misunderstood me to be criticizing all Trump voters. I’m sorry about that. (Location: 5,698)<br/><br/>As for me, I’m sure I’ll keep replaying in my head for a long time what went wrong in this election. As I said in my concession speech, it’s going to be painful for quite a while. None of the factors I’ve discussed here lessen the responsibility I feel or the aching sense that I let everyone down. (Location: 5,876)<br/><br/>Onward Together<br/><br/>But in the end, there was nothing to celebrate. The glass ceiling held. The impossible remained so. I looked at Tala. We had never met before this moment, but in so many ways, I felt like I had been fighting for her and millions like her my entire career. And I had let them all down. (Location: 6,335)
 Not as thoughtful as hyped up to be!
 Reading this book was tough. I often felt like I was forced into mourning all over again. But nothing since the election has invigorated, inspired, of enraged me more than finally reading the truth without the miasma of shoddy reporting blocking my view. The real shame of this book was knowing how close we were to having this incredible woman lead us further into the future and how frustratingly simple it was deceive Americans enough to vote against themselves.
 I paid extra for the audible narration and it was so worth it to be able to listen to Secretary Clinton read this to me herself!  She has always been an inspiration, but this book really restores my faith in good leaders and the spirit and determination that is possible. She won more votes in the last election than anyone in recent history. Read this book yourself to find out why.
 Well written historical perspective.
 This is the worst pile of steaming horse **** that I have ever read.  Annoying, whiny, blame-everyone-else drivel from beginning to end.  If I could give it zero stars, I would.
 GIVING IT 5 STARS EVEN THO I HAVEN'T READ IT YET!!!
 First off, I want to explain why I bought this book. I, like many others, am someone who voted for Hillary despite having serious doubts about her. My vote was more a vote against Trump than for her, and, ironically, it wasn't until she gave her concession speech-- the first of her speeches to actually move me-- that I felt assured I had made the right choice when I voted for her. So that's the perspective I had when buying the book: a Hillary voter, but far from a blind follower or ravenous fan.<br/><br/>This book was a surprisingly candid look into Hillary's point of view, and it was honestly refreshing after months of hearing mostly Trump's perspective. If you're looking for an unbiased take, obviously this isn't the place for you. But if you're looking for answers about what went wrong with the Clinton campaign from the perspective of the candidate herself, it's definitely worth a read. In fact, with the exception of the chapter entitled "Getting Started" early on in the book-- which is very dry, and lists the names and jobs of way too many members of her campaign staff-- the book is actually a rather engrossing and quick read.<br/><br/>If nothing else, Hillary shows that she's a master at building arguments. At multiple points, and with increasing frequency as the book goes on, she presents her side of an issue, then systematically names and challenges opposing perspectives using comprehensive data that's easy to understand. It makes her take on "what happened" pretty convincing, at any rate.<br/><br/>And finally, despite what people keep saying on social media, she does accept blame for her mistakes in this book-- she just takes a lot of time to explain outside forces beyond her control that also contributed to her loss.<br/><br/>TL;DR: Even though the book is far from perfect, it is a good read for anyone interested in hearing Hillary's relatively unfiltered perspective on the election and the issues surrounding it.
 Love her or hate her, it is a pleasure to read a well written, honest, compelling book.  This book is a gift - an intimate look into her private experience.  For her fans - have tissues ready - I got misty just reading the authors note. For her critics - give this book a chance. Have an open mind and an open heart, and I think her strength and intelligence will surprise you.
 I was expecting a post mortem from her perspective.<br/><br/>A large part of the book dealt with what women candidates have to put up with and how she had to overcome sexism and misogyny.<br/><br/>That being said, I have a new respect for Ms.  Clinton.<br/><br/>I wish she had written this book BEFORE the election.  She comes across as an earnest, likeable person.
 Honest, blunt, revealing. It feels like Hillary is in the room with you venting her very real frustrations in the 2016 election. Everything she says makes sense and I wish she could have been this blunt on the campaign trail. I am only on page 126, as I don't like to read a book in one sitting, but I am grateful Hillary feels free to open up and call it as it is.
 Just finished the book and I have even more admiration and respect for this woman.  What an example of strength under duress with great class.  So wishing she would have been our President.  Looking at the horrible events and the moronic fool in office, the Russians should be very proud.  Republicans should hang their heads in SHAME for what they've done to our country!
 There is a lot of excellent information and analysis of the 2016 election in WHAT HAPPENED.  Hillary does a lot of blaming in this work and in many ways I agree with everything she says.  As she says in the book, what happened to her was almost like the Chinese water torture - a drip, drip, drip attacks on Hillary over the years.  While the final attacks by Trump and the email scandal were very detrimental it was hard to over come the fact that many people just didn't like her.  I also think that Hillary's campaign would have been great 10 or 12 years ago.  It just didn't work in 2016.  In addition, I think that the campaign was sort of a perfect storm - everything that could have gone wrong, went wrong.<br/><br/>This is a book for Hillary fans.  You have to appreciate her style and want to hear about her life.  There are many inspirational quotes intermixed with the text.<br/><br/>Anyone who has lost an election, or a job, or failed to achieve something that they sought for can clearly identify with the pain that Hillary goes through in this explanation which makes it a story that many people can identify with.  It's a great post script to the election but it is also time to move on and deal with the man that is currently in the White House.
 A candid look at Hillary's feelings during and after the election. It's an extremely interesting read and one that takes us under the tough skin of the most qualified presedential candidate in history. It's both heartbreaking and fascinating. Highly recommended.
 This was a remarkable book. I cried, shouted, screamed, laughed, and lamented with her over the 2016 election. Like the title, I keep asking "what happened" to our country? How did we get hijacked by the insanity that is Trump. A must read. Clinton looks honestly at her flaws and weaknesses, owns her mistakes, and yet truly celebrates her country and our possibilities. Whether you like her or not - especially if you don't like her - read this. It's a must.
 When she has nothing further to loose she can honestly  reflect on the many variables that lead to her lose.  I must say...I see her point. But I also wish I could provide her with additional insight. From my vantage point.
 After all the negative hoopla surrounding Hillary Clinton and her book, I was happy to read the book. I am reminded once again how gifted she is at identifying problems and viewing them objectly and coming up with possible solutions. As she writes, this is important so those  mistakes are not repeated in the future. I also very much enjoyed her sharing of personal experiences and life views. This is the Hillary I have  known for decades and loved and supported.  An excellent read in these days of out and out lies. Reason and truth are always comforting and can be built on for the long run.  Hillary, as always, does an excellent job when presented with the challenge.
 This book is not at all what I expected it to be. I decided to purchase after seeing her interview on the Rachel Maddow show. Very candid and it feels like you're seeing and meeting the real Hilary Clinton. Not the public, political (guarded) person you always see on TV. Really enjoying it.
 Hillary has bared her soul in this book, and we see who she is as a person who loves this country and her family. She has served faithfully, and had we not  been railroaded by gerrymandering and hacked voting systems, would have been our 45th president, and this works would be a far better place. Don't believe negative reviews...they didn't read the book. It's excellent.
 Couldn't come at a better time. The book is interesting and insightful.  .
 Very uplifting. Of course I supported Hillary or I wouldn't have read this. I found this book uplifting, and learned some things I hadn't known even though I follow politics closely. I'm just sorry for all those people who hate with a vengeance and just don't know what Hillary would have done for this country. Their, all of our, loss.
 This was a very good audio book.  Unlike others that tried to turn her book into a political statement, I saw her story as honest. She even states that it is HER story - that if you want unbiased then read from a history book. (although we all know that not all history books are unbiased - read about the native Americans)  I found it touching and showing a softer side of a woman who had to be tough in a world of mansplaining. I think it took another level of inner strength to say all that she said.
 How dare Clinton express any criticism of Bernie Panders who is as much a con man as Trump and is no more a Democrat than Trump is a Republican.  The nerve of that woman!
 Can't put this book down. It's wonderful getting to know the real Hillary. This book is candid, smart, insightful, reflective. Wonderfully written. I am especially enjoying her sense of humor. When she lost the election, I was devastated. It's comforting to learn her perspective and I love that she isn't afraid to speak her true opinions.
 Poignant, expressive and beautiful. It's a book that reflects on a heavy loss with honesty and thoughtfulness. It is as intelligent as Secretary Clinton herself.
 This book is an important look at the craziest election of my lifetime.  It made me by turns sad, infuriated, and frustrated that opponents succeeded in making Hillary the whipping post for their political and gender biases.  She addresses "What Happened" with frankness, intelligence and even - somehow - good humor.  A stronger woman than anyone I know.
 I highly recommend this book! I really enjoyed reading Hillary's discussion of the election (except for the outcome, of course!) But I truly related most to her discussion of the struggles and obstacles for women in government and politics. She is an inspiring woman and I will always look up to her for her strength and real knowledge of policy.
 Very genuine book.  Easy read not a wonky type of book.  Its also a very painful book. As I read it I say this competent over-qualified women could have been President.
 A great inside look/feel for all the horrors that are the Trump Dump!  Lock'em UP ‼️
 Easy read. Well written as you would expect. Honest. Owning her mistakes and some she shouldn't. So glad she finally felt empowered to take off the mask and be herself. Beautiful. America doesn't deserve her.
 I found this book to be an excellent analyses of the 2016 election. Clinton takes ownership of her mistakes while rightly pointing out the unique challenges thrown at her. Clinton is incisive, witty, and inspiring and an excellent writer.
 Reading and savoring now
 First, I voted for her. The book is very good. I wish she would stick to discussing the book when doing TV interviews. Her comments are not consistent with her book. I very much enjoyed the book. Now, Madam Secretary, mentor upcoming candidates. You have been a fabulous FLOTUS and a SUPER Secretary of State. Thank you for all you have done! Now, you enjoy your family.  XOXO
 I am on disc seven. I can't wait to drive to work for disc eight. So many emotions are revealed. Yes, Hillary eats lunch, loves hot suace, was pissed at Bill, loves her daughter, hates trump, suspects Russia, blames herself, and is a servant to us. Only giving g 4 stars cause I have to finish.
 An incredibly detailed account of Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign, including her taking responsibility over and over again for her downfalls, as well as bringing to light many of the other factors at play. Most people couldn't have made it through the campaign let alone make it through losing and have the strength to share her story despite the constant hate.
 While the prose may be lacking the insight and reflection within make it a captivating book.
 Voted for her, love her and the book!
 Still reading but it is a very interesting book. Am very anxious to finish it.
 This account is the REAL Hillary. She takes responsibility for her loss but explains many outside factors that led to it. She is completely justified in citing Jim Comey's October letter as a huge factor, but even more the obsession the press had with the emails. Those emails revealed nothing. Read it for the personal stories of people she met while csmpaigning - Hillary would be a wonderful profiles writer. The press never paid any attention to her stands on policy and her accomplishments to help women and children. Remember, her health care plan was very similar to what we got in 2010. She pointed out that the health insurers are much too powerful. Enjoy getting to know the most qualified presidential candidate ever. She is indeed likable.
 I've read other memoirs from past political nominees.  This one felt honest.  She has no plans on running again for public office, so why not be candid.  She is and it's a breathe of fresh air.  Would recommend.
 Though we've never met, we go way back.  Hillary was working for the inclusion of the disabled long before my son's accident.  She was in Dothan, Al, exposing an "Academy" that was opened to avoid integration. . .my husband and I lived there and knew co-workers whose children attended.  Reading this book felt as if she were sitting at my kitchen table, having a cup of coffee, and talking. . .woman to woman, mother to mother, grandmother to grandmother.  I get how this happened and I get what we are called to do.  Great book.  Should be shared.
 Excellent, inspiring, truthful and insightful. Anyone who reviews negatively did not read the book.
 This truly was not a book that I could read quickly.  I found myself putting it down countless times as emotions overwhelmed me. I loved the telling of Hillary's  feelings as she made this very historical  journey into the history of our country as a trailblazer for all women who will follow. This is a book that I will keep in my very small collection.  Thank you Hillary for opening up and sharing.
 Thorough, honest, insightful, and fun read.
 Great for all people to read regardless of political side. It was authentic and many parts moving and heartbreaking. Highly recommended
 Book is good. Thank you Amazon for blocking the fake reviews. you people should be ashamed, get a life.
 Great to read about the backstage life of her campaign.
 Powerful, clear, moving, persuasive...we need this book.  Hillary was the first woman to receive a major party nomination, and we need to know what she saw and what she thinks.  But she has also made this astonishing personal statement into a valuable treatise on women and politics.  Because of who she is (and not to mention what kind of President she would have been), she does not simply say "I think..." -- she says "I think/saw/observed/understood...and here is what decades of first class research also has to say."  The media -- and comments sections -- include people telling her to shut up and go away.  Notice them telling any men to do that?  What Hillary saw was what I too saw...what millions and millions of women and good-hearted, smart men saw.  We need this record.  I think young women need it most of all.  Thank you, Hillary.  I'm with you.
 I hate people hating on her. She was not my first pick (BERNIE!) but I wanted to read this immediately and preordered it. This is how SHE sees events unfolding and how SHE feels about the whole undoing process. She reveals an authentic self; unlike her older books, and you feel her.<br/><br/>Don't get me wrong, there are definite parts I disagree with, esp the Bernie parts.  She should remember the DNC and herself cheated at the primaries; and there are other parts, but it's her story.
 Yes!! I'm not finished with the book yet, only 1/4 left to go, but I love it. As a HRC fan, I needed this book. Hillary is a warm, compassionate person. I met her in person and found that out myself. It's a tough read, reliving the hatred towards her and her supporters. A great read, though.
 This book made me cry several times. Some because I have to relive through the election again and experience Hillary's defeat again. Some other times because I relived it through Hillary's perspective and mind. It's very cleverly written with a side of sarcasm to show how strong, intelligent, and resilient a woman Hillary was and still is.<br/>Thank you for giving us this.
 A historical election for sure.  Clinton's personal take on 2016 is important to understand.  We are still learning what took place via investigations.  Her resilience once again comes through in this book.
 Great
 Very insightful.  I've been waiting for this.
 Just started this book today. So far I am loving it. Will write more once I have finished the book but just want to say thank you HRC! You are an amazing person.
 Worth reading, I would recommend to my friends. Particularly my conservative friends &amp; my Bernie supporter friends. She's an icon
 This was a very personal and revealing book.  I enjoyed learning more about Hillary as a person.  Also the stories surrounding the campaign were interesting and thought provoking.  I also was happy that she gave those of us looking for something positive to do in today's political climate ideas and avenues to pursue now and in the future.
 A must-read memoir for all Americans.
 It thought this was a great book. Engaging and sincere. I love the audio version because I enjoy hearing her tell her story in her own voice. This book is like it's her chance to talk about all the issues that were ignored during the campaign and to finally get her chance to tell us what she would have done about them. It's also her take on so many strange and awful things that went during the campaign. It's not going to sway the haters. Hillary haters are always going to hate her. But I was never a Hillary hater. Now I'm really sad for the fact that we could have had a brilliant, amazing woman as president and instead we got what we got. What a terrible loss for this country.
 Amazingly raw and an unusual honest look into Clinton and what happened during the 2016 election. Great read. Well written.
 This book is hard to put down once you start reading.  H.R.C. did a marvelous job writing her story.  I think this book will become a valuable piece of history.  Definitely a must read!!
 I have a love/hate relationship with this book. I love that Secretary Clinton is out there telling her side of the story of what happened in the 2016 election, all the quotes she included, her writing style, the facts she provides throughout. I 'hate' that the book breaks my heart just thinking about what we could've had: a competent, wise, experienced, thoughtful, caring leader of the United States. Secretary Clinton had plans for everything -<br/> it was all in the details! She is a big policy wonk. She would have helped many! And if she didn't have a plan for someone she met that was suffering, she worked to learn more and form a plan! America really messed up this time!  We have a lot to learn from her!
 Although there were a couple of places where I felt the information was rehashed, I thought that the book was well written and provided good insight into the thoughts of Hillary before and after the 2016 election.
 Hard to read in the beginning.  It brings back the dissappointment. Yet,  there is hope and future in what follows.  She examines issues that the media and people in general shy away from.  We cannot change,  if we do not address these issues.  Way to go Hill.!
 Great detailed insight into her life and experience running for office with colorful flashbacks to relevant influences
 What a class act! Hillary writes an honest, raw, even funny memoir about what had to be an impossible time in her life to get through (as some people forget, she's a person too). She tells her story from her perspective, but offers it with the goal of helping her voters move onward too. Even in painful defeat, she thinks about the people who supported her and the stories she tells are therapeutic to the people who also feel defeated by her loss. She criticizes things she feels she couldn't criticize before the election, but more importantly she acknowledges many of the people who fought hard for her or were kind to her before and after the election. I'm not quite done with all almost-500 pages, but if you're even on the fence about buying "What Happened," do yourself a favor and pick it up!<br/><br/>Also the book itself is gorgeous. I'm more of an e-book person myself but I'm really glad I got the hard copy this time. The texture of the simple cover design and the beautiful sleeve and inside cover photos are gorgeous. Proud to have it on my bookshelf.
 I admire HRC very much and appreciate that she shared this account with us.
 It 's fantastic to see her "let her hair down."  I think many people thought that she was a non-caring cold individual.  This book shows that she's not at all that way.  At times, reading the book made me very sad all over again that the election went the way it did.  Unfortunately, I think that only the people that supported Hillary will read this book and if the deplorables read it, they'll just call it fake news.
 If you wanted a more candid/inside scoop of the 2016 election here it is. Very entertaining and easy to read.
 Great read!
 It is a very truthful and easy read book. It is also very helpful for people who would like to understand why she made the choices she did.And a real look into our system.
 I was a Bernie supporter, but this book made me see progressive politics a little differently.  Besides being an excellent look into Clinton's mindset before, during and after the election, this is an excellent survey of the politics of liberalism in this time.  It should be required reading for pol sci students.  Historians will study it for centuries.
 A recounting of the 2016 election through the eyes of the Democratic nominee. Many factors contributed to the loss of Secretary Clinton, and she still was within 100,000 votes of the presidency. All in all a good read.
 My 102 year old mother requested that I buy this book. She has read all the other books by Hilary Clinton and is impressed with it's content. As usual it came within two days as guaranteed.
 This is a great book from a lady who has a kind spirit, kind and generous lady to all, great leader.<br/>This book is insight on her travels during the run for president for 2016. What it takes to be a women in our society today. Love trumps hate
 Very insightful great read.
 When I heard about this book, I knew I had to read it. Anyone who was engrossed by the 2016 presidential campaign would surely want to hear HRC's side of the story, right? So I plunked down $15 and read it in six sittings. Overall, it's a good book. HRC is a compelling enigma and, throughout her twenty-five years in public life, I have had mixed feelings about her. I guess it's no surprise that her book produced the same feelings in me. As a feminist, I admire her record of service, obvious intelligence, and her astonishing toughness when up against misogynistic bullies like Trump, Putin, and Assange. As a feminist, I also wonder how a woman could stay married to a man accused of rape and sexual harassment. As I said, she is an enigma. After reading this book, I feel like I know her a bit better.<br/><br/>First, to those who say HRC passes the buck and makes excuses in this book, I offer the following: "I failed to convince the press that economics was more important than emails. It was. Just as frustrating was the fact that I never managed to convince some skeptics that I really was in it to help working families." This is one of several sections in which she takes responsibility for her loss. She doesn't just blame herself, though, and I guess some people have a problem with that. Instead she blames Trump, Comey, Bernie Sanders, the media (especially the NY Times), Putin, Assange, as well as bigger cultural problems like racism, sexism, and misogyny. She has valid points to make about each. On the press: "In 2008, the major networks' nightly newscasts spent a total of 220 minutes on policy. In 2012, it was 114 minutes. In 2016, it was just 32 minutes." She quotes Comey to impugn Russia, " ' We're talking about a foreign government that, using technical intrusion, lots of other methods, tried to shape the way we think, we vote, we act. That is a big deal.' She laments how a man as divisive and inexperienced as Trump could gain 63 million votes.<br/><br/>When it comes to the voters, she shows a remarkable on-the-ground knowledge of various social issues, everything from police brutality to rural white anger at Washington. I suppose a cynic might speculate that these are all things she has learned SINCE the election and she lost because she didn't connect with the public enough at the time. Whatever the truth is, HRC shows in this book that she has a thorough understanding of the forces at play in 2016.<br/><br/>When she is not dissecting the election and the electorate, which she does quite well, the book reads like a hodgepodge memoir. We see her life in Chappaqua, hear about her long career of public service, and -- in the most fascinating part -- hear her lay out her theory that Putin had a vendetta against her and the Obama administration. I enjoyed hearing about the foreign intrigue and domestic details but got a little bored by other parts of it. I think a decent editor could have pared this tome down to less than 500 pages.
 An inspiring account of her bravery and resilience.
 An amazing insight into what really happened behind the story that the media presented to the public. The book offers sound facts and will serve well to historians, political scientists and operatives, as well as media professonals.<br/>It was quite painful to relive all the tensions and devastating moments of this strange election and it's difficult to wrap one's head around the outcome. I really appreciate the sincerity of narration. Hillary Clinton, one of the strongest and most accomplished women in the world, reveiled her intimate thoughts and true feelings, showing the reader her very human and brave face.
 I've ordered my children and grandchildren to read this book.  I've savored it , reading only l chapter at a time to make it last longer.  Thank you Hillary Clinton for including us in your life....because it's so much like ours.  You will always be remembered for your good works which is what it's all about anyway.  Good works always translates into love.
 Fascinating
 I enjoyed reading this from Hillary's point of view.
 Amazing. I love to hear a strong woman who no longer needs to play nice and is unbridled, able to say it how it is (and was). History will be kind to Hillary. It was hard to read as it made me emotional, but it was also very therapeutic. Loved hearing her take on things.
 It's great to hear what happened from Hillary Clinton's point of view. Despite the fact that commentators say she doesn't take responsibility for anything going wrong, SHE DOES! Instead, the media would rather not accept responsibility for mainstreaming Donald Trump and his ridiculous behavior both during the campaign and after.  It doesn't take a genius to figure out that the interference by James Comey, both in July and October treating Hillary Clinton as a criminal despite the fact there was nothing to charge her with was a major factor in her loss.  That along with the fact it was never disclosed Donald Trump's campaign was the subject of a counter intelligence investigation really tipped the scales in favor of Trump.
 Wow, this book is amazing. I'm finding out a lot, what she's been thinking and has gone through. How this woman didn't win is beyond me. You can learn a lot about her you might not know and it's so well written, I'm really impressed. No ghost writer, all Hillary. This woman has a way with words. This is a must read or listen to.
 So smart, witty and full of the woman I admire so much.  It is so sad, she is not currently President. Not so much for her, her strength is beyond unreal, but for us!!
 Very well written, this book is a great way to see the facts through her eyes, this was a nasty campaign.
 Genuine. Honest. I feel like I am sitting on a couch talking to her, crying &amp; laughing with her. I feel what she says....recommend if you want to understand her thoughts, feelings and actions.
 Wonderful account of 'what happened'. Couldn't put it down! What a traviste that she's not our president.
 Such interesting insight into a disturbing moment in American electoral history.
 In this book, Hillary is vulnerable and real. Between its covers, we get a peek into her heart, her thinking, her family, her team, her strategies, and perhaps even her soul. The only thing that could have made this book any better for me is if it was an autographed copy!
 An insightful and wonderful read that explores her journey. #imwithher
 Written with a high degree of eloquence and grace considering her treatment by the Trump Campaign and the media throughout the 2016 election (and beyond).  Hillary Clinton shows herself to not just be someone who has spent their life in public service, but also as an extremely bright 'policy nerd' who could have done a tremendous amount of good for our country - had she been given a fair shake.  Though its clearly not in her nature to do so - you can tell she is working hard to reveal who she truly is to the reader, what she cares about, and sadly - what could have been.  A great book that made me wish I had been more involved in the 2016 election beyond just casting my vote.  Hilary Clinton is an inspiration and I believe the country has suffered a great loss in not electing her as our Commander in Chief - one that will likely be felt for decades to come.
 Excellent, well-written honest account of the 2016 election and a call to action against an insular bigotted world view. Thank you Mrs. Clinton.
 I loved the fact filled, heart filled and thoughtfully crafted pages of this book. If you are thinking of buying it, DO IT
 I couldn't put it down.  She inspired me, again, to rise up as a woman and hold my head high against misogyny, oppression, and injustice.
 A smart memoir by the smartest woman I know. Hillary didn't lose, America lost.
 Love having Hillary read the book to me!  I'm still with her!
 For anyone who hasn't gone to the hateful side. Well written and so interesting. An amazing woman.
 This book was written for me.  I am one of the thousands who volunteered for her campaign in 2016 and 2008 and one of the millions who voted for her.  This book is about healing our broken spirits.
 When I saw this book go up for presale, I knew I was going to order it and read it. I just didn't know if I was going to like it. Turns out I really did. When it got here a few days ago, I was in the middle of Chuck Hogan &amp;  Guillermo Del Toro's creepy and awesome <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Strain/dp/0062068253/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Strain</a> so as I put that aside and cracked opened "What Happened" I thought to myself - "This better be good." Well, it's a totally different story but certainly absorbing it its own right.<br/><br/>First off I feel like one point needs to be made above all others. The book is titled "What Happened." It isn't titled "Why I didn't win." or "101 excuses." or "It's Comey's fault." This book is not a litany of complaints or blaming other people. In fact, there is a whole lot of honest, up-front claiming of responsibility for blunders and missteps throughout. She never whines or grouses about anything here. This book is simply an overview of the 2016 campaign from HRC's perspective, with many asides regarding her background, family history, political experience and general outlook on U.S. and foreign policies. I can see how some might not be thrilled or excited by reading this overview, but I found it to be quite interesting.<br/><br/>Regardless of your political outlook, there is one thing that is indisputable... the 2016 U.S. Presidential election will be discussed and digested by everyone from professional pundits to middle school civics classes for decades to come. It was a landmark election no matter which way you slice it. Additionally... like it or not, Hillary Rodham Clinton has been (and will continue to be) one of the most influential and dominating figures in U.S. and global politics, ever. In fact, this is one of the cases she lays out here that is made very well indeed.<br/><br/>While both candidates in the 2016 race were and are divisive figures, it can't be denied that HRC has been helping to shape U.S. policies since the early 1990's and has been incredibly successful in politics despite a healthy dislike for her from a huge swath of the electorate. Her legacy is cemented and as time moves on, as with most other larger than life political figures, much of the hyperbole and gnashing of teeth will fade into the background, leaving a more sagacious overall picture of her accomplishments.<br/><br/>The only ding I can really give this book is that early on there is a lot of name-checking and listing of campaign staffers and/or friends who she obviously feels gratitude for. There are certain chapters that are essentially a credit roll of people whom she has affection for and feels a debt to. Including their name in this book is exciting for these people I'm sure. I would be impressed if it was my name or the name of someone I knew, but during this part of the book, I admit I skipped ahead a few pages.<br/><br/>The real value of this book is to give one a true insider's view into how everything went down and how HRC feels about all this after the fact. As stated, this is not a blame fest or spite-filled list of excuses. Really, it's the opposite. She heartily and readily admits her own shortcomings and mistakes while just as boldly giving credit to others when and where it is deserved. It's pretty obvious that even if she WAS tempted to lay blame on others she is fully aware of how that would be received, so every effort is made to be fair and even-handed in any assessments of "what happened."<br/><br/>Clearly, this book is not for everyone. It's not even for everyone who voted for her. But if you are interested in reading an account of the 2016 election from the Democratic candidate's perspective with a healthy dose of her history, background, and family thrown in, you will enjoy this book. I did.
 I loved this book and greatly admire HRC.  History will vindicate her point of view.  Right now, haters rule.  Too bad.
 Glad to know her perspective.
 What Happened is an emotional rollercoaster that gives me hope for the future. The transparency and vulnerability is absolutely amazing. Hillary continues to fight with grace and grit. Haters gonna hate nevertheless she persisted. I will always be #stillwithher.
 HRC brilliantly and bluntly talks about 2016. She held nothing back and I'm grateful. If you can't be open to hearing some hard truths, this is not the book for you!
 Good read great closure on the campaign and SHE TOOK RESPONSIBILTY, people that are reviewing and saying she didn’t obviously didn’t read the intro or any of the book
 AMAZING!
 Let's stipulate that Hillary Clinton made mistakes in her 2016 campaign (as she details). Let's further agree that, for reasons just and unjust, real and trumped up, many folks simply do not like her. Nevertheless, the 2016 campaign for president was a travesty, a crime, an unraveling of our democracy. In What Happened, Ms Clinton details all the mistakes she made (she's especially troubled by the "coal miners will be out of work" comment, taken out of context), the miscalculations (to put it kindly) of Jim Comey, and the malicious and relentless attacks by the Trump-Russia team.<br/>The trolls are out in force, telling her, and us, to let it go, move on, suck it up. After reading this book, I believe that would be exactly the wrong thing to do, unless we want the outcome of all future elections to be determined by foreign oligarchs.<br/>Read this book before you judge it, or her!
 Absolutely love it. Extremely well written, pulls you in and is hard to put down. #stillwithHer
 Amazing read. Great insight to Hillary's personal life and perspective on issues, the election, and our future. Although it's hard to re-live the 2016 election nightmare, it's important to see through the eyes of the over-qualified woman who beat the unqualified man by over 3 million votes....and still lost. #AlwaysHillary
 I'll preface this review by saying I'm not some huge Clinton fan. I didn't campaign for her and, like all politicians, I've viewed many of her actions with a degree of skepticism. I DID vote for her, simply because she was, hands down, the most qualified person on the ballot and in the entire field. I voted for her because she had the credentials and experience to get the job done. Just like Obama, I'm sure she would have done things I didn't personally agree with, but I knew she would do them in the interest of making the best decisions for the nation, and based on available evidence and facts.<br/><br/>That out of the way - this book is an honest account of, well, what happened. It's a painful, hard look at mistakes Clinton made and a candid look into HRC's world and how she saw events as they happened. It's chillingly candid at times and shines a different light on the 2016 election. The book is incredibly well-written, entertaining at times, hilarious at other times, and provides amazing insight into both the current state of our country and our electoral process.<br/><br/>Whether you voted for her or not, regardless of whether you understand that millions of Americans were conned via a widespread disinformation campaign to vote for Trump, whether you are into politics or not, this is essential reading for understanding where we are today as a nation and where we can go from here. Stop what you're doing and read this book. Seriously.
 Give 'em hell, Hillary!  Beautifully written, fully documented and supported by facts. If you can stomach the truth, this is a must read.
 Hillary Rodham Clinton is one of the best known and least known people in the world.  She is widely recognized, but much of what people believe they know about her is distorted or flat out fictitious.  This memoir of the 2016 campaign has already achieved a similar status: as soon as it was published it attracted criticism and mockery from people who clearly had had no time or desire to actually read it.  Well, I've read the book, and I'm writing this review to say that it is an honest attempt by an able and intelligent woman to come to terms with what must have been one of the most heartbreaking moments of her life.  I know it had to have been, because November 8, 2016 certainly was that for me.  I'm a white Southern male, 60 years old, and a Democrat all my life.  When people say things like "I vote for the best candidate, not for a party," I always respond "I do too:Jimmy Carter, Jimmy Carter, Walter Mondale, Mike Dukakis, Bill Clinton, Bill Clinton, Al Gore, John Kerry, Barack Obama, Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton." I'm proud of every one of those votes, but I'm proudest of the latest one, because Hillary Rodham Clinton is a smart and good person who ran against one of the vilest human beings to ever set foot in the White House.  What happened to our country in 2016 was and remains a disaster, and its the duty of ever thinking non-deplorable American to read and study what happened so we can do our best to keep it from ever happening again (assuming we survive).<br/><br/>What Happened is a memoir of the campaign with frequent excursions into Clinton's earlier life.  I enjoyed her recollections of her youth and her memories of her parents, especially her mother.  But mostly I appreciated her recapitulations of some of the issues and themes of her campaign, because this is where that "best known, least known," aspect of her life comes into play.  For instance, I have been assured for years that "Hillary has promised to take our guns." Really? Compare that with the well thought out pages in this book in which she discusses the need to be respectful of the legitimate rights of gun owners (yes, she really said that) with the need to do something about inner city violence.  Or perhaps you've heard that "Hillary committed treason with her emails." Read this for a full capitulation of what actually happened.  There's page after page of reasoned, well thought out ideas and answers for some of the most troubling issues facing our country.  She talked about those issues in 2016, just as she does here, but people didn't listen to her then and most won't read this now.  Another section many people need to read but probably won't deals with the heavy amount of Russian influence in the 2016 election, and the growing evidence that Trump and his campaign actively colluded with Putin and his stooges.<br/><br/>Every page in this book is informative and well worth reading, and those who come to it with open minds will finish it with increased admiration for Hillary Clinton's strength, intelligence, and what she calls "radical empathy."  I especially admire her for the pain with which she writes of having to confront and deal with the reasons for her loss (contrary to another widely circulated smear, she does indeed take full responsibility for that loss). But I would say that the most rewarding chapters have to be the final ones, in which she seeks to give us new hope and faith in the future.  These include some cogent suggestions for future electoral success for Democrats and progressives, but there is also a lot of good, solid, life philosophy grounded in her Methodist faith and her native optimism. This is a side of Hillary Clinton that has always been there for those of us who care enough to see it.  It may be too much to expect to hope that people who have spent decades hating her might see things differently, but I think she has that hope, and the least I can do is join her in it.<br/><br/>I saw Hillary Rodham Clinton in October, 1992, when she spoke at a campaign rally in downtown Atlanta.  I was impressed with her then and I remain impressed today.  What Happened is her valedictory address of sorts, and while it's impossible to read it without sighs of regret for what might have been, it is still an encouraging and even ennobling work for those who care to see the truth.
 I bought into the talk early focused on how she should just go quietly and believed the few negative stories commenters were pulling out of context. But then I thought - wait, this was an historic moment for women and our country. We had never had a major party candidate for president that was a woman. And we had never had such an openly sexist, misogynistic man run for President in my lifetime - and he won. I realized I needed to hear how it felt from inside and how lucky we were to have her writing this history just after it unfolded. And it turns out, I really love the book. She is honest and clear. She speaks to women's issues in a way that makes me cry but also gives me great hope for the future. She doesn't pull punches about how dangerous she thinks this administration could be and why, or about the how the Presidential race has turned into a great game show devoid of issues and how that hurts our country. She is up front about her privileges, which as times reminds me of why she had trouble connecting, but she also points out correctly that her flaws would have looked much different on a man and much different if the press has focused more on policy and less on pizzazz. She is honest and open and reminds us of the many indignities women must face to get to where she is. It is extremely relatable and I highly recommend it. Get the first edition. It is a piece of history.
 This is the most candid Hillary ever!  I read it like I would a thriller (just one more chapter then I'll go to sleep).  I relived the soul crushing defeat of November 8th.  Loved the inside scoop direct from the source and her candor.  If she had won in spite of all the roadblocks it might have been years before we could read this.  She's the first to tell you she wasn't the most perfect candidate but she cast blame where it should rightly be cast.  I wish it was longer.  Hope the stars align so I can get it signed.
 Well written and introspective...I'm glad she told her story.  Hillary Clinton has to be one of the bravest public servants I've ever known.<br/>The Hillary haters are going to slam it no matter what.  Ignore them.
 I felt this book was spot on!<br/>I did not think she was just making flimsy excuses for her loss. She took plenty of responsibility. However, Russia, Comey and Bernie all played a part. I remember Bernie sitting at the convention with a terrible scowl on his face the entire time! He was also threatening to challenge her votes until he finally half way indorsed her. He was the sore looser in the election! Worse part, he's not even a democrate!<br/>Now look at who we have!<br/>Way to go Bernie supporters! How is it working out for you?
 Fancinating inside look into one of the most shocking outcomes of modern political history. Definitely worth a read. There are so many lessons to be learnt from this.
 An excellent and interesting recap of the 2016 election through the eyes and heart of HRC.  I loved it.
 Our nation owes this woman an apology. I especially enjoyed the audio version with Hillary.
 This is an excellent book. As an artist as I was reading it was as if she was painting a picture as she was writing. She writes like a painter paints. I notice people are giving it one star. Those people aren't reading it. If anyone does they will see the intelligence Hillary has.  It's not easy to recount anything in a persons life but  for Hillary to write this in such detail I definitely applaud her.
 Hillary shares her process as she examines the bizarre (my word) outcome from the Presidential Election of 2017. Told in a compelling, candid, manner with plenty of good humor. I needed this book.<br/>America needs this book. What Happened shows Hillary light up ground zero of the attack on our democracy, investigate events from her position as Presidential Nominee and illuminate details of her path forward by empowering others.<br/>Don't give up. Do read this book. Stronger Together!
 very well written, and gives great insight to the person some called emotionless. I didn't think it would be very good but after reading this book I feel as if the country made a big mistake.
 Fantastic!
 As always, Hillary demonstrates great competence and knowledge throughout the entire book. Her recollection of events are backed by relevant facts and citations throughout her entire, remarkable journey through the 2016 election. Overall, the book is another strong testament to Hillary's character, temperament, and dedication to serve the country and its people.
 What an amazing, gracious, raw insight into what it takes to run for president. I definitely don't envy what Hillary went through.
 Well done and from the heart.
 Great insight, and humor!<br/>It's an excellent read, whether you supported her in 2016 or not.
 Loved it. Was a very healing book for me.
 Before even jumping into the partisan politics within the book, it should be noted that the book itself is very well-written and all of its claims are immediately backed up with hard evidence or relevant anecdotes. I found it engaging and warm, and I had to stop myself a few times and realize I was reading 480 pages of stuff written by someone who I had voted for to be the 45th President of the United States, not some particularly witty behind-the-scenes campaign operative. Someone I adored for over a decade (worth noting that at the time of this review I'm only 19) and truly wanted to be POTUS. Obviously that makes my review subjective, but I believe that it was written well according to objective standards. If you're like me, you'll be nodding along. If not, you'll still be turning one page after another anyways.<br/><br/>If you hate Hillary Clinton with a burning passion, you'll probably scoff at "engaging and warm" or "immediately backed up with hard evidence," but then again you're probably not reading five-star reviews of this book. If you are, though... welcome!
 This book is a must read for both sides in the 2016 presidential election.  It offers much food for thought.
 Primary sources are crucial to the study of history. In this work, Secretary Clinton provides a valuable insight into her experience during the 2016 Campaign for US President. She begins with a stark and heart breaking exposition on her experience as a woman in US politics and moves from phase to phase of her experience with a mixture of introspection and empirical analysis. As the person at the center of a historic moment, Clinton provides the reader anecdotes that were shared with others during the campaign and its aftermath, and goes beyond to provide an important gift to readers who look back at the election of 2016 and wonder....."What Happened".<br/><br/>Whether the reader agrees or disagrees with Secretary Clinton's politics or views, this book will become a primary resource for casual and academic scholars interested in Hillary Rodham Clinton's role in the history of the United States.
 She apologizes for letting so many people down, but she has it backwards, we let her down.
 Great read...and recommend every one to read. Eye opener and she cleared up a lot of misconceptions. I love her and never questioned her motives... great work and I hope she keep up doing what she do.
 It had to be said in her own words, I respect her for it.
 Very inspiring! What are you going to do about a big defeat? Move on. I was as disappointed as she was when she lost. One day after the election, I was crying in between seeing my patients. Reading this was very cathartic. After 10 months, I'm finally in the last stage of grieving: Acceptance. Again, this book is about her perspective during the election process.
 This book is captivating - she comes across as honest, likeable and real.  And it is a fascinating look into the campaign and the events surrounding it.  I have cried, I have chuckled, and mostly I have listened deeply to this articulate and insightful woman.  Listen to the audible version - it is amazing to hear her tell her story!
 I hadn't wanted to read this - I didn't want to relive the trauma of the election. But reading this book is like getting to sit down with Clinton and talk about what it was like. Yes, she is a real person. Like all humans, she does some things better than others. And she makes a powerful case for the never-ending double standard that she has had to face all of her career because she is a woman. I already admired her a great deal - this book solidified and expanded that admiration.
 5 days ago, around the official release of this book,  there were 54% of one star, negative, offensive reviews on this site-- almost all, were not verified purchases. Its good to see that to date, there are just 5% negative reviews-- all verified purchases. That's ok. this is after all the land of the free, buy the book, then you earn the privilege to put your two cents in. Although, I don't get it, why do ppl spend the $$ just to be able to leave a one sentence bad review?  Majority of the customers that bought this book and loved the book are HRC supporters who struggled with the shock and hurt of her election loss. I am glad she's not running again, her voice will be more effective and powerful without the baggage that people often accuse her for, that she just wants peoples vote. She doesn't have any elections to lose anymore, and we all know what they say about people who have nothing to lose- --when they fight, they give it their all. I'm glad she is now a private citizen and is free to say what she wants to say and I'm guessing there will be more. My main take away from this book the truth will come out soon enough and if there's anyone getting locked up, it ain't gonna be HRC.
 I couldn't put it down.
 The political arena can be a nasty place. The 2016 Presidential Race sank to the bottom of the sewer as undercurrents of bigotry, sexism, misogyny, and outright lies and fake news coupled with Russian interference. The late British PM Winston Churchill once said: "In a democracy, you get the type of government you deserve"<br/>I dare to say that we don't deserve the hatred and division that exists in Washington today. Shame on the 45% of registered voters who didn't exercise the most precious freedom that we have!
 Well written, honest, often humorous and humble insight to 2016 Campaign.
 I bought this on Amazon and I also bought the audiobook on Audible. I loved it. I think people are expecting some kind of political manifesto, it really is Hillary just telling her story. Which, by the way, she doesn't need permission or approval to do. Nor does she need to have written it in a way to make you feel better. This is her story, told her way and as such, it is perfect. It is also one more stark reminder of what could have been. Her writing deftly illustrates her intelligence, eloquence, leadership acumen, strength, and humor. I am very glad she told her story on her own terms and I loved reading and listening to it. I am also still with her.
 Thank you Hillary for this book.  It is such a great lens for looking at what happened!  Your courage, honesty and just sharing the reality of what really we experience  when we are in the deep valley of frustration and feel such a loss--  I love the when you say you just changed into yoga pants]  because this is something I do whenever I return from a challenging situation ---- all I want to do is close my eyes and make it all disappear-- this is the REAL DEAL--  Reading the book, I felt that I was sitting right next to you and you are sharing your story.  I believe  that when the story is told in the future, girls like my grand daughter and your granddaughter will have a real good understanding of what took place, how we women were treated in 2016 and our side this story-- and how you handled it-- like a champ!!  This will be a historic piece--I guarantee it--
 Loved this book. Great political read! Funny, angry, honest, and hopeful--the audiobook is good, too!
 If you love Hillary Clinton like I do, this book is for you! Hearing her view of what happened was very eye opening. I cried, laughed, got angry, and then decided to keep up the good fight!
 Funny, touching/ painful, human, intelligent, informative, well narrated and positions coherent, fact based and convincing. I admire Hillary Clinton even more now. She represents the very best of America and humanity.
 Finally, we get to hear from her on this subject. We knew what happened, but it's wonderful to hear the inside scoop and learn her feelings about it. Not likeable enough? Nonsense. She's great...the best, and she should be president right now!
 Great book. Smart, classy, caring woman. She has spent her life helping people and should be.president. Touching, serious book. From her view. If you don't care about her view, don't complain about the book. She's the adult in the room.
 I do not agree with the negative reviews. Why did they purchase the book? What did they expect? This is Hillary Clinton's story about what she feels happened from her point of view.  She has every right to tell her side of the  story. I liked the book and would recommend it.
 My eyes were watering from the first pages in the Author's Notes.  This woman has been to hell and back, and tried to keep the rest of us from going to hell.  This is the story of a real American with real values and morals and ethics.  She is an absolute example of strength when you feel weak, courage when afraid, and joy where there is overwhelming sorrow and pain.  I was hesitant to buy the book, and re-live the whole 2 year period of the 2016 election, and I am so glad I did not.  Grace, steadiness, edginess, stubbornness, leadership, my President!
 Absolutely a great read, giving a fresh and unique perspective on the 2016 race.
 She is very open and honest. Great book!
 Written front the heart with clarity and sincerity.....Absolutely beautiful! 🌈🐸💖🇺🇸🗽🇺🇸💖🐸🌈 Thank you to the woman who is truly the legitimate President. 🙏  RESIST! ✊🏼🇺🇸🗽🇺🇸✊🏼
 Finally the closure I needed after a very disappointing loss.
 Surprise, surprise - Hillary is different from the monster creature painted by the media. If you don't have time for the whole book, just read the last two chapters - inspiring, touching, worth it. Keep going!
 Hillary's insight into her thinking and what she was feeling is memorable and I applaud her. She is laying the groundwork for the next woman who throws her hat into the political storm. She has lessons to teach and admire. I hope she stays talking to all of us, for the good of the nation. She's a true patriot
 This book is the most honest, heartfelt biography I've ever read. You'll laugh, cry and oftentimes want to throw the book across the room when you remember "omg that really happened! Why isn't she our President?" Hillary won the popular vote by a landslide and our nation is still healing from the bitter reality of Russia, Comey and hopefully a possible impeachment. I imagine writing this book was cathartic for Hillary but it was equally as healing for her base. We needed to hear this message and the timing couldn't have been better. I walked away feeling more hopeful and empowered about about our future. I haven't felt that way since Nov 8th. Thank you for sharing your story, Madame Secretary #ImStillWithHer
 This book is more balanced than we have a right to expect. Clinton accepts blame, but she also declines to gloss over the sheer idiocy of the focus on her emails or the still inexplicable behavior of James Comey. She marshals facts, she doesn't restrain her passion for data, she provides the context of "quotations" twisted out of any semblance of accuracy. Beyond all this, she is funny, wry, tender, angry, hurt, grateful, and, as always, piercingly intelligent. I don't worship political figures, or anyone else. I don't agree with her about everything. But for the sake of the country I love, I hurt in some way every single day that this woman is not sitting in the White House. I kept having to stop reading What Happened to collect myself, to walk off my own anger and pain. This isn't about losing an election. I'm used to that. I wasn't happy about the 2000 election being decided by five Supreme Court justices, but that pales in comparison to the many kinds of loathsome interference in this one. I am grateful to Hillary Clinton for much, but right now I'm most grateful to her for giving us this record of what happened. And we must not let it happen again.
 There are so many people out there who clearly hate Hillary Clinton!  I think it's hilarious that they are buying her book so they can leave negative reviews on Amazon!<br/>I however left a very positive review and it has disappeared. It is silly and strange that many of the negative reviews have several thousand 'helpful's!  Even 1 word, when the truth is  that the book is good.<br/>An important book by an important woman.<br/>This is an intelligent important woman who wrote an important intelligent book that has a calming and healing effect on many of us who were horrified with the result of the 2016 election.<br/>Trump for 3 more years? What a frightening option, he's melting down daily and we could nave had this wonderful woman.  Why all the hateful people? Would not want children in this broken society.<br/>Amazon has a not obviously with 20,000 'lkes' for ON!LYtne ugliest 1 star reviews!
 Compete garbage.
 Hillary was on the front lines of every aspect of this election. No one is more qualified to author a post-mortem on the events than she. I found her insights to be comprehensive, well researched and well thought out. Many good lessons to learn from in here if we want to prevent such a catastrophe again.
 I found this to be an honest and true depiction of how HC saw her campaign. It made me see sides I never thought of and more importantly made me think of the future of this country in ways I haven't before. I have deep respect for this woman who spent her life doing what she though was the right thing.
 Thank you Hillary I love the book.
 Inspirational, honest
 Bought a copy for me and one for my mother.  The candor and humanity resound. If you've wondered "what happened," if you wonder how the horrible embarrassment that is tRump got his wide rear onto the chair in the Oval Office, this book is a great touchstone.<br/>Beware the early one-star reviews: those fools didn't *read* the book! While HC's speech and writing has never seemed dry to me, if for you there has been a disconnect between her policies and history of caring, and a bit of a rigid exterior, then this book will blow your hair back a bit with a fresh breeze of understanding. It stands to give a sincere and mature perspective to people who are "haters"--should they posses the command of language to make it through, they stand to be rewarded by increased sense of peace and a firm reminder that Hilliary will always be smarter than they are, and if they set down their World-View-Narrowing specs they can learn to be unbothered by the success of sturdy people who happen *not* be men.<br/>Here's hoping!!
 An absolute must read.
 Great read, actually couldn't put it down. Interesting look at what happened , no pun intended, from HRC from an inside perspective as opposed to all of us on the outside looking in. I found inspiration for the future journey and was reminded that she is still  such a great role model. My only problem with the book is that it reminded me of what a terrible mistake this country made.
 A great way to see the inside of the election. Hillary is a great woman who had the perfect storm against her. She is accountable, insightful, reflective, brave and even hilarious in this book. Great book from an amazing woman.
 I enjoyed the book a great deal. It was personal, and I thought she did a great job letting her readers know how she felt about a wide range of issues past &amp; present. Highly recommend!
 HRC shows her vulnerability and humor. I cried for our country, our loss, and for her.
 This book is 462 pages not counting its excellent index.  One might say we already know most of what is in it if we paid attention to the news for the two years of the campaign.  Even for those of us who followed the news, this is interesting because it is from the inside by the person who lived it.  I have read two other books by Ms. Clinton, and I was prepared to be very bored.  Her book about being in the State Department read like pages from her travel calendar.  As it turned out, this book wasn’t the least boring.  Her attention to detail is impressive, and what she couldn’t remember, she looked up.<br/><br/>I am a little suspicious of the prompt reviews that said she was blaming everyone but herself for the loss.  It is a long book.  It took a while to read.  She agonized over every tiny error she made.  There are those who can’t read her book yet without their PTSD kicking in, and it is very difficult for that reason.  It has been far more difficult for her to realize that there were people out there who hated her so much they would rather destroy the republic than put her into office.  If she can make it through, one can only admire her for it.  Her religion helped her as did many many friends.<br/><br/>The book is a worthwhile read, more interesting than her previous books, and a good history of the 2016 election.  It is also a wake up call for a last ditch effort to prevent the disestablishment of the US.
 A great book, an important book, a historical snapshot of a world-changing election.
 I must read!  Very well written. I was surprised how witty Mrs. Clinton is. As a Gtandmother myself I related to her story. As an America citizen who was very disappointed and worried about our country her thoughts helped paint a picture of "WHAT HAPPENED'.
 Not nearly as bad as the rumours claim. Well written and very interesting.
 A thorough and revealing look into Clinton's assessment of why she lost 2016 campaign. Couldn't put it down. I highly recommend this book.
 As a fan of Mrs. Clinton,  I hope as you read this book you do it with an open mind.  It is not meant as a "hack" job on Donald Trump as some of you have written on facebook.  It is a book about how the antiquated system of the electorial college  gave the election to a person who's willing to give our country a black eye  over and over.  She tells how she worked so hard to win this for the good of our country.  I feel like I wish I had done more to help her achieve this goal.
 Complete, cogent, coherent sentences. That alone made me happy.  A comprehensive look from inside. while I have enormous respect for Secretary Clinton and think she would have been a vast vast vast improvement, her introspection doesn't address the overconfidence throughout the end of the campaign. She's too smart to rely on polls - why did she?
 Thank you for writing this book Hillary Clinton.  Your words helped me to better digest and understand the devastating results of this election.  I never realized how important it really was to me that someone who looked like me was going to become President, until the moment I knew it wasn't going to happen.  I know you feel like you let us all down.  You didn't.  Thank you for allowing us in, to read all you personal thoughts, feelings, mistakes, hopes, and fears.  You have bravely pioneered the way for so many that will undoubtedly follow your footsteps in the future.
 I bought it on Audible. It's read by Mrs Clinton, which I find it be both soothing and sad. It's a wonderfully candid book, she does see and explain "what happened" quite well. She dives deep into DT's messaging and how it differed from hers. She also goes hard on the media, which, I agree, are to blame for the circus the coverage of her campaign was. I guess negative reviewers expect her to hate herself or say she herself is responsible for the election of DT. She of course, doesn't. This book is very her. She thoughtfully and analytically processes the events that led to her loss. She's incredibly strong, smart, productive and resilient. Its heartbreaking to me that she is not our president. Every day we have new examples of how terrifying and unfit DT is to lead this country. God bless us all.
 I read this book front to back in a day. Detailed, heart-breaking, and holds no bars perspective.  A must read.
 An honest soul searching review of her 2 years running for the presidency.  For those who say she blames everyone but herself, you obviously didn't  read the book.  The titles is "What Happened" and she tells it as she sees it.  Sadly the rest of us who so badly wanted her to be our president see it that way too.
 This was such a heartfelt book by a brilliant woman who is free to speak out as never before.  I have had a hard time putting the book down while dealing with family and work.  It is so much more than the narrow view some cynics have portrayed.  I am convinced most who have put it down haven't read it for it is most certainly not the words of a whiner.  It is instead a thoughtful and clear headed analysis of this period in our history.<br/><br/>I received a comment from someone determined to attack Clinton and the way he did so was to suggest I am an early reader.  I thought this was an example of how little this reader learns from observation.  I am first of all 75 years old and have been through many political campaigns.  Secondly, I was for awhile an editor.  I don't expect someone like Hillary Clinton to write with the style of Wallace Stegner.  I expect instead clarity and thoughtful analysis.  This is what she provided and I am grateful.<br/><br/>While responding to this person's comment, I noticed that the one star reviews have popped up again.  I looked through them for awhile to see what they said and I am confident that most are fake.  These people may have bought the book, but it is not likely they read the book so quickly, and their reviews mostly just parrot the same lies one sees on social media.  I grew tired of seeing the same baloney repeated ad nauseum.  All I can say is I recommend the book and hope others will read it too.
 Smart, Sassy and full of class.  It's a truthful story of her life, her "reasons", her challenges.  I could not put it down, she is a woman NOT afraid to say what happened!  Thanks Hillary for being an inspiration to women!
 I have read this book and found it quite enlightening. Many reviewers have posted negative comments, really negative comments. These are comically unwarranted. And there is a lot of Fox News or party lines about Hilary that are the go-to's of the Breitbart crowd. The thought of conspiracy makes my skin crawl every time I hear it from the nutty right but I dare say this overload of negative reviews has the odor of a concerted effort to slam the book. And why would all of them have bothered to read her book. I sure wouldn't read a book by 45. Well realistically, he can barely speak correctly so a book would probably be a long shot.
 Read this book.  What she says is true.  It IS everyone's fault.  She was clearly, undeniably the most qualified candidate to ever run for president and THE MEDIA we all cling to is all about shock value and click-bait today, not policy and real substance.  That is why we are stuck with the sexist bully reality TV star we have in the White House today.  That, and Russian espionage.  The lies about Hillary Clinton are tragic.  She is a decent, hard-working public servant and would have made a great President.
 The book is intelligently written -- easy to read and just a good piece of history and literature to have on my shelves!
 Don't let someone tell you what this book is about... read it for yourself.  Buy the audio version too, to hear Sec.Clinton tell her story.  Very good.
 Articulate, smart, human, heart felt point of view of What Happened.
 So thankful Hillary wrote this book...I needed it because I am still shaking my head at what happened and just now realizing the magnitude of the negative long term impact Trump will have on our nation.  I didn't want to stop reading the book but so often tears would get in the way, and I had to step away and let her words sink in.  The book was inspiring yet a realistic view of the challenges of running against a man that lacked any moral character and could still be embraced by voters.  Thank you Hillary for inspiring me to get involved in politics; I never saw the need before the election of Trump and now recognize the urgency!
 Heartfelt! Opened old wounds, but inspired to move forward and keep fighting!!
 Fantastic read. Inspiring. Insightful. And sad. I am so glad she took the time to share her story of great loss. We all suffer losses and disappointments in our lives. Most not as grand as hers, but the things discussed in this book are actually great things you can apply to your much smaller failures. Don't listen to the haters. The book is not disparagingly negative. It's so forward gazing and hopeful.
 I am really liking this book. I have almost cried a couple of times. So sad for what could have been!
 This is the inside story of Hillary's experience during the two years of her campaign.<br/>It is raw, and filled with emotion. It gives real insight into her values and thought process.<br/>This was written not only for her, but for all of us who believe in the values of most Americans and worked to make the most qualified person to ever run for the presidency elected. This gives me the strength to persevere and stand up to the misogynistic bullies, white supremacist, and foregion elements that has infiltrated our countries inner sanctum.
 Candid and casual. And more of a page-turner than I expected out of a non-fiction.
 thanks Hillary for writing the book excellent easy read  I don't normally read that much but had to know from your perspective what happened.  To me it was very troubling and lost faith in a lot of Americans especially the women in this country  I have heard my whole life about the in equality between women and men.  Here was the chance in history for women to stand up and try and fix that where were they.  thanks for the explanation
 Amazing!  Love hearing this in HRC's voice.  Informative.  Fact filled and inspiring.
 Thoroughly enjoying this book. Hillary's perspective is unique and her narrative is engaging. Very happy I bought this.
 I found this book to be riveting. It is a memoir, a mirror to history, a candid analysis of the times in which we live and how we got here. It's a tribute to many people who have shared this history. It's a mea culpa and a calling-out.  It's the "rest of the story" behind pivotal events in my lifetime. It confirmed to me that Hillary Clinton is brilliant, compassionate, and formidable. And, it is a vision for the future. I relished hearing what Ms. Clinton has to say.
 Wonderful book. I enjoyed reading it. I would have been proud to call you my President! You will always have my full support.
 A nice combination of her personal perspectives from the election and perspectives on her life as a woman, mother, daughter, politician and lifelong activist.  I have not found any if the initial criticism of this book to be true at all.  I suspect much of it was politically charged and biased criticism.<br/><br/>Hilary's personality, style and intelligence come through nicely.  It seems an authentic memoir from a woman who will undoubtedly go down in history as someone young women are inspired by.
 Enjoyed reading Hillary's perspective.
 I read a friend's hardcover and bought it for my Kindle as well. This is her best-written book, a frank and honest look at the factors that led to her election loss. I've always enjoyed her writing style. It's a really good read.
 A very raw and honest opinion of her 2 years of fighting everything from sexism to useless emails being talked about more than Russian interference. She made me cry, laugh, and hold my mouth open in shock with this book. Hillary put her heart and soul into her campaign and in my opinion she still came out a winner even in loss.
 I have spent the entire weekend cozied up reading this book. It's honest, insightful and full of compelling stories and insider info.
 I've listened to all of Hillary's other books with my daughters. She's a good storyteller and her sense of humor shines through more in this book than any of the others. I was a reluctant fan at first--what about Wal-Mart?! What about the war?! What about her hawkish ways?! But I realized that she's a person who has made mistakes but she's totally up front about them (for those saying she blames everyone else, I can only conclude they skimmed the book or have poor reading comprehension or (most likely) have a narrative about her that they won't change no matter what). I don't think she's a hawk, but she has seen a woman who tried to sew her own arm back on after being attached with a machete during the genocide in Rwanda while the world did nothing. She seems pretty determined not to repeat that mistake but also knows diplomacy is the best tool. I'm grateful she's continuing to stand up for what's right.
 I knew this would be a difficult read, but figured if Hillary could write it, then it was important for me to read it. This will be an emotional read no matter what side of politics you stand on. While it did make for some knot in the throat moments, I am glad I read it and do feel better having finished it. I feel many of the negative reviewers haven't even read the book, it's obvious when their short reviews say the opposite of what is written in the book, right there in black and white. Let's say someone wrote a review of 'The Giving Tree' and gave it 1 star, stating that it's an awful book about a boy who plants too many trees, wouldn't Amazon have a right to take it down as it makes no sense and is clear they did not actually read the book? Hillary could give 1 million dollars to everyone in this land and the anti-Hillary elite would still find a way to make it seem negative. This book is for the majority of America that voted for her, that has been left feeling at a loss for the extreme hatred half of the country has. This book is a must read for anyone still reeling from the election, and possibly even more importantly it's for anyone that can't stand her. How can you devote so much hatred from a subject you don't even know much about, beyond one sided headlines? Thank you Hillary for giving us something to heal the pain and for giving us a positive outlook for the future. Much like Eleanor Roosevelt, history will be on your side in the end.
 I worked for HRCs campaign in 2008, voted for her in 2016 and bought, and have actually just finished reading, this book. It is thoughtful, inciteful, engaging and informative. It is fascinating to revisit key events during the long, frequently shocking campaign, and discover what was going through her head. She, and others, made critical errors in judgement, but in the end it is clear that Comeys exceptionally poor, partisan behavior and media manipulation from propaganda machines delivered the fatal blows. It is simply stunning that, no matter ones feeling on the outcome, Americans have passively accepted election interference of this magnitude and made no coordinated effort to protect the integrity of the process in the future. I appreciate the book for its behind the scenes look, the succinct summary of complex issues, and the personal revelations. I don't think you have to be a fan of HRC to gain an appreciation for the details inside a shocking turn of US History; I suspect any fan of politics will find the book fascinating and informative.
 Smart, relevant and truthful, this book was hard to put down.  I've longed to hear her voice since the election.  I miss the sanity.  Here it is. It's a great read and I highly recommend it.  You won't be able to put it down once you start reading.
 I enjoyed reading this book and after listening to the winner speaking and writing like a 3rd grade dropout it was really nice to see such a well written book.  I had thought she didn't take responsibility for the loss and anyone who says that must not be reading this one.  Her guilt and remorse are striking.  Her honesty is refreshing and she is much more open.  It's truly an inside look at what women in politics live.  America lost a brilliant leader.
 Excellent book!
 Finally a first-hand​ account of what happened. Well written and filled with moments we all witnessed but didn't understand. I have already added this book to my Christmas gift-giving list.
 I admire HRC more than before! Quick read, I couldn't put it down.
 An interesting insight to a turbulent time.
 Such an inspirational book. It really struck a lot of emotions from the past when it was actually happening. You can find light even in the darkest of times and this is a testimony of that.
 A well-written, disarmingly charming account of the author's experiences as the first woman presidential candidate for a large political party.
 I am reading this book on my Kindle. I love the book. It was downloaded immediately.  I am happy with it so far.
 I bought the e-book version on the day the book was published. Having read halfway through it, I have to say that it moved me, made me smile, sad, and sometimes downright angry. I am so glad Hillary gave us a look behind the scenes of what happened. For me this book is so much more than Hillary's campaign memoir; it is a prime example what successful women have to go through in this country. After decades of dedicated public service, entrenched by evil character assassination, and false accusations, it was high time that she spoke up. No matter what her (political) future looks like, I will always admire her poise, her strength, and her determination. #StillWithHer
 I love Hillary - she is one of my great heroes, so if you're a troll...move on. This book is true Clinton: tough, hilarious and STRONGER at the broken places.  Reading it is rough going in that it's hard to relive the events of 2016, but Clinton's voice is clear and humorous and she does the best she can to dissect how we got here. I am reenergized to continue working to flip the House.
 Having read half a dozen earlier books by and about HRC, it is heartening to read more about her life and experiences in her own, pretty candid words.  HRC is highly capable, intelligent, well-educated woman with wide experience domestically and internationally, who would have been a superb president.  It is desirable to read her own words describing the 2016 campaign and her battle with her vicious, mendacious opponent.  My heart broke on 8 Nov 2016.  I remain horrified and heart sick at the outcome of the election and subsequent events.  Those who voted for DJT have damaged this Nation and have much to answer for because of the great damage they have inflicted on all of U.S.<br/><br/>Obviously, the best, and best qualified, candidate lost.  Recommend this book to all.  Anyone reading it will learn a lot.
 Great book she's a very intelligent woman! Love the book and love HRC!
 Funny and engaging. This book has helped me come to terms with the terrible trauma which was the outcome of the election. It truly feels like right is wrong and wrong is right since then. Thank you for setting the record straight. Strongly recommended.
 A really interesting look at the 2016 presidential election, highly recommend this book.  Now, will the powers that be please take whatever steps needed to prevent further meddling in our elections by a hostile foreign government.
 I couldn't put this book down. Hillary Clinton, you are amazing ❤️❤️❤️. This book fired me up, reminded me of my mommas strength and encouragement. You keep going even when things don't turn out how you hoped or expected. Today more than ever you don't let trumps hatred and bigotry go unchallenged.  Several passages definitely got me choked up. It's fresh, raw, and courageous.
 A view of the 2016 campaign through the eyes of HRC. It's an interesting look at both the campaign's in ER workings and how Hillary has processed the shocking loss. This is a must-read for anyone interested in current politics.
 Very engaging and honest insight.
 Incredibly honest and heartfelt. She makes it very clear that his book is from her perspective and no one else's. She's reflective the entire way, and she doesn't focus on blaming others.
 I want to preface this review by making it clear that as an American born woman I actually voted for Hillary Clinton last year and had hope in her winning not because she was a woman, it was more because to me Clinton conveyed to me the candidate who cares about people from various socio-economic classes. I understand that many highly successful andor highly regarded people are known to get along well with people from across the more prosperous and the more challenged socio-economic classes. I had to say this because more than once I had someone assume that I was only voting for Hillary Clinton just because of both of us being women. I for one am glad that Hillary Clinton wrote a memoir telling her side of the story because I believe that she is going to be at least indirectly behind the scenes or greater when it comes to politics by the 2020s at the latest or andor sooner. With that out of the way, the following are various informative points of What Happened by Hillary Clinton; she admits some of the tv shows that her and Bill Clinton have caught up in some of their free time such as Downtown Abbey and NCIS Los Angeles, a seven part political documentary that she watched by Ken Burns pertaining to the three Roosevelts that aired in 2014 that gave her an idea for the type of political leadership she wanted to bring to her Presidency as a certain President referenced championed for economic measures that helped even people from the middle and lower income classes, the irony of President Donald Trump targeting her during the Presidential race for being connected to Wall Street (even though even I can understand why a politician has to be comfortable mingling with all socio-economic classes regardless of whether they are considered upper or lower), how a typical day went for Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail (some of the newspapers that her and Bill Clinton turned to were the New York Times, the New York Daily News, the New York Post, the Journal News), and more.
 Interesting and honest look at the last election from H. Clinton's point of view.
 A fascinating view directly from Hillary of the 2 years leading up to the election. Very honest, it must have been hard to write, and gives anybody interested in politics a view of 2017 that nobody else can offer.
 Interesting that with a 92% of 5 stars the reviews on the front page are all whining - Amazon still has some work to do on their software. I read the book over the weekend and think that it's well written, thoughtful, funny!, in depth, a tad wonky (of course, because so is she!) and a great insight into the campaign and Hillary herself. I cried a lot in empathy and understanding, and also because of what was stolen from the country. Thanks, Hillary! Onward!
 If you had questions about the election, this book is for you. If you are a democrat or a republican, this is for you. If you're just curious what someone has to say after the majority of America votes for them, but they still lose, this book is for you.  The book is clearly labeled, so if you want to skip reading about emails, or Russia, or any other detail you can. Either way, it gives excellent insight into what Hillary Clinton thinks happened.
 People who say this book is all about blaming and not taking responsibility either haven't read it, or they are lying, or are so biased they can't read straight. Having been in situations where I've said "I own my end, the things I am responsible for, 100%, but we need to look at the whole situation together in order to fix things" only to have others say "why aren't you taking responsibility?" as if I never said the first part, the public take-down makes me sad. It's clear to me that in such situations the critics won't accept any response but an abject "it's all my fault, you are so right and I'm a loser." I understand the feeling; problem is, it doesn't solve anything. Yes, there is anger in this book How could there not be? But it is also vulnerable, tragic, and generous. It is a gift from the kind of person I wish were the president. Sadly I suspect many of the reviews I've seen are by people who haven't read it, or if they have I can't understand how they write what they do. It's one thing to disagree. It's another to overlook the deep experience and candor this book offers; a breadth, depth and length of public service we could all hope for from our leaders, whether we agree with them or not, and for our country and our children. It will take so long to repair the damage Hurricane Donald has wrought that we may never see its like again.
 it's a shame this woman is not president...
 Insight from the person running for office. The introduction says this, it says this is from her point of view, not a deep analysis of the election as a whole. I see a lot of negative reviews about it being her point of view, she specifically says that is the case on the first page, read it for what it is.
 Just finished it. Eloquent, thoughtful, and engrossing. A memorable first person account of the election. I have even more respect for Hillary Clinton. She gives me hope.
 This is such an honest and open memoir about the election. I feared that she would not mention certain things and walk on eggshells. However, she is no longer modulating her voice and that actually makes for a better read.
 I've cried, laughed and, once again, wished for a different outcome of the election.
 I am loving this book.  HRC is balanced in assigning blame for her loss; she is thoughtful and often funny in describing the campaign.  This is the best political memoir I've ever read.
 I was skeptical and wondering if it was going to be about someone just venting their frustrations. However, I found this charming and very captivating. She does a great job explaining what happened on her side of the table. It's well written  while utilizing sound logic and proper grammar. This is something you will not find from blind Trump lovers. I recommend reading it no matter your political affiliation.
 Received it yesterday and already half way through. If you are a fan of the man baby in charge...no you won't like it. If you wanted to know how she was feeling,  REALLY FEELING. You will like this book.
 i'm down to the last 2 chapters of my HRC book. it made me laugh, it made me cry, it made it me smile and it made me hopeful. this is HER side of the story; HER perspective. and contrary to what some vitriol reviews of the HRC haters would have you believe, she says repeatedly that she does take responsibility for the events that unfolded that ultimately lead to her defeat. #whatHappened is not pure politics---you will find many insights and some heartfelt stories about her personal life as well as many insightful observations. she truly spoke from the heart. Now i'm even more impressed with her as a human and a leader. she will forever be the first #mostQualified #MadamPresident we never had.
 Secretary Clinton does an excellent job of describing what the 2016 presidential campaign was like for her and what she felt then and now.  She also lays out what all contributed to Trump becoming the 45th US president.  It is a very interesting read and makes me respect this amazing woman even more, if possible, than I did before.
 A revealing book about her reaction to the election. Outlines causes. Does not blame. Accepts responsibility for her mistakes.
 A wonderful read.
 I'm giving it five stars out of gratitude. It's a postmortem on the 2016 election, which she didn't have to write. But she did, and as a result, people will be educated.<br/><br/>Don't buy this book thinking (as I did) that she was finally going to get informal and chatty. This was a professorial analysis of her failed election, including data -- not just opinion -- on cockeyed media reporting, a foreign power breaking into a major party's information system and weaponizing the stolen goods,  a trusted FBI director inadvertently changing the course of the election at the last minute, voter behavior, etc.<br/><br/>The charge, of course, is that she is a whiner, unable to accept that she ran an "incompetent" campaign. But as comforting as it might be for us to tell ourselves that, and as much as she might be a tattered and tainted messenger, we ignore her analysis at our peril. Because next time, it'll be somebody else. We can learn or reject the data. Our choice. And that's basically what she says about writing the book.<br/><br/>To conclude, this was a slow-moving, data-driven book. It wasn't what I was looking for, but I sure hope the people who run things read it. Because the US electoral system is like a leaky roof, and somebody needs to fix it, PDQ.
 A very candid read, indeed and filled with super quotes throughout.  I sure wish our American politics wasn't so influenced by the Russian president so Hillary Rodham Clinton would have been our first lady president.  Great read and very informative.
 Great book - if you take the time to read it. She apologizes over and over for losing the election. There is history and there is personal information. This is a woman who has dedicated her life to service of the American people.
 Brutally honest, funny, heartbreaking, and powerful, this book is everything.  Set aside what you've heard and give it a chance. Hillary Clinton really opened up and gave her experience and it's amazing.
 I began reading this book expecting a catalogue of blame, as many reviewers have described it.  However, while Hillary Clinton does go into detail describing behind the scenes of the campaign and the circumstances leading to her loss (squarely placing the ultimate responsibility on her own shoulders), I was surprised to realize that this wasn't the main point of the book.  I wasn't expecting to laugh out loud and cry deeply, and I really wasn't expecting to find that woven throughout this memoir is in fact a love letter.<br/><br/>Hillary writes from the heart about her love and gratitude for Bill, Chelsea, Marc, Charlotte, and Aidan; her parents; her team of aides, advisors, and thousands of staffers across the country (many of whom she mentions by name); Barack and Michelle Obama, Tim Kaine, Elizabeth Warren, Joe Biden, and even Bernie Sanders; women throughout history who inspire her, such as Eleanor Roosevelt, Susan B. Anthony, Amelia Bloomer, Maya Angelou, and many more; the importance of her education at an all-women's college; her female friends who have supported her through the most difficult times in her life; and most of all, the millions of ordinary American people whom she vowed to fight for.<br/><br/>She describes being on the campaign trail and meeting people in recovery from opiate addiction, the Mothers of the Movement who have lost children to police violence, children suffering lead poisoning in Flint, people with disabilities who fought for health care reform, former children in the foster care system who are now advocates for change, 9/11 survivors whom she helped protect, and coal miners with whom she prayed.  Throughout the book are touching asides about ensuring that her aides and Secret Service agents wore sunscreen when they were outside on the campaign trail, the times she made sure that medicine and soup were sent to the hotel room of a journalist traveling with the team who was ill, the TV shows she watched to relax when stakes were high, and how the misery of Broadway characters helped put her own post-election pain in perspective.<br/><br/>What Happened shows the "person behind the politician" that so many people felt they didn't see during the campaign.  How I wish that this self-described detail-obsessed policy lover who believes that everyone deserves a chance and a champion would have had the chance to share in her victory speech on November 8th: "I am as sure of this as anything I have ever known: America is the greatest country in the world.  And, from tonight, going forward, together we will make America even greater than it has ever been--for each and every one of us."<br/><br/>Now it's time to resist, insist, persist, and enlist.  Onward together!
 A great, insightful read. Funny, heartbreaking, and real.
 Written with the refreshing honesty &amp; absolute competence of the first woman candidate for US President, it is painful to hear her story.  Yet, we must.  So many tell what happened in November, 2016, some with good incite, but most with the sexist-tinge air of authority meant to mansplain to the world what really happened. Only Hillary Clinton can tell what happened as the insider who experienced it first hand.  She is the expert on her life.  So many of us share her pain, laugh at her humor, &amp; resist the current administration.  We do so with passion for the policies we know will help our country.  I feel honored to have read this book &amp; will never forget the woman who won the hearts &amp; minds of the voters in November, 2016.
 This book gives you all the feels! She is poignant and without pause in her assessment of the 2016 election (though one sided). It feels great to read/hear her voice right now.
 Excellent recounting and analysis. Her "voice" comes though better in the text than the audio narration.  This will be a useful contribution for future historians studying this creepy time in our history.
 Wonderful book written by the woman who should have been president. Her perspective of the craziest election ever, her role and missteps and the people who shivved her. Less policy talk that her usual books, which I found dry and hard to read. Great to see the trolls are out in full force for the reviews, it's like an endless 2016.
 I am almost done with the book and enjoying reading her perspective and seeing that the things that angered me the most about the election hit her the same way.  You see a little more of the very relatable personality beneath her polished veneer.  I wish more of us, including myself, found policy issues and details and ways to change them to help people as interesting as she does. That's why she should be President!  If only studies,  resume and job experience counted for something in electing our president, who is automatically in charge of managing a huge bureaucracy and making decisions which benefit from some historical perspective.  We have become a dumbed down country for sure.  She would have been one of the great ones.
 Fun, fun read! But more than that, I feel it wasn't written for me (66-yr-old fan) or my daughters (fans, in their early 30's) or the haters (sorry haters!)<br/>It was written for Hillary's grandkids. And my own grandkids. They will get it and appreciate it, and benefit from it. In this sense Hillary will be viewed by history as the winner. (To the haters: The election is over. We totally get that. We're not talking about the election here, actually.)
 Really well-written, funny, interesting, and informative. I read it over just 3 days because I couldn't put it down. The only thing is I wasn't expecting it to make me cry and I ended up crying a lot during the first few chapter. I didn't realize I was still that upset over election night until the book had me re-living it. So if you cried election night, have some tissues nearby.
 it's a very good perspective from someone that's been doing this for many years.
 A really comprehensive inside view and an absolute pleasure to read. Also highly recommend listening to her narration via the audio-book. Glad I bought it because every library copy has seven people wait-listed per copy!
 This book is eloquently written, and her thoughts are clear. It's fascinating to get inside her head as she went through the 2016 election.
 Interesting, insightful, charming and humorous. Unlikely that Clinton haters will read the whole book. For those with more open minds - this is fodder for examination of the electoral process and the cost of misogyny, whether open or denied, on our society and democratic processes.
 She's the best person on earth.
 I read this and I feel like I am right there talking to her. It is a page turner and some chapters remind me over and over again of how disgusting this campaign was to her as a candidate but for the most..as a woman. in fact how disgusting woman are still treated and it reminded me of some of the BS I had to endure in many things in my life. I related right away she hit the nail with this. The only class that trump has brought to the WH was a dunce act and noting more..anyone who just let those disgusting "things go" he said and did from degrading woman , race and war hero's just shows they used emails and everything else as an excuse to belittle a qualified candidate as Mrs Rodham Clinton.  So hate the woman. Its true, no one can, not even jealous trump , during the primaries could attack her on policies or serious issues so they go to straight to her looks, dress code and always ...her personal life. And that is what makes me as a human being , a woman..absolutely not getting over nothing. She was and still is the best candidate we have had and the most class. Madam President the peoples president. Because of her, woman like her as she explained on the woman's suffrage .many more woman will run and lead. this is a decent read. I am not disappointed at all
 Well thoughtout account of what occurred during the election.  It's a story and a reflection of the campaign and what went wrong.  Much less finger pointing than other reviews have stated. Highly recommend this book.
 We live in a world where we tend to talk before we finish listening. Most bad reviews here reflect just that....their terrible personal hatred for the author.  The author very succinctly describes her view of what went wrong with the most horrifying election in US history. We cannot correct ourselves as a country without knowing what went wrong. One reviewer is upset that their review was deleted... just imagine how angry you feel knowing that your view or opinion was suppressed even though you probably didn't care enough to read the book in its entirety or who knows even purchase it.... all this while crying for attention condemning the author for expressing her opinion of what went wrong.
 This book is a great example of what makes Hillary Clinton such a great leader. It's a shame that we could not have had a chance to see what it would be like to have a woman lead considering, as she makes clear throughout, that she thinks about the welfare of others, takes care to make sure they are okay, as she did when she lost the election. It's full of funny stories about her life, includes her curiosity about people, history, literature and life. Lots of great stuff about Bill and Chelsea. Basically it gives people a chance to see the real Hillary, not the version we've been sold. It also has value as a way for people to reflect on what a monumental loss like that can be like, and how one can recover from it. Hillary's voice is clear is funny, compassionate, smart, and on occasion tough. I probably will read through this at least twice.
 This book needed to be written because 2016 was a national election like no other. Certainly part of the motivation for writing this book would have been cathartic for HRC, but the election needs to be understood so that a debacle like this is never repeated.
 If she'd been this forthcoming during the campaign, she'd be way too busy to write this now.
 This book is well written and insightful.  It pulls back the curtain on many aspects of the campaign as well as Clinton's personal reckoning with her devastating loss.  Contrary to what many of the one- and two-star reviews say, she does take personal responsibility for many of the mistakes that contributed to her loss.  But she also acknowledges--and rightly so--that there were other forces at work that had a profound impact on the outcome.  Admittedly, there are moments in the book when Clinton seems to be trying to publish a witty retort to a situation that she wasn't able to respond to before or after the election.  Some of those passages feel a little beneath her, but I can understand her desire to acknowledge them and try to share her perspective.  Her perspective was rarely accurately portrayed by the media, and this book, while still formal in the way most memoirs written by public figures are, reveals a lot.  I felt even greater admiration for Clinton after reading the book and even more penetrating grief that such a patently unqualified buffoon is running our country.
 This book is thought provoking and an intimate look into the thoughts of a woman often depicted as cold and aloof. It's at times funny, vulnerable, and inspiring. My background is in politics and I found this to one of the best books I have read from a politician. I honestly think many of the negative reviews are either fake or by those who would dislike the book no matter what due to it being written by Hillary Clinton.
 Do not believe the crap out there from the haters. This is an honest account of what happened from the point of view of the only woman who has ever been a credible candidate for POTUS. She has a right to speak her mind. She acknowledges mistakes through the book, but doesn't take it all onto herself, which is accurate. Those who think Bernie Sanders can do no wrong, and those who just don't like Hillary's personality but can't quite put their finger on why (hint sexism) will hate this book.
 An insightful and thought-provoking look at not just the campaign, but also at being a woman in politics. Brought back all the devastation so many of us felt the day after the election, and the sick and scared feelings that that person in the White House provokes. But so worth reading. I hope it inspires other women to take up the mantle, and one day we will see a woman as president.
 Clear concise exploration of our political spectrum, from Mrs. Clinton's view...exactly what I paid for and wanted to read. If you're looking for her candid answers and reasoning, this is a good start. She's done now, and for that reason we get a rare glimpse into politics that would otherwise be hidden for fear of future reprisals. Great read!
 I bought the Kindle with audible narration. I absolutely love it, although listening too it makes me very emotional remembering dreadful moments, like the innaugeration and 11/9. The book is narrated in Hillarys voice. Some of her lines are funny, its like she is talking to you as a friend. She is open and candid.  She reveals what was going on behind the scenes, even why she chose her outfits. I havent finished it yet, I stopped to write this review because of all the negative comments about it. It is already a best seller, not just because she wrote it, because its a great read. I love that she stopped to teach a simple breathing technique for stress and that she has some of my favorite quotes on each chapter. BTW These ridiculous trump supporters who are talking about it endlessly are only giving it more publicity...and you know any publicity is good publicity...so keep talking. Its unfortunate these folk won't take the time to ...really... read it, with an open mind, and understand it.  "Living is easy with eyes closed, misunderstanding what you see." I choose to have my eyes wide open.
 HRC  takes the reader through her journey that was the campaign, the election and the aftermath.  You do not have to be a fan to appreciate the book.  My thought as I finished the book is the wish that college students and young people would read this.  She covers so many subjects that could be helpful.  Yes, she tells her story and it has a purpose.  Each chapter could be a stand-alone story.  I particularly think young women could benefit from the chapter on sexism and misogyny.  Contrary to what some would have you believe, she does take responsibility.  I get the feeling that some decisions, words, and actions still haunt her.  If you're a hater, I can't imagine why you would buy the book or read it.  If you're interested in history or political processes and are curious about what a candidate goes through, I believe you would find this story interesting.  I looked at the one star reviews and found very few were verified purchasers and none of them gave enough information as to why they gave that rating so you could tell whether they had read the book or not.
 Excellent read!
 Though some will crave more self-flagellation, this book instead offers an insightful and fairly accurate critique of the forces that led to her loss in last year's election. The candidate herself was one of those forces, as she readily and repeatedly admits, but she was not the only one. In fact, she's probably not even in the top five.
 The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
 Excellent easy read. Insightful, funny and poignant. Highly recommend. I have actually read the book. I bought it on Kindle but I will now get a hardcover copy.
 Heartfelt, genuine, personal. I've read many books written by politicians. This book, by far, is my favorite. Definitely worth reading.
 "What happened" is for the record, a very erudite reflection and narrative of the American psyche on how they have transformed elections from a serious responsibility to sheer competition. It is a must read for everyone -- especially to the youth who need to learn that change is not an easy street.
 If you want to know the truth read this book
 A funny, dark, and honest book by one of the truest public servants of her generation. Her writing on her marriage was deeply heartfelt and true. The sad little haters will never keep this woman down, and history will remember her as a trailblazer and a figure of remarkable courage.
 Genuine, honest and insightful.
 Honest and insightful.  I don't understand why women bash Hillary.  You may not like her politics but this is a 69 year old female that has risen through the ranks and taken hit after hit and keeps standing.  I'm so proud of her life achievements and resilience.  I'm more than halfway through the book and I love it.  It's an insider view of what obstacles there are to face as a female in politics.  She is intelligent, she has worked with world leaders who have high admiration for her calmness and ability to negotiate fair results.  As secretary of state she garnered high approval numbers for her work. This chick has guts and fortitude.  Is she perfect?  Of course not.  And she is quite honest about her shortcomings.  Onward, Hillary!
 love her.  miss her. it is wonderful to be with her here again.  and she's smart, I believe she does get it right, "what happened."
 This is an emotionally raw but reflective book. If you already despise Hillary Rodham Clinton, this book probably won't change your mind, but if you are neutral to positive about her, this book will likely cause you to like her even more. She says she was gobsmacked about the election outcome. So were many of us. This book is her honest attempt to grapple with what happened and contrary to what many misogynistic and hostile reactions to the book have said, she does accept responsibility even though it is completely unfair to place much blame on this one woman when so many systemic factors were against her. For any student of history and anyone wondering about the U.S. political landscape going forward, this book is well-worth the time to read.
 A must read!
 I was captivated and enthralled by the book. It moved me. It kept me listening to the end. HRC really spins a tale. It was intriguing, poignant and instructive. Well done.
 Wonderful! A sometimes funny, always honest account of her campaign for the presidency. She is a brilliant, caring, thoughtful woman. I hope someday this nation will be able to elect another woman like her.
 Unlike so many (and predictable) negative comments, I actually bought this and am almost finished reading. I have always had tremendous respect and admiration for "that woman". Still don't understand the hate - it's weird. Reading this has been like sitting with an old friend over a glass or two of chardonnay. So glad she wrote it. She's not going away haters - get over it.
 BRAVO, Ms. Clinton! You are strong and brave and we are proud of you regardless of the outcome of the election. Keep fighting the good fight and we will be right along with you.
 A deep, intellectual telling of the events of 2016 and the events leading up prior to it. A fascinating window of story told through the words of one of America's most accomplished and achieved politicians.
 Reading this book is like hearing from a good friend who's been through a lot.
 I devoured this book. I had been waiting for it for months. Pay no attention to the reviews from people who obviously have a personal problem with Hillary. We live in a world where strong women are often subjected to ridicule.
 This book is riveting, brilliant and the TRUTH!
 Great read!!!!
 Fascinating and well written. A great read for political junkies, regardless of your personal politics!
 Excellent read from the woman who truly won the Presidency.
 Excellent book! The climactic finish to this entire saga will definitely warrant a sequel to this book.
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/What-Happened/dp/B01MYE7QP0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">What Happened</a> A great book
 What a better country we would have if Hillary Rodham Clinton were our president.  After reading "What Happened", I have even more respect for her.  I fail to understand the criticism that she is "blaming others" for her loss.  It seemed to me that she fulling accepted responsibility for any errors that were made during her campaign.  I believe the future will show that her unexpected loss was due to some very dirty dealings by Mr Trump and his cohorts.  During my 84 years of life, I have seen a lot of underhanded political maneuvering but Trump is the biggest con artist of the lot.  I also believe that as a woman she faced an additional handicap to election. Not in my lifetime, but, I hope, in hers we will see a Madam President in the White House who can undo the harm the Trump regime is doing to our county.  I thank you deeply, Hillary, for your strength and your service and for a compelling and eminently readable and enjoyable book.  Joan Pegg Jorgensen
 The best read I've found in awhile. Heartbreaking and overwhelmingly hunting. What a women such strength and grace in all she's done.
 It's really disheartening to see so many trolls come on a site like Amazon, having never read the book, and insult Hillary Clinton. The best plan in reading reviews is to make certain that the reviewer has actually purchased the book. Amazon shows which reviewers are verified.<br/>Hillary Clinton spends chapter after chapter accepting blame for 'What Happened'. She says the things she probably should have said during the campaign. And, she shows that in the face of darkness, we shouldn't give up hope. Even if you are not a subscriber of her beliefs, or of the man who occupied the office prior to the current "house guest," take the time to read this fascinating memoir about the decisions made leading up to the election of 2016. It is both moving and heartfelt.
 Candid, intelligent and insightful. This is an important study of an election process in the age of social media, political entertainment, digital warfare and how we can work to ensure democracy and humanity survive in our country.
 HRC is amazing and her critics can shut it - this book is awesome and tells the true tale of the stolen 2016 election.
 This book is not a pity party. Secretary Clinton does talk about the defeat at the hands of an unqualified buffoon (my words, not hers) and how she came to grasp and survive that defeat.<br/>She discusses the reasons why she decided to run, and why she shouldn't run,but with the encouragement of her family, friends, staff, and President Obama, she realizes that she has more to offer this nation by running.<br/>She quotes Maya Angelou, Harriet Tubman, TS Eliot, and others that gave her strength and guidance.<br/>If you want to believe the vitriol of the right wing and even some Democrats, you need to rethink what you've read and heard. She did not enter the race for the most powerful position in the world for power, but to actually use that power to do good for this nation and thus for the world.  She understands diplomacy.  She understands that blustering with tweets is not the way to govern by name calling and ridiculing.  There are things for which she takes responsibility, that she made mistakes, but blaming others is not her way out.  Pick yourself up and face forward.
 A melancholy but necessary read.  I emerged a little less sad about where our country is going, but then I logged on to Amazon to write a review, and saw all of the 1 star reviews by people who couldn't have possibly read the book and I realized we just have to live through this big burst of hate to get to the other side.  There are more good people than bad, and I try to hold onto that.<br/><br/>The book was great.  I loved the personal anecdotes, how she talks about Chelsea and her grandchildren brought tears to my eyes.  Her stories from election night and giving the concession speech were heartbreaking.  She's inspiring and I'm still proud to say I'm with her.
 I am loving this book. Reading it feels like sitting with Hillary and just listening to her talk. I have cried, laughed and learned as I read her thoughts. We all needed this. Thank you.
 Got the CD version... relaxing story, hoping to learn about the mistakes made that left us without a qualified president.  Done with disc 1 of 14... Will update with any opinion changes.
 Please dont listen to the negative reviews.  The people who wrote them clearly haven't read the book.<br/><br/>I did not find this book to be anything that Hillarys critics have said about it.  It's not whining.  Anyone who believes that Hillary is the reason she lost isn't interested in this book.  She marshalls extensive evidence to support her case in analyzing the factors that defeated her campaign, and she says repeatedly that she accepts responsibility for her defeat.  Just because she presents concrete evidence that the media didnt show her campaign for what it was because they were too busy talking about the "damn emails" doesn't mean she is saying she doesn't have responsibility.<br/><br/>If you're a Hillary fan (and I dont see why someone else would buy this book) you will appreciate the authentic Hillary that animates these pages.  Well written and an easy read regardless of the length.<br/><br/>I already knew about the factors beyond her control that defeated Hillary's campaign, as I watched them unfold in real time and yelled at my TV about them.  What I learned about here was all the concrete evidence that supported my own observation and how Hillary experienced it.<br/>Well worth reading.
 Hillary's candid voice is refreshing, and is what her supporters admired her for. She is honest, self-deprecating, and also self-promoting. Balanced, just like her campaign, and what her presidency would have been.
 An honest and insightful account of the 2016 election clown show from her perspective.
 Actually ordered the book, read the book, loved it. What might have been.
 I have read 50% of the ebook and have the hardback waiting on my porch when I arrive home from Europe!  It is a fine piece of writing, covering all the bases.  As one would expect from a careful writer of texts.  She takes responsibilty for her own mistakes but also points out the obvious other forces that came together to cause her narrow defeat - Sanders and Comey in particular.  It is a readable style, peppered with literary quotes and references to scripture.  I recommend it to all rational readers!
 Great read
 A personal account of the events leading up to the 2016 Presidential election through the eyes of the candidate. If you are looking for a comprehensive analysis, or a tattle-piece, you will be disappointed. She says in the opening pages of this book, that this is intended to be a reflection on the campaign from her point of view only. If you are looking for a glimpse at the private side of a public, but (by her own description) guarded person, this is a great read. It is surprisingly upbeat and, yes humorous, in places where you would least expect it.<br/>The pre-release excerpts released by the publisher to the media do this book an injustice, and as a result many are criticizing it without having read it. If you are tempted to criticize Hillary Clinton for writing this book, do yourself a favor and read it first. I can't guarantee it, but you may be surprised at what you find.
 Must read for a recap of the bananas that was the 2016 election. Hillary has been dealing with scrutiny her whole public life and has done it with grace. She was attacked solely because she's a woman from dangerous forces in Russia, Bernie and Trump. It was great to read her personal account of what I knew she was thinking all along.
 So happy with this book.  I'm glad that Hillary is finally irrevocably being herself.
 Heartfelt, gut wrenching recap of recent history through the first-person eyes of the woman who should be POTUS. Excellent read for anyone interested in what happened.
 I have been eagerly awaiting and dreading the release of this book.  I wanted it to be real and honest and forthright, just like the woman I voted for. Contrary to what many say, HRC does take responsibility for the results of the election, but also takes the time to really give us a perspective on what she, as the candidate went through. The book is honest, funny, factual and a tough read for anyone who thought we would be in a very different place in this country right now.  But it's an important read.  I am grateful that HRC had the guts to strength to write this book.  After I read it, its on to the audiobook to hear it all in her words.
 I bought this book because when people want someone to disappear and shut up it's usually because they have something to say. I enjoyed this book. I think it was achingly personal and must have been difficult for her to write. Still, to quote Lin Manuel Miranda (loosely) we have no control over who lives, who dies, who tells your story. Well in this case, at least, she can tell her story. Why shouldn't she? Why should she be silenced? Who of us wouldn't want to tell the story is something like this happened to them?<br/><br/>Well it's a good book. And for the record, she takes plenty of responsibility for the events that unfolded. Good for her for naming the others who had a hand in the outcome.
 Just finished the book and it is a very articulate, at times deeply personal account of the events of last year. I counted at least 5 times that she took full responsibility for mistakes and shortcomings, so people that say otherwise did not actually read the book. There are really lovely little snippets describing her life with Bill, Chelsea, and her mother. And she lays out a very cogent argument about factors that most certainly played a role in her loss. As she states in the book- not excuses, but things that happened. Terrific read- highly recommend!
 I downloaded this book to my Kindle yesterday and began reading it. I am really enjoying it. Mrs. Clinton is very honest and forthright in telling her story. She accepts much of the blame for her loss. In my opinion, more blame than she deserves. I greatly admire her courage and honesty in writing this book. I highly recommend it to everyone who cares about what happened and wonder why.
 Please ignore the bashing that is going on here and in certain media quarters.  This is a cogent and thoughtful book by a person who stuck her neck out to try to make a difference in our national life.  She is candid about her mistakes, but it is also incredibly moving to read her first-hand account of what it was like to be the target of misogyny and bile.  What happened was not just that one candidate lost an election.  What happened was that our public life shifted in ways we all must reckon with.  Those who cannot stomach a bit of anger from her (but love raging insults from Trump) are proving the point she is trying to make: she has never been given a chance to advocate for  her ideas and proposals, only targeted as a symbol and subjected to crushing hate speech.  Everyone should read this book with an open mind and think about what it says about American public life.
 What a fantastic writer that gives a humorous and deeply personal look at her struggles in the past few years. I came away saddened by what we could have had as our President right now, but a bit hopeful for the future, as long as we understand what happened during the weirdest Presidential race ever.
 I have actually read this book, unlike a lot of the one star reviewers, and it is wonderful and honest.
 It is Hillary's best book out of all that she wrote. She tells it from the heart and tells what happened from the heart.
 The truth about 2016 needs to be told for the sake of history and you get it right here
 Great read, didn't put it down until I do finished it
 Amazing ! Got it delivered this morning, It's beautifully written and exciting.. Don't hesitate, Buy it , You won't regret it
 Started reading it and couldn't put it down. I started tearing up immediately. I appreciate her honesty, her candor and her intellect. I am so saddened she is not our president. America's loss. The insights into her life before, during and after the election including how she really felt after her loss, show what a wonderful woman, mother, wife she is. Sharing her mother's story got to me. Getting a glimpse of how she feels about Bill puts aside the crazy rumors. What a remarkable woman. She knows and we know she was truly robbed of the election.
 Hillary Clinton is and has been a victim from many, many sides of assault and negative propaganda. I am convinced this is especially true because she is a woman and threatening to so many men and to too many women. I am very glad and grateful that she wrote her story and I support her wholeheartedly.  I do not in the least blame her for her loss in November.  Her loss is devastating to our country.  Her so called "mistakes" were minimal and not the reasons for her loss. I do not know if we will ever recover from Trump and his administration and the Republican Congress. They are out to make the rich, richer, and not to make America great again!
 An honest look at what really happened by one of the most educated, qualified and intelligent women of our time.
 Truthful, thoughtful and inspirational.  Truly a historical document and it makes me so proud of herbs my candidate
 A great book for reference for historians.<br/>Extremely well written and a sad remainder that sometimes foreign governments and rating hungry media can change the course of history.
 It's a fabulous book. Hillary has done an amazing job sharing her story with heart, dignity, humility  and a bit of humor. Great read!
 Very well written. I found it thought provoking and heartbreaking. Hillary was candid and human in this interesting book. Hopefully people will read it and get more informed and involved during this turbulent time in America. Highly recommend
 In this book, Hillary Clinton has an opportunity to be more candid than she's ever been before. Other women will doubtless draw some lessons from it about the political landscape, and how women are treated therein.
 Well written and from the heart. An honest, poignant, sometimes humorous, and sometimes sad chronicle of the presidential campaign and end result. Reads true and accurate. Read it.
 The nay Sayers will give this book one star. They have their reasons. Hillary Clinton WON an historic election. She garnered the most votes by a long shot. She was cheated by a foreign nation. She was cheated by misogyny. She was cheated by James Comey, a good Republican. She will continue to have a strong voice and she will continue to make a difference. This book is a frank assessment. Foes will say this is a whining treatise. They just don't get it. Their lack of reality and truth is all of our problem. The truth will out. This is just the beginning.
 I love Hillary. I, like the 3 1/2 million more people who voted for her were devastated when the garbage who won by DEFAULT,  aka electoral college. She is an inspiration to me and it still sickens me every day that she isn't in her rightful place - the WH. I love this book. 👏👏👏💜💛💚
 This was both sad and wonderful.
 Sometimes funny, sometimes acerbic, but always candid - an invaluable inside look at what went so wrong with the last election.
 I'm glad Hillary wrote this book. I've only just started reading it. The results of the campaign still sting and it's hard to relive it, especially from her perspective, but at the same time, I love hearing her voice in it and I love her candor and wit. What an incredible woman. History will be kind to her. I am reminded of the suffragettes and how HATED they were, but now, we revere them for their courage and determination. That is how Hillary will be remembered.
 A rare look into the thought process undertaken by a candidate for President of the United States.  As a woman working a a traditionally male dominated environment, many of HC's reflections resonate.  Reading the book makes me wish that she had roared against the establishment and, in particular, Lauer, Trump and Sanders.  It may have made a difference to those who were on the fence.
 Only a few pages in and already know it's powerful. True real emotions from a strong, gutsy woman.  So worth reading! Update-Finished reading. So much better than expected. All you haters writing bad reviews are lying and you know it.
 First time I have ever seen Hillary really let her hair down and be this genuine and open. Wish she had braved doing that earlier because she comes across as much more likable. The critics who claim she is blaming others and not taking responsibility for her loss are either not giving her a fair shake or they haven't read the book. Provides a fascinating behind the scenes look at an important time and turning point in American history.
 This is a personal account and an interesting and heartfelt one.  Enjoyed reading it.
 Candid.  Excellent.  Healing.
 I'm a college student who hates to read, but I got the book this morning and am already finished with it. Couldn't put it down.
 Very well written. Her own personal perspective derived from her many years in the political arena, and from her access to many sources. A thoughtful book where she is accountable for her missteps, but also spells out the other reasons for her loss. Some of which must be discussed to prevent future derailment of a qualified candidate.
 I read not only the book but all the available reviews. What strikes me most is the intelligence of this book vs the lack intelligence of the reviews. It is sad but true that 60 percent of people have an intelligence level considered dull normal. This book is full of intelligent, insightful information that I suspect is beyond the basic comprehension skill of many. If only our culture could make decisions based on comprehensive research instead of sound bites. Shame on us for for being unwilling to look past the headlines.
 Of course it's her opinion of the election......why all of the hate??
 Amazing. Completely amazing. One of the best books I've read in years. Her accurate depiction of the 2016 race is remarkable. It was raw, honest, and inspirational.
 Thank you from the bottom of my heart for writing this.  I am laughing, crying, sobbing, and feeling empowered.
 The book highlights how diifucult political life is for all candidates, but for women candidates especially. It also demonstrates a life dedicated to public service, the opposite of many of her critics and those trolling her. We can all be inspired by her resilience.
 She's amazing and so is this book.
 Brilliant author, well-written thought provoking book.
 Touching, authentic and down to earth.
 Popular vote winner. Human and women's rights pioneer. Genius. Legend. Icon. I'm working my way through this book right now and loving every moment of it. I will always adore this woman. #StillWithHer #ThePeoplesChoice #TheFutureIsFemale
 about 1/2 way though . its funny, sad and a great read. I live through the campaign and love reading how Hillary was feeling.
 eloquent. I can't believe we missed out on President Clinton.
 Heartfelt, honest, intelligently written, in her own voice and readable. She  blames James Comey's statement, made DURING the early voting process, for costing her votes, especially since it was retracted with NO APOLOGIES to her campaign, or the voters, about her and her platform. The Russian hacking of our computerized election, and a sewed electoral college system, which discounts the fact that she WON  by  over three million votes, also adds sad insights to an election which she won, but lost to ineptness on the part of the FBI,  facebook's buying illegal ads from Russian operatives,and illegal Russian intervention by overtly changing computerized votes, on her loss, which was, in reality, a WIN. The lies trump told about her were outrageous and stupid, but they won over a misogynistic "base" plus other voters who thought she might go to jail. Meanwhile, Trump's REAL connections with Russian operatives cost her the election and the COUNTRY it's REAL President. She accepts the skewed results, but warns that hacking on this kind of scale IS an attck on our election system and MUST be prevented in the future...
 I've been waiting for this book for weeks. Hillary Clinton tells it like it is here. I so needed this book. Thank you for writing it, Madame Secretary. You're still my president.
 I enjoyed the read.
 Amazing, honest and truly an unplugged look into HRC's life and campaign.  She is real, raw and honest.  Refreshing from anyone in public life.  Can't wait to get through the whole thing!
 Honest, heart-breaking and funny. A must read.
 I bought 2 copies, the other one for my son.  Love it.
 Honest, compelling, direct.  And a reminder of what could have been.  Enjoyed very much!
 History will look back on the 2016 election as the time when America lost its way. Hillary Clinton is a brilliant, thoughtful and good human being. Her wealth of experience and broad point of view would have served our country well. I'm grateful to her for sharing this experience with us. She brings honest authenticity to her words and it's almost like you are chatting at her kitchen table, although it was sometimes heartbreakingly difficult to read.
 An honest book of her perspective of what happened.....I am glad I read it.  Wish I could go to one of her book signings....but I'm sure they will be mob scenes; a lot of people really supported her.
 This is an important read to all Americans. Insightful and revealing, a stark reminder of what we should have.
 Very good read.  I learned a lot about what happens behind the scenes of a campaign and what it feels like.
 Fascinating read. The hyped clips from the book betray a revealing PAGE TURNER.I could feel the pain,the joy.and the desire HRC has to make a difference.
 Great Book
 I am writing in his account. My husband bought this book for me, his wife.  Love it! Signed, Grateful wife who loves HRC
 I disagree with the reviewers who says Hillary doesn't take responsibility for her mistakes.  She analyzes all the reasons she thinks she lost the election--yes, she talks about Russian interference, malpractice by the FBI, and false equivalence by the mainstream press IN ADDITION TO missteps she thinks she make.  My own take is that she doesn't pay enough attention to the reasons why Bernie Sanders was able to command so strong a following with so few resources; but that is part and parcel of who she is.  She campaigned on what she thought were realistic goals--what she thought she could eventually get the Republicans to agree to.  She still doesn't understand HOW campaigning is different from governing--and that when the left sees politicians on the right promising their base the fulfillment of all their (darkest) fantasies even when most of them know the final product will inevitably disappoint those same voters while the supposed candidate on the left is going to start negotiating from the middle, it's inevitable that left-leaning voters will be reluctant to see her as their champion.  But this is a matter of Clinton mistakenly  seeing personal virtue (honesty) about her goals as a political virtue.  What she doesn't address at all--and I don't know and won't guess as to whether this was a deliberate omission to avoid dividing the base or whether she simply saw it as irrelevant--is how her history as a hawk was enough on its own to discourage a percentage of the left from supporting her.<br/><br/>Clinton makes a convincing case through analysis of polling data that the press, the Russians,and the FBI all played a role in her defeat although she also reviews aspects of American economic, political, and cultural history as well as her own relationship with the American people (and their representatives in the press) that also played a role.  As someone who followed the campaign closely, I can't say that I was surprised by anything I read, but I was pleased to see the author embrace a new candor about her personal (i.e., emotional) reactions to events.  It's not True Confessions--Hillary's never seen the point of peddling trashy gossip, even about herself, for the sake of increasing sales or an increase in favorability ratings.  I respect her for that.<br/><br/>I'm glad I bought and READ this book.
 Superb. Brilliant perspective by one of the great minds of our times. Got it last night due to audible and have listened to it continuously worth every minute.
 Amazing
 There's something comforting to know she's just like the rest of us, left reeling after the election.
 Great read.  Love it.
 This book is a funny, well-written, and at times heartbreaking look at what happened in November through the eyes of Hillary Clinton.
 Let me start by saying this a very honest and open book and it's plain to see the negative reviews here are Trump supporters.  She tells it all and she does take blame for the loss.  So those that are saying "she blames everyone but herself" didn't read the book. She is someone to admire and respect.  Hillary Clinton thank you.
 A genuinely interesting and candid look into her perspective on the campaign and her broader political life.
 Thank you Hillary!
 I haven't had the chance to finish the book yet, but I'm enjoying her insights so far. As Hillary says, it's not a full history or accounting of the 2016 race but it is her story of the election. As the first female presidential candidate form a major political party, her ideas and recollections are important. She's  critical of her self and explains the rationales behind her decisions.
 The audible book is narrated by her!  Amazing.
 Honest and inspiring read
 If you truly want to know what happened in our 2016 election campaigns, then you must read this book. Hillary Clinton has written so candidly about the behind-the-scenes activities of a unbelievably difficult time in her life. You can feel her genuine love...and deep concern for our great country and our democracy. She provides important details from the campaign that we all need to embrace. This is such a well-written book! Hillary Rodham Clinton is truly a remarkable person and an inspiration to all women/girls/men everywhere. Her honesty, insights and splendid humor shine through.
 Beautifully written, thought-provoking, and inspiring.
 I love how she is putting herself out there as a real person. She's not worried about being politically correct and is simply telling the truth of her feelings.
 Her best memoir. I, honestly, couldn't put it down. All the while I kept thinking "What could have been...."
 I love and appreciate everything about this book! Thank you for all you have done, and continue to do, Madam President!
 As expected Hillary Rodham Clinton delivers insight and nuance and humor and honest heartbreak in What Happened. It's been exceptionally healing to cry and laugh and remember that she'll always be in our corner. She is remarkably fair to a whole slew of characters that don't deserve it as she takes her readers through the circus and sexism that many women witnessed and experienced during the 2016 election. THANK YOU for telling your story Secretary Clinton! You have accomplished so much and are a genuine inspiration. If they weren't so afraid of you, they wouldn't work so hard to shut you up. Keep fighting and I will too!
 Breathtakingly authentic!  This is the voice of the resistance!
 Great insight in to Clinton's perspective on where the 2016 went wrong in her words. Her perspective is candid, realistic, and unvarnished.
 As I was reading this, it was like the conversation I would have had with Hillary.  I laughed.  I cried. I applauded. I cringed. It was emotional for me. I am so proud of Hillary for writing this.  I know it must have been the toughest thing she has done.  5 stars!  #StillWithHer
 Powerful. Well written. So true. So real. This speaks to truth in a time of lost values. This speaks for all the POC, children, immigrants, women and all humans for whom Hillary has fought her entire life.
 Wasn't sure what to expect but I am enjoying this book way more than I thought I would.  The book is really well written and while I'm sure she had help with it, her own voice clearly comes through.  Its an interesting mix of emotion and candor and some insight into the day to day workings of a political campaign.
 Refreshing and inspirational. Those vilifying and demeaning this woman who has given a life of service should be ashamed. We would have a better world if Hillary was President. Her humility and honesty was refreshing in these dark days of Trump.
 I am an unabashed fan. She is a wonderful role m.odel. The book is insightful, honest and funny. She has given us so much and still has much to give.
 A great book giving incredible insight into HRC's perspective of the election.
 I love it. I purchased the audio version just to hear her voice in my home.
 Well written, the reader is easily immersed in Clinton's words.  Her perspective is refreshingly honest.
 Excellent account of the hurdles women still face and the part sexism played in the 2016 election.
 I'm not done yet, but what I've read I have loved. I appreciate the candid nature of the book and the inside look to her campaign, the choices (good or bad) that they made along the way and how the loss has affected her has been very cathartic. I hope more people actually buy the book and read it!
 This book was a great read, well written and very honest. Hillary is an excellent writer. She was honest in her perceptions of events during the election and the state of our country.
 History will remember HRC well. This book is an important read for anyone who cares about our nation's history &amp; her future. I am so thankful to the author for writing it with such care, careful analysis, and wit. I will be ordering more copies as gifts for family and friends. Well worth the wait.
 From 1 of HRC's 65,844,610
 One of the most enjoyable reads I have ever experienced in all of my 67 years.
 What Happened is a raw look at what went down following the 2016 election. What I connected to most was Hillary's raw and real accounts of what happened, quotes and insight. Her writing style is unique, colorful and pretty hilarious. This is an absolute must-read. #YasHillYas
 The most qualified presidential candidate in the history of this great nation raises the talking points that must be addressed if we're ever to heal this grievously wounded nation.  HRC embodies the best of us.  We are all definitely stronger together.  THANK YOU MADAME SECRETARY!
 I really needed to know What Happened during the 2016 election. A great book by a wonderful person and incredible leader. Thank you, Hillary!
 This is a very readable, brave and candid book.  I appreciate her honesty and intelligence, and also found it inspiring when it comes to dealing with major disappointments in life and sorting things out in order to move on.
 Heartfelt and truthful.
 I honestly don't care if people are sick of HRC or annoyed that she wrote a book about her campaign because I am so here for this. This book had me laughing and crying and getting angry, and cheering. It was brave and honest, and that shouldn't be such a refreshing thing but in 2017, it is.<br/>The truth is that I didn't think I wanted a recap of the election so I wasn't planning on buying it. But... then I started hearing things and I couldn't help myself. It turns out, I needed this book as much as Hillary probably needed to write it. The book is well-researched and smart. It's also insightful and poignant, everything I didn't even know I wanted to hear from her. Everyone can hate her and judge her for her husband's behavior and stand on their front steps and continue to call her names, but they can't take away a lifetime of accomplishments. They keep knocking her down nevertheless, she persists!
 Brilliant, very well written.
 Unlike many who are leaving rude reviews here I actually purchased the book and have started reading it.  I find it to be a compelling, honest and thoughtful book.  Clinton's supreme knowledge of politics, language and history are on display, and I appreciate her candor and insight.  I can't wait to finish this book.  Given the extreme of the election and its very questionable results, it would behoove everyone to read and understand what happened, particularly for women of any age.
 I felt Hillary Clinton was speaking what she felt was a blow to the American democracy by Trump and the Russians. I found this excellent reading.
 It was a painful experience to live through for all of us and most personally of all for Hillary. I am so glad she wrote it and so glad that I read it. Hillary, much like our democracy, is resilient enough to take what our politics throws at her.<br/><br/>After all I had heard before the book came out, I was very glad to see that the sniping was just more "politics as usual." Hillary has had her say and she has a valid point of view, having lived at the center of the ugliest, most vitriolic presidential campaign of my lifetime. Contrary to comments (obviously made by those who had not read the book), Hillary did NOT blame everyone but herself; she took the blame but reported where other factors affected the outcome.<br/><br/>I was happiest to see that the last part was about the way forward. Thank you, Hillary, for speaking out for our future.
 As a personal account of the election, this book really shines. Trust the reviews from Verified Purchases; people who actually read this like it. Don't listen to the angry little children that lose their mind whenever Hillary comes up.
 Still with her!  A fair and informative take considering it's from her point of view.
 Viewing the election through Hillay's eyes was fantastic. She's warm and funny, resolute and reflective.  Knowing her detractors will be knocking her book based on their politics, if you are looking for Hillary like we've not seen her write before, get the book. You wont regret it. She's honest, open, and lays it out there.
 This is her best book yet. I hope there are more to come.
 I'm still reading her book. I was able to download it to my iPhone as I traveled home from Boston. I think the book shows her personal experience as it parallels what her followers experienced or perhaps continue to experience. I am struck by how she courageously allows herself to be vulnerable in service to connecting with others in a meaningful way. Hillary's book will help us understand, heal and move forward.
 Well written and fascinating insights into the 2016 election. Take the one-star reviews (especially from those who aren't verified purchasers) with a heap of salt. If you are at all hesitant to read this because you think it might be too painful, I urge you to pick it up as soon as you are able.  Not only is readig it cathartic - there's plenty of humor spread amongst the frustrations - it also has some very important points to make about politics, the media, Republicans, and foreign meddling in our election that are as relevant now as they were last year. Happy reading everyone!
 Excellent book.
 Thank you.
 Getting to read the story of one of the most accomplished Civil Servants of our time is a great honor. Thank you HRC for making HERstory with your groundbreaking nomination. I'm with her.
 Received it yesterday morning, finished it last night. So smart, and very emotional to read (I'm one of over 65 million who voted for her). It is important to examine what went wrong when something as catastrophic as the election of 2016 occurs. Thank you, Ms Clinton! Stronger Together - Love and Kindness.
 Smart and full review of the election from the perspective of Hillary Clinton.
 😀
 I thought it was a good book and easy read. I like how most of the good reviews have verified purchases and most of the 1-star don't.
 She is a good writer. The book is chatty but somehow manages to be insightful. She doesn't blame nearly as much as she certainly could. A well-balanced book. For those of us still baffled by the election a cathartic read.
 Hillary provided an insightful, broad, and fact based summation of her feelings, experiences, and life during one of the most difficult two years in America. A great mix of personal voice and story telling, and factual evidence.
 The most honest book written with lasting thought.
 What this country did to HRC was shameful.  I'm glad she finally got the chance to speak her mind on the 2016 elections. This is a thoughtful, understated book that does a great job of explaining what is going on under the surface of our frail democracy.
 The brutally honest book that we all needed to hear from Hillary Rodham. I liked Hard Choices, I loved Living History... but this book is a whole new level of raw Hillary like we have never seen, but need now more than ever. Highly recommend to everyone, not just those who voted for her, to see the insides of one of the most fascinating lives and complicated elections in U.S. History.
 My comment on Hillary's book, "What Happened," was taken down, despite the fact that it was civil, complimentary, on point and gave the book  five stars.  I am a Vine reviewer, and the review, entitled "Everywoman," was posted last evening.  I own and have read the book, and described my response in the review.  The review garnered hostile comments from Hillary haters, including one comment that suggested that I harm myself.  I assume that someone reported the comment as abusive and that the review was taken down as a result. The comment should have been taken down, but not the review.<br/><br/>In fact, I don't think that the comment should have been taken down either -  although that is Amazon's call, because the comment was abusive. I think we should allow misogynists and other bullies to display themselves publicly, so that everyone can see who and what they are. They merely prove Clinton's point that misogyny played a huge role in the hatred she encountered. In any event, I would appreciate it if Amazon would repost my review.<br/><br/>What I wrote in the review was that Hillary's book does not merely describe the first woman candidate for president's campaign, but also the experience of many women professionals struggling for recognition in the 20th and 21st century. I wrote that everyone should read the book for an eye-opening look, not only at the world of politics, also the world of misogyny that so many women encounter when they reject stereotypes. The book reveals Clinton to be intelligent, funny, nice person who also is - not was - tough, shrewd and determined to make a difference.<br/><br/>Those who choose to comment in an insulting, abusive manner should know that they do not bother me one iota, because like Clinton, I have seen it all. What they do, is place themselves on display in a manner that confirms every word that Clinton writes about misogyny and sexism. I am sorry that Amazon chose to take down the derogatory comment, but I do think that, nonetheless the review should have remained up.<br/><br/>Read the book. It documents a historical election, and also provides an example of the experience of every woman in the late 20th and early 21st-century.
 Heartbreaking yet uplifting and inspiring.
 Wonderful from start to finish!
 Loved this so much. HRC wrote with frank clarity and introspection. It was warm and funny and fierce.
 Thank God Hillary had the courage to write such an honest, compelling account of how she experienced the 2016 election, both as a candidate and as a woman.  She is intelligent and introspective enough to take blame when she felt necessary and brave enough to point fingers when necessary, knowing there would be backlash.  Her knowledge of politics, foreign affairs and the American Presidency is staggering and awe inspiring.  Her emotional honesty over the lost election is heart wrenching.  She is a thoughtful and fair historian and I, for one, am so grateful she has given us and future generations an inside view on how it feels and what it means to be among the most qualified politicians to ever run for the American Presidency, only to lose to the most unqualified person ever to run -  an event that has left the majority of Americans asking "How the hell did that happen?"
 I was so excited to receive this book today. It is truly a great read and hard to put down.  Thank You Hillary, I am still with you!
 I just finished listening to this book. It is a courageous, funny, candid look at an appalling moment in our history.  It is filled with antecdotes and wisdom.  I am sending copies of it to friends. It is that good.
 My SIL, whom I purchased it for, began reading as soon as she got home last night. This afternoon we had lunch together and here's the review she texted me to leave for this book:<br/>"I love this book, I got home last night from work and began reading immediately. I'm about 75% of the way through and so far it's extremely heartfelt. It's both heartbreaking and full of hope. I absolutely loved Hillary and I truly wish we had been able to say madam president and have a president that actually understands policy and the importance of having a president that can morally preside over a country. Oh what could have been..."
 It's not surprising there are legions of trolls on Amazon trying to discredit her book.  Serious readers should ignore those trolls and only trust the reviews by people who actually purchased the book.
 Hillary Rodham Clinton walks us through some of the most challenging, but also some of the best, times of her life in this enlightening and often humorous candid memoir.
 A well written and executed self reflection of the 2016 election. I'm enjoying it immensely as I read about Hillarys personal account of election. Its an honor to get this look into the mind of the rightful President.
 I needed this book from Hillary.  I still cannot believe what happened and it helps to hear from her.  In my opinion though, the news media and their polls is what happened.  The early polling day in and day out, the last polls saying that Florida was going for Hillary by 28%.  This affects who turns out and who doesn't.  I'm still pissed off even after reading this book.
 "For the most part, the criticism of Clinton's book is just more sexist drivel from the never-ending well of misogyny and sexism that's been being hurled in her direction during her long career of public service." -- Vogue
 Powered through almost half of this this afternoon. Extremely good read; something that I will absolutely be recommending to other women. I found her narrative brutally honest, empowering, at times humorous and overall introspective and thorough. I would recommend What Happened to anyone wanting to gain insight on Mrs. Clintons campaign and loss.
 I needed this book. Her words are frank and honest. I hope everyone reads this book. (Though those that MOST need to understand the words within, will most likely need the audio version, since knowing how to read isn't as important as learning how to be a misogynistic bigot.)
 Although it's a hard read (I'm still upset over the outcome), this book is amazing! Her grace and desire to always work to make America better is amazing. I highly recommend!
 Loved it. Will read again!
 Worth reading, especially if you voted for Hilary. Makes looking back less painful and looking forward much easier. A more inspiring rather than heavy take on the 2016 election. Highly recommend.
 Hillary's account of what happened in the 2016 election will no doubt be studied by historians in the years to come. Highly recommend the book. Buy it. Read it.
 Great read... highly recommend.
 This is a brilliant reflection on the 2016 election.
 Healing
 I am about half way through the book but I had to stop to write a review.  I can't read it too fast because I get overcome with emotion.  How wonderful it would be to have a Woman like this as President of the United States.  Someone who is passionate about doing as much good and helping as many people as possible.  The book clearly let's us hear Hillary's voice, the sadness, frustration and difficulties she encountered in her historic run for the White House.  I will read this book many times and cherish the example she sets.<br/><br/>Thank you Hillary.
 "Both sexism and misogyny are endemic in America. If you need convincing just look at the YouTube comments or Twitter replies when a woman dares to voice a political opinion or even just share an anecdote from her own lived experience. People standing in the shadows step forward just far enough to rip her apart."<br/><br/>- Hillary Rodham Clinton, What Happened page 115.<br/><br/>I thought it fitting to post in her own words why the trash comments on this page are so predicable. Abhorrent, yes, but predictable.<br/><br/>Thank you, Hillary, for raising your voice. For speaking your truth. For inspiring so many of us to do the same.
 Hillary finally speaks up! A brilliant book from the most admired woman in the world for 20 years straight.<br/>No one else is brave enough but her and she calls out the real crooks who conspired against our country.. The treasonous bastards.<br/>#OnwardTogether #AlwaysWithHer.
 She is stronger than ever. Her voice is real and true. Sing it Hillary. Women are inspired by you, men too and no one can change that.  #winner
 I'm still with her. We are still with her. She won and we want to hear everything she has to say about this election that was stolen from her. My kids can't wait to listen to this with me.
 This book makes me appreciate and embrace Hillary Clinton even more than during her campaign. She demonstrates her humanness and her vulnerability. I believe that she will continue to be a leader and an example to all but especially to women for all time.<br/>I also feel that the haters will always hate and spew the negativity very possibly without even opening her book.
 Just finished the book last night and really enjoyed it. Written with grace and hope for our country.
 It is obvious the 1star reviews were written by Hillary haters. They remind me of trolls on public posts in Facebook. And I doubt many really even read this book.
 I bought this book on an afternoon whim when I was not feeling too hopeful. I have not been able to put it down. Very obvious the negative reviews were written and supported by people who have not read this book!! A bit scarey to think some people go so far to be vindictive😆😆
 Poignant, funny, yet serious candid and gives one hope, regardless of politics. It's an amazing read for someone intrested in history, politics and our American culture.
 This is an amazing accounting that truly sums up what we (her supporters) saw and experienced first hand. So proud to have been able to be one of the millions who gave time and energy to this campaign. Great honesty and reflection.
 I'm no bleeding heart liberal but this was a well written book that explains the view from Hillary's perspective. It is raw, honest, and extraordinarily insightful. And yes - she takes the blame for the mistakes that she made and the election results.  Don't believe those who say she doesn't. They either didn't read the book and are repeating alternative facts, or they are simply lying which seems to be in  vogue with The Republican Party and Trump followers these days.  I'm glad I read it. It explains well how it came to be that we were all shocked on election night.  The influence of Russia is real and truly a call to arms regardless of your politics. Only the truly uninformed (or misinformed) people can deny that our institutions are under attack and how the Russians contribute to furthering the divide between us. They aim to defeat us from within.  As a country we must allow truth to prevail.  Facts matter.
 Honest, and when people get over who the author is.. they will realize this book tells the truth.
 This is honestly the best book Secretary Clinton has written to date. She is honest, raw, no-holds-bar and exactly what we expected her to be after all the years of being put down. She has face every obstacle a woman can face and beaten them better than any man can. I am unapologetically a Hillary supporter and will be for the rest of my life.
 clinton is sharp, honest &amp; inspirational. a must read.
 Impressive, honest, well written book from an intelligent, dedicated individual who has dedicated her life to public service.
 Terrific
 My pre-order book is scheduled to arrive tomorrow.  I am looking forward to reading Hillary's perspective.
 Got it on audible. Hard to listen to... her words in her voice. But compelling and exhilarating none the less. Glad she wrote it and glad it's pissing so many off.
 It seems highly doubtful that anyone who would read this book would ultimately come away from the experience having a radically different interpretation of events as they had possessed beforehand. Nevertheless, the book does present a rather nuanced analysis of the 2016 election from someone who has every right to write and publish an account of her own experiences; and her supporters have a similar right to hear said account.
 Amazing account. Beautifully written. It's amazing seeing how this woman still crawls under the skin of conservatives. They're intimated by strong, intelligent, successful women.
 I am almost halfway through the book and I am very glad I purchased it. She has done a great deal of reflection on what did and didn't work.
 Fantastic book by a truly inspirational woman.
 This is a great, well written book. She is an amazing woman and it is no wonder she is beloved by so so many people. Explains what really happened whether some want to believe it or not.
 Even as a life-long reader, I have had a hard time concentrating on reading since November, and this is the one that finally pulled me in. This is the view behind the scenes that, in some cases, you didn't even know you wanted. Juicy.<br/><br/>Excellently paced &amp; organized, witty &amp; fully prepared. Just like Secretary Clinton.
 I was waiting for her to share her perspective on the 2016 election and here it is. She tells her story with intelligence, humor, and great insight into how we got here and where America is at today. She's very relatable and when reading it, comes across as someone I would love to talk with and know in real life. Her life experiences have been extraordinary and she has handled crises and success in a way that can serve as a roadmap for others, especially women. Definitely a must-read for anyone interested in women's biography, US history and politics, or contemporary American culture.
 Still reading, but amazing so far. It gives insight to a campaign for the first woman nominee for president. So sad to see the unverified negative reviews...it really made me wonder about the authenticity of those reviews.
 This is the book Secretary Clinton had to write.  The negative reviews are most likely from people who have hated her all along and have bought into the bad narrative that has been perpetrated about her for many years.  How dare a strong, capable woman speak for herself, take on positions of authority, and dare to run for president!<br/><br/>Secretary Clinton dissects all of the events and circumstances that contributed to her loss, and certainly not to the exclusion of fully acknowledging and describing the mistakes she made.  But, that being said, I think it's clear that she was held to a much higher, and unreasonable, standard.  It's a sad fact that too many people in this country view the presidential election as a popularity contest.<br/><br/>This book will inform readers of future generations, especially women who want to run for office, that it's a formidable challenge but we must keep trying.
 Intelligent, honest, captivating, funny, witty, interesting, thought-provoking. This book was not only wanted... it was needed. ALWAYS WITH HER. HistoRiC.
 I'm literally on page xii of the Author's Note and have already cried and laughed out loud... this is going to be an awful and amazing experience, and I may be completely emotionally unprepared.  This story, her story, and the truth need to be told So we can heal and move onward! She means more to us than the deplorables can imagine. Most of these reviews were written by haters who didn't even read the book. Sad need to constantly lash out at her and their inability to stop and learn the truth.  #FOREVERwithHer #thingsillNEVERgetover
 Loving this book!!
 Fantastic  Hillary is a true patriot and deserves respect for coming forward eith this heartfelt rendition of "What Happened".  I am always with HER on the right side of history!
 I've been reading "What Happened" by Hillary Rodham Clinton for a couple of days now, and she comes across as the normal, healthy, good-hearted, smart person whom sane people have seen her as all along.
 Women need a voice. HRC is a great voice for all women.
 Beautiful, inspiring book about the last few hectic years.
 I have not read in a while but I really wanted to read this so I gave it a go. I have really enjoyed it. Contrary to others claims, it is not a book where she only complains about her loss. She details how she decided to run, her inspirations, her family, her goals, her challenges both personally and politically, and yes, her loss. How she has dealt with that loss among other hard times in her life and why she believes she lost (and she does take a large credit for it).<br/><br/>All in all a great read. You will become part of her emotional rollercoaster so be prepared. This book made me feel sorrow at times but content in others. She is so likable in this book. Highly reccommended for a HRC supporter, a polical enthusist, or someone who wants to be more woke.
 An amazing look into the amazing life of Hillary Rodham Clinton!
 Insightful, beautifully written, by one of the most accomplished, intelligent woman of our time. HRC takes the reader inside every aspect of her campaign. Taking us through the deveststing personal loss and the overwhelming personal responsibility she felt to her almost 66 million supporters. A wonderful read. I will definitely buy this as a gift for several people.
 I couldn’t seem to put this book down once it arrived. Hillary Clinton’s many essays help shape a broader message as to how she feels today. She is disappointed in herself, but refuses to give up. She’s a loving mother and grandmother, in many cases happy she has more time for family. She’s frustrated with the Russians, Comey, Bernie, and the media for how they all shaped this campaign. She thinks Trump is a national embarrassment, and she takes some blame in his election. She offers advice for the Democratic Party moving forward. Still, it’s not a bitter account of the 2016 election by any means. In a way the tears and laughs I experienced throughout this book helped give me closure. Hillary has made some seriously stunning history, and I’m proud to have supporter her presidential campaign. I’m happy she felt strong enough to write this book and open up about her feelings. We needed that.
 I started listening to the CD's last night. It's good to hear her voice again. Those who are saying she blamed everyone but herself obviously haven't read it.
 Insightful and heartfelt read from an intelligent, accomplished bad-ass. As presidential as you can get.
 This book is wonderful. It is at once informative, heartbreaking, and inspiring. It's so nice to hear her honest voice, without the barriers of political office tempering them.  If you want to really know what it was like in those days from someone who has been a leader in American politics for decades, then you'll love this book.  Plus, she has just the right amount of snark that I like from a nasty woman!
 Amazing true American. The real president of this nation gives an indepth, insightful behind the scenes take on her side of the story without all the hateful media nonsense that turned her into something that isn't true. I love and am still inspired by Hillary Rodham Clinton!
 Excellent book.  A must read
 I have always wished Hillary Clinton would write in her own words what she was really thinking. She has been constrained by poltics and has walked a fine line as the first woman to win a major political party nomination.  I have always thought she might have something to say about her experience, and this was pretty amazing.  It isn't about Bernie or Trump or anyone specifically -- it is about Hillary Clinton's experience in running for the highest office in the land and the things that only a woman would have to tolerate. She had something to say and she has said it, and I enjoyed the read. Glad she shared her thoughts with those of us who wanted to listen.
 Love this book! Grab the audiobook too. Its read by her. Beware reviews, make sure you read the "verified purchase" reviews. Those are the people who actually bought the book. #stillwithher
 Excellent.  Insightful. Thoughtful and timely.  Kudos Hillary.
 Raw. Poignant. Witty. Clinton's look back at "What Happened," does not just follow the 2016 Presidential Election, but looks back at what has happened throughout her entire career in public service. While her political analysis is what one expects (whether you agree or disagree), it his her reflection upon her other roles in life--daughter, mother, grandmother, friend--that offer the reader a glimpse into her mindset as she lets down the barriers that have often misconstrued her persona. Above all, her humor, shade throwing, and her Selina Meyer-esque approach make this a must read as Americans and the world truly attempt to figure out what really happened during the most heated political election--ever.
 Engaging, literate, intelligent just like the author. We really screwed the pooch not electing her.
 The book moves along fast. It's a perspective of what the election was like as experienced by Hillary, and explains why she ran for president, and how she dealt with the aftermath. Compassionate, sensitive voice of the author shines through.
 Just because...
 I found it hard to relive the deep disappointment so many of us felt after our loss almost a year ago. Hillary's honesty and foresight provides the balm I needed to keep on keeping on. I recommend this book to all who continue to seek answers.
 Great read. Secretary Clinton gives an open, frank account of the 2016 election. I loved reading it.
 Loved this book and this woman.  She is my hero.
 The book is very well written and gives us an idea of what she must have been thinking after the very unfortunate events that unfolded! All these people bashing this book I can guarantee you did not even read it! They are just doing what they do best...spreading hate and conspiracy theories that have been proven untrue! Any chance they can get to bash her and is deplorable!! I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to hear how things went from her perspective. We wouldn't have to read the book if the election had not been stolen from her. She would have been an excellent President!!
 Love Hillary not letting the haters get to her but telling it like it is! Haters gonna hate.
 I thought the book was well written. It was open and thoughtful. I could not put the book down it was that good!!!!
 Good lord, people, read the book before you rate it -- and read it as a book, not a piece of propaganda. The woman won more votes than anyone but Obama. She deserves a chance to tell her story, and she does it magnificently.
 Telling, eye-opening, cathartic. While it does discuss issues of the past, it is useful for preventing those same mistakes in the future
 This is the story Of Hillary Rodham Clinton's experience from the 2016 Presidential Election. In this book she tells the story of first Female canadaite of a major party to run for the highest office of the land. She describes the sexism she gathered from the far left and far right and how hard it's still to be a woman in society today. She goes into explaining her faults in the campaign and what she has learned from this experience while taking responsibility. She also talks about the future of Democratic Party but most of all, protecting democracy during these uncertain times. This book would be looked back as historical artifact when this country elects its first woman president and be a stepping stone for that little girl out there somewhere, who will lead this country.  Although this book will never appease her detractors, she will always had Resist, insist, persist, and enlisted against them and has 65 million Americans #Stillwithher
 Really enjoying HRC's telling of the story of 2016.
 Such an important read, it's a warning for our times. How sexism is alive. She warned us! I love this book ,
 Brilliant!
 I'm appalled at the number of fake 1-star reviews on this book.  Folks, look for "verified purchase" before giving credence to a review.  These people hate Clinton, and haven't read the book.  It is a concerted effort by her detractors to bring down the book's popularity.<br/><br/>In the meantime, those of us actually reading it are enjoying it, find it a balanced take in which she by no means shirks responsibility for the loss, while still looking at the plethora of unprecedented impacts to the campaign.  Well written, wry humor, and some advice going forward.  A worthwhile read.
 A completely cathartic experience to read.  So grateful that she took the time to write.  #stillwithheralways
 Cannot put this book down, great read.
 Thoughtful and smart. An important read on an unprecedented election.
 Great read!
 Love this book. Well written, interesting, full of details (and shade).
 Honest and incredible!
 The most honest deconstruction of the 2016 election. Also, everything she warned us was happening during the campaign. Absolutely gut wrenching and true.
 This book is more candid than I expected. Since Clinton isn't running for office again, it's clear that she feels she can take more risks and be open about topics she could have been more open about during the campaign. Very good, and funny.
 Very insightful, thoughtful and coherent ... she would have made an amazing president
 Honest, heartbreaking, and inspiring. Future of our democracy depends on a learning from 2016.
 She will have her detractors and haters, but no one can ever deny the intelligence and tenacity of this brilliant public servant. Millions of supporters have waited for this necessary bittersweet moment, and Hillary does not disappoint. If she were a man, no one would be questioning her opinion, unless they feel threatened by the truth. "What Happened" is OUR shared experience.
 Enjoyed the book, an interesting insight into the election.
 Very raw, honest account. Hillary is a strong, intelligent, brave woman, and she has done so much for our country. This book gives me hope that she will keep doing just that. I will read this more than once.
 Daring, bold, and compelling story from America's greatest leader.
 A thoughtful and insightful book about HRC's campaign for President. A must read for anyone who loves America,
 Verified Purchase! Great read! Hillary's story is powerful. I couldn't put it down.  Funny how the bad reviews aren't verified purchases..... people leaving one-star reviews took time out of their day to review a book they didn't read. Can they read? Oh, that's why...<br/><br/>Thanks for sharing Hillary!
 It makes you wonder why someone would write a one review?  Just saying.  I think she's very smart and overall wonderful human being and should have been president.  Maybe the world and this country would be in a different place right now.  I am enjoying her frankness and honesty all the way through.  At least Hillary has emotions and feeling, unlike someone else and not to mention brains.
 As the first major party female nominee, Hillary Clinton has every right to write this book and as a fan and a woman who has looked up to her my whole adult life, I can't wait to dive in. I've read excerpts from the book and love the fact that she takes full responsibility for her campaign and loss while discussing the factors which were out of her control like Russia hacking our election and the negative campaign Sanders ran which had lasting damage.<br/>Also, a lot of the negative feedback is from trolls who have not read the book especially since released today so please disregard them. Amazon should remove any review which isn't from a verified purchaser.
 Funny, casual, factual. This book is highly entertaining and readable. The writing style is very witty. The personal journey is front and center here and HRC dissects everything that went right and wrong in 2016. I am loving this take on the biggest story of the year.
 Good book.  She speaks like an adult, unlike the other guy.  Highly recommended.
 I love this book and more than ever, I'm with her. A great read from an intelligent, thoughtful woman.
 An excellent book in every regard. Well-written, informative, good inside stories, lots of reflection and honesty - a true inside look at what it was like for Hillary, and insightful historical perspectives and details on much of what we've heard about on the news. She doesn't wallow in blame, though she calls out what she sees, including her own mistakes. It's excellent. I've both been listening all day and I bought the hardcover as well. To think we could have had an intelligent, well-spoken, informed, thoughtful, reflective, compassionate leader with ideas and experience instead of what we have now - with every word of this book, I became more sad that we as a country lost out on what she offered us. This book speaks in her voice, with her sense of humor, her compassion and caring and respect for her staff, and her emotional honesty. It's excellent. Don't be deterred by the negative reviews - it's well worth reading.
 This was an amazing book. Highly recommend.
 One of the best political books ever written.  She is proud and strong in her self worth; so that this analysis is spot on, tough, and blindingly honest.  If you read this book with an open heart, mind and eyes, you will see her truths is the truth.  Plus, it is funny and heartwarming.  She is an amazing writer.
 This book was such a clear and interesting view of HRC.  Transparent and well written.  Shows what a excellent president she would have made.
 With nothing left to lose, and no plans for any further political campaigns, Hillary Clinton has penned the bare, honest, and whole truth from behind the scenes about the brutal campaign of 2016. She needed to write it, we supporters need to read it, and history will count it among the most important post-mortems ever written by a failed presidential candidate. Her wealth of experience and knowledge not only enrich the story, they will be crucial as she continues to do everything in her power--as a private citizen--to halt the threat posed by the current administration. It's painful, I admit, to relive the heartbreaking perfect storm that stole the election from its rightful winner, but the lessons are indispensable, and we would all do well to heed them. Hillary Clinton is my number one role model. Strong, fierce, and resolute.
 For those shocked by the outcome of the 2016 election, reading this book has been cathartic. It gives you a thoughtful account of the 2016 campaign, including strong insights into what was happening in the candidate's mind and details about events that were out of public view. For those who felt despair and never really made it through the stages of grief, this book details how Clinton faced those same challenges and ultimately continues to believe in the American experiment. Characteristic of Hillary, it's well thought out and offers incredible insight into the mind of one of the most qualified leaders of our generation. I highly recommend this book.
 Insightful, warm, witty - the best of Hillary. She would have been a transformative president. Still with her.
 This is an excellent, detailed, and well-written account of the 2016 election.<br/><br/>I doubt most the one star reviewers have purchased the book or ever will. I have, and it really is an extraordinary look into Clinton's thought processes before and during the election.<br/><br/>The sections on emails and the NBC Commander in Chief forum where Matt Lauer spent half of Clinton's time asking email questions are infuriating. The media failed the country miserably in 2016, and we all need to learn from that.<br/><br/>Great book, highly recommended.
 Very inspiring, I haven't felt this good since November 2016.  Great read.
 Tears while reading. Such openness and real emotion Such a shame.
 A glimpse inside Mrs Clinton's brilliant mind and warm heart.
 I think it was a good account of what happened during the 2016 election. I enjoyed the book.
 I listen to this while I do housework or paint my painting kits.
 Love this. It's honest and refreshing and really good to hear her perspective on this.
 MADAME PRESIDENT! We miss you, love you, desperately wish you were in charge. And are So tired of the haters. Hillary gave her life to public service, she would have made plenty of money as a corporate attorney without NEARLY the despicable BS she has had to deal with in the public eye.  I love her writing and thank her for putting up with the deplorable BBros, Russian Bots, and TrumpTrolls that are hellbent on destroying our Democracy.  She is so incredibly strong in the face of their baseless loathing, and I admire her fortitude, good humor and insight in this book that must have been gut-wrenching to write. THANK YOU! KEEP UP THE GOOD FIGHT! MOST OF AMERICA WISHES YOU WERE PRESIDENT! Please stay active publicly even though you have every reason to give up on this ridiculous mob- we NEED YOU!!!!
 Got this today and cannot put it down.  She is so incredible. Her words are honest and thoughtful and so  insightful and inspiring!<br/>Makes you realize again how much our country lost! She is my President!
 What can you say. Love her! So sad for this Country.
 Amazing.... barely half way and moved immensely. We need her to stay engaged. Her commitment is unmatched.<br/><br/>It's ridiculous that only 4 of the 1 star reviews are verified purchasers. The rest are bogus.
 It is worth your time, and valuable. Her writing is honest, powerful, and important. I will forever respect and appreciate HRC, and mourn what could have been. But we will rise up, and thanks to her hard work, we will someday have a badass female president. #StillWithHer
 Excellent book. I am quite frankly speechless. Will update my review later when I have the words.
 This is a book that needs to be read by every American....especially the men.
 Interesting, well-written, insightful, and a great response to all the people who resent her having anything to say.
 A fantastic read. Can't put the book down. Hillary is an amazing a brave woman, who shares her account of what she thinks went wrong. Along the way, I have cried for her, and laughed with her.  This is deffinetly a book, that everyone should read.
 Fantastic and inspiring read. Some day I hope to take loss, and such great loss, as Hillary has shown in these pages.
 Great book. Candid and honest. She is smart and well versed in all policy, foreign and domestic.
 Incredible account of 2016's events
 I enjoyed the candor in the book. She should be president!
 An INCREDIBLE read. Honest, heartbreaking, and beautiful. Don't let the excerpts that leaked before publication fool you. She takes responsibility time after time, and feels awful for losing and letting us down. But she also talks about what other factors played a role.<br/><br/>A difficult but important read.
 Hillary writes an incredible book about her experiences as the first female nominee of a major party for President.  It's absolutely moving and gave me goosebumps to relive the feelings of seeing her accept the nomination.
 I absolutely love the book. I am ashamed of the trolls on here. This woman deserves respect. Still reading and love every second of it. #stillwithher
 #ImWithHer #StillWithHer #AlwaysWithHer
 What an incredible book. It took me through a range of emotions - at times I was angry or sad, but just as often I felt hopeful or found myself laughing. This is truly Hillary uncensored; which does mean the litigator in her does come through sometimes. Do I agree with everything she said in this book? No, but overall this book was incredibly cathartic to read. I recommend it to anyone who is still trying to come to grips with the fact that Trump is our president.
 Her book is poignant and informative.  She skillfully combines political dissection and analysis with  revealing and moving memoir. A valuable addition to the history of the 2016 election.
 Thoughtful, intelligent, insightful devastating and candid.  Just like our real president, Hillary Rodham Clinton. It's beautifully written and narrated by her and gives real insight to the events, the people, and the emotions of those two years. Her voice, her story are undoubtedly an important historical document.<br/>Ps. Highly doubtful all those Berners/Trumpsters read and wrote a review of her book on the same day it came out so beware of those dubious one star reviews.
 Thank you, Hillary, for sharing your story. It should have been yku.
 Honest. Insightful. Must read for all politicos.
 I'm so glad I purchased this book! I've read several of Hillary's books, which are excellent and well-crafted, and this one doesn't disappoint. Her unguarded perspective on 2016 and how we can move forward in a positive, progressive way is a message we desperately need. I highly recommend this title.
 Very insightful.
 Love this book , 100 % true
 Looking forward to listening to the audio book!
 Best candidate, best qualified.  A most humble reflection on what happened.
 Lovely blend of personal exposure and political insight.  More personal than I expected, but I read to hear from the person, so that's completely appropriate.  The last chapter is best of all: I nominate #flawed as a feminist concept to carry us through all the races of the next decade without apology.
 An honest assessment of the reality of the 2016 presidential campaign by the winner of the popular vote. Hillary is honest, smart, practical, and above all, strong. "I wear my composure like a suit of armor." She is an amazing person who should be in the Oval Office right now. Instead we are living in a nightmare. My wish is that she will never be silent.
 Love.
 It was great to get her perspective. All the people complaining have never even read this book. If a man wrote this book nobody would say anything bad about it.
 A wonderful analysts of a stolen election by the brilliant and dedicated public servant who lived it. After enduring a lifetime of slurs and lies she continues to stand strong.  A beautiful book!
 I have been eagerly awaiting this since I first heard she was writing it. It doesn't disappoint. Hillary is such an amazing women. I am in awe of her intelligence, compassion, and strength! So glad to be hearing her story.
 Hillary is candid, honest, funny, and smart in her first book as a non-candidate. She should have been president.
 This an honest, raw, punch in the gut for anyone who needs a postmortem of the election. The first female president is out there.  She needs this book, just like the rest of us.
 This book proves that Hillary didn't lose, America did.
 A much needed candid analysis from one of the U.S.'s best public servants and first woman to earn a major party's Presidential nomination.
 Amazing Book. Great Read! She should be our president.
 Hillary has always been a leader. One of the things I've always admired about her is her ability to keep going even as people obsess over her flaws while justifying the flaws of others. It's an unfair world - and she always tries to be fair in it. Thank you, Hillary, for putting yourself out there one more time.
 Insightful, funny, informative and courageous narrative on the 2016 election from Hillary's point of view.  Kudos to a patriot and lifelong public servant.
 Couldn't put it down, nicely candid.
 My copy came this morning obviously have not read it.  Sick of anyone thinking she should not speak out.  If we don't analyze this mess of an election every way from Sunday we will end up with more of this garbage in the future.  At least she still has the decency to want to get to the bottom of ALL the garbage so we can fix what is broken/bent/not functioning correctly/etc so our country can be the better for it.  We cannot continue to bury this garbage under a rug - pretending everything is "peachy keen" and then wonder why things don't work !  Have read a few pages here and there -- so excited to read from cover to cover.  Bottomline here --- would think nearly everyone commenting here has not had a chance to read the book completely as it just came out today ---- so, as soon as I get done --- will be back here to confirm or not if it lives up to my excitement.  So appreciate Hillary Clinton's willingness to share her perspective.
 Loving reading this book. Hearing this woman, wife, mother, grandmother and friend tell her story gives me great insight into this ladies world. I am delighted with my purchase and would recommend it.
 This book is an insightful, honest forward and backward looking analysis of the stolen 2016 election. Hillary Clinton is an awesomely strong woman who deserves respect and I'm glad she's speaking out! Go Hillary!!
 Amazing
 Honest, clear, heartfelt account by Secretary Clinton.
 As someone who actually purchased the book, I can say this is a really honest account of the 2016 election. It's not as wordy as Hard Choices and isn't a policy book but more of a catharsis for herself and her supporters who want to move past the 2016 election and not repeat the mistakes that were made. I even found myself inspired by the message of moving on in the face of what seems impossible and the worst possible outcome and result.
 Hilarious that 51% of reviews (very few of them verified purchases) gave this one star. HRC has done more for her country and community than 100% of people you know. Let's dispense with the partisan review antics. We made a grave error - looking at you Trump voters and non-voters - by not electing this woman to lead our nation. Opportunity missed. I am almost through this book in one evening and it's an honest (google it, Trumpers), poignant, sometime funny, sometimes nostalgic account of 'What Happened."  While too many of her self-proclaimed enemies aimed to (and continue to) enrich themselves, Hillary Rodham Clinton worked hard for those who had less than she. Thats a huuuuge difference in the character comparison between HRC and Trump. For the haters, who seem to be everywhere these days, educate yourself. Know the facts. Demand the facts. I'm confident your hatred toward HRC will lessen at the least and perhaps even dissipate. Give it try, this book is a good place to start.
 Excellent summary that will help the girl who eventually becomes the first female president of the united states.
 A must read for Democrats and Republicans
 I can recommend both the text book and the Audiobook.  Both are fantastic.  The stories she shares about her personal experiences and her internal struggles are both incredibly moving and (as a woman working in a male-dominated field) easy to identify with.  This is an incredibly inspiring person story of her fight to do something that was both intensely personal and intensely public.  I know she doesn't owe us anything after the election but I am so grateful to her for taking the time and risk to expose her inner thoughts like this.  I know they will inspire generations of young women trying to make breakthroughs like she did.
 So refreshing to hear a politician speak the truth! It's the book I would have written from where I as a voter was sitting. Enough accountability to go around for a long time.
 I started reading it as soon as it was available at midnight! Hardly got any sleep, it was such a "page turner". I didn't quite get through it in one sitting, but oh boy, is this a great read. I appreciate the candidate's point of view as part of the whole picture of what happened in 2016, and I admire Hillary Clinton for her ability to persevere. I'm very grateful for this book, and highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in campaigns, feminism, women's rights, and how to move forward from the moment we find ourselves in. I purchased this as Kindle, Hardcover, and Audio CD. Can't wait to hear her read it in her own voice. Keep standing up and speaking out, Hillary!
 Very honest. She pulls no punches.
 Very much enjoyed reading this candid book about what so much of us were thinking and feeling. Her honesty and vulnerability is genuine. She's not on her "best behavior" so of course her critics will come out in droves, but it's refreshing to see her "let her hair down" and tell us what was really going through her mind.
 I love this book. It is warm, self-deprecating, insightful, reflective...just lovely.  As someone who was devastated by Secretary Clinton's loss, the book is both heartbreaking and comforting at the same time. And while it's been unfairly  characterized as making excuses or dwelling in the past, it is in reality a honest and unflinching look at what it is like to be the first female nominee of a major party in one of the most bizarre elections of our lifetime and offers a positive and forward looking analysis of how to get back up and keep going--as women, as Americans and as a nation.  I bought the hardcover but then decided to listen to it on audiobook, which I highly recommend if you miss hearing her voice.
 Hillary finally gets to tell her story -- which is also our story, the 4 million Democrats who chose her over Bernie Sanders, and the more than 3 million Americans who chose her over Donald Trump.  And it's about time to hear her voice without having to search for it among a concerted Russian misinformation campaign, Bernie Sanders' constant attacks (and yes, he went very negative and very personal -- just google the recap of his rallies), and a misguided FBI announcement.  A number of studies have shown that news coverage of Hillary was much more negative than that for Trump -- or for Bernie.  Hillary has worked to make the world better for women, children, people of color, latinos and the LGBTQ community, than possibly any woman in American political history (Google "The Hillary Doctrine.")  Yet now that she has the platform to speak, there are still people who want to her to sit down and shut up -- as if she doesn't matter, and as if WE don't matter.  She matters, we matter.  What doesn't matter is the uninformed, sexist, noise being made by people who have no idea what they're talking about.
 Finally, the Hillary Clinton previously only reserved for close family &amp; friends. Open. Vulnerable. Emotional. Human. I've often seen this Hillary break through in moments during her long life of service, all within the public's view, but would see it often disappear behind the persona that was always crafted, cautious &amp; measured. (For good reason) Hillary is about the people &amp; the work. It never suited her to have to engage in self aggrandizement or peacocking. I'm just sorry that it took all of this for her to finally become comfortable enough to just be herself.
 To the point and hard hitting.  Let the lady speak!!
 I have read all of HRC's books, and the only complaint I've ever had is that she, by necessity, writes cautiously. I have always wanted to know what she really thinks, what she would say if she didn't have to consider the political fallout of telling it like it is. This book is therapy for the millions of us who love and admire Hillary Clinton, and will never get over how cheated we are to not have her as president. She broke barriers, exposed the rampant misogyny on the left and right, and paved the way for some other woman to be the first non-male president. I hope it's in 2020, and I hope that woman will acknowledge her debt to this extraordinary woman.
 I received my book in the mail yesterday, and I can't put it down. It's raw and honest. I feel the bad reviews are from folks who haven't read it. She's brutally honest about herself and her shortcomings, but she doesn't hide behind her rhetoric and let others off the hook, either. I admire her tenacity and ability to make something good come out of her loss. She didn't file lawsuits, she simply wrote a book to make sure her side of the story is told.<br/><br/>The excerpts pulled by the media make it seem as if she blames everyone but herself. Within the first pages of the introduction, she makes it clear the responsibility and blame for the stunning loss of the presidency was on her. She may not be president, but she certainly won the popular vote, and that is the real news.
 I will add more later, but so far the book is a thoughtful, raw, factual, emotive response to a tragedy that affects our nation; we lost, not Hillary. And those who can't see their loss are even more at a loss because they don't even know what has been taken away from them. This point subtly comes out throughout the book. It is brazen, and real, and it deserves our nation's attention if not respect at the very least.
 Thoughtful and well written.  I look forward to reading the entire book, especially on policy topics that found so little air time in the mist of the reality-TV like coverage of the 2016 race.  One thing that continually strikes me reading her own words, how remarkably intelligent and gifted a writer Mrs. Clinton is.
 Was so excited for the book to arrive on my kindle at midnight and I was not disappointed. She did an amazing job with an insanely difficult topic. I hope it was as cathartic for her to write it as it was for me to read it.
 The Audible version is really entrancing. Hearing her voice saying all the words you always wanted to hear are sad and exhilarating at the same time.
 I couldn't put this book down. It's excellent. And while I was a supporter of Mrs. Clinton during the campaign, my admiration for her has grown even greater after having read this sincere and insightful analysis of "What Happened." In my opinion, historians will someday will put it simply...she was robbed and so were we.
 I'm only halfway through, but so far I've found it enlightening and cathartic. Clinton's writing is personal, introspective, and insightful,
 I purchased both the hard cover and the Audible edition.  I am listening to the Audible edition know and am over halfway through it.  Hillary narrates it herself and that fact makes this very personal book feel intimate, like listening to a friend while she shares her innermost thoughts with us.<br/><br/>This is an excellent book and verify many of my own observations from the campaign.  America is the poorer for not having Mrs. Clinton as our first American President.<br/><br/>Thank you, Hillary, for writing this wonderful, insightful, considered book and for sharing yourself, unflinchingly, with us again.  After reading this, I again feel my hope returning.
 This is a must read account of a brave politician and brave woman's journey from the brink of presidency to the shocking loss at the final step. It's is heartfelt, real and too few such real life stories are told. She is one of the very strongest people I have known of in recent years in public life. She would have made a great US president, one they could have been proud of.  Her story is one of courage, public service and amazing resilience both during her career and in the aftermath of the election result. A most admirable woman. You could not but be very moved.
 Great book by a great woman. Loved it!
 I received my copy this morning and I can't put it down. She is right on point as usual.<br/>This is a MUCH needed look back at the many atrocities she faced in the 2016 election.
 Candid take on the 2016 election written in her own voice.  She takes us into her vulnerabilities as we have not heard before. It is necessary to acknowledge the sexism on all sides to put the election in ficus
 An amazing book! Hillary Clinton dives into to the 2016 election, and finally we get to hear her side of the story. I have been a supporter of Hillary's for years and this really is the most open I have heard her. I am so happy she finally got the opportunity to share her thoughts on the election, and our country as a whole, unmuted by the fear of losing.
 This book is not what you think it is. It is not a bitter rant as much as it is a first-person account of what happened in 2016. History demanded that it be written and in her own voice. It has also, surprisingly, been a FUN book to read. It is refreshing to hear Hillary in her own words about the campaign, the outcome, her thoughts on some of her haters, and more. This is Hillary with an edge, the unguarded Hillary. It is also a warning of what is to come. She does not hold back about what danger Trump can hold and how we can guard against it. If you don't want to heed that warning from someone who was right there watching what was happening, I'd suggest you consider heeding it from a former Secretary of State who fully understands how democracies can die.
 Very good read from her point of view.
 Very honest account, does not forget to highlight her own mistakes in 2016. The hysteria that she is "blaming Bernie" is simply false. The book also deals with coping with a huge defeat which I find very comforting to read.
 I got my copy yesterday and plowed through it in less than 24 hours. This is THE most open and engaging political memoir I've ever read. It's not even a little dry or self-aggrandizing. Clinton spends time analyzing her own mistakes, but takes no prisoners when it comes to the people who also deserve blame for her loss. Clinton-haters will refuse to believe this, but the book - like the Secretary herself - is also warm and funny throughout.<br/><br/>Also note the discrepancy between the ratings left by verified reviewers versus people who haven't purchased the book.
 Yes! Read it now!
 This is the Hillary those who were paying attention saw all along, only a little looser. She's always been a wonderfully candid writer, as those who actually read Living History and Hard Choices will already know. In Living History, she previously covered a lot of ground about how difficult it can be as a women in the public eye and the bewildering double standards women are held to (like, why did the press focus so much on her headbands instead of the work she did getting healthcare for children? sexism much?). There's a whole section on the sexism and misogyny she continued to valiantly battle during the 2016 campaign here in this book. But she's not complaining, nope, she's simply stating the facts, including oodles of research, plus anecdotes from other female politicians  -- Elizabeth Warren 'persisting', Kamela Harris getting hushed, this stuff isn't over, and that's Hillary's point. 'What Happened' isn't just a recap of her own campaign, it's a warning of what could happen in the 2018 midterms and the 2020 election. From sexism, which the media keeps ignoring, to the Russian interference that's slowly being acknowledge, to voter suppression since the dismantling of the Voting Rights Act to the effects of Citizens United, Hillary lays out how these things hurt her campaign and how they could hurt Democrats in the future. Yes, she accepts responsibility over &amp; over again for her own faults (seriously, read the book, she does, in the very first chapter &amp; endlessly, she kind of beats that horse dead), but she also warns us how to avoid even worse disasters in the future. She's been through it and has seen the worst, we should listen to her.<br/><br/>Also, it's just a really well-written, entertaining, engaging book. There's insight into life on the campaign trial, Hillary's life and inspirations, and of course, all the what-ifs of how we could have had an incredibly smart woman running America, all her plans for fixing the economy, the opioid crisis, climate change, and more. There's more laughter than tears, clever asides, genuine LOLs, and inspirational quotes than sob stories or pity parties. It's a thoughtful, uplifting book from a woman who would have been a stellar president.
 Really great book. I was curious to learn about her thoughts and feelings and what went through her head after everything that happened. Full disclosure I voted for her. But regardless, I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys an interesting read cover to cover and loves politics.
 Incredibly well written book. Of course she discusses her side of the story. That's what the book is supposed to be. She also takes responsibility (despite what the media snippets want you to think)... I thoroughly enjoyed hearing from private citizen Hillary Clinton who doesn't have to walk atop the double edged sword of strong, but not too strong, emotional enough, but not too emotional, smart but not too smart etc etc. She's funny, intelligent, insightful, and LIKABLE when she can just be herself.
 thank you to our #PopularVoteWinner for an honest look at what happened! #LoveHer
 I don't review books before I read them, and so this is _not_ a review. All this is is a vote for sanity. Giving a book only 5's or 1's to grind your personal political axe is childish and is not conducive to a coherent, rational discussion of issues or personalities. If you actually read the book and loved it or hated it, fine, although an actual review rather than a star rating with a one-line insult or rave is much more meaningful. If you want to be part of the conversation, please, actually _buy_ and _read_ the book and then post something coherent and insightful. If you just see this as yet another venue in which to vent your intensely misogynist and/or anti-Democrat spleen, please, get a life!
 So raw but so good!
 Was even better than I anticipated. I can't imagine going through this. Here's to strong women. May we know them. May be be th. May we raise them.
 Predictably, many reviews of this book on social media and other public platforms are partly fake, half degrading, half adulatory, and several are altogether unburdened by the obligation to review the content of the book rather than the presumed character of its author. This is Hillary Clinton we're talking about, and it's nigh impossible to get through all the flying shrapnel and get an objective perspective of how this book reads. So this is what I'll say, read it for yourself. If nothing else, it's a record that posterity needed. Historians are going to be scratching their heads about 2016 for a while to come, and it's rare to get this much vivid detail from one of the two chief participants in the events that transpired.<br/><br/>The book is raw, angry, emotional, funny, defensive and poignant...often at the same time. Just like the campaign was. Love her or hate her, Hillary Clinton's three decades in politics leave us with a different America than the one she found in the 70's. She deserves to have her say, and tell her story through her own eyes. She does that, and more! The book isn't perfect. There are passages where her inner wonk gets carried away, and the book drags as she lists out countless policy details and the names of all the people who manned her campaign. There are passages where the lawyer in her gets defensive and closes the curtains on what could have otherwise been a remarkable exposition. All that is largely compensated by other parts of the book where her lifelong tribulations, vast experience and dry humor leave us with unique insight into the causes she has championed and the historic path that she has blazed.<br/><br/>Most importantly, should you be that rare Republican that reads this book, read it with an open mind.  Hear her out, even if it is for the last time that you do so. For the first time in her life, she has nothing left to run for. She no longer cares about offending people who might otherwise vote for her. She just writes what she wanted to write after thirty years in a straightjacket, after thirty years of trying to please with poll tested platitudes. It's worth your time.
 The reviewers who berate this book as a "list of excuses" have either not read the book or are deliberately mischaracterizing it. Or both. From the start Ms Clinton takes full responsibility for losing the election. She repeats this over and over as she analyzes her mistakes. She also describes the incredible circumstances which were outside her control (such as Russian interference and James Comey's reopening of the email investigation). No excuses here. Just intelligent observations and heartfelt soul searching.  Beyond the story of what happened to her, this is the story of what happened--and is happening--to our country.
 Excellent memoir from the individual who should have been our president.
 This was an amazing book.  When you read the bad reviews given by people who have not even read the book, then you have a great window of just how right Hillary Clinton was when discussing Bernie Bros, et al.
 Hilary Clinton may not be liked by everyone, but she was certainly the best qualified person running for President.  Right now we are left with someone with absolutely no experience, no respect by the rest of the world, and seems to go out of his way to insult not only the American people, but most of the leaders of the free world.  We have no standing in the world since this President has come on board.  I hope the America that I know and love can someday recover from this very dark time in history.
 Listening to the audio book is like having Hillary here in my home.  I have a perpetual lump in my throat, sad to what we lost and horrified to know who we are stuck with.<br/>As a staunch Hillary supporter over the years I relish listening to Madam President's voice.  it is cathartic and healing.<br/><br/>To all the Hillary bashers/haters I say, go away. Stop wasting our time.  You deserve what you got. Unfortunately we all now have to suffer.<br/><br/>I never in my worst nightmare imagined DJT would be president. He'll NEVER be my president!!!  I am still pinching myself.<br/><br/>I am loving every word of this book.  Way to go Hillary!!!  So proud of you!!!  You may never be our President but I surely enjoyed the ride and wish you everything good life has to offer.  I Thank you for this book.
 i haven't received my pre-ordered copy yet, but i cannot wait. there are hundreds=maybe thousands of people at her b&amp;n book signing this morning. go hillary!!!!!!!!
 Wonderful book. Thoughtful, clear, insightful. We need and deserve to hear Hillarys perspective. I came away even more impressed with her as a human and a leader.
 Ignore the fake reviews.<br/><br/>Still reading, but so far it’s excellent, well-written and unguarded.
 A candid review of an important moment in American history, written by one of the principal movers of events. A must-read.
 Insightful, contemplative, real, witty, down to earth, depressing and uplifting at the same time. Hillary Clinton speaks her truth in an extremely well thought out, captivating read. Highly recommend it to ALL readers.
 I'd like to write a view on the book's quality and not on my political beliefs. Time and time again, Hillary apologizes and admits her short falls. To her, the account of the 2016 election had many factors: hers and outside forces. She never fully blames outside factors nor does she say this book is a full account of everything that caused her loss. Also, she probably finished writing this book before the data on Facebook and its Russian ads went public, so it's no wonder that's not included in the book.<br/><br/>This book includes her view on women's rights and why she didn't focus her campaign on her being the first major-party presidential candidate, and she addresses the question of why she stayed married to her husband. It was love and not some politically motivated tactic.<br/><br/>I like the poetry and quotes included throughout the book. Her humor throughout the book appealed to my nerd personality as my friend said, "only a nerd would read Hillary Clinton on his/her free time." Overall, her book shines light on her being an average American. She was born into the middle-class, loves her family, and goes to the city to watch musicals from time to time. She didn't quite see the necessity for her to show different sides of her throughout the election because she's lived a public life all these years.  Ultimately, she does argue that the vilification she received in the media is unwarranted, and I do agree that other politicians were never treated as poorly as her even when the mistakes were comparable.<br/><br/>On the side note: even these verified purchases seem like a scam because I'm betting they refunded their purchase right after. She admits her shortfalls so frequently that I didn't expect a politician to apologize so much.<br/><br/>Disclaimer: I voted for a Republican in 2008, 2012; I voted for her in 2016, and I'm not a crazed HRC fan. I voted for her because of her political experience and felt that such experience would come with a shorter learning curve (basically, if she got elected, she'd work damn hard as president). From her book, I learned that's why she decided to run. It wasn't out of thirst for power; she was convinced she'd make a darn good President.
 I cried through the whole thing. I didn't know how much I needed this. She is the people's president. Thank you, Hillary, for coming back and sharing your journey with us. We (the majority of voting Americans) missed you.
 This book is very good so far, and I only expect it to get better, it is very cool to read things from her point of view, I only wish she included pictures! It is also very funny, which I wish she would have used more, some of the jokes are pretty funny! I can't wait to finish this book and relive history
 America '16. As always, she's on point and no matter what others say, she's a genius and we didn't deserve her anyways...clearly.
 An unvarnished take on "what happened" during the two years leading up to the election of Donald Trump. Love her or hate her, this is her most honest and vulnerable she has ever been. Good read so far!
 Excellent book - candid and insightful.  Thank you, HRC!!!
 I bought Hillary's new book on Kindle. I am very glad that she wrote it because it narrates her firsthand experience of what it was like to be the first woman to be a candidate of a major political party. I think she does a great job of walking the fine line between her public persona and the private person. She is someone I would like to know. I supported her throughout the election and I deeply regret that our antiquated political system resulted in the unqualified embarrassment being elected despite Hillary receiving nearly 3 million more votes. I just hope that next time we will be successful in getting someone real to represent us in the White House.
 All but two of the 1 star reviews are "verified" purchases.  Read it for yourself and make your up your own mind.  Hillary has been told to "shut up and sit down" but nevertheless, she persisted and now her book is number 1 in all categories.  She gives an honest, though provoking, and thoroughly engaging account of the 2016 election, which, she won the popular vote by 3 million votes - more than any man in history.<br/><br/>Maybe the media should focus more on the people who voted FOR Clinton and less on the ones who didn't.  The real story is why she isn't currently occupying the White House.
 It's articulate and deals in real facts. She is intelligent and makes very mature observations. The trolls are out in full force and a lot of it is Russian, our country needs to listen to this wise woman.
 Great book, witty, funny and sad all at the same time.
 So far, it's fantastic! I read it during work today (shhhh! Don't tell), and can't wait to pick it back up before bed. Her honesty, vulnerability and candor are refreshing. It's great to read about her experience from the heart. She's more relatable than I've ever imagined. Thank you, Hillary.
 As Rodham Clinton notes in the intro it's not a global "what happened" because she's not qualified to give that analysis. Instead, it's her view of what happened. And what a view! She shares what it was like to inhabit so many critical moments in our recent history.
 Absolutely wonderful! Our legitimate 45th president!
 The book I've been waiting for. I wanted to hear it directly from her. She's honest about the campaign and is still sounding the alarm about the dangerous man that's in the White House.
 Brilliant. Just as I expected.
 Those who voted for will love, those who did not will not.  Trolls I'm sure will spam these reviews, never having read the book.
 Ignore the haters!!! This book is great!!!!
 Incredible read from an incredible woman. As amazing as I knew it would be.
 Great book! Very candid. Felt like she really opened up in a way that I haven't heard from her before.
 I thought that I would have to read this book slowly, because it would be too painful to take in at once. But Clinton's writing is as compelling as it has ever been (I've read her two memoirs), and even though it was sometimes a brutal experience, I couldn't put the book down.<br/><br/> She is candid, funny, sincere, and highly introspective. I know that a lot of articles have been written about the paragraphs in which she appears to blame "everyone but herself" for her loss. That's why you shouldn't ever use excerpts to judge a book as a whole.  Hillary Clinton absolutely takes blame here. What I think is the problem for many people, is that she doesn't take ALL of the blame. But I am of the opinion that she shouldn't. I imagine that your opinion on that matter will ultimately determine how you feel about this book.<br/><br/> I'm glad that she wrote this. I think, in the face of the treatment she got from the media and from certain factions on the right and the left, that it was incredibly brave of her to release this. I don't think this country will ever really be ready to admit that they want to hear from her, so I am personally grateful that she went ahead and published this on her own timeline.<br/><br/>Better than I expected. Deeply personal, moving, important.
 Not shockingly, the negative, 1 star reviews are from people who in all likelihood have not read the book (or they are speed-readers) but rather want to come on here &amp; continue the endless witch hunt and vicious attacks that have followed Hillary Clinton since she was First Lady of Arkansas. Trailblazing women have never been especially popular in their lifetimes, especially among male &amp; female "traditionalists."  I'm "still with her" after all these years &amp; Clinton has every right to write a book about "what happened."  She has a unique perspective on this &amp; it should be of interest to all Americans.<br/><br/>So far, I have read part of the book &amp; will now go and read the rest of her insightful take on what happened in 2016, including how sexist, misogynistic, racist, xenophobic views came into play. I look forward to seeing her live on her book tour when she comes to my town &amp; will be buying more copies to give as gifts.<br/><br/>UPDATE:  I am now a little more than halfway through the book &amp; am learning that this is much more than a postmortem of the 2016 election.  She also speaks about what Democrats &amp; our leaders generally need to consider when making policy going forward.  It's really a powerful way to present the material and still so well organized.  She reveals a very personal side to her story towards the beginning of the book--more than I have ever heard &amp; I've followed her life pretty closely since she became first lady.  Her writing style and "voice" is gripping and unvarnished in a way that she could never be while speaking on the campaign trail nor as a public official.  Hillary has always been a policy wonk--whether it was popular or not.  She has always listened to real people who are struggling for various reasons, and then tried to problem solve and come up with practical solutions that she could actually "sell" to the other side.  Yes, I became emotional a number of times while reading the book, once again reliving the pain that we would not have this brilliant, responsible leader as our President.  But the book just convinces me further that Hillary needs to stay with us &amp; we need to stay with her--her wisdom and lawyerly (fact &amp; evidence-based) ways are sorely needed in today's political world.  I just wish everyone could read this book with an open mind &amp; then discuss it with others.  (But unfortunately reading and civilized debate has gone out of style &amp; has been replaced by ultra-extremist, inflexible people who won't admit to mistakes.)  Ironically, Hillary is much harder on herself throughout the book than some have said she would be (again, did these people read the book??).  She takes a hard look at what has been said about her and how she's been treated, examines why that might be (including allowing that some Americans are absolutely right to be disgruntled after the Great Recession and that she has made multiple mistakes along the way), turns over the issue itself to examine that, and then finally comes to her own conclusion based on years of experience, knowledge, and obvious research.  The thorough chapter on "emails" is the carefully reasoned and analyzed piece that needed to be written by the mainstream media but never was, and is based on actual evidence and facts.  One can almost imagine Hillary late at night reading on the Internet--both the good and the bad that's been said about her, taking it to heart, and responding in the pages of this book.  I love this book &amp; really don't want it to end.  I've been trying not to read the entire thing at once for that reason, but boy did I love her section on Sisterhood.  She nailed our problems with gender, sexism, misogyny in this section far better than I even thought she would!  She even referred to new terminology like "intersectional feminism" and "mansplaining."  And I also appreciate that she devoted a significant portion of the book discussing gun violence prevention and her discussions with Mothers of the Movement.
 Amazing, honest, and she spoke freely. Her best book so far.
 Very personal and raw account based on her feelings and interpretations of the election.  I've been looking forward to this release and it did not disappoint! For those giving it a bad review, how can you harshly judge someone's PERSONAL / firsthand account of one of the most contentious elections in our modern American history?  While I ask that rhetorically, the answer lies in the pages of the book...
 I'm only on the third chapter, received it yesterday. If I had more time, I probably would not put it down at all! It's engaging, honest and sharp. Seriously have teared up twice already. Highly recommend the read, for those that know how.
 I am so glad Hillary has a chance in this book to take off the veneer of politeness and really examine what happened in the 2016 campaign, what she went through. The amount of vile sexism and propaganda she had to endure was so harsh and unfair. I know my young daughter was disheartened that she lost, as were many women and young girls. She does examine her failures and shortcomings, and the book gives hope to other young women to not give up and keep getting involved in government so we can have a voice. It's a must read for her candid take. Thank you, Hillary
 Reading it on my Kindle now, but I'm so very glad she wrote this.  We need to know her honest take on these last two years.  It can't have been easy, but she's a courageous and honorable woman.
 Open, honest, heartfelt evaluation of every aspect of the election.  Definitely, thought provoking and interesting.  A remarkable women, our loss.
 There is nobody on earth who has the experience, the insight, the ability of Hillary Rodham Clinton. Her book will be studied for years to come, as it should be. She is exceptional, and so is What Happened.
 This book is a treasure. It had to be written and I am grateful she did. She is brutally honest, on point, takes full responsability for her shortcomings, &amp; HER take on WHAT HAPPENED. For anyone who ever wanted to see Hillary behind the caricature that the media &amp; right wingers have created - THIS is the book for you.<br/>Honest, assertive, no stone left unturned.
 Amazing insight into HRC's experience as the nominee in 2016.
 Amazing book - highly recommend!! She goes deep into how she felt, her thoughts, her achievements and even her failures during the 2016 campaign and aftermath. Be prepared to get misty if you're still with her - she's with us too.
 An honest, emotional book.  It was different from what I expected.... More personal, more thoughtful. I liked how she wove literature and history in throughout while sharing her perspective on events.  A must-read for her many fans.
 It is a candid look at Sen. Clinton written with honesty, self-reflection and insight into the election. There is little doubt the thought of  her Presidency terrified Putin. She is a strong, capable patriot. It is unfortunate she did not show this side of her personality during the election, instead choosing restraint and good manners. It is an excellent and timely read. I ordered more copies as gifts.
 A book has to be really good to make me want to race to the gym so that I can start reading on the treadmill. Well, this was and I did. What a pleasure it’s been to see Hillary veer from the restrained personality we’ve come to know and finally express her deepest feelings….the regret, the fact that she always will feel she let down her supporters, the sadness, the anger, the resolve, her reliance upon her family and dearest friends in times of need. And yes, even humor. She lets us see the real woman, not the practiced diplomat/candidate. One chapter addresses the little gossipy things that go on while on the campaign trail: What does the team talk about, (food, food, food), how are they effected by the non-stop pace (sometimes they'd forget which state they’d been in the day before), how do you pack for almost non-stop travel, where and how does the cost-cutting kick in, the shared celebrations, holidays, sad times, the intense debate prep (WOW!) and how it plays out during practice times, etc.<br/><br/>That being out of the way, there are other chapters with detailed analyses of issues such as gun control (and specific tragedies), voters, demographics, gender differences (expectations and public response). The discussion of Flint, Michigan’s water crisis and how it has impacted children in particular brought tears to my eyes. She shares the huge disappointment that she lost while winning the popular vote and that this is compounded by the person she lost to….which makes it far more than a disappointment as we’re seeing almost daily. The facts and figures detailing voter suppression are chilling and send out a wake-up call for any doubters.<br/><br/>Naysayers will call Hillary whiney, trash the book….often without opening the first page….and wish that she fades away, which she’s not going to do. But like anyone else, including those who have lost prior elections, Hillary Rodham Clinton has the right to publish her memoir and she’s done so in an immensely readable, intelligent, reflective, book. Those almost 500 pages flew by.…as did each day’s time on the treadmill.
 Brilliant as expected.
 Unlike so many negative reviews on this site, I actually ordered the book from Amazon and read it!  I could not put it down and I have more respect for Hillary than ever before!  This woman has been vilified in so many ways.  I truly hope that Trump is exposed for who he really is.  Everything that Hillary touched on - Comey, Trump, Russia, and Bernie - I thought the very same thing!  In the end, Hillary deserved better and America certainly deserved better than Trump!
 Unbelievably honest! Emotional and poignant. I loved her anyway but love her more now.
 I just got it today and can't put it down. She is so honest and candid and real. I wish that had come across during the campaign more....she is and always has been an inspiration to me. I am so enjoying getting to know her more!
 Very insightful, to those who never gave her a chance, read it and regret not listening when you should have been.
 I pre-ordered the book half because I wanted to support her, and half because I refuse to let haters dominate the narrative.<br/><br/>But this book exceeded my expectations. It was well written, at points funny, and real. When she wrote about holding her composure the day after, as she as been trained for decades &amp; is good at doing, yet with every sobbing friend she had to fight back a wave of sadness, I feel that wave of sadness with her. I remember the times I had to fight back my emotions and hold my composure. I think of the absurd, insatiable double standard applied to professional women, where you're either "emotional/hormonal/crazy" or "robot/ice queen/not real", while a man with the same qualities is either "passionate/energetic/charismatic" or "calm/composed/leadership-material".<br/>It's frustrating. But this is now a fight that we have to take upon ourselves to continue. If we don't keep fighting for ourselves no one will fight for us.<br/>Double standard and misogyny doesn't just come from men, much like progressivism &amp; egalitarianism doesn't just come from women. Feminism needs a new coalition, that's not just drawn along gender lines. As the book repeatedly mentioned there are many, many men who are supportive of women's rights as equal human beings deserving of opportunities, men who desire women that can be partners in life to build a better future together, who don't see everything as a zero sum game and assume better life for women means worse life for men. We need to reach out to more of them. Offer them the better future that doubled talents can create.<br/>2016 set us back at least another decade or two. But if we fight smart, maybe in our lifetime, someone, someday, will break that highest glass ceiling.<br/>I admire Hillary, and I thank her for being the pioneer that fights for women's opportunities, knowing and despite the hate that comes with being a pioneer.
 A very compelling read!  What a brilliant woman.  Our country would be in a better place now if "What Happened" had a different ending.
 Inspired is how I felt after reading this book. While things don't always go how we want them, after reading this I felt the need to keep pushing. Thanks Hillary!
 Great personal history of her perspective.  Ignore reviews from people who haven't actually bought and read the book
 This woman is a mentor. This book is everything I thought it would be. I would know. I actually read it. Unlike it seems many of the commentators on this board. I hope she continues to be in the public eye for young girls everywhere. This book will be something I pass down to my daughter.
 this is an important book.  wish it was mandatory reading.
 Hillary gets to write a book! And it's great! This review is written by someone who actually OWNS and READ the book!!
 Far more balanced book than many of the snippets heard in early articles led you to believe.<br/><br/>I have actually read the book, unlike a lot of the reviewers here. As of my current count, there are 276 verified purchaser positive reviews, to 6 verified negative. So most of the people who are commenting negatively haven't read the book.<br/><br/>The book is introspective, and she does blame herself, even in situations where she shouldn't, IMHO. But there is righteous anger laced all the way through - I'm just surprised it isn't more evident. I feel like I am more angry about her treatment at the hands of the media than she is.
 Phenomenal book from a phenomenal woman.<br/>Some of us actually read it.<br/>Some of us obviously are simply bashing.<br/>Read it. It's worth it.
 Brilliant!!!  Reading this was like watching Downton Abbey.  It's like Word Candy!  Love to see how supportive many Republican's were.  That was a surprise.  It's great to know people still care more about America than party.  Buying the audio version tomorrow!
 We. Were. So. Close.
 I've just read the first two chapters. I've cried, I've laughed and been inspired. Frankly, those that gave it less than 3 stars are just mean spirited.
 I bought both the hardcover and audible. It is especially moving to have her read it. So far, it is a very insightful book. Most of the negative reviews obviously have not read the book, they are spammers that appear on everything Hillary-related. She clearly didn't blame everyone else for her losing the election. First and foremost she blamed herself. She talked about what she would do differently. But overall she believes in the future and what we can do to fix the problems we are having today going forward.  Hillary went through these accounts with some very personal touch that express both of what went through her mind and how she felt. She is frank, and definitely not holding back.
 So well written with humor and grace!
 Finally, the truth.
 Great read!
 Straight from the heart, but also with that wisdom shining through that proves she always wanted to help this country. I thoroughly enjoyed and needed this to help me personally go forward with what's happened, because I'm still angry at the political media, (FN) for brainwashing so many people in this country, pushing their agendas by blatantly giving misleading and false 'news'. We've got to make higher education more readily available to combat this problem, because there is a connection.
 I read just as fast the all the 1-star reviews, therefore my opinion counts! Hillary all the way!
 Excellent book that needed to be written. It's time to join forces and move forward.
 My grandfather was a Republican politician but I was raised by a single mom and thus always acutely understood that the Democratic party ensures the social safety net that preserves upward mobility in America. Hillary was my candidate because she embodied the progressive values that my personal experience had instilled. This book is candid, heartfelt, and completely undermines the narrative that Sec. Clinton should just go away for the sake of the party's future. Voters did not reject her. She was highly qualified and well-prepared to lead our country.  The majority of Americans wanted her ro lead our country. She is a critically relevant voice in planning the future. She is a hero to millions of Americans across the country. Partisan attacks, Internet trolls, and Russian malfeasance can't change that.
 Insightful, painful, honest, and humorous at times in all the right ways about one of the greatest political tragedies in our lifetime. Setting the record straight, Hillary tells it like it is in this humanizing account of the election that changed the course of American history. A true patriot, she remains hopeful that we as a nation will get it right, and so does this reader. This is an excellent read into the mind of one of this nation's greatest leaders. Thank you for this personal account, Hillary Rodham Clinton. You are a patriot in every sense of the word.
 It is a very personal introspective look at her life during and since the election. Hillary is speaking from her heart candidly and is sensitive to the words she uses and ideas she projects. I am enjoying this book very much! I highly recommend people buy and read it.
 As a storyteller and a woman who has made history several times over, I enjoy reading Clinton's take on the crazy election of 2016.  I lived through it, and I still don't fully understand what happened.  This book helps shed some light.  I understand many people are trying to review the book without actually reading it.  I think it behooves us all to give it a read and find out before we make any judgement calls.
 Still reading but so far great book! I am glad to see that you are a fighter.
 This book is an amazing opening into the fantastic mind of one of the greatest women of the current era. I stayed up all night reading her account of the horrendous events of last year. I disagree with many of the other reviewers- Clinton is vulnerable and refreshingly candid about her own personal failings. This book left me screaming- why is this incredible,insightful, inspiring woman not the leader of the free world? Clinton elegantly answers my lament, however, her book only further highlights the horrible injustice of her defeat.
 Hillary is an excellent writer - her recounting of the most arduous U.S. election in recent history it's s a wonderful contribution to political arena literature. She lets you into her deep thoughts, wisdom and humor in an engaging way. All the people who are giving it 1 star are doing it out of hate, not out of the content of the book.
 I am thrilled with Hillary's book.  It is down to earth and reflects on much of her campaign and how it was run, but also brings up the world of politics which is beneficial to anyone that reads it and the history of politics in general. It is a good read and I would recommend this book to everyone that cares about presidential elections.<br/><br/>In her book, "Time is the coin  of your life, You spend it.<br/>Do not allow others to spend it for you.<br/><br/>I would rather read this book for myself than many media outlets trying to hit on the sensational and get it as it happened instead of a columnist attempting to put it in their words which many times indicates a lack of understanding and only tries to go for the jugular to promote their own viewpoint and interests. I am sure there will be others that are not her supporters but belong to the other two campaigns that will try and  try and smear her and this book.  They are the ones to feel sorry for.  I am still with her.  No one should rate this book unless they have read it cover to cover.<br/><br/>65,844,610 votes! That's What happened....  the only candidate to win the popular vote as much as Hillary Clinton did and not win the presidency .  History making.
 Very well written. Direct and clear language, straight to the facts but also reflects raw emotion and wonder at the historical event of Election 2017. The author's sense of duty to her country jumps out of the page. And that is just the preface. I wonder if I'll get pass that, given my own, still very raw feelings about the issues in this book.  It is a very emotional read for those of us still struggling with the results of the 2017 presidential election. And then there are the "bad reviews" already here, which only help to heighten the sense of urgency and the importance of Ms. Rodham's book.  Unfortunately, as a female, because of widespread public speech as in these comments, combined with the recent electoral results, I no longer feel safe in this country.
 This book is a candid account of the 2016 election from the first woman to be nominated for president by a major party in the United States. Like her or not, Hillary Clinton is a historical figure, and it is valuable to have her side of the story as one of the major players in the most earth-shattering, consequential election in modern times. Clinton takes responsibility for her loss, while detailing the many other interrelated factors that contributed to the result. She was a candidate under attack from multiple fronts, both foreign and domestic. One of the major dynamics of the campaign that has been largely ignored in the media since November is the rampant sexism and misogyny that led tens of millions of Americans to vote for an admitted sexual predator over arguably the most qualified person ever to run for president. Clinton delves into this, and what it means for the thousands of women inspired to follow in her footsteps and run for office at every level. Now retired from electoral politics, Hillary Clinton has the freedom to let her guard down, show her vulnerable side, and say some things she's been dying to say for years. This makes for an incredibly compelling read that is highly recommended for both admirers of Hillary Clinton and followers of US politics in general.
 it is a great... especially listening to Hillary read it via audible..  the book talks about how the most damaging election ion modern history happened and how we can fight it.  It will make you laugh, cry, feel outraged and inspired.
 #imstillwithher
 Haters aside...  This book gives the reader deep insight into how Hillary Clinton views politics, and the major events of the 2016 election.
 for refusing to be silenced.
 Hillary has put together a fascinating analysis of  the 2016 election, complete with humor and heart. Despite what some critics are claiming, she never shirks responsibility. An honest examination of what happened includes a look at more than the candidate's missteps - in any election, but even more so in an election where a significant number of people decided that arbitrary purity tests were more important than stopping fascism; where unprecedented governmental and foreign actions were taken against a candidate on one side, while unprecedented air time and fawning interviews were given on the other. There are factors (see: Putin &amp; Comey) that Democrats can't control. But there are factors that we can control - like being careful not to be swept up by hero worship, not allowing ourselves to be driven by disappointment at losing a primary into political self-immolation, being prepared for unprecedented interference, etc.<br/>A very good book.
 Brilliant, thoughtful, funny, inspiring. Couldn't put it down and will likely reread several times! Secretary Clinton goes into detail about the campaign in a way that is surprising, gratifying, and incredibly engaging.
 Intrigued by the reviews so far. Like most of my fellow conservatives, I'm not a fan of Hillary. But, in any case, that doesn't necessarily mean there's nothing to be gained from reading. Irrespect of political opinion, she's one of the most accomplished women in our country. Understanding &gt; close mindedness
 Far better than Clinton's prior efforts -- probably because she's no longer constrained by political calculations. She's definitely a more interesting writer when she feels liberated. Whereas her prior efforts could be stilted, and surface level, this memoir is engaging, in-depth, and darkly funny at times. Clinton is candid about the challenges she faced - some of her own making, many outside her control. While Clinton supporters will no doubt find this account inspirational, it is, in my opinion, a worthwhile read for anyone willing to give it a fair shake. Of course, the account of the campaign is biased, but Clinton never pretends otherwise. The full account of 2016 will be written in the future by historians with more distance, but this is a fascinating account and a good read.
 Great book! Read it in one sitting.  She takes you on the roller coaster of the campaign along with what to do in the future .
 Funny that the trolls that didn't actually buy this book are reviewing it. Amazon... tsk tsk.. Of they didn't buy it, they shouldn't be allowed to review it. It's a great book I actually bought it
 I got the Kindle version and just finished reading. I loved the book, the story, the TRUTH. As you can see, there are many hateful people who feel they can spew their hatred in the form of a book review. That is IMPOTENT anger! The story needed to be told and certainly she has the right and duty to do so. Russia interfered in a U.S. election and we ALL should be outraged and work to make sure we punish Putin and make sure this never happens again. Trump is destructing our sacred institutions and you may wonder why he is not hiring agency leaders and why those leaders who were hired are dismantling their agencies. Trump is accruing power, so that he can make as much money as he can raping our country. Republicans and Democrats should be fighting to save our country before it is too late. Had Clinton won with Russian help, she AND Republicans would have done everything they could to make sure it never happened again. I learned too much about our country from the last election.<br/><br/>I am thrilled with Ms. Clinton's book and glad to know that she had the "audacity" to write it and to tell her story. Keep it up and never surrender. I'll read anything you write.
 Unlike most of these reviewers, I actually bought the book.  Whether you like or don't like Hillary Clinton, the book reads as a remarkably self reflecting first person account of the campaign.  It is a highly readable account of the election and an enjoyable read.
 After being criticized for not being open, Hillary opens her heart and speaks her mind about her historic run for the presidency. It is an enjoyable read that offers many lessons for anyone trying to do something that hasn't been done before.
 An astounding book by an astounding woman who won the popular vote in the 2016 election.
 Sec Clinton does an amazing job recounting her experience running as the first female nominee for president from a major party.
 The Vietnam war was escalating, and when the next draft was announced, Bernie applied for a conscientious objector deferment. His deferment was denied, so he dodged the draft by having a kid out of wedlock in 1969 with his new girlfriend, Susan Mott, even though he STILL wasn’t working, and had no way to support the child. By the time his draft number came up, he was too old to be drafted anyway. He continued to subsist on odd carpentry jobs and unemployment checks, and occasionally selling $15 articles, including the one about how women fantasize about gang rape. He still refused to get a steady job to support his child. His girlfriend left him. In 1988 he married Jane Driscoll, and took a cold-war era honeymoon in communist USSR. His new wife supported Bernie financially through his many attempts to win a public office, and shared his radical leftist political views. They visited the pro-Soviet Sandinista Government in Nicaragua known for their human rights violations, support for anti-American terrorists, and the imprisonment and exile of opponents. Bernie blindly overlooked the carnage to stand with fellow socialists. They traveled to Cuba in hopes of meeting Bernie’s hero Fidel Castro, but access to him was denied.<br/><br/>Bernie Sanders managed not to hold a full-time job his entire life or vote in a single election, until he finally ran for Mayor of Burlington at the age of 40. After several failed elections, he finally won the office of Mayor of Burlington, VT, and eventually a Senate seat, which he has managed to keep off and on. For all of his years representing Vermont, Bernie Sanders passed a total of three bills, and two of them were for naming post offices. He’s a draft-dodging deadbeat dad, a globe-trotting communist dilettante, and a petulant detractor of hard-working honorable Democrats. His one skill is yelling about how unfair the world is, and how everything SHOULD be. But he has no plans for how to make it happen, and no idea what goes on in the rest of the world or how to deal with problems overseas. His excuse for not having a foreign policy or national security plank on his platform: “I’ve only been campaigning for three months.” His socialist friends are bitter about what they see as a betrayal of their values by Bernie’s pursuit of the Democratic nomination. His former wife and girlfriend run when they see reporters and will not speak to the press. Bernie’s past, including a brief stint living in a kibbutz in Israel is cloaked in secrecy. Former employees and coworkers describe him as hostile and belligerent. All of the Democrats in Vermont’s government have endorsed Hillary Clinton. The people who know Bernie best cannot stand him. His supporters cannot explain how he is qualified to be president.
 I love reading what happened during the election through her eyes. It is very insightful and very well written. Remember there were two men smearing one woman and SHE BEAT THEM BOTH!!!!!  by millions
 I started this book last night! and finished it today  Great Book and she talks about it all  and is Honest! I couldn't put it down.
 Ordered my copy, and my mother's copy.
 I started reading "What Happened" yesterday and find myself totally engrossed and engaged. While I looked forward to reading about Hillary's perception of her unsuccessful run for POTUS, I am delighted at her authenticity, candor and wonderful and sometimes dark sense of humor. While I voted for her, it's taken this book to help me understand just how unjustly she was treated and what a huge loss this is for our country. I am so grateful to have this opportunity to see a more humanized version of this amazingly talent woman.
 Great book
 
 Thank you Secretary Clinton for writing your truth and really so many of us have that same truth. I have the hard copy and the audible. Hearing you speak the words only adds to the experience. We, your 65 million supporters have been dealing with so many of the same things. I personally felt responsibility as well for the loss. The book is poignant, heartfelt and it opens the door even wider on dealing with the misogyny and sexism and discrimination in our own party. Keep Speaking out. We need you more than ever.
 I agree with the NYT review; this really did feel like many books instead of just one.  I loved it and found it so honest and heartfelt.  Such a remarkable, learned, woman and scholar.  I'll never understand and still after reading this, continue to not understand the hatred so many felt towards her.
 I am now reading this book and so far I give it an A+...everything about Hillary interest me, so I just had to buy this book.  So far I'm not disappointed..
 Heartfelt and heartbreaking.
 This book is so interesting.  It is wonderful to hear in detail how she saw and reacted to all the hundreds of little crazy things that went on throughout this election. Excellent read if you paid any attention to that election!
 In Hillary's loss, America lost a most qualified candidate.
 A good and painful read for Clinton fans. However she takes her time to take us through what she thinks caused her upsetting defeat.
 As someone who actually purchased and read this book (unlike most of the one-star, troll-written reviews here), I found this book to be an honest and deeply personal post-mortem of the 2016 Presidential election and subsequent events, detailing how Ms. Clinton coped and somehow regained hope for our future as a country.  I recommend this book to those who found themselves devastated by the election, as it offers valuable perspective on where we can go from here.
 I know the deplorables will not even read her book and rate it badly. It is a remarkable narrative of an election that will not ever be forgotten in American history. It is also is insight into a kind of madness that seemed to take hold of the body politic from her viewpoint. A must read.
 I will update my review as I complete the book, but so far it is amazing. Clear, concise, reflective, insightful, extremely honest and accessible. As she says in her introduction, this is *her* account of what happened -- and given her reputation of being overly analytical, we shouldn't be surprised that she offers incisive analysis.  Excellent read from the only woman to stand in her place in history.
 For those of us who believed in her &amp; voted for her, this is a wonderful read. For those who never liked her and never will than any negative comments are probably from people who haven't read it and don't intent to. Thanks to Amazon &amp; their awesome pre-ordering...I got it and am reading it ! It's awesome ! If you have an open mind, read it before criticizing it. Reviews here are meant to be helpful for buyers who haven't made up their minds yet and they should really be by those who have made a purchase.
 This should be required reading for every American. Not only is it a humanizing account of the campaign from the first woman EVER nominated by a major party for POTUS, but it consistently calls to mind the critical issues facing our political system today. Hillary isn't going away folks, and one day, we will thank her for it.
 Only part way through, but great read - Hillary Clinton deserves to be heard!
 There was definitely no sexism towards Hillary, either during the election or now, months after! None whatsoever! If you want proof, just read all the one star reviews by people who couldn't possibly have read the book yet.<br/>There is no one in a better position to tell us "What Happened" than Hillary. The fact that so many misogynists are still out there screaming that there was no sexism in the election and Hillary should go away is proof that this book is important and necessary. Buy it. Read it. Write a review. We sadly can't have Secretary Clinton as our President, but we can learn how to better run and elect other women in the future in the face of these challenges.
 Wonderfully written, thoughtful, and funny. Hillary will be remembered as an American icon. I really wish people would have taken the time to see this Hillary.
 Insightful and thoughtful read. These bad reviews are by people who haven't read and only dislike her because they have been trained to do so. She is on the right side of history.
 'What Happened' takes the reader/listener behind the scenes of this historic election. It is candid, funny, and heartbreaking. It fills me with pride and regret. Hillary Clinton would have made an excellent president.
 Just received today and have already read the first three chapters. I like it but I was raised around strong, intelligent women so I am not intimidated by them. I can't wait to read the rest.
 Started reading the book this morning. Unfortunately I had to put it down to go to work, else I would be sitting here all day reading. This is an incredible book, by an incredible woman. History will treat you kindly Madam Secretary.  Thank you for giving us hope in a time where it seems so hopeless. Thank you for dedicating your life to helping others.
 Amazing info. I knew a lot. But just makes me respect her even more!!
 Review from a VERIFIED PURCHASER!<br/>Please, When making your decisions based on reviews, use VERIFIED PURCHASE reviews!! Trolls Abound! Seems that there are an abundance of people out there who feel that women are not allowed to have an opinion, nor tell a story from their point of view, nor write a book about it. Typical misogyny. Or is it jealousy, and the instinct by bullies and narcissists to tear down others when they are envious and see that the attention is being taken away from them??<br/><br/>As of the writing of this review, only 3 of the 1-star ratings are from Verified Purchasers, whereas 129+ of the 5-star ratings are from Verified purchases!!<br/><br/>This book has been long awaited, and since arriving on my Audible account and by Kindle this morning I am into the 9th chapter. Very engaging, honest, heart-wrenching to hear the words narrated by Hillary herself.
 Extremely well-written, funny, biting, insightful, truthful and hopeful. This is an important insight into the election and the perspective of the first female candidate for a major party who got more votes than any white male candidate. Years from now when people look back at this point in our history, this book will be required reading. Even Chris Hayes remarked that it was good and the negative hype about it was wrong. Hillary pulls no punches on all the contributing factors and offers a rare look inside what it was like to run in the most divisive time in our country when a man who could brag about assaulting women and mock the disabled gained access to the nuclear codes while being baited with a tweet. If you are tired, keep going. If you are scared, keep going. If you are hungry, keep going. If you want to taste freedom, keep going ~ Harriet Tubman (as quoted in the book). Resist! Persist! Still we Rise!
 I just got this and read it to the detriment of all my other responsibilities today. I was concerned at the potential tone, as some of the pre-release talk hasn't been all that flattering.<br/><br/>But all that talk was misleading. This is terrific. She's honest, and not afraid to look at her mistakes. She's open, and the person I always knew was there shines through.<br/><br/>She's also right in her warning and concern. Many years from now, when this country has finally rid itself of the foul odor of the current administration, people will ask, why did America toss Hillary to the side?<br/><br/>The answer will be a combination. First, we were taken by a crappy reality star, and second, there are still a lot of hate-filled people in our nation.<br/><br/>The future will note that,  but still be baffled at why we chose the clown over her.<br/><br/>ETA, I am nearly done with the kindle version. But in reading the reviews, there are a lot of positive comments about the audio, so I purchased the audio version, and am heading off to listen to her tell her own story. The best kind of story is told in the words of the person living it. Thank you to the reviewers who mentioned this.
 I started reading "What Happened" late last night (delivered on Kindle). The first couple of chapters alone reveal her humanity in the face of her surprise (and unfortunate) election defeat--there is no other takeaway than this. People who say otherwise haven't read the book, have a political axe to grind and/or have some "issues."<br/><br/>Her narrative as to what happened from her perspective--as we watched it all unfold--is welcome, refreshing and very much needed. I am very much looking forward to reading the rest of it!
 This book gives us the inside look almost like being there.<br/>Many of us saw this all happening in real time and reading her view of it is vitally important.
 So happy to see Hillary being frank, candid, and reflective on 2016. I happily supported her, and am endlessly impressed by this book and her post-election openness.
 I was not eager to relive the pain of last year's election, but Secretary Clinton lays it out in such a clear, personal way. I am listening to it on Audible and am enjoying it immensely. I was a Clinton supporter and voter and will forever grieve what kind of progress our country could have made if she were in the White House. What a loss for the world. Terrific and important historical memoir of the first female presidential candidate from a major party and the second highest winner of the most votes since Obama. Bravo, Hillary. What an inspiration.
 This book gets very good early reviews and promises to make a valuable contribution to understanding the strangest campaign in modern history from one of the two key players. In keeping with the vindictiveness and anti-intellectualism of the campaign, Trolls appear on the day the book is released to trash Clinton with no apparent acquaintance with the book. Typical. The Trolls sealed my determination to read this book now.
 I was in tears through the book. Beautifully written, honest and authentic.<br/>Please ignore the one star reviews. They're just mad because she's popular, well liked and still very much relevant. And by the way Bernie's book never broke the top 20.
 Honest, frank, witty, inspirational. Hillary Clinton continues to encourage us to believe in the "art of making what seems impossible, possible." Her intimate look at 2016 is insightful and important. I encourage any one who cares about democracy, decency, or the future to read it.
 Great book, lots of personal stories, insightful and authentic.
 This is a candid, smart, funny and well written account by an inspirational woman with an important story to tell.  As one of the more than 65 million people who voted for her, I'm glad she decided to write this and recommend it highly to everyone.  It was a pleasure to read.
 Possibly the most insightful autobiography of political failure ever written.
 "She really is the one that got away." 5 stars for the book. 1 star for our country. SMH.
 Honest, raw, funny, instructive, pragmatic, realistic account of the 2016 primaries, general election and where we are today in 2017. The chilling reality of where Democracy stands today is tempered with a clear eyed road map of what we can do to survive now.
 I just purchased today and have read the first 100 pages. I'll be back to update after I finish.  I'm enjoying Hillary's very candid account of her thoughts and experiences during and after the election.  So far it's very cathartic for me.
 Informative &amp; brutally-honest account from the first female presidential candidate for a major US political party.
 I found her book to be very honest, intelligent and a good read no matter what party you are affiliated with. Yes, she tells her view of what she went through but even more compelling she gave some excellent information about parts of our country's history and some interesting ideas going forward. She would have made a thoughtful, compassionate and outstanding president.
 It's amazing that HRC is able to pen Her-story so authentically in the face of an electorate that is so blinded by hate. It's amazing that the electorate is so rabidly unwilling to be objective in analyzing this autobiographical 'truth' of one of the most capable politicians in American history and the tragic consequences of the outrageously sexist and racist society we live in. Reading "What Happened" reinforces my position that 'I REMAIN with her'!
 If you are disposed to hating HRC, no reasoning is possible. If you are a supporter of HRC, no reason is necessary. Hillary Clinton's lifelong story of service will become a part of American history that our grandchildren will embrace. A strong, intellectual woman who devoted her life to public service who, in a fair contest, would have become our 45th president and our first woman president. Unfortunately, the contest was not fair and the result is the now diminished stature of our country vis a vis our allies and our opponents. Hillary continually addresses her mistakes and takes ownership as any person with character and class would do so reflexively. "Reviews" which argue that she blames all but herself are written by individuals too physically and intellectually lazy to have read this inspiring and informative description of our American political system and what it has become in our time.Perhaps, after we awaken from our current nightmare we can embrace a new day when we elect our leaders based upon their abundance of competence and character not in spite of their lack of same. This book should be required reading for any political science class as a great overview of the election of 2016.
 I opened it up the moment I got home and I'm blown away by her warmth and candor. I was in tears immediately and love the glimpse into her many relationships across the aisle. As always, she's inspiring. I hope she's chanting with us at the next Women's March.
 This woman is amazing. Eloquent, poised, down to earth, caring and SMART. I couldn't put this book down. Hillary, we needed this book just as much as you did. I've never admired someone more than I admire you. THANK YOU Hillary!!!!!! #OnwardTogether
 Over 100 pages in and eager to wake each morning to read more.  This is not exactly what I expected, certainly because of the media focus on what they describe as "blaming".  There is zero sense of that as I read;  more like a good friend walking me through how she experienced the last two years.
 It's too bad that people who clearly have not read the book are permitted to junk up the ratings system here with their hate-filled tirades and lies. For those who are interested in a legitimate review from an actual reader, What Happened is an expression of Hillary Clinton in an extremely vulnerable time in her life. She clearly poured her heart out on every page. What shines through is her resilient nature, her fantastic sense of humor and a candid toughness in calling out nonsense, as well as a genuine desire to be of service to the American people and women everywhere. I have enormous respect for her as a woman and leader, now, after reading this fascinating book, more so than ever. It is not only an important historical document but an inspiring call to action.
 I'm only partway through the book but I can assure you that it is brutally honest, moving and well written. Not self-serving or denying her own flaws and mistakes, as these one star 'reviews' would have you think. (The trolls apparently miraculously read the book minutes after it was released!) Read it for yourself. It will make you angry and sad, but also inspired by Hillary's inner strength. Ignore the trolls posting here who have obviously not read the book.<br/><br/>9/13 I have to add that the comments on my initial review verify the utter ignorance of the trolls, who have obviously not read the book and just view this book review page as yet another outlet for their hate and stupidity. Post on, trolls! Roll out your tired tropes (Benghazi! Emails! Snowflake!)<br/>To those with open minds: judge the book on its merits and/or flaws.<br/>K
 I appreciate Hillary Clinton and all that she has given to this country. I enjoyed reading this book, I actually couldn't stop reading.<br/>We should learn a lesson so that what happened in 2016 won't be repeated in 2020 (read foreign countries meddling in elections, FBI commenting on investigations that are close while not saying a peep on open investigations -on Trump's campaign. Appalling, fake news -Breitbart, Fox News and co....).
 My copy arrived yesterday, and I am absorbed by it. Despite the misogyny that still runs rampant in our country, she retains her grace and her goodness. What she has been though would make any kind and sensitive person cry.  This is a remarkable telling of her life In her words on her terms as a candidate in a brutal political and social environment.  I pray it will inform the next women who has the extraordinary courage to run for President in our hate-filled country.
 Hillary Rodham Clinton is one of the most intelligent, knowledgeable and accomplished presidential candidates EVER.  This living document in her own voice is candidly and sensitively told.  This book is and will continue to be an important part of history and should be used to learn of how we failed as Americans.
 Here's a trick -- sort by verified purchases and then isolate 5 star reviews. 109/115 verified purchases gave 5/5 stars as of this review. I love it based on the first thirty pages -- very moving to hear Clinton describe so many of the same painful feelings I felt during this time. I will update this review when I am finished.
 I got the audible version before the book. I wanted to hear her story in her voice. Definitely worth it. It was well-written, very insightful, and clear-headed. America lost when HRC didn't win the Electoral college vote. There is something truly wrong when the popular vote winner--that's 3 million more votes!!--isn't now our commander-in-chief.
 Great book by our rightful POTUS!
 There is only one person who can tell us what it felt like to be Hillary Clinton in the 2016 campaign, and that's Hillary Clinton, herself. The louder people yell that she shouldn't get to tell her story, the more you wonder what everyone else has to hide. Hillary has nothing to hide. Devastatingly honest, and written from the heart. You can't know the whole story of the 2016 election without reading this book.
 Not as honest/raw as some reviews claimed. Some parts of the book are certainly more personal than typical books by politicians, but HRC is still a very influential public figure- I am sure the writing was restrained relative to her true thoughts and feelings after the election. The book is not an angry tirade. In fact, I'd say it's not angry enough about certain aspects of the campaign. Nevertheless, I enjoyed learning about the campaign strategy and vision, and the issues that HRC grappled with during the campaign, from her perspective. I also learned about the operation behind the campaign, from staff members to a typical daily schedule on the campaign trail, to HRC's favorite foods.<br/><br/>As a young woman, I was moved by the chapter on sexism in politics. I hope it helps people understand just how difficult it is for women to navigate the political scene without experiencing some form of harassment or criticism about looks/voice/femininity. I left the book with a renewed sense of respect for HRC and other women politicians.
 Regardless of how oh feel about Secretary Clinton, this is a huge eye opener for all Americans. I strongly suggest taking a step back from the personal views and take a second to put your self in a presidential candidates shoes. Very historical read.
 The same misogyny that was one of the contributors to her being defeated in the presidential campaign is now leading people to trash her book one day after it comes out.  They are one and the same.  She has a right to speak, and congratulations, Hillary, for your strength and for being willing to communicate with people in a medium other than twitter. The intellectual elite, i.e. people who read books, will enjoy it.
 I'm grateful Hillary decided to write this book. I'm grateful that despite many people who just want her to go away and shut up, she decided to push forward. For those of us who supported her through the years, we needed this. Though bittersweet at time (ok lots of times), I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. Once you start, you won't be able to put it down. I continue to be inspired by her work and her words.
 This book is wonderful! Brilliantly written,  articulately stated, and you feel the emotion of the campaign and Madam Secretary Clinton's stunning defeat. God bless Hillary Clinton! Onward Together!<br/><br/>Rita Maurino
 I loved the book. I thoroughly enjoyed the insightful sharing of her feelings and views of the election. The honesty of her reflections,  how she saw and felt all the struggles and roadblocks thrown at her. A very good read. I'm glad she will continue to stay involved in politics she has years of wisdom to share with young people.
 Intelligent, thoughtful, hopeful - qualities we need desperately in the Oval Office.  I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to learn more about the complexities of political campaigning.
 I absolutely loved this book! A well written honest account of what many of us wanted to know. After the 2016 election the world changed for those who supported Hillary during her campaign and she brings us along for the sometimes painful and sometimes humorous ride while sharing her heartfelt feelings after having the Presidency removed from her future. Thank you Hillary for giving us this book! Now we can finally know what we only could imagine up until now.
 A wonderfully sincere book written by an amazing woman!  Hillary expresses her thoughts and opinions in a way that helps us to understand what did happen.  If only she were our president today...
 The book is almost like having a personal conversation with Hillary, and it is helping to heal my sadness.  I feel certain she wrote the book to help all of us in our grief, and it was another very kind thing for her to do for us.  Thank you, Hillary!
 She deserves all the gratitude we can muster.
 "Its hard to be a woman.<br/> You must think like a man,<br/> Act like a lady,<br/> Look like a girl,<br/> And work like a horse."<br/><br/>An amazing book that makes you feel like she is speaking directly to you! Thank you Hillary
 AMAZING!  She is so intelligent, articulate, and very qualified to tell America and the world what happened in the 2016 Election!  Very good read!  I would definitely recommend this book!  Thank you, Hillary!
 Having read a lot of the reviews I find it odd that so many anti-Hillary misogynists have read her book. Actually, I don't think they have. For some odd reason they take great pleasure in finding a woman in power that they can attack and blame. I've actually read the book, I looked forward to her writing it as I voted for her, like and respect her. This is Hillary's truth of what happened in the 2016 campaign and election and I think it's very well said.
 She DID get more votes!
 The first woman presidential nominee from a major party deserves a platform to speak (and the insights from the book are fantastic).
 Smart, at times funny, and moving. This is the Hillary Clinton that you want to hear from. I am so glad she wrote this book, and I hope everyone reads this.
 After the devastation and heartbreak I felt last November I needed this book. It's great to see things from her perspective. This book gave me hope for the future during a time when it's so hard to be positive.
 Fantastic Read!! great insight into the 2016 campaign and Hillary herself. highly recommend
 Honest, open, sincere, and introspective. Beautifully written and (unfortunately) takes you through her journey over past two years with a personal POV we can't get from anyone else. I chuckled, cried, and empathized right along with her. Highly recommend.
 Very powerful and transparent.  Love the letters from her supporters and listening to her perspective of the sequence of events during her campaign and post election.  I purchased the digital and received free audible version.  Best part of audible version is listening to read "65,844,610 votes from my fellow Americans." on replay.  She may have not won the election, but she won our hearts. I have no doubt that her experience has led the path to inspiring more women to pursue public service. That's what happened!
 She isn't playing, and it's beautiful. No matter how much the haters and misogynists on the right and the left try and erase Hillary and her voters, they aren't going away. Hillary lays things out clearly, and it's pretty clear from her frank tone that she's not running for anything anymore. It's refreshing and riveting.
 I got both formats, hardcover and I am currently listening to the audiobook I couldn't wait. In the first minute you are able to appreciate full sentences, it is refreshing to listen to her book , thoughtful,  informative and in full sentences. Definitely recommend it.
 As a great woman once said, women's rights are human rights. The People's President, Hillary delivers her heartfelt, ugly cry inducing account about What Happened when she lost the Electoral College to the worst presidential candidate in modern history.  Politics aside, America lost when they elevated Russia's Agent Orange to the presidency.  Think what you will, but America missed the chance to have a level headed, intelligent and resilient leader, and yes the first female president. This book made me proud to be a Democrat, more hopeful for this country and eager to move Onward Together to build a better future for our sons and daughters.<br/>Stay Nasty!<br/>~M
 Hi-I'm not sure what all the negative reviews are for. I suspect alot of anti-HRC/Trump supporters people are reviewing this book without even having read it. That being said, yes, I am an HRC supporter. This is an easy read and I bought it on my kindle. The language is easy to get through. She goes into interesting tibits about the campaign and her thoughts about the entire process. I found it so sad in many ways. It's like reliving pain. But I wanted to read this book so I could hear HER WORDS and HER IDEAS, not what the media conjures up. It is even appropriate for a middle school child to read, so I'm going to let my daughter read it too. She talks about let-downs, but getting up again and moving on to make change.
 Love this book.<br/><br/>#IamWithHer was back then, was after the election and i am still today.<br/><br/>I wish I could call her Madame President!!!!
 Fantastic first hand insight from Secretary Clinton is n the 2016 Presidential election campaign cycle. A must read for political science history and warning for 2018, 2020 cycles.
 And she SHOULD. I experienced every emotion reading this but was mostly comforted by her words. She's honest, tough and real. An incredible read from an incredible woman.
 Hillary Clinton tells her story of the election in this book. By the nature of it being her story, it's from her perspective. Any objective human could understand her challenge in reflecting on something like this from all the angles. She gives her best effort to accept blame for a devastating while recounting the sizable unpredictable forces that had a hand in the outcome of the 2016 election.<br/><br/>To everyone who came here to dump on Hillary Clinton without reading the book, how's MAGA working out for you? Do you have better jobs yet? Lower taxes? Better healthcare? Affordable college tuition? Is Mexico paying for the wall? I know someone who actually had a plan for 4 out of 5 of those things. If you're unhappy, go dump on the guy you voted for accomplishing next to nothing with majorities. Hillary can't "hurt" you anymore.
 Thank you Hillary Rodham Clinton, history will be kind to you and we the majority  knows the truth.  Highly recommended, and I at 67 years young my grandchildren will know I voted for you, and believed in our values to keep our childrens world safe from dictatorships, and pollution of propaganda. I have my hard copy in my home library,  and audio version. HRC your daughter, son in law,  brother,husband, friends are so fortunate to be in your company.  Your grandchildren, will do great things for others no doubt. Your father &amp; mother did great.
 Hillary has always told it like it is!  It is a great read!  She is spot on!!
 Great insights, thoughtful analysis, quick read. Sec Clinton shows herself to be a smart, literate and caring person. What a loss not having her as our president. I'm glad I purchased this and read for myself her words and thoughts rather than listening to the rhetoric and other opinions. Get the book, its worth the read for many reasons including learning about the reality of politics, public service today, and the sexism and misogyny great women leaders still face today.
 The comments so far on this book are almost as embarrassing as the current administration.<br/>I hope Amazon finds a way to put a stop to fake reviews.<br/>I am one chapter in, and there is such warmth and wisdom coming from Hillary Clinton. I am so excited to read the rest of it over the next few days.<br/>UPDATE: Finished the book. It is a wonderful, heartfelt memoir from the most qualified candidate ever to run for president in my long life.
 Truly an amazing woman and an amazing book. It is refreshing to see Hillary's guard down, so that she may honestly and bluntly state what happened, without the stress of the election or political impact bearing on her shoulders.
 I waited patiently to hear from the woman who would have been among the greatest presidents this country has known. The audio version is especially engaging, as one grasps her humor, her ability to be self-critical, her determination, and her wisdom. I do not ever want her to be quiet. She put forth an excellent platform that would have set this country on the path to being a model for the world. I am convinced of that. May she continue to prosper in her spirit, and rest in the realization that there are more of us with her than are against her, and we are of steely resolve--just like her.
 I have eagerly been awaiting the release of this book.  I woke up at 4:00 a.m. PST and checked my Kindle, and there it was.  I've been reading it all morning, and it is just what the doctor ordered.  It has taken me months to recover from Hillary's devastating loss, and I'm still not there yet.  This book is helping me heal, just like the writing of it had to help Hillary heal.  Hillary has let down her guard and has allowed us to see her as she is, and to feel her pain.  This book in an intimate glimpse of what she saw through her eyes during the campaign, on election day and after including, what it was like to attend Trump's inauguration, and how she felt hearing his ridiculous American carnage speech.  My heart aches that this woman is not our President.  She is strong, funny, self-deprecating, intelligent, shrewd, open, honest and has written from the heart.  I have been a fan of Hillary Clinton since she first emerged on the national scene when Bill was running for President.  She has inspired me all of these years and has continued to inspire me.  I have always been a feminist, and am glad that Hillary has never been shy about saying that she is too.  Hillary Clinton is an inspiration and her book is thoughtful, well written, moving, fast-paced and revealing.  It is the true insider's look at what it was like to be the first woman nominee of a major political party for POTUS, the highs, and the lows, how it felt to suffer a crushing defeat, and how she refused to give into self-pity and instead chose to persist.  This book is just one more reason that I will always be with her.
 I found this a very raw, insightful and honest commentary of not only Hillary's campaign, but how her life and history led her to make the decision to run for POTUS.<br/>I found myself being depressed and moved to tears one moment, to being inspired and lifted up the next.  It definitely gave me a better understanding and appreciation of her life and career.  I also found it refreshing to see her more vulnerable side.<br/>In my opinion, it was well worth the read, especially as a student of politics and history.
 Extraordinarily smart, heart-felt and honest, Hillary is more gracious and kind than most anyone else would be given the horrendous treatment she's received from the boys-club media, the extreme left and right. Hearing her describe the experiences she had on the campaign trail made me feel as though I was there. The strength and determination she showed then and in this book describing the most heartbreaking loss after decades of work for this country is incredible. She continues to speak for the vast majority of Americans who truly do believe we're stronger together, who believe in doing the most you can for your family and community, working hard and smart, and who truly do believe in love and kindness. No other woman, no other person, has been attacked unjustifiably and so relentlessly in the political arena and has graciously fought them off. How she maintained her positivity and energy through that campaign is a wonder; reading this book is an inspiration for every person who truly cares about giving their best contribution to the world no matter what anyone else throws at you.
 Introspective, honest, encouraging, and humble.  This is the book all her voters should read, and those who realize they made a mistake in voting for the other candidate.
 I can't wait to tell my daughter's the story of one of the greatest leaders of my time. She is an inspiration for everyone. Persist.
 Thank you Hillary!
 Well written. Introspective &amp; very Personal account from Hillary Clinton of the most divisive presidential campaign in US history. Stayed up all night reading this book! Riveting!
 I don't normally post reviews of any sort, but something odd is going on with the (very) few negative reviews; I'm suspecting some kind of "like" bots. So this is partly an attempt to counteract that. I'm 60 pages in, and I've been struck by two things so far. First, she has already described and taken responsibility for a mistake on her part. I doubt that this will be the only one. Second, the very forceful opening paragraphs of the "Get Caught Trying" chapter, where she gives her qualifications for the job. AND SHE HAS THEM!
 I preordered the book and received it yesterday (on the day of release). I have not had time to finish it yet, but wanted to post a review from an "independent" / 3rd party perspective. I anticipated that the book would get 1 star ratings from people of the opposing party and 5 stars from the same party, and perhaps that is happening. But from my perspective, we should be review the book itself, not the politics. The book is quite interesting and I really like how she divides up the pages!  Quite often she will move from one item to another that are related but different by inserting an extra blank line on the page. That is very handy! I wish other books did something like that to help readers!  I also like how the book reads like a diary at times, and like a documentary at other times, and like a history lesson at times.  She did a great job moving from one type of "book" to another over and over yet kept it interesting and coherent!  It did NOT seem to be a jumble... but flowed very well.  I would guess that many of the 1 star ratings are political in nature and can be ignored ... I liked how some reviewers used two stars just so you would read them! :)
 Insightful, powerful,  full of inspiration while still being venerable.  I've admired her grace and honesty. This book flies by with compelling insights. Hillary Clinton would have made the best president,  she is intelligent, strong, and understands how to be inclusive of all Americans. Our loss for sure. Thank you for giving us yet another piece of you. Wishing for a brighter day for all of us.
 I received this book midnight and immediately began reading it. I love it, itso intimate and a look inside the heart of Hillary Clinton. She has every right to express herself. Why are people so cruel and hateful. During the campaign I did alot of research and had to wave through all the junk and lies that is out there written about the Clintons. I dug deep and I fell in love with Hillary. She is such an inspiration to me. She has been through so much and has been treated so cruelly by the Republicans and even the media. Trump's campaign against her was disgusting, filled with lies and hate. To hear the chants at his rallies sent chills down my spine. Yet she remains strong with her head up high. She shows us how to never give up no matter how hard it is. She shows us what it means to be a strong woman.<br/>Now everyday we are hearing more and more proof how the election was stolen from Hillary. Election night I stayed up and watched in horror as Trump won the electoral college. In my gut I knew this was a rugged election. I wasn't sure how at the time but I knew it as well as I knew my name. My gut is never wrong. Now, many would like her to shut up and go away like a good little girl. Disappear Hillary so we don't have to be reminded of the crime that was done to her. History will tell the truth and this time will be remembered with shame. Thank God for Hillary's strength. Thank God that she will not go away and run from the heartbreaking defeat. I believe in you Hillary and I thank you for all you have done for us especially woman and children. Those who's eyes are open know the truth.<br/><br/>Add on: what is wrong with you people. You didn't even read the book and you are posting negative reviews. How sick are you? Are you filled we with that much hate? None of you could hold s candle to Hillary. You call her evil but you all need to look in the mirror and maybe grow up a little.
 Hillary Rodham Clinton's account of what happened during the 2016 Presidential election is very important for all voters to read. More to follow.
 As always, in person or in print, Hillary Clinton is inspiring. Enjoyed the book very much!
 A voice for our time. She was right. She won. She was robbed. A must-read book.
 Thorough, smart, funny at times -- and she certainly has earned the right to tell this story. Has political, world, and historical context. Rather than making excuses, she both takes responsibility for her actions and offers advice about a future that steps toward, rather than away from, a more perfect union. Highly recommended.
 The book is candid and accurate. I researched Clinton during this election -- speaking fees, foundation, donations, emails, FBI report. I knew she was in a bubble when she campaigned in Arizona near the end; her loss was no big surprise. After the election I bought data and ran the stats. I’ve been anxious to find out how it all looked to her.<br/><br/>Almost the first thing Clinton says when she begins her analysis of the election is “I felt that I had let everyone down. Because I had.” And the last thing she says is  “None of the factors I’ve discussed here lessen the responsibility I feel or the aching sense that I let everyone down.”<br/><br/>She admits her mistakes and feels deeply responsible, but refuses to be the scapegoat so many want. The press was shameful, the right deceitful, and quite a few on the left mistaken. So they all want to say “Hillary did it” and move on.  But this book is far more than an analysis of her campaign’s mistakes and the attacks by Trump, Russia, right-wing fanatics and Republicans.<br/><br/>Many people made mistakes and every one of them wants to blame Clinton and close the book. But mistakes happen, and we need to learn from them. That’s really what the book is about. For example, building on her experience campaigning in West Virginia’s coal country, she takes a deep look at the troubles and politics of working class Americans.<br/><br/>Her first-hand analysis of Putin is useful, dives into how Trump, Assange and the Russians played off each other and provides a much needed warning for our Democracy. Except for the detailed chapter on her emails, which she “wishes you would read” (while admitting that you may have “heard more than your fill about my emails”), the book is chock full of anecdotes about the campaign, her personal struggles, and her supporters. It’s a good read.<br/><br/>What Happened is realistically cautionary about Trump and his enablers. “Things are going to be hard for a long time. But we are going to be okay. All of us.” To do better, you need to know where you went wrong, and the book has much to say on this. But in the end it is forward looking and ends on a most optimistic note.
 Wonderful book. It's great to hear her story from her. Better together!
 The truth hurts but it is good to get it out there. A great read from start to finish. HRC is one of this countries greatest political assets who was such a threat to her enemies that they would rather destroy America than allow this woman to rise to power. Her story needs to be told for present and the future women in this world that strive to be all that they want to be.
 I started reading the book and I am enjoying it. Hillary opened her feelings and tells her story with moving words...love it...
 Very touching and beautifully written. History will prove her right. Her eloquence and competency would have been well utilized these days.
 HRC remains a class act.
 Interesting Read!
 Well written, from the heart. An inspiration to all women.
 I purchased book on Amazon. Will also purchase one at book signing in San Francisco 10/6/17. See you there Secretary Clinton and thank you. Much respect
 I wasn't sure that I was ready for this book yet, as I'm still not "over" the loss and I'm not sure I ever will be.  That said, I couldn't resist this book - in part, because I think I just wanted to be to reconnect with the Stronger Together movement of the campaign and in a voyeuristic way was eager to pull back the curtain and understand what was happening during all the moments that we did not see during the campaign and especially in those days and months since.  I started this book and literally, could not put it down.  It was different than I expected - it was much more human and accessible than I imagined it would be. It included musings of basic everyday life that is more similar to all of us (commoners) than different. At times, I wanted more detail, specificity, intellectual pondering, but I also appreciated that perhaps this book is meant to be the departure from that intellectualism that apparently alienated segments of the voting public. Overall, I'd recommend this book to any woman in business or politics, to anyone who loves the theater that is politics, and to anyone who loves or is intrigued or is inspired (or ever has been) by Hillary Clinton. One her best traits is her ability to continuously "show up" and to never give up - and with this book, Hillary shows that once again.
 Love it!  An authentic, heartfelt and accurate assessment of what went wrong.
 Much like the contents of the book, the trolls and haters are out to malign this woman who should be our president, How many verified purchases are there amongst the 1-stars? How many "verified purchases" would be returned as soon as the fake purchaser has given their 1-star? How many speed readers in this bunch, since the book just came out today? These fake reviews are disgusting.<br/><br/>As for HRC, I hope she has gotten to the "I don't give a @&amp;$#%" stance and ignore these people. If you didn't read the book, don't review it. Period. It has been well received, it was the #1 pre-ordered book, people want to hear from her. I am not a speed reader, so my 5 stars is based solely on HRC's bravery. I will give a more thoughtful treatise when I'm done reading the book.<br/><br/>Edited to add actual review: I am a pretty fast reader so I don't believe for one second that all these 1-star reviewers finished the book much less would keep it in their collection. I would venture a guess that those books would be returned for a refund soon after. If I'm wrong, so be it. Seems like a waste of money to buy a book written by someone whom you hate.<br/><br/>The book itself is painfully honest. It dissects the outside forces that connived to steal this election. HRC wrote it as she saw it, which 65MM of us also saw. We all cried with her, but at least we did not have to be there to watch Russia's chosen one take office. Those who dismiss her views as a "blame game" did not really read the book. She took responsibility for her loss but also surveyed the Russian kitchen sink thrown at her. We are only now learning the extent of Russia's involvement, and if you are not sickened by it, you need to question your patriotism.<br/><br/>Her writing the book might have kept her afloat during these dark days, but it has been equally cathartic for us who believe in decency and the sanctity of the elections. From the first words to the last, she held her ground and put a mirror up to America's face. Writing with trenchant wit and self deprecating humor, she nevertheless tackled her dissection with intelligence and logic.  She knew all along the kind of man he is and she tried to warn us. We should have listened.<br/><br/>Personally, I found myself tearing up several times.<br/><br/>Long after we're gone, may this book serve as a dire warning to future generations to preserve the democratic process. History will be much kinder to Mrs. Clinton than it will ever be to the other candidate.<br/><br/>And to the Electoral College: you had one job and you FAILED to do it. You were supposed to put country before party, to rise above politics and think of the greater good, and you FAILED. Your names should be included in one of the worst decisions made in history.
 I'm halfway through and though it's painful to read it's candid, smart and funny. I'm glad Hillary was finally able to open up. She does admit her faults, despite what other reviewers would have you believe. I'm looking forward to finishing this, it was cathartic for her to write it and it's cathartic for me to read it! Bravo Hillary.
 A heartfelt, thoughtful, and unflinching account of what got us to where we are now in America, with an accuracy lacking in a lot of public discourse and media. History will be very kind to Hillary Clinton.
 Great book!  I recommend it to EVERYONE!
 Just stunning
 I began the book at midnight when I downloaded from Amazon/Audible.  I find it irresponsible of Amazon to post reviews from people who have NOT read the book and in fact will NEVER read the book.  I am 1/3 through the book, in fact if you like her or not love her or not, this is an important book.  It is an insightful book about our country, good and bad.  I am finding the book intelligent and personal.  A view from someone who has had a unique position for more than 25 years.  The book is touching me in ways I thought few could speak to - hopes, dreams and fears.  It is an honest book, far more honest than those who would post reviews here for the purpose of hate and misdirection.  Far more honest than those who would post a review for something they have never read and come to their actions with the full force of bias.
 I'm only about half way through but it really is a thoughtful, insightful, account of what happened during the 2016 election. Whether you were "with her" or not, it is a good and well written read.  No one sees the same event exactly the same but this is a smart review of where HRC was during this election and all the forces and errors (forced and unforced) that lead to where we are today. She take some of the blame but rightly identifies the forces that contributed to the problem.  I'm glad she didn't "sit down and shut up" as so many have complained that she should do.  She represented a majority share of the voting population.  She needed to have this story be heard and frankly, I needed to hear it. Gender bias is a REAL THING.  If you don't realize that, just ask the women in your life. They will absolutely tell you so.  I would recommend it to anyone who can look at this election in a thoughtful and pragmatic way and drop the bias against the opposing party and women.
 Great book!
 I have not finished the book yet. It's so interesting to get a glimpse inside her thoughts. A bit painful even. She should be our president. America would be in such a different place at this time.
 Hillary pulls no punches on her feelings after the election.  I found her writing to be authentic and inspirational.  A very cathartic read after a stunning defeat.
 #stillwithher
 Her candor, bravery, intelligence, humility and vivid recollections make this one of the best political testimonies you'll ever read.
 We bought both the hard copy and kindle. (different generations wanted different types) Exceptionally interesting book, and reading her detailed POV and insights adds to the political history.  Though discussing complicated topics, it's a smooth and easy read.  Not sure how it can be called a 'bad' book at all, you're reading first hand views of an accomplished person, like her or not.
 I enjoyed HRC's candid and thoughtful perspective.
 Excellent book detailing the emotions and thoughts of Hillary Clinton after the election. It's raw, personal, and revealing. Whether or not you voted for Hillary, you should read this. Despite the news coverage, the book is not about blaming a laundry list of people. It's a about a women who tried her best to win an election, thought she would win, and how she handled defeat. For the sake of bipartisanship, read the book. Get to know Hillary Clinton before you judge her based on click-bait news coverage. The book is worthwhile. We can all learn something from this book, no matter your political views.
 Whether you like Hillary Rodham Clinton or not, this book is raw, honest, and real. It's a historical document that will be important for generations to come, a policy wonk who can't quite miss a chance to explain how she'd fix things, a behind-the-scenes look at running a political campaign, and a humorous and sometimes gossipy tell-all.
 I bought the book because I was so fed up with the media saying Hillary shouldn't have written the book. I was surprised that I actually loved reading the book. I'm very sad that instead of this intelligent woman leading us we're stuck with a buffoon.
 Fantastic, multi-dimensional discussion of a complicated set of cultural issues. We cannot ignore history or it will repeat itself. Hillary shows courage here to take the time to analyze this travesty for all of us.
 Clinton is at her best: funny, warm, smart, self-effacing, and fearless.  An important read as we try to move forward and keep our Democracy from being undermined again - both from external and internal forces.
 Reading this wasn't easy.  I had to stop several times when she went into discussing about the election night.  And there were moments when I felt the tears in my eyes.<br/><br/> I wish Hillary would have shown her true emotions during the campaign.  I'm so glad she wrote this book.  She let her guard down and showed us a side of her that we didn't get to see during the 2016 election.  It finally makes me feel like, "oh she is actually a normal human being.  She did feel the way I thought she would have felt."<br/><br/>I really applaud her for writing this memoir.  I can feel she just doesn't give a damn about what people think or say about her anymore.
 Stayed up most of the night reading this heart-wrenching text. So brave, so illuminating.  Still with her.
 We think Hillary is one of the truly great people. What a wonderful gift to the world it would be if she were president.<br/>Her loss (and our loss) is an extraordinary tragedy.
 Loving this book. It's clearly written in her voice: warm, intelligent, and humorous. I'm so glad she wrote this for us. Stronger Together
 I love it. I think you have to be a Hillary fan to appreciate the emotion she shares about herself in the book. I enjoyed reading about the campaign from her perspective. I believe there is much truth in the way she talks about the things that happened during the campaign and how that shaped the outcome. One of my favorite chapters, so far, is 'On Being a Woman inPolitics". She breaks down the sexism of 2016. How could any woman, regardless of her politics, read that chapter and not admit deep in her gut that Hillary's right. But then I'm a Hillary fan. Hillary Haters will never like this book, but I don't think she wrote it for them.
 Love this book.  It's not the "blame everyone else" tale the critics and pundits paint it to be.  It's human. It's honest. It's an inside look at what happened, from her point of view, in the campaign.  She shoulders the responsibility for her loss and tries to look at the other factors that contributed to her loss.  The negative media coverage, the personal attacks, the email investigation, and her own missteps.  A terrific read.
 HRC was an historic candidate and telling her account of the election is not only compelling but important for history.
 Awesome read so far! I just listened and read the second and third chapters about Hillary's road back from the devastating effects of the loss. She presents letters, quotes, Bible verses and poems that got her through that time that I love and will reread.<br/><br/>When she shares watching Kate McKinnon on SNL singing, "Hallelujah," I could recall that night. I cried again as Hillary confessed to shedding tears.<br/><br/> For those women who chose not to vote for her, I am not angry. I just need to say that at 63, having a woman run for President of the United States was something I had waited a life time to see. I grew up during the 50's and 60's when little girls asked why they couldn't do things their brothers were allowed to do. Often the answer was, "Because you are a girl!" This was and is the worst excuse or answer to give a little girl I might add!<br/><br/>I knew instinctively that I could match or exceed my older brothers in my wit, intelligence, perseverance, dedication, compassion and hard work, but I was told no because I was born during the wrong time in history with the wrong genitalia. Yet most young girls and women know that our value can not be determined by what others tell us is acceptable. We know just how capable and smart we are. We have just been waiting for society, and yes, even some women to catch up to that realization. The rest of the world have women leaders. Why not America? The dream has been made viable because of Hillary.<br/><br/> But here was a woman, Hillary Clinton, who had served as First Lady, Secretary of State and a Senator. She was prepared and groomed for the task and wanted to do the work while fully knowing the challenges that came with the job! That part can never be taken away from her and all women who are willing to see her running for President as a gift of opportunities that little girls had never experienced before. For that, I am truly grateful! Thank you Hillary.
 What a travesty that the presidency was stolen from her. This is a great, engaging, and enraging read.
 I am glad to see her perspective. I think there was much to be learned from what she experienced. Hillary is a figure that people generally love or hate and that's not likely to change with this book but she had the right to write it. I loved that she gave insights on what she did wrong as well as what she think were external forces. She actually complimented Bernie and criticized Bernie, unfortunately the media is talking about both sides of that. The mania around her is just maddening some days. If Sarah Palin and Bristol Palin can write books with skeleton resumes, surely we can hear from an accomplished woman who actually was endorsed by every major newspaper and came within 70,000 votes from Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania of winning. I enjoyed seeing her side. I am also glad that she knows when to call it quits and won't be a candidate again but will be speak out for issues as she did in the book. It's worth reading.
 This is our rightful president ... America needs to wake up before it's too late ...<br/><br/>Excellent excellent excellent book full of introspect, revelations and blatant truth ... Leaves me wanting more ...
 I read the first 200 pages in one sitting feeling as though Hillary was talking to me in my living room. I thought the section on sexism and misogyny very powerful, I loved the quotes and I laughed at the anecdote of the young reporters rolling an orange up the aisle of the airplane with a question written on it in black marker. I have always had faith in this good woman and "I am still with her". Her defeat was a monumental tragedy and look what America ended up with.....
 It’s difficult to review anything Hillary Clinton writes without turning it into a review of Hillary Clinton the person (in this way, it’s much like reading a review of any new Madonna album).  It’s particularly difficult to talk about What Happened, nearly 500 pages of Hillary talking about Hillary, without talking about... Hillary (and, before I see “Egomaniac! Self Obsessed!, etc, I’ll remind you -- writing a book about one’s experiences in the first person is called a memoir, and anyone can write one -- yes, even a woman!)  Trying to review this like any other book solely in a vacuum of its own literary merits is not only impossible, but somewhat disingenuous.<br/><br/> What Happened is a lot of things. A memoir, a recap, a cautionary tale, a warning, a call to arms, an airing of grievances. Hillary Clinton has always been a walking PowerPoint presentation. What it is not -- and never tries to be, despite everyone’s assumptions based on a few leaked excerpts  -- is a long diatribe of blame deflection and an attempt to be the definitive source of analysis on the strangest and ugliest political contest in the history of the United States. Clinton states in the very first chapter that it is not intended to be such a book -- that she is too close to the events, too caught up in the rawness of the emotion. The question of should she/shouldn’t she write this has been dominating the conversation about this book, and it’s another question that I find irrelevant: she wrote it, deal with it, don’t read it if you don’t want to. I know that I, and millions of others, were eager to hear her perspective, and find her analysis both insightful and cathartic.<br/><br/> It’s bizarre to me that I feel compelled, as a 33 year old nobody, to take to the internet to defend the right of a former First Lady, Secretary of State, and two time presidential candidate, a figure at the forefront of American politics who has dedicated her entire life to public service and has just had a singularly unique experience unshared by anyone in history, to write a book about those experiences. But such is the polarizing effect Hillary Clinton has. Those that hate her hate her with a fury and a frenzy that seems almost medieval, way out of proportion to any of her supposed crimes. Those people will not enjoy this book, unless they intend to get pleasure out of hate-reading (the way I do when I watch American Horror Story).<br/><br/> What Happened, like so much of everything Hillary Clinton has done in public life, finds itself in sort of a no-win situation. No matter what the tone of it -- was she self deprecating enough? Did she properly chastise herself enough? Does she sound bitter? Does she sound smug? Did she take all the sins of the 63 million Trump voters and carry them on her back to the pyre, and allow us to burn her in effigy? -- it wasn’t going to be acceptable. Accused throughout her career of being overly cautious and guarded (I wonder why?), we were promised a more open, direct Hillary here.<br/><br/> We get that, sort of. Her previous two books, Living History and Hard Choices, were each accused of two of the big Clinton Cardinal sins: the former, a chronicle of her early life and White House years, of being cautious/careful. The latter, recounting her time as Secretary of State, of being boring (I personally liked the...many, many pages of “boring” policy overview from a person who not only has a knack for that sort of thing, but actually seems to enjoy it. I wake up every morning wishing we had a person like that in the oval office today). What Happened may not read like the no holds barred celebrity tell-all scandal book many wanted it to be, but by Clinton standards, it’s the closest we’ll probably ever get to her hearing her speak openly and honestly about her joys and frustrations.<br/><br/> I want to cite, in particular, the chapter Women in Politics. In the past, Hillary has always had to be careful when talking about gender -- and if reading that sentence annoyed you just as much as it annoyed me to type it, this chapter alone may be worth the price of the book for you. This is the clearest, most direct,  and -- yes -- angriest Hillary has ever been while addressing the topics of sexism and misogyny, and the roles they’ve played in her political and personal life. But beyond venting frustration and citing the challenges, she also addresses the unique joys and rewards that come with often being the only woman in the room.<br/><br/>She also does something that her detractors will hate even more than her feminist venting: she has the audacity to talk about her accomplishments. This is something that women are conditioned never to do -- in my opinion, it’s part of why Clinton’s campaigns have always struggled with getting her message and point of view out to the voters -- and it’s refreshing here to see her take deserving pride in what she’s done for women and children over the years. So much has been twisted and fabricated, and when coupled with the genuine problems and mistakes of her husband’s administration, that Hillary’s very real fight and achievements for women and children are always overshadowed.<br/><br/> While Clinton is careful (as always, maybe too careful)  to balance her overview of the combination of outside forces conspiring against the campaign with taking responsibility for her own mistakes (apologizing many, many times -- did we ever hear Mitt Romney do the same?), and while she tries to balance her Cassandra-like warnings with uplifting and inspirational quotes -- What Happened is still often very hard to read. In particular, the chapter on Election Night, and the excerpt she gives us from what would have been her victory speech, felt like I was ripping off a scab all over again.<br/><br/> And that was one of the biggest criticisms surrounding this book. Why look back? Setting aside the fact that our current president still seems obsessed with talking about the election and brings it up any time there are cameras in his face, there are a lot of reasons why it is valuable to assess the problems, the mistakes, and the aftermath from as many perspectives as possible. And while I hope one day we will look back and shake our heads in disbelief at how we were all so stupid, with the benefit of hindsight, time, distance, and qualified analytical minds to write about it in the years to come, I think it is absolutely imperative to get the perspective of the woman who was on the front lines the entire time fighting for us all, taking every single direct punch and getting up again, never giving up the fight. I also think, for many of us, there an be a shared sense of catharsis to hearing Hillary vent a little bit. Is this book the most academic thing she’s written? No, but people were unhappy with THAT as well. If nothing else, this book is a valuable primary source document, an insight into what became a much more bizarre election than any of us even imagined.<br/><br/> On the morning of election day, I woke up feeling hopeful. After voting, I wrote in my journal, thinking -- somewhat morbidly -- about my future children, who may come across my notebooks in a box one day after I’m dead. I wrote thinking about the daughter that I might one day have, addressing her and saying that I was proud and hopeful to be able to show her that, in a pivotal moment in history, we were all able to come together and make the right choice. I was excited about the idea of her maybe growing up and having her first image of the oval office be one with a woman sitting behind the desk. I was excited to tell her one day that the country came together to stand up to the bully, put aside our differences, and proved that hatred doesn’t always win. Hillary Rodham Clinton -- the woman who is somehow, every year, voted simultaneously the most admired woman in the country as well as the most reviled -- after enduring years of sexism, abuse, and the most violent and disgusting political attacks I’ve ever seen -- stood tough through it all and, on the merits of being the most qualified person for the job, became the first female president of the United States.<br/>Of course, this is not what happened. This time, the bully won. But, as cliche as this is, sometimes the most important lessons are the ones learned in defeat and loss. As Hillary enters the later years of her life, her career as an elected public official may be over, but there is still so much we can learn from her. And that’s why I think this book is so valuable: right now, it’s helpful for processing and starting a conversation about what to do in the aftermath of this mess we’re in. But I’m also glad it exists for future generations to read when they look back on 2016 and think: what the f--?<br/><br/>The reality in life is sometimes the bully DOES win. This is a hard, unpleasant, but necessary truth that all children need to face sooner or later. Sometimes the big, stupid bully, lurking behind and looming over the hard working straight A student who does all the extra credit assignments and color-codes her highlighters when making notes, does not get punished, indeed gets rewarded for his bumbling mediocrity. This is What Happened. What happens next?
 There's a reason why she won the popular vote by 3 million voters. Intelligent, insightful, informative, thorough, and thought-provoking. I can see why she is the most admired woman in the world year after year.  Our democracy was stolen by traitors who committed treason with a hostile foreign power. Heartbreaking.  The most accomplished woman in the history of American politics should never sit down, be quiet or go away. May she continue to speak for the rest of her life.
 Anyone who reads this book and thinks HRC wouldn't have been a great president doesn't have this country's, or the world's, best interests at heart. Anyone who reads this book and thinks she doesn't offer enough contrition or self-flagellation didn't read it and are going by what they heard in the media. My biggest complaint about Hillary after reading this is, Where was this Hillary the past couple of years? But she addresses this question, too.<br/><br/>Honestly, I wasn't on the Hillary wagon in '08 and cringed a little when I heard she was running in '16, if for no other reason because I was sick of the right's obsession with her. But reading her thought process on running, I understand now, and I like her that much more. Even though it might not matter today, and doesn't make the attacks easier to endure I'm sure, history will be kind to her and not so kind to those who fought against her.<br/><br/>The book is incredibly well-written and a page-turner, which isn't what you'd expect from a political memoir like this. A couple of pages did make me gloss over because of the political-speak, such as going over the foundation's accomplishments, and it was a relief when the real Hillary came back. I was interested in reading this to learn what it was like being on the inside the past couple of years, and this book delivers on that count, but I wasn't expecting the emotions - to laugh at parts, and to cry as she described her life after November, her thoughts and what she did. If nothing else, this is a tale of feeling the ultimate defeat and how someone gathers strength again to come back. All of that is lost to the political commentators and critics (mostly men, by the way), but if you'd never heard of HRC, this would be a riveting book for someone of any political persuasion.
 Well researched and written, Hillary offers the millions who voted for her and grieve the undermining of this election by outside forces a cathartic release.
 Hillary is such a good writer, she writes so accessibly yet so elequently this was book was an absolute joy to read.
 Hillary Clinton's book is excellent. She reflected on what happened with humility and honesty. She is a public servant who is deeply concerned for our country and expresses those concerns with great hope as well.  She was often criticized as not being "warm" but her book shows her to be a woman of intelligence and warmth. She shares her life priorities of family, being a grandmother and how that helped her regain her equilibrium after such a huge loss. She showed me she is very like the rest of us but only with a higher profile career. It is obvious in reading her book that she is a deep thinker, brilliant, able to think about and respond to complex ideas, and has a long term commitment to issues of women and children. She was the target of lies and rumors for years. If a lie is repeated enough then people accept it as truth. How she was able to continue to be productive when facing such character assassination is beyond me. It shows the strength of her character that she could push them aside in order to be of service to her country. I predict that in a few years, history will be very kind to Hillary Clinton and will have a special place in history for her long term service and the good she did for America. I feel proud for what she did for all women in trying to break open the glass ceiling.
 Loved it!!
 Hillary Clinton is one of the most influential and important politicians of our time. Regardless of whether you like her, it cannot be denied that she has made history by becoming the first female presidential nominee of a major political party, which is no small feat given the masculine world of politics. Her voice is important and it is refreshing to read her take on events from a personal point of view, i.e. not having to care about polling or speaking as a candidate. Her writing is very conversational and her humanity is heartbreaking and revealing. I loved reading this book.
 Really enjoyed the audible version.
 Fascinating read
 History will turn to her account of the exposure of the underbelly of political life!<br/>Her honest acceptance of the flaws in her campaign, despite the awareness of the fact the election was STOLEN, is refreshing!<br/>Integrity, poise, honesty are the qualities we need in our Stateswomen and men!!!
 Even better than expected. Her loss is America's loss, but it is so reassuring to have her voice return.
 I really loved Hillary's story and how despite a disappointing loss she is not giving up on the American people. She gives us hope and my favorite chapter was about love and kindness. Her book is honest and does not make excuses. I really enjoyed the quotes she included in the book. She will continue to be an inspiration for women. I recommend this book to any young woman considering politics as a career.<br/><br/>#StillWithHer
 I really didn't know what to expect in reading this book. I guess I expected it to be very intellectual and somewhat ponderous. It's actually way more interesting than I expected. It's the behind the scenes of major historical events, and finding out what was going through her head at those times was compelling. It also served as a stark reminder of how far we still have to go. As a woman of later generation, I know it's women like her I have to thank for paving the way. She was one of 27 women in a law school class of 250+ students. Twenty-five years later, half my law school was comprised of women. Reading it only confirms that she is without a doubt one of the most qualified persons to run for the office, ever. It still hurts. But it doesn't detract from the book, which is easy to read, feels very smooth in it's transitions, and provides so much insight while weaving in her personal story. The fact that the book also hurt my heart all over again couldn't be helped, I guess.
 Hillary Clinton writes a book on her personal observations of the 2016 presidential campaign. I found it disheartening to see so many discrepancies thrown at her campaign seemingly directed to disavow anything she had to say. Due to this fact, she brings a lot of questions into play.  Maybe it's time to focus on what really happened rather than ignore it or worse; cover it up.<br/><br/>"All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them."<br/>Galileo Galilei
 Engrossing, authentic review of our immediate history.
 I have ordered the book and will write a review after reading it, but feel compelled to address the people who must criticize someone they don't like or agree with because she's voiced her opinion - not the merits of HRC's book, which hasn't yet been released, but because it's just so much easier to go out of their way to be nasty to someone who has accomplished so much, despite the smears, lies and hatred of those who refused to do independent, objective research. I was initially against the Clintons (to my shame, honestly, because I am smarter than to accept something without researching it) and learned just how wrong I was. I won't address those who voted for someone else, or why, but perhaps those who feel the need to behave like you have might want to take an honest look at exactly what you've accomplished and, literally, crack a book.
 As a person who appreciates truth, I was happily surprised by the contents of this book.  It was good to discover that Hillary also cares about truth, and tried her best to tell it.  I don't regret buying or reading this book at all, now that I'm finished it.  I hope Hillary will continue to speak truth to power, and I look forward to reading more from her if she continues to write.
 Like many other people, I wondered if this book would really be worth reading. I voted for Clinton but I wondered how much value there could be in her account of the 2016 Presidential election campaign. Luckily, this book is so much more.<br/><br/>It hit my Kindle on Tuesday and as it happens I had three airplane flights (including two very long ones) on Wednesday and Thursday, so I made it my project for those flights. I didn't have to force myself to keep going; once I started, her narrative and the force of her ideas and anecdotes kept me reading.<br/><br/>The book is personal, but not self-serving. She knows she will never run for office again and she has abandoned the tightly controlled political figure we all thought we knew, and stands before us as a human being, admitting to mistakes, confessing her pain and occasional weakness, letting us see the woman behind the mask. I find this Hillary Clinton to be compelling.<br/><br/>If you already hate her or think you do, as it appears some of the other reviewers might, then perhaps you won't get anything valuable out of this book. But I did, and I'm glad I read it, and I am deeply sad that this intelligent, hardworking woman did not become our President. I'm not just sad because of who did win (although that is a horror show), but because I truly believed that Hillary Clinton had the potential to be an excellent President. She is every bit as smart and far more disciplined than her husband (who was not a half-bad President, himself), she has great ideas, and she knows exactly how to make those ideas a reality.<br/><br/>I'm so sorry that she will not have her chance to do that.
 "Breathe out. Scream later."  So many meaningful words in this book... You don't have to like politics to enjoy this book. It touches on a human level about the highs of winning, the incredible disappointments of losing and how to pick yourself back up and forge ahead. Any human can relate to it. I am guessing that most poor reviews on here are from people who have not read the book and who are caught in their own spirals of hate. Pick it up and read (or listen to the audio version like I am doing) and then write an informed and intelligent review.
 Fabulous
 Obviously so many people giving this one star and saying negative things have simply bought the book so they can have a "verified purchase" designation and slam Hillary Clinton once again. Amazon should make the purchases non-refundable to stop the trolls. Why else would you buy the book if you hate the author so much?<br/><br/>The book was well written, insightful, and deeply honest. I've not heard any other presidential candidate write so honestly about their mistakes, shortcomings, and things they wish they did better.
 An epic, and much needed accounting of the election and a terrifying look at the future if Don the Con and his basket of thugs are allowed to walk away from what they did. (the deplorables will be punished plenty enough with GOP Trickle Sown Economics/Survival of the Fittest landscape coming which they so obviously are unable to compete in).<br/><br/>It was great to see Hillary throw her understandably cautious demeanor a bit to the wind.  Contrary to the deplorable jerks and their mouth-breathers in the rightwing "media", she most definitively has done much introspection on her own campaign decisions while rightfully recognizing the unhelpful contributions of the fringe left, unprofessional Comey, and above all, the Russian invasion of cyber warfare which anyone with an ounce of integrity saw the evidence of with their own eyes all over the internet (and continue to).<br/><br/>Above all the book is heartfelt and honest, insightful, and Clinton's intelligence and expertise are most evident in her presentation.  She manages to be hopeful, yet issues much needed warnings of future state for ALL of us if we don't guard our democratic institutions from foreign hostile nations AND from the corrupt GOP.  It's also given me insight into her interviews which she has every right to do and should do.  Watching her on Cooper and then Maddow, her deep knowledge and level-headed competence is a sober reminder of what the nation and world lost not having her as a leader.
 Not finished yet but really enjoying the book. I wish many men and many women would read and really reflect on what she says about sexism.
 i like her.
 Pay no attention to the trolls. The book is great political theater, nicely written, thoughtful, and very important at this time. Highly recommended.
 Whatever your politics, this woman has paid her dues and deserves respect. I found the book enlightening and well written. For those of you that claim to have read the book, pay more attention, she's not laying blame. If fact there's an online article published in Quartz that recaps every time she apologized in her book and took responsibility for mistakes made.  I can't post the link here but do a search for "how many times clinton apologized in what happened".  The audio book to accompany the e-book is well worth the extra $'s.
 I appreciate the opportunity to hear directly from her.  DJT has his twitter to speak directly to his supporters so why can't Hillary Clinton write a book to speak to hers?  I liked it and enjoyed the inside look at the campaign experience.  She still has a lot to give, I'm glad she is!
 I'm glad Hillary told her side of the story, just like any other candidate would after a heated election cycle. I found myself wishing the personal chapters about her life outweighed the election chapters, but that just because I always want to hear more about strong women who have led full lives.
 Her intelligence, competence and compassion for other people really shine through here- qualities sorely lacking in the White House right now.
 Too many people are trying to silence Hillary and suppress this book. Trust the majority view in the verified purchases. This is a fantastic book, written with honesty and candor. She says early on, she's finally letting her guard down. She delivers on that promise. Liberated from political convention and newly willing to piss people off, Hillary's become a fantastic writer - at turns funny, charming, empathetic, frustrated, and angry. And even hopeful, with plans for the future. A lot of people went through these same raw emotions after the election. It's so valuable to be able to understand and identify with her experience, told from her vantage point. If you're a Clinton skeptic or even a Clinton hater, you might find your mind blown if you're able to set aside your preconceptions and prejudices, open yourself up to a different point of view, and just read.  Best political memoir I've read - and I've read many.
 Wonderfully written. A stark and candid insight that only ONE person in the entire world could offer. Now, because it is Hillary Clinton, people will lose their composure and become slightly more stupid in their reactions.<br/>This is a fascinating look into a dark time in our country's history, period. Any rational individual with that has ANY interest in this subject will be satisfied.<br/>Strong Buy!
 Still heartbroken we declined the honor of having her as our president. Very impressed she was courageous enough to write this book. It is extremely thoughtful and raw and hurts my heart all over again that we took advantage of the opportunity we had to watch her lead this country. I am horrified by some of the comments and criticism on this book - she is human, be gentle with your words.
 A well written book by a well versed, brilliant public servant. I read the one star reviews, and they are as suspect as their cult leader, DJT.<br/>The author doesn't blame others, one of her first comments is: "I've tried to learn from my own mistakes. There were plenty, as you'll see in this book, AND THEY ARE MINE AND MINE ALONE."  It is her story, and it shows the right's insecurity, that they hate it, and her, so much that they need help from Russian trolls to win elections and stifle the truth.  Sad.
 I laughed. I cried. I was inspired. I became hopeful again. I loved this book. It was interesting seeing the things we've all watched on tv through her eyes.<br/>Both democrats and republicans should read this book. While my review may be seen as a biased democratic review, I can say if trump wrote a book I would equally and openly read it to try to understand his views the same I did for Hillary. I encourage all to read. This book isn't about rather or not you agree with Hillary, this book is History, and this book will teach us all something for future elections when casting our vote.
 Hillary's moving in-depth account of the 2016 election offers valuable insight into a woman's journey at the highest level of the political game while ringing the alarm about what's at stake for America in our current divided climate. While it's heartbreaking to read Clinton's comprehensive vision for our country, knowing what we lost, we will never overcome the double standards powerful women face in business, politics, and at the hands of a corporate owned, cynical media until we give credence to these words, and use them as a way to challenge innate biases about what it takes and who should lead.  "What Happened" is honest, unsparing, witty, devastating and unique, since no woman has ever before been in this position. It is also refreshing to have Clinton give voice to her voters' concerns, since their perspectives were all but ignored in the 2016 cycle and beyond. "What Happened" is a must read!
 This is a fantastic book. Honest, comprehensive, and moving. I enjoyed the personal glimpses into Clinton's feelings and life, and also the links to data and political science analyses of her campaign. Clinton doesn't shy away from her mistakes on the campaign trail. But it's very clear that other major forces led to her defeat, including the media's fascination with her emails, the role of Russia, the role of Jim Comey, and long-term efforts to disenfranchise youth and people of color with voter ID laws. More than a rehashing of what happened (which is of course a big chunk of the story), Hillary gives folks a blueprint for what to do next. How to brush ourselves off and get back to work to fix our democracy and protect our fellow Americans from the worst impulses of the Trump Administration. #OnwardTogether
 Was not a Clinton before this nightmare campaign and horrid election; but after reading about 50 pages so far, I am a FAN now.<br/>When there are no more political positions to aspire to- politicos can be raw and truthful. She speaks the words, many, particularly strong women, are thinking of every, single day. What happened?
 I feel privileged to be taken on this journey with Hillary. To partake of her grief of having the election and her presidency stolen from her.  Thank you for letting us in Hillary we get to grieve with you. I laughed I cried It became a part of me, I became part of her life. You are amazing Hillary.
 This book is undeniably well written which is why it has gotten such good ratings on Amazon despite Trump supporters trying to make it seem otherwise.
 Read the book - not the critiques and lifted one liners. I read it at one setting. It was like spending time with a friend and trying to make sense of the past year - albeit frequently with misty eyes. This is not a rehash of the past. Aside from Comey, the issues she grapples with are ongoing! So glad I read it and didn't listen to the critics.
 Clinton writes candidly and thoughtfully about the 2016 election, exploring her personal mistakes and campaign missteps, as well as historical and unique factors that led to her electoral defeat in a way that is charming, gripping, sometimes humorous, and exciting to read. Does a great service to the memory of the candidacy which was by all means historic.
 So far... this book is amazing. Whether you're a true Hillary fan or you just want insight into her personal feelings, the book truly captures that. It brings her to a human level that in many ways feels like she can be one of us ordinary folk. You may also tear up at certain points as the election is still so fresh to many of us.
 Hillary is very transparent, and I am truly enjoying the book.
 Completely raw, palpable and emotionally charged. Like a private and intimate conversation with HRC where one laughs, cries and finds a sense of hope. Just a beautiful gift from her heart. She talks Trump, 2016, Bill, her life, her thoughts, her faith and so much more. SO VERY worth the read.
 I admire HIllary for fighting for women's rights, healthcare, and her commitment to public service. I'm happy she wrote down her side of the story because I was one of the millions of people who voted for her during the 2016 election. She withstood so many blows and there are important lessons to be learned from the last election. Hillary Clinton is a fighter and I'm glad she is continuing to stand up and speak out.
 Everything I hoped for! Hillary speaks from her heart here and answers questions she could not during the campaign. I couldn't stop reading it!
 Great, insightful recount of the election and the policies proposed by HRC. It also reminded me that I made the right decision in voting for Hillary Clinton in 2016!
 I've missed her so. The book is captivating, intimate (yes, intimate and honest, you HRC-haters!), and it makes what's happened that much more depressing. She would have made an unbelievable president. I'm so glad she wrote this book and finally felt that she could let loose.
 I wasn't sure what to expect but admit that I was fascinated and had to read it completely because it drew me in almost immediately. This is a very heartfelt first person account of what happened and the feelings she experienced during the campaign and in her loss.  I feel that despite press coverage to the contrary that she does accept blame upon herself quite clearly.  Yes there were also other factors that contributed to her loss outside of her own shortcomings. She acknowledges those things but doesn't use them to excuse her own mistakes and shortcomings. There can be no denying the other contributing factors because they were certainly part of the equation.  I appreciate that this is a raw and honest portrait of all she went through following a loss she hadn't anticipated.  Worthu reading material.
 Hillary's book, What Happened, is a good read. I got the book in the mail yesterday and began reading immediately. Some profound thoughts about how to pick yourself up again and move on with your principles. I love it; it has made me cry multiple times. I'll write more after I've finished it.
 I have just finished reading. I purchased both Audiobook and hardcover. Audiobook is read entirely by Hillary and it was really great.<br/><br/>I attended many political events including Trump and Sanders during the 2016 presidential election, and I wrote many articles about it for several Japanese media including Newsweek Japan. What Hillary wrote in WHAT HAPPENED was exactly what I saw and reported. I thought many American media was very unfair to her (and also to Kasich, but in a different way) and wrote about it. However, I was attacked viciously by not only Trump supporters but also from left leaning activists. By reading Hillary's memoire, these bad memories came back in full force.<br/><br/>I know many people who says "I just don't like Hillary" for no particular reason. I hope they will read this memoir without any prejudice as I listened to many GOP candidates without prejudice. I found Kasich likable and capable even though I didn't agree with some of his positions. I would've been so depressed if Kasich was the President instead of Trump.<br/><br/>I've been really depressed since November and I have not watched TV since that fateful night. But, I can't just be that way. As Hillary says in the end of the book, There was only one answer: "Keep going."
 Buy the audio book. It's the only way to get the true feeling about what Mrs. Clinton endured long before she entered the 2016 presidential race, directly from the candidate herself. Haters gonna hate, but she has the right to tell her own story, haters be damned.
 This is a clear, insightful, reflective book on Secretary Clinton's views on what happened during the her incredible run for the presidency.  It is unvarnished and exposes her strengths and weaknesses as a candidate as well as her feelings and dealings with all the outside sources who deeply affected her run for the presidency.  Her writing is clear, honest and beautifully written.  I think she reveals her true self as you read each succeeding chapter.  Since I lived through each one of the events and moments of ups and downs during her run for the presidency, it helped me to rethink what went right and wrong and should serve as a book that others who are politically inclined to run for office should probably read too.
 There is a lot of drama in the media, or on here for that matter, about this book. If you take it as is, without the unhinged outside commmentary, you will find a personal glimpse into her experience of the campaign. It is measured and thoughtful. There are just some people who can't take even light crticism of Bernie or Trump.
 Got it today ... can't wait to read it !
 Wonderful, intelligent woman who should be our president!
 Probably the most important book published this year. This is not hyperbole. This book chronicles the 2016 election from the mature and fair perspective of the first woman to get more than one electoral vote in a presidential election.<br/><br/>The audio-book version I highly recommend. While you might read through the book much quicker, the audio-book is a 16 hour reminder of how much better life would be with the careful meter and premeditated message of Hillary, compared with the rambling, nonsensical authoritarian gas-lighting of Trump.<br/><br/>We didn't do anything to deserve someone like Hillary. We needed to be the type of country that would have elected her by a landslide, because that country had a future. This one doesn't. Her account of what happened is important, it needs to be read, and it should be heard. And if we're lucky, it will inspire another leader like Hillary to take up her mantle and light up the darkness swallowing democracy whole, right before our eyes.
 I ordered two hard copy editions of this book - could not wait given the online response and ordered the Kindle edition.  I also ordered the audio version.  I listened to the first few pages and found that the audio and listening to HRC's voice was simply too emotionally moving for me.  I have read the<br/>half-way through and will update upon completion - I am delighted that finally someone is offering a clear-headed response to what has to be the most surreal election in all of American history.  I have grown weary of so many former supporters, now after the fact, blaming HRC for her loss and I am thrilled that she is clarifying the record as she and only she can.  An authentic self-reflection and inside look at the facts of the perplexing 2016 election. I did and continue to feel that she would have been a competent leader of the highest order. HRC continues to command respect by her careful analysis - the book seems true to her voice and style and in these "reality tv" times in which we live, I do believe that her staid and statesperson quality was no match for the "carny style" inflammatory rhetoric of DT.  The book is not a bodice ripper page turner expose , nor is or was Secretary Clinton gifted with the flash and sizzle of other politicians.  The book simply lays out the facts as she experienced them in her campaign.  Given today's penchant for flamboyancy and histrionics it is a credit to HRC's experience and talent that she garnered the support and majority of the popular vote.  She is quite simply, the real deal, a hard worker, brilliant, statesperson who might not have left us breathless but would have allowed all to breathe easy under her steady hand.  Bravo to former Secretary of State and all-around most resilient woman, Hillary Rodham Clinton... Something tightly wound within me, released,  on hearing this brilliant woman articulate my inner feelings on the election and the state of affairs that led to her defeat as President of these United States.  I can only say thank you Hillary Rodham Clinton for sharing invaluable insights and adding clarity to the historical record of this surreal time when many are wondering again and again as new abominations continue to unfold... just  ..."What happened?"  There are no surprises here but it is lovely to hear from HRC directly after all is said and done and over ...it helps with closure of that incredible loss and with moving onward with hope for a future to come.  Simply put her quiet measured tone is a needed antidote to the daily vitriole, ongoing ineptitude and egregious actions by the beneficiary of what happened in 2016.
 Loved this Book... Got the audio version right when it came out and couldn't stop listening... Went and got the book as soon as the stores opened and couldn't put it down... Like Hillary or not this book is an unbelievable look into her side of everything we watched play out in the 2016 Presidential Race... Amazing to hear Hillary  narrate also... ENJOY!!!
 Just finished "What Happened" by Hillary Clinton, I have been listening to it on audio, as she is the narrator and hearing her voice, has brought some level of comfort to the book.<br/><br/>It was hard listening to a reminder of the last election, but it is important to understand what happened. A lot of her critics, shrug the book off as a blame game. Which is not the case, she points out facts. In a world where Secretary Clinton says "is at war with the truth" where we have a government who presents its own "alternative facts," it's important to continue to tell the truth and point out the truths.<br/><br/>Still, she gives us a plan for the future. She pushes us to continue to fight, and she inspires us that even though we did not get the outcome we hoped for. We can make sure the next time an election happens we will get the outcome we hope for. She even gives tips on how to get involved in politics ourselves. ]<br/><br/>She stayed composed, dignified, and once again proved what true leadership looks like. (In comparison Trump posted a tweet of a fake GIF of someone clubbing her with a gold club in the head)<br/><br/>I teared up, at the end of the book, where Hillary mentioned her Wellesley speech in 1969 "Make the impossible, possible", and how even though we did not shatter the glass ceiling this time. Someday someone will, and I myself personally hope she is up front and center when it does.<br/><br/>She did not mention much of what she will do next, but she did say she will continue to stay in politics even though critics tell her to "go away", but like her role model Elanor Roosevelt who often received similar criticism during her most active years. She vows to stay in politics, to help elect future Democratic leaders, and in a speech to Wellesley college in May of 2017 a small hint at another run for Congress.<br/><br/>In my heart of hearts, I truly believe Hillary will go down in history as a legend, and I am proud to have been part of it.
 Forget the reviews in the mainstream media, in the alt-rt media and the noise around this book.  Turn your phone off, turn the TV off, turn the kids off, the spouse off and tell the dogs you are not interested in hearing about that squirrel AGAIN get into your most comfortable place and read what Hillary has to say herself about the election.  She was there after all.
 Love the intimacy created by Hillary's prose!!!  Aside from her prose, I love Hillary!!!  She should be our president!
 Candid, insightful, inspiring, well written. Hillary Clinton's knowledge, compassion and dedication make the reader long for what could have been. Her loss is more ours. A true American icon, a reflection of who she is and who we are as a nation.
 This book is an incredibly important read if we want to defend our Democracy against the ugly political tactics employed in 2016. We have a lot of hard lessons to be learned about how we work together, share ideas, negotiate differences, and write great policy in America. Hillary's point of view is truly unique and I'm so happy I read this book...it really gave me inspiration and food for thought.
 This is a lot broader than the 2016 election.  In spite of being demonized since she first appeared on the national stage in 1992, Clinton's public service  and accomplishments far exceed those of most people Ali e on the planet today.  She is authentic, introspective, and resilient.  More importantly, the book ends with hope for the future.
 “What makes me such a lightning rod for people’s fury?” Clinton asks. “I’m really asking. I’m at a loss.” <br/><br/>There's an answer. An unfortunate one, but true. <br/><br/>She's a woman. <br/><br/>"What Happened" is a very honest and raw reading- this is a side of Hillary Clinton I wish she had down more during the election. There are moments in this book where she is undoubtedly angry, and she has many valid reason to feel this way.  I thoroughly enjoyed the book, it was a cathartic experience for anyone who followed the 2016 election and felt disappointed with the outcome.
 Love all things Hillary and will enjoy reading this book.
 I will preface this that I have been a fan of Hillary Clinton since the 1990s. I find her inspiring and that was the primary reason I purchased this book. That said, even if I didn't have a positive view of her before reading What Happened, it would definitely have given me pause. Hillary Rodham Clinton is a rare mind and an accomplished author, regardless of how you feel about her. It's no surprise that of all the post-mortems of the 2016 election, this memoir is the most accurate and thoughtful one. This book is introspective, intelligent, and insightful. It's really good. Even if you were never a fan of hers it's worth a read. She discusses what she could or should have done differently as well as other factors that contributed to her 2016 loss. This is a reasoned, intelligent post-mortem of the most divisive US election in recent history.<br/>Some may try to claim that Clinton takes no responsibility for her loss, but they've obviously not read the book. People who don't like Hillary Clinton will never like this book but if you love her, like her or just have an open mind, I wholeheartedly recommend this book if you want a good look at the 2016 election from one of the principal players.
 Note that some of the one-star reviews were posted prior to Sept. 12, the book's release date.  Hillary has something to say.  When others have something to say they're not told to shut up and go away.  Over 65 million voted for her.  I was one of them.  I'm not finished with the book -- about half way through -- and I only just started reading it.  It's good.  It's well written.  It's a worthwhile read.  For anyone posting otherwise, I want to know if they've even read it or are just trying to manipulate the data/stars received.  You don't have to listen to me, but please don't listen to the BS.  Read it.  Decide for yourself.
 I had been waiting to hear Hillary Clinton's own perspective on the race, and I was not disappointed. She discusses a broad range of issues that affected the 2016 election so that we all can learn from her experience--and so that those of us who supported her can experience the catharsis we didn't know we needed. It has her characteristic analytic feel to it, along with candid observations that she didn't feel comfortable sharing when she was a candidate. Great--and fast--read. Highly recommend.
 I am not finished reading this book, but so far it's good. I think it's sad though that people are giving it just 1 star just because they don't like Mrs. Clinton, and not based on the book itself.
 She is the person we picked to be President!
 Great book, can hardly put it down and it just came today!
 I am enjoying reading this. Her personality comes through, as does her intelligence.
 Loved it!
 Insightful,honest &amp; well written account by the candidate who won the 2016 election.Hillary Clinton is a brave woman.
 Hillary's book is a smart and interesting glimpse into the 2016 election. It confirms what the majority of us have known for years. She's was the best person for the role of POTUS.
 After having read all her previous books, it's clear that she's let her guard down in this book and invites us in to experience the 2016 election the way she felt it and thought about it. She gets more personal than she has before but also provides a great deal of outside research and opinion to back up her arguments. It is also a very pleasant read and I've laughed out loud at certain parts as her wit and sense of humor take center stage. Highly recommended.
 This is a frank and refreshing look at what happened through the eyes of the first woman party nominee for President of the United States.  She covered many topic including her experiences before, during and after the campaign.  She addressed the  "woman" element which was rarely discussed during the campaign and I found it important and thought provoking.  I highly recommend this book to everyone, including those who did not support her.
 I've been reading "What Happened" by Hillary Rodham Clinton for a couple of days now, and she comes across as the normal, healthy, good-hearted, smart person whom sane people have seen her as all along.
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/What-Happened/dp/1501175564/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">What Happened</a> Extremely genuine and honest take on the most unprecedented race in modern American history.
 Excellent!
 I'm going through a difficult time at the moment and to see that Hillary was able to pick herself up - it gives me hope that I can do the same. That's why I'm reading this book. If I were her, I would have crawled into bed and never came out again. But she picked herself back up and this book is a reflection of that process and so much more. What Happened is well written, funny, intelligent, and offers a very insightful look at the 2016 election that no one else can offer us. We would be wise to listen so history will not repeat itself again. This book is not a blame-fest. She moves point by point on what she could have done better and where she went wrong. No one's listening though are they?  Nothing anyone says at this point will change the minds of those who openly hate on Hillary but the organized visceral and hate on here is disgusting. She has every right to tell her side of the story. You think anyone told Mitt Romney or John McCain they couldn't talk about their election loss? You think Bernie isn't profiting off of his?  Al Gore wasn't told to shut up. Hillary haters- think of all the time you have spent bashing her over this last year, all those minutes wasted. Tally them up and think what you could have been doing with your time instead. So many productive hours lost to hate. I hope you all find a new hobby soon.
 A very insightful, honest look at how America decided to commit suicide at the behest of a foreign enemy.
 Such an easy read and very insightful. She truly does let her guard down and come across in a conversational tone. I highly recommend this book to anyone interested in Madam Secretary Clinton, or the 2016 race in general. Not having such a thoughtful and intelligent leader such as Hillary Clinton as President is an epic blow to our democracy on every level.
 Beautiful, warm, funny... gives voice to what was experienced by millions.
 Go read it before the freedom of speech disappears in America.
 Certainly a true story of one of the bravest and most intelligent woman in our lifetime.  She is a true leader whose was demonized by all who were threatened by her.
 Really enjoyed this book. I also really like and admire Hillary Clinton.
 Well written and touching .  I was honored to read this book written by a woman i thoroughly admire
 Insightful explanation of the 2016 election by the person who understands it best. I appreciated the parts about the Obama legacy, and how she was trying to keep the party together in the face of divisive rhetoric.
 I really like the book. I'm sorry she is not our president.
 As I expected, Secretary Clinton wrote an incredible book that focuses on not just others who impacted the outcome of the election, but on her own failings in the negative outcome for her. Very well written, insightful and enjoyable!
 This book is bedazzling, full of the wisdom of the crone, with many crown jewels, in the form of apt quotations, sprinkled liberally, throughout.  At last, we have Hillary's point of view!  The book is organized into six sections, entitled Perseverance, Competition, Sisterhood, Idealism and Realism, Frustration, and Resilience.<br/><br/>Here is one of the spectacular quotations that frame the story:  What would happen if one woman told the truth about her life?  The world would split open.  –  Muriel Rukeyser<br/><br/>What Happened? is the story of a remarkable, intelligent, and caring woman, who doesn’t need to be President to add value to our lives; but who would have been excellent.
 Hillary is a articulate, smart writer who experienced her husband's two successful presidential campaigns, and her own narrowly lost 2008 run for the nomination and her narrow loss in 2016. That experience, which no one else on the planet can claim, made this a compelling read for me. Is she disappointed by the result? Absolutely, but for the right reasons. She openly discusses her motivations for running for office - to use the presidency as a position to better the lives of people both in the US and around the world. She does not proclaim her faith as loudly as many on the religious right, but her frequent citation of religious writings shows that she has spent much time immersed in scripture.<br/><br/>A quarter century of Republican character assassination has left a significant portion of the population with a highly emotional aversion to her. Those who come to this book with that preconception will not change their views.  But those who have admired her over the years for her work as First Lady in the Clinton administration, as senator from New York, as Secretary of State and as a co-founder of the Clinton Foundation will find this book a welcome and articulate expression of what we, as Americans, used to expect from our politics. The contrast between her thoughtfulness, intelligence and commitment to progress and the narrow-minded dystopian outlook of the current administration is there for all to see.<br/><br/>For those who blame Hillary for Trump's victory, and who would ask her to "go away," this book offers her hope that the darkness we now experience will someday turn to light.
 As always, Hillary does not insult my intelligence by leaving out specifics. If only voters valued informed, evidence-based pragmatic policy over the simplistic blame shifting. Voters want promises of "all or nothing" drastic change, not carefully planned incremental progress-- even when a majority of experts say otherwise. "Who knew healthcare policy was complicated?"
 Put simply: whatever your politics, read the book. Intelligent, insightful and brilliant prose. The tone, in particular, is that of a responsible leader, with an honest concern for the people, this country, and the very principles that we call "American." She deserves respect and a standing ovation -- from all of us -- this is our woman and our leader, gifting us her knowledge and her wisdom from the many years she has served this country. Her prose is absolutely stunning and lovely -- shifting from honesty to humor to the words of great thinkers. It is a remarkable and heartbreaking journey of a WOMAN who won the popular vote. That journey is about gender and sexism, not just about Clinton, but women and woman in politics and in America. I wonder how many women will read her memoir yet still prefer to wear that mask of innocence and ignore the problems of sexism that she faced but that they too also face. Hands down: Reading her rhetoric these last few hours and being reminded of her professionalism and expertise is absolutely rejuvenating and empowering. Such a bittersweet to have finished the book and to feel a desperation for her words and her heart to lead this country. Very few folks can write a good book; fewer folks can do that in several months. So eloquent, and pure genius, Mrs. Clinton. !!! #stillwithher
 Well written, engrossing reflection on the 2016 election and the mess we now have. It inspires me to look more deeply at our nation's serious problems and do what I can to fix them.
 I volunteered on both campaigns. The one in 2007-8, I was coordinator for New Mexico. I have just started the book and it is an insight into the extent of drama women face when they rum for office. I am so happy she sat down and wrote this book. I will post more later and the haters....well hopefully they will spotlight the book and encourage more to read it.
 We love this book!! Thanks Hillary, especially for narrating the book yourself!  When all of the noise cease, those of us who still believe in you, acknowledge your years of dedicated public service.<br/>Raw envy, jealousy and misplaced hatred will always run parallel with your successes, but that's just how it is!<br/>But as for me and my house, if we could, we would vote for you tomorrow!  By the way our family didn't feel "let down!"  In politics win some and you lose some.
 So far, so good.<br/>I lament the inaccessibility of H.R.C. as the 2016 presidential candidate for the Democratic Party that is evident from the first page of this book.<br/>She's candid, she's funny, self-deprecating and times, and although there is some finger-pointing, this all fits neatly between the covers of this book written from a human perspective, a woman with feelings, and with nerves of steel that have found their melting point.<br/>I will update my review upon completion of this book, but so far I'm rapt with curiosity of What Happened.
 Should be required reading for everyone before they comment on the elections or on Hillary Clinton, along with Susan Bordo.
 Excellent book. Extremely well written. Kept me interested the entire time. I voted for her in both 2008 and in 2016. Hillary was cheated out of that Presidency; I'm so incredibly sorry and would hope she'd run again ... Love Trump's Hate!  #ImStillWithHer! In my bucket list to meet her
 This book is different from anything that Hillary has written. For the first time, Hillary Clinton let's down her guards for a raw introspection into her feelings following her defeat. The book has a wry sense of humor that makes it a page Turner. Regardless of political affiliation, the book is worth a read.
 I am one of perhaps millions who were so shocked and horrified by the results of the presidential election that I could hardly get out of bed on November 9.  Besides being deeply worried for the country, I was also feeling absolutely terrible for Hillary.  Here was the most qualified candidate for president, perhaps ever in political history, who had dedicated her entire life to public service, losing to someone like Donald Trump.  To make matters worse, she rightfully saw herself as a standard bearer for women everywhere so she also carried the burden of letting our gender down.<br/><br/>My hope was that this book would not only enlighten with regard to the campaign, and why she did what she did, but would also give supporters like me a chance to see how she is recovering.  I was absolutely delighted when feisty excerpts from the book started coming out in the media, followed by candid interviews with her.  Hillary unleashed!<br/><br/>I’ve been devouring this book ever since it hit my Kindle at 10:30 pm last Saturday night, and loving every minute.  It is a very well written and an engagingly honest, often humorous, account of the election from her perspective.  You feel as if she is right there, telling you how she felt during the inauguration, during the debates, on the set of Saturday Night Live, in a parking lot waiting for the Cubs to win the World Series.  She admits her mistakes, explains why she made some controversial decisions, and doesn’t shy away from placing blame where she thinks it should be.  She tells us why we should be hopeful for the future, and what we need to make sure doesn't happen again.<br/><br/>Hillary is a brilliant leader with unparalleled experience who would have made a fantastic president.  I am sad every day that she lost the election because of our antiquated Electoral College system to an unethical buffoon.  But she is a fighter.  She will be ok.  And so will we.
 I am so delighted to see the candor and honesty that I have always wanted Sec. Clinton to express but because of her stature and the double standard that she had to face in her life and election, she could not.  I hope that the next stage of her life she will lead women to Equality, Respect for one another, and realization of our value.<br/>I see her as a heroine to have gone through the war that she had to in 2016 and come out with dignity and three thousand million more votes than the cheater, sexist, vile man that is in the office that she should be in.<br/>This is a must read for all of us who asked ourselves that question after the election and still are bewildered, disappointed and ashamed of our country!!!
 This is the story of the first female major party candidate for President of the United States, and she has an important story to tell.  But the most important lesson in this story is, when you peel away all of the complex layers, at the very core, Hillary Clinton is a human being.  She's a smart, insightful, resilient, inspiring, kind, caring, pragmatic human being.  This book is a journey through her heart and soul.
 Indisputable that "Hillary-bashing" has, over four decades, become a national pastime and major money-maker for shock-jocks, neo-conservatives, self-styled evangelicals and others who make their meal by providing "villains" Americans can blame for their ills.  This book gives a full view into the mind of any woman who has had to fight for her own identity, her own victories and acknowledge her own defeats.  To say that Secretary Clinton doesn't "take the blame" for losing is horribly unfair. She has and she does here - often. It is as unfair as denying the boulder-sized obstacles she faced as she tried to navigate a historical nomination and election. The book's tone is conversational - you can feel the bewilderment, vulnerability and indomitable spirit she possesses that demands that she forge ahead, as well as the hurt.<br/><br/>It has only been this past 2 years that I "got to know" Mrs. Clinton by gobbling up rare interviews with her friends and acquaintances, researching her many achievements and reading fact-based articles written about her. As I read this book, I hurt with her as, I expect, millions of other female "square pegs" trying to fit into round holes will do - particularly the bewilderment at the refusal of people to believe that what we saw was what we were getting. Four decades of conspiracy theories, supposition and baseless accusations had left their mark with few of her "enemies" willing to acknowledge that there were no ulterior motives or agendas - just a willingness and eagerness to serve Americans.<br/><br/>Mrs. Clinton rightfully excoriates the pundits who seemed to rejoice in promoting the propaganda (emails!) and gleefully discussed her "trust issues."  Let's face it - at the end it took the combined effort of a hostile/habitually bashing media, the GOP, Wikileaks, Assange, Trump, Putin, Russian intelligence AND the FBI to try to take her out - and she STILL won the popular vote.  Does she celebrate that? Of course! She has every right to.  Does she call them out?  Absolutely! She has every right to do so.<br/><br/>I always measure a person by how many true friends they have.  Mrs. Clinton has earned the trust and loyalty of hundreds of people and this book illustrates why.  Away from the cameras we get a glimpse of the often comical, pragmatic woman under the professional veneer that America demands of powerful women. I wish, during the campaign that she'd just have let loose on her opponents - even while I (and she) know what would have happened - her detractors &amp; the right-wing would have jumped on ANY show of emotion as proof that women were too "fragile" to be president.  Hillary Clinton sailed into unchartered territory and left a roadmap for the women that will follow her.<br/><br/>At the end, we see Hillary the human being - wife, mother, grandma - that so many forget or refuse to believe exists. We experience the torment of hindsight that plagues all of us.  Before you read this book, close your eyes and imagine yourself in her shoes - and you'll reap the full reward of reading it.
 Every word and observation makes me grieve with renewed anguish. To have such knowledge and wisdom would truly<br/>help America and the Global World which Hillary Clinton fully comprehends. She has always worked on refining these qualities in herself. Her insight, intelligence, and humanity are gifts which she has shared for other 35 years. Self expression and examination is the rarest form of personal insight and wisdom. She has emerged from the greatest and most public of disappointments and loss to be a public servant. It has been less than a year; what a remarkable gift; as ever she continues to reach, stretch, and grow. For those who would speak of charisma, isn't grace even more beautiful?
 Finally received it. Took a little longer than expected, but worth the wait. I've already gotten into the book and it shows how real this woman is. Highly recommend it if you watched the election in any capacity.
 Painfully truthful and just how most of us felt at the loss to our country.
 I just started the Sisterhood Chapter. I am gripped and cannot put this book down.  It's bold, it's raw, and it's riveting.<br/><br/>Guess what else? I'm not the only one who has a thing for Goldfish Crackers!<br/><br/>Don't be scared of the book. You won't be re-living the election. Rather, you will be finding out for the first time what HRC was really thinking at certain times during the campaign.<br/><br/>This book is EPIC and will go down in history as What Happened in 2016.
 This book is about HER story. What she felt like America needed, how she felt throughout the campaign, how she felt on November 9th and the months afterward, etc. Hillary Clinton will always deserve more credit than she ever gets and I can only hope this book will let the American public show her just how much she truly is beloved.
 An enthralling account of the election from Hillary's point of view.  The detail and thought processes behind her every move and how sexism and other factors played a role in the campaign.  I  felt like I was really able to relate with her on a personal level. I loved it. 5 stars
 Could not put it down. Honest, direct and fascinating. History that we were all involved in exposing behind the scene facts. For me, it answered many questions and has helped me come to a more balanced assessment of a very disturbing and shocking set of circumstances. Above all, the words of this courageous, persevering woman has again lifted my spirit and heart. Although I feel this country squandered the best opportunity to elect someone that would have propelled us into a better future, Hillary is still here with all the qualities that have inspired and sustained us with hope and promise.<br/>History will show that she was a "giant" n the story of women'struggle for equality and respect.
 Very good book especially to all the people who took the time to vote it's very sad someone would buy the book to endure their political views!! this book was for all her suppouters and people who voted for her as a candidate not for her opposition who is upset at the fact Hillary Clinton Is not down in the dumps .
 Honest and complex. Well worth the read to understand how we are where we are today.
 A third of the way through and so loving it.  What an articulate, insightful and powerful woman!  Keep doing good in the world, Hils!!
 Insightful and fascinating. I wasn't sure if I wanted to go back to that horrible time, but glad I did albeit in book form. It's sad what we lost when she lost.
 Thank you for letting your guard down!
 I love Hillary, and I love this book.  Very personal, raw and emotional.  I LOVE the fact that anti HRCers actually had to spend money on this book just to give it a 1 star verified purchase.  Hillary thanks you for your support.  I also LOVE the fact that little girls all over the world look up to Hillary and will be a generation of women who will make changes for the good of all.
 Tough to relive the election again, but worth it for the insightful look into a truly brilliant mind, along with a rare glimse of her thoughtful soul. The right book if you want to get a better understanding of how this larger-than-life woman ticks.
 Heartbreaking, the story of our times. Thank you for writing it.
 Hilarious, snarky, painful, bittersweet, heartfelt, and ultimately - for me, at least - cathartic.  Totally worth a read, even if it means ripping the bandaid off the gaping wound of 2016.  I can only hope we're in the darkest timeline and there's some better alternate universe where Trump didn't win...
 This book is such an easy read! Cannot put it down, it is so candid and interesting. History will be kind to her, her haters will be shamed forever.
 Insightful and interesting.  As suspected, very well written.....
 Open, honest, warm, heartbreaking, juicy, funny. A good, quick read for everyone.
 Unlike most people I actually got the book and didn't just leave a bad review due to political ties. I supported Hillary whole heartedly and love this salve into her psyche during the campaign. I got the audio, hesitantly after seeing someone saying it was Siri, but it's her and great to hear her words from her. This book shows that she is human, she wanted to win for the right reasons and she,like us, has smelled a rat from day one. If you are still upset over the election and feel Trump is a joke then enjoy this inside look.
 This book is incredible---open, intelligent, warm, funny, and gut-wrenching. It reads so smoothly that you can blast through the 500 pages with ease and wish for 500 more. Highly recommended!
 Insightful, funny, heartbreaking and inspiring. Her candor is refreshing. It's nice to finally hear here perspective.
 This book is stunning for its honesty and promise for the future. I could not put it down. We lost an opportunity to have a truly great American president!!
 I'm about a third through the book. I've laughed and cried throughout. Hillary definitely didn't disappoint with this book. Amazingly written but a very easy read.
 The book is beautifully written and superbly edited. It is not a whine fest, no matter what the people that did not actually read it say. She brings her great intellect to the retrospective and examines the multiple layers of unconnected and connected events that contributed to what went wrong with the election. She begins with her thoughts on her own failure. The failure to get the job done for all the people who supported her, those who worked directly for her, and her fears for what a trump presidency means for America. That is just Chapter One. Don't fall for headlines and memes. Get the book and read it so you actually know what is in it.<br/><br/>Thank you Hillary for taking us from shock, to pain, to a glimmer of the future, and beyond.
 I love it.  I'm so glad she told her side of the story.
 It was delivered this afternoon and I couldn't put it down. Quite the page turner.
 Well-written and inspiring.
 The insights in this book help one to understand the current situation and how we got here. Whether you like Hillary Clinton or not her perspective is enlightening.<br/><br/>Lastly the recommendation for Marie Sharp's habanero pepper sauce led to the best hot sauce I have ever tasted. Ordered it on Amazon.<br/><br/>As usual the negative reviews are by individuals that did not purchase the book. Amazon should only allow reviews from the loyal customers that paid for the book to render opinions.
 This book is an important historical account of the election, and because of that, at times was hard to read as it's a reflection of what we didn't know then, but that is still evolving. It's more than a snapshot of history though, it is also a roadmap of where to go from here, as she says - resist, insist, persist, enlist. The last chapter, Resilience, was my favorite, especially Tala's speech. I do hope people take the time to read this. I was fortunate enough to be a young staffer in the WH for a minute in 1993, and she is who these pages show her to be, and who she is to me - an inspiring, smart, honest, emerald who like me wants too see America become its greater, kinder self.
 I bought this book tonight on my Kindle app, and OH MY GOSH! It is just incredible. I started off with the sample and I was very interested on how Mrs. Clinton felt and I had to buy. I just fell in love with her personality. I love the way she writes. She stays true to what she endured during the campaign. I am 23 year old woman from a small town in Alabama and I am a hardcore fan of hers. My husband and I were probably the only ones who voted for her in our county but I truly believed in her and I always will. I am not yet finish reading this amazing book! It's a must buy.
 First, Hillary is a good writer.  She can put forth a complex argument in a way that is clear and easy to understand. She is willing to put herself out there and to state things that can be fact-checked. She knows when to interject a note of wry humor and when to simply state the facts in such a way that will make anyone with a heart and conscience tear up. This book is essential reading for anyone who is serious about understanding the election of 2016.
 Unlike many of the recent reviews, I am actually reading the book. It's a great read so far. Its a very candid glimpse into the mind of Hillary Clinton.... and very difficult to put down!
 Like her or not, this is her view, nobody can take that away from her. Pretty cool to get an idea of what was going on behind the scenes during the elections and the thoughts guided the decisions that were made.
 It's unbelievable what this amazing woman has been through. This book lays it all out and made me cry and feel despair for her, for myself, and especially for our country. Fortunately, it's also an inspiration to keep going.  I think America will see the energy Hillary has generated through this book &amp; her life.
 Well done.
 Well written and very interesting.  She repeatedly takes responsibility, but as we know there were some other massive forces interfering here.  The book is reassuring, and an illuminating journey through the decision to run and coping with the loss.  The loss is not just hers, but that of the majority who voted for her, so yes, we do need to hear from her. Anyone who doesn't need not read it,
 Well read by Hillary, gives it more meaning with her reading her own words.
 Thank you for having the courage to write and share your thoughts. I feel privileged to read this book and inspired. I hope you never stop!
 Impressed by the book so far and I love that it's narrated by the author!
 Inspiring. A privileged and indispensable view of the 2016 campaign.
 A riveting eyewitness account of one of the most bizarre and consequential elections in American history by the first woman to stand as a major party's nominee for president. Hillary Clinton, as you've never heard her before. I laughed, cried, admired, and learned a lot about a woman I thought I knew. A crucial first draft of the history of this crazy time.
 Let the woman speak.
 A bestseller!! Love you Hillary
 Great book.  Could not put down.  Restored some of my sanity
 I love the way she tells this in first person, and in a way that feels you truly understand what's in her mind. Honestly, it's been a difficult read as the pain of the election is shockingly still raw, but a great read nonetheless. Well done, Hillary.
 What a great book. Hillary revealed raw feelings about what she really was thinking. Those of us that supported her know the real Hillary.  Like Michelle said, she took the high road! I respect Hillary for running a classy campaign! Thanks, again Hillary for coming back into our lives!
 Got my copy the day it was released and couldn't put it down. I found it to be quite amazing -- and it was so much more than I thought it would be.  I laughed, I cried, and I learned so much.  When I hear people criticitizing the book on TV or on the radio or giving it a poor review, I can tell right away that they haven't read it. Buy the book. Read it.  You might just be pleasantly surprised.  Great book, Hillary. Congrats!
 It is 3:30 a.m. but I could not put this book down. Hillary is a hard core survivor and she has a grasp of politics as no one else. I suffer from Trump trauma, as drama infests this adminstration and Trump's mind on a daily basis. But Hillary understands the complex issues and if the Democrats were smart, they would utilize this incredible resource. I hate biographies, but this one was different. Her intelligence, humanity and dignity reminded me that we can persist; we can persevere. I thought that reading the book would open new wounds. It did not. It just reminded me how strong we can be in the face of adversity and gave me strength and peace.
 Honest and inspiring!
 I bought the Audible version of Hillary's book "What Happened . It was great to listen to her speak her words and tell her thoughts. I cried, I laughed, I have hope. She has given me the initiative to reach out to others for their good work in womens/human rights. I will let them know how much I appreciate them.i am so grateful for her writing this book.
 Honest and open by a clearly articulate and knowledgeable woman. Hard to put down with many fascinating glimpses into both the campaign and the person...and the US electorate.
 Loved it
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading her perspective.
 A very sincere, passionate and pristine perspective. I fell in love again with Ms. Clinton. May God continue to bless her soul.
 Loving every second of it.
 This book is well written and filled with wit. Clinton literally just writes about what happened in her view. I'd suggest this book to anyone who wants to have Clinton's unfiltered thoughts on the 2016 election and her opinions on the political process.
 Hillary Clinton's smart, articulate and reasonable first person account of this past year is definitely worth the read. Whether you like her or not, she's informative, thoughtful and candid about the effects of this past election. Her wisdom in dealing with this life changing, unprecedented event can be uplifting for many who are still shell shocked. Not only do you see accounts from a personal perspective, you can learn how one might cope and bounce back from things that are far from our control. Insightful and uplifting, it made me sad and embarrassed for our society but it also made me hopeful. Once again, Hillary Clinton took the bruises for women moving toward equality and once again she's done it with grace and dignity. For those that call it whining, they have clearly not read a page. She is one of the smartest politicians we've ever had to run for president and she articulates the hardships of being a woman doing it. Every woman can relate and every man could use a glimpse into this thoughtful psyche.
 It's so refreshing to read a book written by an intelligent woman. Every word rings true. It's shameful that so many in this country hate strong women.
 Smart, funny, emotional, and fascinating.
 The people writing negative reviews lead me to believe they haven’t read the book. She says throughtout the book she made mistakes and it was her fault but also is not going to bring up the outside factors. Made me feel so much better about the election hearing it from her.
 I hadn't intended to read this book because I haven't recovered yet from the shock of the election results. But I'm glad I bought it. Now that I have the book in hand, I'm savoring it slowly.
 Hard to relive all over again but concise, brutally honest, oddly hopeful in these darkest of days.  Do yourself a favor....read it.
 This book rocks!!!
 Just finished reading this book — I know, in one day! I couldn't put it down. Here is to hoping HRC runs again.
 A wonderful look through the eyes of the woman who was center stage. Such a defining moment in history that left many of us asking, just what she intended to answer in this book, "what happened?"
 Very interesting to hear about the most vitriolic campaign in modern history from someone on the inside. She's a great writer.  About as good as could be expected given that not enough time has passed to gain more perspective. Very insightful and more fair than could be expected.
 It's Great, really enjoying it so far.
 I have to say, this is a different book for Clinton. I can't believe how unreservedshe is, she really answers some of our most pressing questions. I actually didn't want to stop reading.
 Very well done as is the narrated version.
 Love this lady, so glad she's back!
 Just like her entire ouvre, What Happend (so far) is concise, engaging, patriotic and inspiring.  Amazon, thank you thank you thank you for culling the negative reviews.  My personal favorite is the 'she blames everyone but herself' line, when on page like iv she says 'i have no one else to blame but myself (but...)."  The trolls won the battle because those of us who read books were too busy assuming that truth and decency defend themselves.  Who will win the war?
 I might come back and change this review -- WHEN THE BOOK IS PUBLISHED SO I CAN ACTUALLY READ IT. I am just dazzled at by all the people here who got advance copies -- OR NOT SO MUCH. Not that they would actually HAVE TO READ THE BOOK TO REVIEW IT. They can do that in their sleep, right? And they did! I especially like the guy who whined (while accusing Clinton of whining) that most Democrats would have preferred Bernie -- which like totally explains why Clinton got TWO MILLION MORE VOTES. Because -- like -- we forget who we are blaming today for Sanders' loss -- but like -- Hillary is just blaming everyone else! She isn't taking responsibility like Sanders did when he lost. Oh. Wait. Never mind. It is not so much that the reviewers so far need to read THIS book -- it's that they need to read ANY book. Any book at all. Helpful courses of study might include human psychology with special emphasis in the causes of projection and emotional immaturity lingering into adulthood would be helpful. A little American history and poli sci wouldn't hurt anything either.
 It's great to finally get a thoughtful and honest account of what went on and how the terrible result of this election happened. I applaud Hillary for finding the courage and poise to tackle such a sensitive topic and look back at some of the most confusing and upsetting days of modern history. If it weren't for the unnecessary and failed existence of the electoral collage, we would be celebrating her as Madame President. Forever and always, #ImWithHer
 A great and candid overview of the campaign from Secretary Clinton. It is raw and authentic at times, and brings back wounds opened during last year's election.
 This is such a good book...Her speaking style is right here in black and white. ...She is the rightful president, and she still has much wisdom to share...Her whole public life has been a struggle against haters. She is a strong woman, and it comes across in her book. Worthwhile addition to my favorite book collection!!!!!!
 This book is written in exactly the voice that Hillary should have been using all along.  So glad that the real Hillary has appeared and she now gets to say exactly what she thinks.  Don't listen to the trolls - this book recounts an important piece of American history that needs to be remembered.  Definitely worth your time.
 Incredibly Honest 2016 Election Recap. This was a complex election and HRC does an excellent job of laying it out for us.  Loved every page.
 I strongly disagree with the negative reviews. Clinton completely takes blame for her mistakes; however, we have never had such a "perfect storm" in politics with the clear Russian influence, the "fake news", the FBI interference and a reality star with zero governing experience running for office. Clinton reveals a side of her that we have not really seen before. She is honest, heartfelt and reveals information that the media really did not reveal during the campaign. She does show how intelligent and committed she is to our country ( qualities the current White House is sorely lacking as it is led by a true narcissist). Finally, even after all she went through, she ends her book on a positive note asking all readers to become involved in theri communities.
 Going to share it with my kids one day.
 Hillary, you inspire me. Totally candid, heartfelt and courageous. Thank you for your service to this country- Shows we are the stringer gender. Peace and Love to you. READ IT AMERICA!
 Honest, intelligently written by one of the most popular, competent politicians. To understand how Russia, FBI stole our election. To understand how sexism/misogyny work in our culture.
 While I have yet to finish the book, I am finding it a great read and am grateful she wrote it.  Thus far the books makes me wish she's not done.<br/><br/>Up front, I voted for Hillary Rodham Clinton in the general election, because I know a President MUST be a moral personal and grabbing p******s to make her want you is not acceptable behavior.  Part of me wanted our President to be the right choice and his business background certainly put him in a position to maybe be the right person, but after 9 months and so many gaffs, goofs, and outright inability to fill all the vacancies, and accomplish his major goal, my vote for former Secretary of State Clinton was the right one.<br/><br/>I'll update this review once I'm done with the book.
 Outstanding!! Recommended highly!!
 Bought this for my Kindle. Am only about 20% in and am already in love with the way it is written, by such an articulate, educated and fascinating person. Reading this gives me mixed emotions, but is well worth it. Hillary Clinton is far from perfect but would have been an amazing President. A far cry from the toddler we have instead.
 Excellent, insightful, heartfelt
 It is a book of truth, whether people like it or not.
 Very well written and reminds me once again why I will always admire Hillary--her intellect, resilience; her indomitable spirit and her caring nature.  Her ability to rise up once again to continue the constant battle against inequality and injustice when most people would just give up.  I have a lot to learn from her and she is definitely an inspiration.  I highly recommend this book.
 As difficult as it is to fully realize that Hillary lost the election, it was a great read and I love her!!
 Honest. Heart-felt. Insightful. Funny. Brilliant.
 A painful and painstakingly written account of a significant moment in American history written by the person at the center of it all.<br/><br/>"What Happened" is a tribute to the many people, the "village" that made Clinton's campaign capable of making history. Everyone is named, thanked, praised. Reading it has been an experience. I've laughed out loud and cried for what might have been and for the crushing loathing heaped upon a woman who has spent a life serving her country and been reviled for it by her colleagues, the media and her opponents.<br/><br/>Anyone who claims she takes no responsibility of her loss has clearly not read the book. As women do, she takes more than her share of responsibility, but she is plain-spoken when she assigns some portion to the many vectors that affected the election.<br/><br/>Less like a book and more like a long conversation with Presidential Candidate Clinton, this book is a valuable piece of American history.
 Love, love love this book. Hillary you were screwed without a kiss.  Loved your book, loved you, loved seeing you on the View. Go forth and spread the word
 I love it!!!
 A great read and interesting look at what happened. A lot of it offers small details on the campaign for fans, but Clinton also tackles issues that arose over the course of the election.
 I love Hillary. Its so nice to hear from her, in her words, how the election loss effected her. I'm very glad she wrote this book. I needed to read it. Great writing style, she's as smart as she is tough.
 Terrific! Definitely also get the audio version and listen to this story in HRC's own words. She answers the questions and takes responsibility for missteps along the way. Watch her interview on The Rachel Maddow Show. Real and honest, especially vis a vis women in politics. She addresses sexism v. misogyny and how much more prevalent it was in 2016 -- a reaction to having had Obama as president. An important read especially with this male-dominated administration.
 A very interesting read. A wealth of information. What went wrong is about what is wrong with America today.
 Luv you Hillary!!  For people who just want to complain about this book DON'T READ IT...
 I wasn't expecting much from this book but OMG I LOVED it. It's inspirational, humane, beautifully and authentically written... I didn't want to be an HRC fan last year, nor this. But she's utterly and irresistibly loveable. The more I hear her authentic voice (and this comes through in this book), and the less constrained she is by the Democratic machine, the more relatable and impressive she becomes. A wonderful book by an extraordinary person living through surreal times.
 Excellent book, covering the topics that should be front and center in the minds of all Americans. Russian intervention in the US presidential election, and so much more. It is important to dig into what happened and why, for the protection of America - and American values. It was also nice to hear from Hillary, in an unfiltered free voice. The book is authentic and accessible, covering the personal and public aspects of what happened. I highly recommend.
 Down to the heart she went and she had a lot of guts to do this. Great read.<br/>She is a great patriot and human being and I wish she was sitting in the oval office<br/>To all the one star reviewers that will comment on my review, please educate your self with the “fake news” aspect<br/>and don’t be blind to the truth. Our country deserves it!!
 A great read. It really lays the foundation for what progressives need to do to oust Trump in 2020 (should he last that long). To all of those complaining about Clinton: if you haven't bothered to read her book up, shut up!
 Funny, insightful, wise, and a reminder of what could have been.
 It's painful to read, because Hillary is my President.  But it is clear, thoughtful, self-reflective and honest.
 Honest and inspiring!!!
 This is a wonderful book. Wise and wonderful,  poignant and funny, disturbing and healing. And most of all IMPORTANT to read and understand WHAT HAPPENED and to make sure it never happens again.
 The tragedy of the stolen 2016 election threatens our democracy.  How can a candidate who got the most votes, lose?  No other civilized society allows the second place candidate to become President.  The Electoral College was invented to appease Slave states in 1787.  Think about that!  Hillary spends every day feeling terrible about "losing".  She won.  America lost.
 A candid, personal look at the 2016 election filled with anecdotes and stories - some touching, some funny, some painful.  It's a no-holds-barred account told from her unique perspective as the first woman to run for President on a major-party ticket.  The most enjoyable and personal of any political book I've ever read.  Personally, I found it to be much more than a political rehash of the election: I found it to be an inspiring story or resilience and perseverance.
 Brilliant Hillary emphasized from the very start that this is her 'personal journey'. "It’s the story of what I saw, felt,"....So unless you don't have the basic capacity to understand what is "personal", you would twist her words into something else.<br/><br/>Anyways, I got truly inspired by her! Her intelligence, willpower, public service, to name a few. God-willing, after I finish my current courses next year, I will take journalism too. Because I like this book a lot! So realistic, relatable, honest, encouraging! Thanks HRC! You're the best and most qualified to be the people's president!
 Amazing Book, thank you Hillary for putting it all out there so we know the truth. Your still our President!
 This book is candid, thoughtful, exhaustive, and an amazing post mortem of the 2016 election from one of the candidates. Secretary Clinton did a fantastic job and I could recommend this book more highly.
 My Irish Gran, 82,she who reads Tea leaves, who put me on a tic tac diet (I lost forty lbs.) also gives Hilliary five stars for sheer bravery. She sees books on this lonely year in America's life being written ten, twenty, forty years from now, each with a different story,but with a different ending. Bought two books, so far. Perhaps,more for grand daughters. Come on down Hilliary will give you my own handwoven Nantucket basket woven on the island, and treat you to tastiest lobster roll ever, at Bayside,ditto the chowder. thank you for opening your soul to women, it is time to leave the laundryroom, by golly. Janice
 Witty, eye-opening and honest.<br/><br/>A delightful &amp; insightful read.
 This is the best book.  I got it when came out, took the day off from work to read.  Couldn't put it down.  Madam President I love you your are beautiful, brilliant and a great leader.  This book is priceless I've bought several copies and I'm saving one for my 9 year old grand-daughter.  Thank you or writing it and for telling us your story.  You are an American Treasure.
 I hope at least a couple handfuls of people who believe they "dislike" or "distrust" Hilary Clinton read her book.  She raises some serious issues dealing with sexism, misogyny, rise of hatred, and the media's unfortunate race for ratings instead of educating through reporting, and the 2016 election that, as a nation and individuals, need to considered, discussed, and addressed.
 Haters, take note: Hillary Rodham Clinton is not going away anytime soon. Nor should she. Love her or hate her (there seems to be no in between), HRC has made history and has earned the right to publish her story and offer her unique perspective.<br/><br/>The stunning and shocking election defeat of this extremely well-qualified, highly intelligent woman can be, at times, a bit hard to relive.<br/>"What Happened" not only goes into meticulous detail regarding Hillary's historic campaign, but gives a great deal of her background history, highlighting her career achievements and the obstacles she's hard to overcome to get to where she is today. The chapter on women in politics is heartbreakingly frustrating and poignant. Above all, this book is well written and gives a great deal of insight into Hillary's thoughts and personality. For me it was an emotional rollercoaster.
 Clearly written, a lot calmer in tone than one might expect
 So fascinating to hear the truth
 Read a lot already !!!!!!great read!!!!!!!👍👍👍👍👍👍💗💗💗💗
 haven't finished but it is a fast an easy read.  I love the expressiveness of her writing here.  Wish she were our president
 This book will become a historical reference.  It is the first woman Presidential nominee of a major party's personal experience and forthright assessment of the danger of Russia interference to cause chaos in an effort to destabilize and undermine Western democracies.  It brings higher awareness of voter suppression even now being furthered by GOP, and rampant sexism and racism that clearly impacted the 2016 election.  FB became a weaponized system to manipulate American citizens directed by Putin.  It displays how easily played misinformed voters were by propaganda and left their logic at home when going to the polls.  It is a story about resilience, our nation, healing, and raw emotions of disappointment and trauma for Hillary and collectively.  "What matters most is what happens next."  A treasure of a book by a remarkable public servant.
 Amazing book.  Hillary allows you to take a step into her mind and heart.  Be ready to be floored. The reader is allowed to view the thoughts and events through Hillarys eyes.  There is a sense of unfilteredness in how she expresses herself.
 One of the best female Americans
 Love to read her perspective! Great writing. Very powerful. Such a threat open honesty is especially when there is nothing left to lose. I am going to make time to read her previous published books now.<br/><br/>Very entertaining the haters will make money for her just to leave a bad rating. Her best revenge!
 I'm so glad that Hillary wrote this book. As a supporter that was proud to proclaim "I'm With Her", I was devastated by the election results. I wanted so much to hear her thoughts and feelings about everything that happened. Thank you Hillary for allowing us to read your insight on the process and the results.
 Great to hear HRC's side about a historic election.
 it is a great book
 An honest self criticism. Read in 3 days. A personal insight from a woman who has been through a lot
 This book is a wonderful assessment of the 2016 election and goes into the mind of Hillary Clinton. Hillary blames herself for her loss, but also discusses the additional factors that went into her loss. It's great to finally get her unguarded and uncensored take on the election, Bernie Sanders, and Donald Trump.
 I'm not yet finished with 'What Happened,' and want to savor every word, so will come back to write a more complete review upon completion. However, I am finding this to be an insightful &amp; intelligent account of the historic, albeit catastrophic, 2016 presidential election and of a frightening &amp; eye-opening time in our country's history. There are so many aspects to this well-written &amp; personal book -- touching on race, misogyny, patriarchy, subterfuge, international spying, cybercrime, corruption of social media, demagoguery, immigration, policies addressing health, climate, international relations, and so much more. This is an important historical treasure, and I believe one does oneself a disservice by simply choosing to ignore the insights presented by a brilliant woman, writer, scholar, politician, and patriot in this pages of this book. And, no, Hillary Clinton should not sit down or keep quiet, not now, not ever.
 A brilliant lady and an important read.
 I'm reading this book right now. This is the person I've long known from a distance, the real Hillary speaking from her heart (and making me cry a little). I have just bought the book for my two daughters, and also for my two granddaughters, whose best dream had been for Hillary to come for dinner and who got up the next morning and cried to hear she had lost.
 i decided to purchase this book as an audible so i could hear it from Hillary herself. I'm glad I did. It makes it so much more interesting. I don't usually buy politician type books, but i knew i wanted to with this one. This country was attacked with this past election and the country was robbed of its very decency. This is an awesome book and the people that 'hate it' are the very ones who are a danger to democracy.
 Every adult American will benefit from experiencing (reading) this openly informative view of our political system with only the truth written.
 This is a great book.  Love it!!  I think this is her best book yet!  This book lays out the hard truth that many people are not going to like.  Excellent book.  Also, can't this on audio also.  She would have been and excellent president.  Sadly we got stuck with Trump but it is nice knowing she is still active and will be for a very long time.  Thank you Secretary Clinton for your and dedication to this country.
 I have not finished the book, but so far it is a nice read!
 Love!!!!!!  It's hard to put this book down. I'm enjoying it so much. USA blew it. She would have been an amazing President for ALL Americans
 I have just started the audio--THE VERY FIRST THING THAT THE MS HILLARY RODMAN CLINTON DOES IS TO TAKE PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR HER LOSE---BUT, BUT SHE WAS NOT THE ONE AND ONLY ONE TO BE BLAMED--REALITY CHECK --SAYING THAT THERE ARE OTHERS TO BE BLAMED ALSO IS NOT THE SAME THING AS BLAMING THEM ONLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! After all, I canvased the neighborhood for her and I am hopeful that she agrees with me --THAT THERE ARE LESSONS TO BE LEARNED IN ORDER FOR DEMOCRATS TO WIN--THE LESSON THAT I BELIEVE--AND AM LOOKING FORWARD TO SEE IF SHE AGREES WITH ME IS--the way that the polling is done needs to be changed--it must include how many registered voters live in that area compared to how many took part in the poll, so that people know how reliable that poll is OR IS NOT!!!
 Best insight, to date, of the 2016 pres campaign.  Probably will stay that way for many years.
 Hillary Clinton is the most qualified person, male or female, to run for president, ever. She is amazing, strong, qualified, knowledgeable, steady, inspiring, kind, empathetic, and tough as nails. And there is no greater proof of the misogyny she describes in the book than the volume of "sit down and shut up" reviews and responses from people trying to silence her from telling her story. Who wants to hear Hillary's take on the 2016 election? The first woman who *will* be elected president, that's who.
 Honest, unwavering sense of ethics, self-awareness. Takes responsibility and demonstrates leadership in the face of clear sexism and political sabotage.
 Fantastic read! A book full of insights and surprises. So many of her supporters like myself, lived through every gut wrenching,or heart warming moment with Hillary Clinton during the campaign. It has been a tremendous loss. 2016 was our chance to have probably the most prepared,intelligent,compassionate, president in my lifetime.This book lifts me, the reader up,and gives me hope that eventually we will move forward again. We are stronger together. Thank you Hillary Clinton for all of your service to our United States of America.
 This book is exceptional as is its author
 What happened to her is what happened to us all, not just in the USA but in the world.  We ALL lost out.  Love her honesty and intelligence.  Here's to hoping that this book helps to prevent anything like the 2016 "election" from EVER happening again.  From misogyny to Russian interference to an out-of-control FBI director, we have a lot of enlightening to do.  And we have yet to hear the end of the story.  Kudos to Hillary Clinton for holding her head up and not letting the haters silence her.
 Clinton is dead on. This country made a huge mistake.
 Funny, insightful, smart, and heart-breaking. Hillary Clinton is (and remains) one of the most consequential people in the United States. What Happened is an important book for any woman considering a life in politics--or for any American who votes. I'm so glad Ms. Clinton's voice will not be silenced. I'm still with her.
 Brillant. I have heard two things, one this book is amazing and two that most negative reviews are not people who paid for or read the book.
 Loved the book and the insightful raw feelings of loss and resilience. What could have been makes me sad to think of what America is missing.
 Excellent book. Very honest and authentic.
 Awesome and raw! Lots of insight into her personal journey! Kinda funny at times!
 A thoughtful, funny, thorough perspective from HRC. And, she has a right to say whatever she wants...everyone else has their opinion on her-the negative comments on this book seem to decry that she should not have an opinion or voice...which has been the primary issue all along.
 Love it. Hillary's story is excellent reading. Some day this will be the go to book to understand the 2016 election.
 I am in the midst of reading this book, and I find it excellent. Put aside the right wing one star reviews as they are mostly folks with an agenda. If you crack open this book, you will find many insights and some true honesty about her personal life as well as many insightful observations.
 An excellent read. Wonderful to get Mrs. Clinton's perspective.
 True patriots love and admire you, Hillary. Thank you for all you've done for America and all you'll continue to do. We're Stronger Together.
 Thank you, Hillary.
 #StillWithHer
 Great read. Recommended for all.
 Excellent author writes a political mystery.  Just as she does in interviews she intertwined facts and studies in her narrative.
 Wow, an amazing read!
 I am so glad I got this book. The horror of waking up on 11/9 with the election result was eased a little with this book. Pulling the curtain back helps all of us understand. I still say "Hill Yeah!"
 People are jerks.  Seriously.
 Very well written and poignant
 And couldn't put it down  until done - LOVED every word. Our true 45th President
 She is the strength this country needs. Loved the book. I got a big discount for ordering early.
 I love Hillary Clinton. Always have and always will. She will be my President forever.........
 Bought as a gift
 Perfect
 perfect
 Good read for anyone
 Great
 Gift
 good
 Since the election I have wondered how a rational, seasoned and very intelligent presidential candidate could lose to a bullying, egomaniacal candidate with no experience in politics and bad hair.  Some reviewers have said that Sec. Clinton talked mainly about herself in the book, but she had to let herself and her readers know who she is, what she has accomplished and what she envisioned doing as President in order to figure out why she lost.<br/><br/>I thought the first few chapters of this book were sad.  I could feel the disappointment and the disbelief of the loss not only for Hillary but for her entire campaign team, and high on the list was the devastation of losing the chance to be America's first woman president.  That had to hurt.<br/><br/>The book is divided into several sections, my favorite being the one titled "Sisterhood."  Each section is made up of several chapters. The one under this section that I enjoyed the most is "Women in Politics.". It has to be a struggle now, but in the past it was a fight.<br/><br/>Clinton's book shows her intelligence, her passion and neverending work to try to make the lives of children and adults better and she freely admits and owns her mistakes and apologizes for them.  It is not a perfect book and she is not a perfect person.  She has her share of her own flaws.  However, I learned a lot about the campaign and election processes as well as learning more about what happened.
 voice from heart，great！
 Repeat of everything in the news.
 i got this as a gift for my uncle.
 Great read
 GREAT PRODUCT, PROMPT DELIVERY
 no comment, item was as described
 Interesting
 Love her. Great read.
 Very interesting! Great read!
 Great book
 Great read and good insite
 What did happen?  :(
 Excellent quality and service.
 Interesting book!
 fast shipping and exactly as described
 Loved it very detailed.
 Hardbound (partly to support Hillary, partly for my daughter to have), ordered at same time as Kindle version.
 Wonderful read, great insight into the thoughts behind the actions of one of the most brilliant and strong women of our generation.
 This book is fantastic, a must read, and it arrived in perfect, beautiful condition.
 Gave it to a friend as a gift.  It was much appreciated.
 product feels good Fast delivery. For my mother The work is fine and goes on. Awesome good
 An inspiring, personal novel that gives a personal look into Hillary's life during and leading up to the presidential election. Such an inspiring women for girls to look up to.
 it's no secret that I am a Hillary Clinton supporter in 2008 and 2016. However I really couldn't understand how she could have lost this last election. Her insights in this book helped me come to some peace and resolution.  she is of course very bright and articulate.  it's so sad that under 80000 people could change the election because of the Electoral College.
 Thanks
 Loved It
 Christmas present.  Wife hasn't read it yet.
 Interesting book.
 nice
 A good historical book, if you like the author.
 Good
 Interesting read
 Loved the book and although I've been an admirer of Mrs. Clinton, now and again, I came away as a much stronger admirer, mainly for all of the advocating she did for children in her earlier career.<br/><br/>An important chapter, and one I wish every American would read and understand is, "Trolls, Bots, Fake News, and Real Russians." I'd like to see this chapter in print in every major U.S. newspaper; perhaps serialized.<br/><br/>So, what did happen and WHY isn't H.R.C. our first woman president? She puts it down to several factors, but one major factor was the head of the FBI (Comey) coming out with an announcement about new emails, something like eleven days ahead of the election. That didn't help her at all; and, they turned out to be the same old emails -- not new ones. (It's neither here, nor there, but it seems that most people in government use personal email accounts for government business and some of those emails are considered to be sensitive. The main difference between Clinton and the other people is that she is a woman they are men.)<br/><br/>Hillary Clinton is remarkable in that she maintains a positive attitude in spite of all the . . . betrayals, mudslinging, nonsense, lies, etc. thrown at her. Also, she's an incredibly SMART person.<br/><br/>Well written; easy to read and understand!
 Arrived as described with lightening fast delivery.
 Got it two days ago and already digested 100 pages.<br/>Just an interesting book, with an honest perspective of one of the most confusing political moment of our recent history.
 Great read and gift!
 Boy, did I need this. Thank you,  Hillary,  for giving me hope once again. The last year had stripped it away from me. Why do I suspect that was a main reason you wrote this book?
 Very honest, heartbreaking at times. Read by the author which makes it even more authentic. I'm loving it! And I still can't believe what happened...
 A powerful insight into politics by the foremost politician of our age. This book is more than an "also-ran" or a "cry-fest", rather it is a collection of stories and analysis that should be a must-read for anyone interested in politics or with an interest in the 2016 Election. The should-be Madame President provides insights into a lifelong experience in politics. I would also recommend listening to the audiobook, if you have time, as it provides an excellent listening experience, narrated by HRC.
 If she's not put into her rightful place as President of the United States after the Beast is in prison, then HILLARY 2020.
 Insightful, raw, funny, compassionate and historical.  I enjoyed this book because it is from an experienced woman. A woman's perspective about being in the trenches of politics filled with men. Like Hillary or not, she has many experiences to share about politics, the United States and the world plus the baggage that comes with being a public servant for years living under a microscope. We need more women in politics to create balance in our society. Perhaps Hillary's written words and experiences running for President will inspire more women to run for office.
 My book club pick. OMG this book makes you depressed and drained. I stopped listening on chapter 30. I cant listen anymore. HRC should have kept this in the archives and waited two years before releasing this book and then not released it. She seems to blame everyone but herself about the way she lost. The shameless shout outs to staff, Beyounce, and family were overwhelming. Or rather the name dropping was obessive. I stopped counting how many times she called #45 name. She clearly is trying to distance herself as a friend of his even though she attended his wedding. She talked negative about Bernie Sanders, which was unfortunante since he jumped on board after to give his support after losing the nomination. She continously compared herself to Obama’s life as if being a white woman equates to being a Black man.  Im pretty sure its not the same and HRC calls Obamas name too much also. Many aspects of the campaign trail was interesting to know how she moved through the states and spoke to people. I too have run for elected positions and both won and lose. So I can relate but for some reason her version and depth of this lose seems virtually unexplainable or rather not her fault. Because of course you are suppose to win when you have the parties support and deep pockets. Nope.<br/><br/>I purchased the audible of the book. HRC reads the book herself, bad choice.  She sounds like a bitter woman. And if she talks about how much of a woman she is, I may puke. I voted for HRC in the primary and gemeral elections, this book would not have changed my vote. But it would have changed how I saw her. I now see a white woman of privledge writing a book about how much the political world treated her wrong. Sorry, Im not buying it.<br/><br/>HRC let go and move on. You were handed a position as Senator and other White House jobs that allowed you to travel the world on taxpayers dollars. Stay home play with your grandkids wonder around The Clinton Foundation but please please dont write another emotional book about politics and you again.<br/><br/>No need to buy this book, borrow from the library. Very disappointing. Now I want to read Donna Brazile book but I guess I should finish HRC book. Im sure the two books together will bring some truth to light about Russia and DNC control.
 Even if you "think" you understand politics, even if you "think" you understand Hillary Clinton and know all there is to know, you're probably wrong.  Hillary Rodham Clinton gives us more than I expected in "What Happened" and I cannot recommend it strongly enough.
 What Happened? Look in the mirror
 I think its an in depth look into a campaign and an interesting retelling of the amount of hits this women could take
 I purchased the book USED and figured I would give it a read after hearing ALL the hub bub about it. I have to say in all HONESTY even USED SAVE your money the bulk of the book is LAME HALF truth stories and BITTERNESS to NO END on how it was EVERYONE'S fault EXCEPT HERs that she lost. It does in NO WAY go to show how she IGNORED MANY areas that could have potentially HELPED her. In MY opinion ( as I'm confident there are others who share MY view ) she ran a garbage campaign and all but IGNORED areas that she believed were either going to go her way or were all of guaranteed to vote for her. The BEST part of the book was the LAST page ( in knowing I was finished reading it ) . It was a head shaker for sure. no finger pointing is needed for other things she did to ruin her chances along the campaign trail<br/><br/>.I would GUESS she MAY have gather some SYMPATHY votes IF she included the FACT that Obama DRAINED the war chest they had and squandered it along the way. then again it also may have come to bite her n the rear end. No one can say for certain, but the FACTs remain: that Obama &amp; Hillary were TOXIC to the campaign and were the VICTIMs of their OWN doing. I am going to read Donna's book next, to see HOW? the LOYAL ? soldier she was to the DNC and OBVIOUSLY Hillary to see what creative excuses lay in there... I will review when finished
 Excellent read
 great
 When it comes to good against evil, good always wins. Thank God that is what happened.
 I thought it was interesting to hear about the Amazon policy of removing 1-star reviews. Let's see if they'll remove it again. If not, Hillary sounds as if she's still not over the election last year. Be safe!
 More fake news
 Horrible and full of lies.  Take responsibility you lost because of your actions.  Own it
 I listened to this book on cd, read by the author. Her clearsightedness, her courage, her easy command of words--but above all, her grace and her compassion--will, after all the smoke clears (and I know it will take years), remain as the legacy of a woman who was perhaps, in the end, too good for the country she will never stop trying to heal and to save.
 Crooked Hillary's book of excuses is what this should be called
 Very very pleased with my purchase!  Thank you Secretary Clinton for your candid, funny, insightful account of recent history.  Thank you for speaking for the many working women.  Thank you for speaking truth.  I am so glad you shared your story with us.  Thank you for your courage and leadership. I am a very proud owner of a first edition.
 she can't take responsibility for her own ineptitudes
 This book suck very hard and she dem = bad<br/>you will no bye this book
 Blames everyone but herself.
 It was hilarious.  I don't know if Clinton believes her own propaganda, or thinks that we're dumb enough to believe her campaign propaganda.  I hate to give this woman money but she's already richer than god, so it doesn't really matter, I do recommend it.  After this nation disposes of it's criminal government (i.e. after it collapses), this will be a book to study.  The 3rd Reich didn't last long, neither will the 4th.
 THAT is what happened.  And it needed to happen to help purge the better party of it’s own filth.
 A great book! She's speaking out and isn't afraid, it's written in a good way.
 She loved it.
 Hilary is a great  author and story teller,  she is a progressive women and has  stated the facts clearly in this book about the most cruial. and most corrupt election in our nation"s history.  All of us must work in the future  to see this kind of hate mongering stops and strive to make America a place of love and kindness again.  Bravo Hilary on continuing to inspire!
 I buy things from Amazon very often yet I have only done a couple reviews in my ilfe.  I didn't buy this book on Amazon, I received it as a Christmas gift.  I am a Canadian, who watched the US 2016 election campaigns, read lots of news, both mainstream and on social media, with a combination of fascination and horror.  I think the majority of people are totally missing the main point of the 2016 election debate - it's that regardless of your politics, it is proven beyond all doubt that the Russians exerted tremendous influence on the election and the opinions of both Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton.  Given the razor thin margin by which Hilary Clinton lost (despite winning 3 million more popular votes), it would seem indisputable that the Russian influence to sway voters to vote for Donald Trump caused Hilary Clinton to lose this election.  It's actually a testament to her that the margin of win was so slight.  The only issue still in dispute is to what extent Donald Trump's campaign team participated with the Russians in this endeavour. I sincerely hope that the U.S. will have the fortitude to dig fully into this and to report on what actually happened.  In any event, I thought the book was an excellent read. Yes, it shares her personal perspective and some of the day to day "mundane" details of the campaign. But I actually loved the details - it gave me great insight into the inner machinations of a presidential election and made me feel as if I had a front row seat to one of the most turbulent, crazy election processes in history.  Hilary is writing a memoir - a personal account of her experience, although she does a good job of bringing in many different facts and perspectives so that it is not just "her opinion".  It was very educational about all the different factors that came into play, including historical politics in the U.S., statistics and polls, news accounts etc.  I learned a tremendous amount about American politics and also how media and social media works in general which I found very interesting.  Hilary comes across as very smart, very knowledgeable, very dedicated and a passionate and hard working leader.  Her accomplishments in her personal life, her years of service and her dedication to many charitable efforts is indisputable.  The book made me very sad because I believe that she had very well thought out, practical and achievable plans with a sincere goal to improve America and help the majority of its people.  I am concerned that the key issue is being missed by the debate on partisan politics - that a hostile foreign dictatorship is infiltrating and attacking the American democracy.  That should concern every American, and every citizen who cares about strong democracy.  In any event, I recommend this book to anyone who wishes to learn more about the 2016 election and "what happened".
 Great
 the cover says it all, what happened? the answer is Hillary R Clinton.
 It was little about what happened, And alot about her early political career.  I was interessed in what happened in the election, but it was like "false" I think its not a good read, too much everybody elses fault she saying....
 Too many words, not enough substance.
 I loved this book !! I collect liberal<br/>Political books so I added this to my collection. Hillary wrote an awesome book !!!
 I HAVE TO WRITE MY REVIEW HERE OR ELSE AMZON WILL DELETE IT. I LISTNED TO THIS BOOK ON AUDIBLE AND I SWEAR IT WA DTHE BIGGEST WAST OF TIME I HAVE EVER SPENT. If you want here is a summary<br/>1) it was my turn to be president<br/>2) everything went perfectly and I was flawless<br/>3)here are a bunch of people that should take responsablility for my failure
 I finished on the day Manafort was indicted and a staffer pled guilty while DT tweet-deflected to once again investigate Hillary.  Really, DT?<br/><br/>Although I expect Republicans to avoid this book as if it's radioactive, the real reason is the highly accurate mirror they'll be starting at. This excellent work captures and explains like no other source. Hillary's call to action is clear, loud and compelling. Otherwise, Americans can kiss our society goodbye.
 Borrowed this book from the library because I did not have the money for it and I try to avoid possessing extraneous things.<br/><br/>Although I am not a Hillary fan, I loved this book.  (Definitely not a Trump fan either.)  In this book, Hillary lets us know that she really, really hates Donald Trump.  She hates him so much that she avoids using his first name while she freely uses the first names of other political figures.  She lets us know how much more qualified she was to be president.  And she was.  She points out several missteps that Trump had made during the first few months of his presidency.  With perfect hindsight, she tells us the wiser, better course of action she would have taken.  In this book, Hillary tells us how badly we screwed up by electing the wrong person.  Hillary lets us know that we are all a bunch of idiots for electing the candidate who was not her.<br/><br/>The biographical details about Hillary and her family were fascinating.  But, the overall tone of this book is rather vindictive.  Before reading the book, I thought perhaps she had hired a ghost writer.  After reading the book I realized that if she had hired someone, there is no way that person would have made their employer (Hillary) sound so mean and vindictive.  These are Hillary's words.  Only she cold have captured the tone of hatred she has for Trump and disdain she has for the rest of us.<br/><br/>The reason I loved this book is because it made me so grateful that Hillary is not president.
 Awful fiction novel
 The numerous negative reviews of this book with thousands finding them 'helpful' smack of an orchestrated campaign. The fact that HRC risks this vitriol and refuses to be silent by writing this book shows her strength of character. The book comes across as an honest attempt to describe what happened from her perspective showing both her strengths and her flaws and of course exposes her blind spots. But most important is her description of Russian interference which, if true should be of major concern to all Americans and everyone living in democratic countries around the world.  Shouting it down as 'garbbage' won't make the threat go away.
 Normally I do not write reviews here, but in this case I had to. Despite the inevitable, rabid negativity that has come her way for releasing this book, it is a great read. Contrary to what the right would have you believe, Hillary admits her own faults and explains the external factors which she believes led to her defeat. If, like me, you were shocked and saddened by the result last November, this is a good start in figuring out what happened.<br/>10/10, and I hope she keeps writing as I would read her work again.
 Great book, better than exoected
 only wish she was our President! Well written piece
 If you are a supporter of an intelligent, independent thinker and fighter for all that is right for people, you will buy this Hillary book.  If you're open-minded enough to see the truth of what actually took place in our last election, then this book is for you.  If you are willing to support women and acknowledge the inequalities that women face in the workplace and in society's behavior toward them, then this book is a MUST for you to read.
 I was genuinely moved by Hillary's perspective, I think it is a fair and personal account of what she believes happened and in doing some fact checking it seems pretty accurate to me.
 Incredibly inspiring, Clinton's take on "what happened" is deeply introspective, bitter sweet, insightful, and sharp witted. She takes plenty of time to examine her own flaws and weaknesses during the 2016 campaign for POTUS and also critically examines the cultural and political issues that are a threat to our democracy.<br/><br/>You can't make ugly truths go away just by wishing them so but you can fix them if you give recognize them and take responsibility and action for them. Clinton's book offers a caring and thoughtful inspection of the ugly truths riddled through the fabric of this country in an effort to help us all (citizens and nation) find healing.
 I'm purchasing the hard copy because this is a book I will always value in my home library.  I've been reading it on my Kindle since 1 this morning and stopped just now to recharge it's batteries and purchase the hard copy.<br/><br/>Hillary's candor, insight, and strength come through very clearly.  She was, and still is, the best qualified applicant for the job of President, and she proves it time and again in this book.<br/><br/>It was disheartening, to say the least, to watch as normally sane people I know and love swallowed enormous lies about her during the campaign and turned a deaf ear to repeated pleas on my part to check their sources, to rely on facts not fictions.  To no avail.<br/><br/>It took a while for me to realize it was grief I was feeling about how the election turned out.  Finally facing that helped.  And when I confessed it somewhat apologetically to our son, he immediately agreed, Hillary losing "was just wrong," he said. "Just wrong."<br/><br/>I still urge Hillary's detractors to check the facts, do the homework, do the research.
 I just ordered not too long ago the audio CD version of this book and while I'm only on chapter 4 I will say it's honest real and raw. You feel some of the pain that see wanted to see and show you how human she really is. Forget about politics in general for just a moment and just realize this is her story and her side of things and how she felt while she was going through them and again I commend her for her honesty and can't wait to finish up with what the rest she has to say.
 Great book , real , i can't put it down ... a must read ...  very personal ....  you will feel like you are there with Hillary ..  this book is way better than i thought ....  get it ... read it ,own it ...
 Wonderful.  This is what a President should sound like. Didn't think I could love her more. Amazing!
 Absolutely from the heart. #imwithher
 Candid, reflective, funny. I assume writing it wasn't easy, but oh boy, what an absolute joy to read! The chapter about Women in Politics should be read by every woman out there.
 great item!
 Bought this as a gag gift for a republican friend.... he threw it away
 “What Happened,” is Hillary Rodham Clinton’s candid document of her 2016 presidential bid. By document, I mean a thoughtful study of the campaign that will serve historians and political scientists for decades to come. “What Happened,” is also an excellent book. Written by a reader—economic in phrasing, sparse in jargon, but lush in emotion and huge in humanity—WH reads like a heart-to-heart with a good friend.<br/><br/>First, it is important to acknowledge the misogyny in the “room” or, stated another way, this book is not for everyone. Like many opinionated, intelligent women who dare to challenge dusty conventions and rusty ideologies, Hillary Clinton is considered a “polarizing” person. One need only skim the “reviews,” here to see the prejudice behind the “polarization.” Secretary Clinton is self-aware enough to touch upon the hostility she encountered with humanity and a genuine desire to understand. She paints a full picture of growth, both hers as well as among the prejudiced, quoting instances of “I had no idea that you were a real person” interactions.<br/><br/>Of course the criticism in the reviews, (as among certain pundits, as among certain segments of the public) is more of the author than the book. The criticism is also more indicative of small minds than indictment of the big-ideas or the author behind them. After reading Secretary Clinton’s well-written book, the language, or lack thereof, in the negative “reviews” begs the question: not whether the “reviewers” read Secretary Clinton’s book, mind, but indeed if they read at all?<br/><br/>The second issue to address is on content and what WH is not. Contrary to cleaver media folks, this is not a salacious “tell-all.” This is not a book of grievances or even about her opponents. Trump gets about as much print space, (maybe 1% of 100,000 words) as Sanders. Even then, to her credit, Clinton addresses the two in context to place and time, not grudges. Her agenda in this book is much more ambitious. Unlike a certain mock-memoir of Clinton campaigns past, WH is not a comedy of innuendo. Further WH is not a manual of political wonkery or self-serving mea culpa. This is a book of cause and ultimate effect, on the business end of a political mugging.<br/><br/>Unflinchingly honest, Clinton is never petty or malicious. She fully acknowledges her gaffs and missed opportunities. Yes, she does address the rage and sorrow, bordering on despair, that she felt in the days after November 9th but she also shares her reliance on faith, friends, and family and ultimately a belief in hope. In these passages, the reader realizes that her optimism—near Victor Hugo levels—is not a “schtick” but a life-long character trait.<br/><br/>It is in the personal impact and experience where Secretary Clinton rewards the reader with frank assessments and telling vulnerabilities.  Without preaching, she weaves faith and family history into daily life as well as the formulation of her campaign platform. She also relates the experiences and rejections that shaped her as a person and a candidate, which is telling in her adversarial relationship with the press. Her conversational proses elevate WH from the typical score-settling grind to a memoir of context and humanity lensed through concise, almost clinical, study.<br/><br/>Is WH perfect? Nearly. If Secretary Clinton seems to continue the feud with the media, it is in articulating the importance of the press not only speak truth to power in reminding the powerful of both their frailty and duty. But she also challenges the press to be a better keeper of truth.  Even then, still stinging from lopsided, (at best) and often vindictive, (bordering on hit job) reporting Secretary Clinton chooses lesson-learned optimism over spite and grudge.<br/><br/>Secretary Clinton explores the foundations of that optimism without an ounce of schmaltz. From the basement rec room of her Park Ridge Methodist church to marital challenges to crisis of faith, she is unflinching in her honesty. We cannot help but read the yearning for understanding and acceptance of the 8th grader dejected by NASA’s terse, “we don’t accept women,” response to her letter of application. Hillary Clinton is still seeking acceptance—as a person, as a candidate, and for all women.<br/><br/>I went into this book with an expectation of challenges. Secretary Clinton is an accomplished writer, a former senator, President Obama’s Secretary of State, and a legendary intellectual. Truly, I worried about formidable prose and anticipated a “dry” read. Instead, I was rewarded with rich emotion in plain English.<br/><br/>Further, I worried for a belaboring of the “inevitable.” Many of us are still pained by Trump’s train-wreck of an administration. A rehash of electoral betrayal could be PTSD-inducing. However, true to the title, WH builds an easy-to-digest thesis. While the outcome is no less painful the exploration of factors contributing to the outcome is helpful and leads to Secretary Clinton’s ultimate goal: action.<br/><br/>The constant student, she implores us to take our pain, our disbelief in what Republicans have aided and abetted, indeed our rage at what our country has become and channel the energy into activism.<br/><br/>Yes, it remains difficult to accept that instead of a president who reads several books a month, we have a buffoon who squanders nearly a quarter of every day on television and twitter. Secretary Clinton (who knows her bible well enough to cite a favorite verse from chapter in conversation) implores her readers to work with faith against the destructive policies of a man who cited “two  sic] Corinthians” from a written speech. She reminds us of the late Sam Rayburn’s favorite axiom, “any fool can kick down a barn but it takes a man of skill to build one,” while extoling us to take the battle—in service—to the anarchists who simply want to watch the world burn.<br/><br/>Hillary Rodham Clinton shows us, from a lifetime of service, a way forward amid the hateful and the fearful, misled by a moron. In short, what WH does best is help us to indeed understand “What Happened” and gives us a guide to what happens next.
