 Okay, I'm a 40 year old man reviewing an iron... It's okay because I'm secure in my masculinity and I am not ashamed to say that I absolutely love using this iron. I always hated trying to iron clothing so I would take it to the dry cleaner and have my shirts and incidentals laundered out of laziness. It occurred to me that it's their equipment that makes their job fast and deliver high-quality results. This is the case with most things, if you use high quality tools you get high quality results assuming you have the know-how to use them. Well most people know how to use an iron so get the best possible one that money can buy and you're in business. This thing is almost laughable with the amount of steam that I can blow out. You can empty the entire Reservoir ironing a couple of shirts, that may seem like a pain but let me tell you I can iron a linen shirt that has been balled up in the back of my closet in about 3 minutes with this iron. It's just that good. Because the results are so impressive it makes the chore of ironing that much less of a chore. Therefore, you can rationalize purchasing this iron for no other reason than you will actually enjoy ironing if you own this. ( and your clothes will look great)
 After less than a year of use, water now literally pours out of the bottom of the iron...not the face plate, but the bottom of the iron.  I am not happy about the quality of this product!
 DO NOT BUY THIS OR ANY ROWENTA IRON! THEY LEAK!!<br/><br/>This is my second Rowenta iron. I bought this one to replace my first that also leaked and eventually stopped working. I thought I did something to it so I bought the new iron. I had this new iron for less than a week and it is already leaking at the sole plate and the handle. THE HANDLE!! This was the exact same problem I had with the last rowenta.<br/><br/>I don't know about you, but trying to use an iron that is leaking water all over my hand while trying to use it makes me a tad bit nervous about getting electrocuted.<br/><br/>This iron is going back tomorrow, and I am driving to my local big box store to buy a run-of-the-mill generic iron that will most undoubtedly work better than this overpriced piece of junk.
 I have bought two different Rowenta irons because I do a lot of ironing (housekeeper). While the steam is superior to cheaper models I have used, both of the Rowenta irons started leaking rust colored water all over the clothing after I used them for a few months (see photo for example). This means I have to treat stains, re-wash, clean iron with Rowenta cleaning kit, and re-iron, only to have it spit more rust stains out. I ended up purchasing a cheaper model (Hamilton Beach) after the 1st iron just started pouring rust water of the bottom and haven't had any issues with it spitting out rust water. So this model of the Rowenta finally just died this morning and I will never purchase another Rowenta iron because of the rust spitting issue and the fact they don't last long.
 UPDATED: December 26 2018<br/>I completely forgot to do this update after my March update. However due to the outcome (please read reviews written below for the history), I can UP the stars from 3 to 5.<br/><br/>Rowenta serviced iron &amp; replaced the entire reservoir. It was returned to me in 1 week!  Not the 2-3 weeks as noted. It's been 9 months and I have absolutely NO problems with this iron. I suspect the iron originally sent to me was somehow damaged before I ever received it.  The repairs done cured all the leaking issues and even the lack of stream production when the reservoir goes below half (a complaint I had when I first got the iron). The only quibbles I still have are about ergonomic features and the missing "cup" that used to be standard with all Rowena's. I'm a very happy customer and hope I can keep this iron another 14 years like my first two.<br/><br/>UPDATED REVIEW:  March 20 2018<br/>I received DW5080 in July 2017 and wrote a review (you will find below this one).  In January 2018, my DW5080 started to leak in various places. The iron was only 5+ months old and I had cared for it according to Rowenta's guidelines.  But from past experiences with customer service reps (CSR) of various companies, I didn't want to phone Rowenta.  But the leaking started to increase, so I called them 7 times yesterday.  They were having phone problems and after taking all my info (including a call back # in case we were disconnected), the call went blank and all the promises of sending me a return label by email never happened. Today, I called back and had the following experience.<br/><br/>The CSR today listened attentively to my troubles:  the iron started to leak in various spots around the iron; the front panel in front of the handle; from the temperature dial; and from the screw on the bottom close to where the power cord is attached.<br/><br/>The CSR then asked what kind of water I use. Well, exactly as Rowenta requires - .tap water!  CSR says my water is probably hard.  I should use bottle Spring Water, but never distilled.  This is because the iron has an anti-calc feature, and is more finicky that the Rowenta irons I had previously (1st lasted 15 years; 2nd is 13 years old but leaks too much to use water in it).  But the iron must have minerals to work...just not too many minerals.<br/><br/>I'm giving these details in hopes it may help others who are experiencing similar problems.  If you do decide on buying this to be aware that the new technology will cause you problems if your tap water has high mineral content.  But whatever you do, don't wait to contact Rowenta about a problem.  The CSR suspects my iron may be defective and their service center will have to pull it apart and try to fix it.  Depending on what they find, they will either repair it or replace it.  The CSR generated a case #, and my iron will be serviced for free - it will be gone 2-3 weeks.  I'm not thrilled to be without my iron, but I do have the 13 year old one I can use still and it wasn't a hassle to get them to listen and answer all my questions.  After I get my iron back, I will do another update to this review letting you know how DW5080 fares in star numbers.<br/><br/>BELOW is the original review I posted after receiving this iron.<br/>Unfortunately, because I've used Rowenta irons made in Germany for over 25 years, this, my 3rd iron by Rowenta, is clearly not of the same caliber as the previous two. It is adequate but they've managed to "dumb it down" to the new economic model of "good looks but less quality."  You may find my review nitpicking but it's accurate; especially since Rowenta may still make the best household iron out there.<br/>Observations / Likes / Dislikes:<br/><br/>The stainless steel sole-plate is not as high quality as before - visually is more dull in appearance.<br/>The auto-off feature engages too quickly, so I'm constantly having to wake it up (I sew and this is annoying.  My previous Rowentas all had this feature but never at this annoying timing)<br/>The opening to fill the water reservoir at first looks like a great feature because the cover is large. But the design is terrible unless you're filling it from the kitchen sink from a high neck faucet. Using a measuring cup (no longer included with this model) takes a bit of skill. But humans are adaptable and that's why Rowenta has redesigned.<br/>Once the reservoir has about 2/3 of a cup of water left it will NO LONGER give you any steam. I have been used to emptying the reservoir fully. I wonder why this is now a "feature?"<br/>The iron "pings and pops" not sure why, but the spring used for the reservoir cover pings as the heat affects it. I already expect, this part of the iron to break in no time.<br/>The buttons for steam and spray were redesigned for looks but not function. So as you hold the iron and press, your hand inadvertently engages these buttons because they end too low on the handle.<br/>When you're finished using the iron, you CANNOT fully empty it of the water. This is a problem if you plan to keep the iron in good working order. The 1-2 tablespoons of water that  annoyingly] remain will in time corrode the main screw on the iron and it will leak. Not sure what to do about this except store the iron upside down in hopes of it drying out.<br/>It still produces a great amount of steam from the (350+) holes in the sole-plate.<br/><br/>So with all that, I still think this is a good and well above average iron. It was disappointing for me, that the quality &amp; design has not been maintained. My previous DZ5080 Focus is still in service, but she can't be trusted to hold her water. I paid only $59.99 for it and had I cared for her a little better, she'd be in better shape.  But comparing the two - DZ5080 &amp; DW5080 - leaves me a little sad.<br/><br/>I plan to write the company and give them my own review.  Not sure how they will take it, but it's worth pursuing.
 I thought this would be a great iron that would last for at least a few years! TEN MONTHS later, the iron started leaking at the bottom for no apparent reason. There was no return allowed as too much time has gone by. It was a "lemon".  Expensive iron! My last cheap iron I bought at Target and it lasted 5 years. I use my iron every day in my business of dress making.
 This is THE worst iron I've EVER owned! DO NOT buy! If I could give negative stars, I would! I originally bought this iron in March of 2017. I fell in love with the "self-cleaning" feature and the "steam burst" feature. I also liked the auto on/off feature because I'm a quilter and my use is often at random intervals. I still love the auto on/off aspect, but the other 2 features are essentially worthless in this iron.<br/><br/>The "self-cleaning" feature is basically a lever that you push down that is supposed to clear any calcium deposits out if the steam jets. It works randomly, at best.<br/><br/>As for the "steam burst" feature, well, I can't even seem to be able to use it because this iron LEAKS WATER ALL OVER! Every time I put water into the reservoir it slowly leaks out of SOMEPLACE in the back! I've tried my hardest to figure out where, but I have yet to be able to exactly pinpoint what happens. When the iron is upright for any thing longer than 10 minutes, it leaves a puddle directly underneath it. Then when you pick it up, about half of what is in the reservoir POURS out of the steam vents! Directly onto whatever you were trying to press! If you go directly to pressing after adding water, it drips from the exact middle in the back, leaving a wet trail behind as you go AND a drop or 2 will roll from somewhere just behind the handle (on either or both sides) and trickle down to the hot stainless plate!<br/><br/>It's just been THE biggest disappointment! Of course, it was great for about 4 months...long enough for me to believe I was safe in discarding the box! Needless to say I couldn't return it at that point. I have just been tolerating it, but have recently become frustrated enough to take the time to write this review. I DO NOT recommend this iron and I will never again buy a Rowenta!<br/><br/>Spend your hard earned money elsewhere!
 This iron doesn't  last very long, I've only had this one for 8 months and it's<br/> already dripping water on the steam setting and shuts off after 15mins.  It doesn't matter how well you care for your iron it will still malfunction to quickly.  I had many different models of Rowenta Irons &amp; they have all failed so this time I bought the SquareTrade extended warranty. This was a waste of money because the iron failed before the manufacture warranty was up.  In the future I will buy an inexpensive iron so if it stops working don't have to spend hours trying to find out how to return it.
 This review is comparing the BLACK+DECKER IMPACT Advanced Steam Iron, IR3010 with the Rowenta DW5080 Focus 1700-Watt Micro Steam Iron Stainless Steel Soleplate with Auto-Off, 400-Hole, Brown.  Basically they are both good irons and I think you would be happy with either. The Rowenta is currently about $20 more than the Black and Decker but it also has a couple of things that make it a little better.<br/>- Size and shape of the actual iron surface on each is about the same. The B&amp;D has a slightly more pronounced nose<br/>- Controls: I like the Rowenta better, I tend to accidentally move the steam control on the B&amp;D. However, both are intuitive and easy to operate. I prefer the top mounted Rowenta water spray button over the bottom mounted B&amp;D but both work fine<br/>- Power: B&amp;D is 1500 watts, Rowenta is 1700...I feel like at full temp and full steam the Rowenta puts out more steam, however steam burst seem about the same on both<br/>- Rowenta has a self clean function, B&amp;D doesn’t appear to...haven’t used Rowenta enough to know if it matters<br/>- Cord on both is robust and same length<br/>- Water fill...works about the same on both, no complaints...it looks like Rowenta may have a bit more capacity<br/>- Apppearance...I don’t really care what an iron looks like, but they both look nice for irons<br/>- The Rowenta has way more steam holes than the B&amp;D, which may explain what looks to me like higher steam output on that model<br/>I am giving both five stars. They are both nice irons, that feel solid, function well, and have roughly the same features. I like the Rowenta a little more for the reasons above but it also costs more. The biggest factor is probably longevity but I have only had them for about a month so that remains to be seen.
 This has been the worst Iron I have ever owned.  It has constantly leaked, both hot and cold.  It stops heating while ironing after an hour or two use.  I am a quilter and need an iron that is dependable, not temperamental.  I took care of the iron as instructed in the handbook. Did all that the Rowenta customer service recommended.  I am deeply disappointed as this was not a cheap iron. My previous irons lasted 10 to 15 years.  Not this one.
 I always buy Rowenta irons - they are simply the best iron around.  I purchased this one after researching for hours.  One of the main factors that I was looking for was that even the packaging on it says "anti-drip".  This is NOT THE CASE!  I am on my second one of this same iron because I thought maybe the first one was a lemon.  Replacement one drips and leaks just as bad as the first.  Pretty disappointed since the main reason I purchased this iron was because of the anti-drip claim.
 This is my 3rd Rowenta iron and the worst iron I’ve ever had. My first Rowenta lasted 3 maybe 4 years, the 2nd was also a work horse. I iron something daily, I’m a quilter and my husband a I both wear uniforms that have to be ironed. This iron was spitting brown water within the first month of use so we stopped using the steam function and started misting our clothes with a spray bottle. And yes! I take care of my irons never leaving water to stand in them. This iron will turn off randomly while using it and to get it to reheat you have to unplug and replug.  Absolutely the worst iron I have ever owned, the 15.00 shark iron I purchased as a backup is a better iron than this one. I trusted the Rowenta brand and tossed the box the day I opened it or I would have returned the iron. I would like another quality iron but not extremely trusting the Rowenta brand right now.
 BUYER BEWARE:  If you are ok with only a one year warranty, spend the money. If not, buy a cheaper iron you can replace every year or two.  I purchased this iron in April 2014, average use of 2.5 hours per week, and it no longer works.  Very disappointed spending $78 to last a mere 2.5 years.  Customer service offered a small discount to buy a new one due to the expense I would incur mailing my iron to New York for estimate. Won't buy Rowena again.
 I iron 6 pairs of pants and 6 dress shirts every week and have been doing so for approximately the last three years. I had an iron that I used in medical school and once I started working I thought I would upgrade. Well, to make a long story short - this iron does not live up to the hype that the 4.5 stars would indicate. When you get a shirt from the dry cleaners, it has those nice heavy pressed lines. This iron will not do that. It does not get hot enough. Furthermore, at its highest heat setting it starts to emit the smell of burnt plastic. As for it's steam function, it's nice but extremely inefficient; it blows half of the steam into the air around the iron meaning that if your hand is anywhere near where you are ironing it could get steamed as well. I wanted to like it but it just doesn't do the job as well as the $18 one I had. The one thing that I do like is the tapered nose to get into areas that require detail but the nose does not seem to be near the heating element and doesn't always do a good job. I am used to ironing a shirt and a pair of pants in approximately 10 minutes but good luck doing it with this one.<br/><br/>In summary<br/>Pros: tapered nose<br/>Cons: doesn't heat as well as some irons, inefficient steaming mechanism, bulky requiring slow purposeful ironing, overpriced for what it actually does, smells like burnt plastic at highest heat setting - which seems to be required for anything cotton<br/><br/>Bottom line: try something else before you get this OR if you don't iron a lot of cotton dress shirts or pants this might be perfect for you
 I think this is my last rowenta.  I have been buying them since I was a self-reliant adult (about 25 years).  However, the lifespan has shortened with each consecutive model I bought.  My first lasted a solid 10 years.  My second lasted about 7 year. The next was 5 years, then only 3 years, and my most recent model started having problems in only 3 months.  I have been waiting weeks for the reapaired device to be returned but in the meantime I am iron-less.  I will seriously look at other brands in the future.
 Even with this iron, ironing is not a pure joy. In fact, it's among the top 10 things I'd rather NOT be doing. But, alas we are a civilized society, and it must be done. This little guy makes the job easier and quicker.<br/><br/>The first thing that impressed me even before I received it, was that it's made in Germany, and not China, as most others are. It has a stainless steel faceplate and not a non-stick ones like previous irons I have used. I have owned this iron for nearly a year and have put it through it's paces: ironing everything from thick, lined wool pants and sweaters to thin and delicate silks. My Rowena iron has not been treated kindly (among the abuse: it's been knocked to the basement concrete floor several times) and is still in excellent working order.  A distracted user set it on a too-high temperature and left it on a garment way too long, causing it to singe the fabric. The burned fabric rubbed off easily after using the self-cleaning setting. (This setting gets super hot steam to flush out mineral deposits from hard water.) And even in an event like that, I could rest easy knowing that it auto-shuts off after being horizontal for 30 seconds.<br/><br/>It's super convenient to be able to use tap water and not distilled. Let's be honest: there will come a point in your iron's life where you are out of distilled water and desperately needing to press something, you'll fill it with tap. For some irons, that could prove disastrous. You don't have to worry about that with this guy.<br/><br/>Its  “burst of steam” setting is perfect for removing wrinkles on hard to press and fragile items. I had a feather and flower hair fascinator that had several misplaced creases and was able to smooth them all out nicely with this setting.<br/><br/>On the highest settings, the iron will go through water quickly, but I don't see that as a problem. You can see and are benefiting from the vast amount of steam it gives off, and since you are using tap water, you don't have to be concerned about budgetary issues. I leave a pitcher of water nearby so I can quickly grab and refill. And while they don't recommend refilling it while the iron is plugged in *shhhhh* I do it, anyway, without any trouble!
 I was hesitant to pay so much for an iron but I am glad I did. This iron is larger and a little heavier than any previous iron I have ever owned but it really does the job nicely. There are hundreds of steam holes in the bottom so you really get a huge blast of steam when you call for it. It decalcifies automatically and you can use regular tap water in it. The The cord is extra long and the iron looks impressive. It heats up really fast. The only thing that I can say negative about this iron is it - like every other steam iron I have owned - drips when you press the steam button.
 My most dreaded chore to tackle in the whole entire world is to fold laundry, and soon after is ironing them. Typically my basket of clean laundry is piled high with 3-4 loads before I can muster enough will power to fold and put them away, what with the added task of ironing about half of the clothes in there. I was using my husband's old blue $10 iron that he was using before we married, and it took at least 20 minutes to iron a dress shirt at an acceptable level, and just barely that. I was under the impression that only professional launderers were able to get a perfect press because they used a heavy iron and a strong blower mechanism that fixed wrinkles, and this was the best one could ever do at home. Boy was I wrong. When I finally decided that the cheapie iron was probably too old (it also left little dry particles on my clothes), I came on amazon looking for  an alternative that was similarly priced to the original. Then I found this iron with glowing reviews and thought there must be something to it despite the high price (in comparison to the $10/$15 ones)! It also had a great Black Friday price!<br/><br/>The directions were really easy to follow and the results are amazing! I've never felt so accomplished after ironing a pile of perfectly ironed clothes in only about 15 mins with a free steam facial thrown in! One to two passes on the 'cotton' setting with steam is all you need to remove deep creases and folds, then wait about a half hour till the iron has cooled completely, empty the tank and you're done! The steam flows generously without spurting water droplets on your clothes and it couldn't get any simpler! The cord is a good length and not retractable, but has a swivel motion so that it doesn't get entangled while ironing. The iron itself is a good weight, not too heavy but substantial enough to press clothes properly.  Now if only there was something to fold my pesky laundry pile!
 If you are a single person and looking to save time don't think twice and buy this with your eyes closed. Don't go for other more expensive Rowenta it leaked for me. This one is the best, gets hot quick and wrinkles are gone in one go. I know it might be a bit expensive, but trust me its a good investment. Note- I don't know how long it lasts look other comments for that. I have used it for 2-3 weeks and am happy with this product<br/>Pros-<br/>- The cord is a long<br/>- The water tank is definitely big for one ironing streak<br/>- Lots of steam holes<br/>- There is a self cleaning to prolong irons life<br/>- The pointed tip is perfect for precision ironing like a pro
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Rowenta-DW5080-Focus-1700-Watt-Micro-Steam-Iron-Stainless-Steel-Soleplate-with-Auto-Off-400-Hole-Brown/dp/B004ILTH1K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Rowenta DW5080 Focus 1700-Watt Micro Steam Iron Stainless Steel Soleplate with Auto-Off, 400-Hole, Brown</a><br/><br/>I usually don't write many reviews, but wanted to help others with my opinion in using the Rowenta DW5080.<br/>This was my 1st Rowenta iron and for the most part, I really loved this iron.  Mainly due to it being a heavy iron with plenty of STEAM.<br/>In previous years I would only purchase 1700-watt T-Fal irons. Mainly because I usually get at least 4-6 years of quality ironing and no problems. I just wanted their newer model of a 1700-watt iron, so I chose the T-Fal FV4376 ultra glide iron (last T-Fal prior to purchasing a Rowenta). To me the T-Fal prices was not that expensive (always less than $40 at that time of purchase).<br/>However, since I always heard that Rowenta made excellent longevity type irons, I decided to shell out the extra bucks.<br/>During the 3 years of ownership of the 1700-watt DW5080, I would grade this model as a A+.  Heavy iron, plenty of steam (A+++), smooth face plate and got out wrinkles quickly, uses regular tap water, turned off automatically and a very heavy solid feeling iron. But for the extra $50 (when comparing the price, I paid for my T-Fal) and only 3 years, 3 months of use, the DW5080 now leaks.<br/>So, in my opinion, my T-Fal lasted longer, much lighter weight iron, steam (grade “A”), but not as excellent as the DW5080, but they both are 1700-watt iron. But, I like the feel of the Rowenta while ironing. Much heavier solid feeling iron.<br/>I will try another Rowenta 1 more time to see if it last as long as my previous years of the T-Fal ultraglide models. Now, just waiting for the Rowenta DW9081 to arrive.
 Have used Rowenta for years. I iron everything, sheets, undershirts, hankies - just because. Rowenta has never let me down. This has a huge amount of steam vents and irons beautifully. Likely a bit heavier than some, but it feels good in the hand and does a great job of pressing clothes. I would recommend without hesitation and definitely purchase again.
 I'm a quilter and this beast is amazing.  It's incredibly sturdy with a nice weight to it and the steam is outstanding on this bad boy.  I held it up next to my old one that died and I swear it was like looking at the movie poster for Twins (I've named my new iron Arnold).  Yes, it's huge but it covers a vast surface area on fabrics which gets me back to my sewing machine faster.  I can't wrap my head around the complaints over the water tank - I keep a flexible plastic cup next to it and pour it right in when it's slightly tilted.  Those of us with half a brain can manage to fill it up without spilling a drop.  Ok, so the reservoir could be a lighter shade of blue, but it's still clear as a bell.  I especially love the really long cord - glad they took that into consideration because it really makes a difference.
 I AM EXTREMELY UNHAPPY WITH THIS EXPENSIVE STEAM IRON. I was tired of buying cheap irons that lasted maybe a year before they started leaking all over my clothes. I researched, (don't have a lot of time to do this) and found the Rowenta Iron, was supposed to be the Cadillac of irons and I would love it! NOT!! Darn thing started leaking the first time I used it. Leaked from the plate as well as the spray nozzle. Put up with it for about a month when I blew a gasket when it stained a very expensive shirt. Called Amazon, (I purchased the insurance for electrical products) and was told to call Rowenta, it was still under warranty. Did that, they sent a mailing label, (took 2.5 wks) sent the iron back for repairs. Got it back, over a month later. Ahh, finally an iron that does not leak! NOT!! Called Rowenta, I was told that the directions of half tap and half distilled was wrong, needed to use tap only. (got my directions directly from the instruction pamphlet) I asked why I should only use tap water. Rowenta's rep told me, "DISTILLED WATER DOES NOT STEAM!" REALLY??? SINCE WHEN?? They sent me another mailing label, took less time, sent it back and got it back within the month. Still LEAKS! They refused to give me a new iron. They keep on putting new parts on this one. I will not be using it, going to take it to the garage next week and get a sledgehammer and take care of business. I will go back to Target and buy the $30 Sunbeam that I know will leak in about 9 months, but........I have a WHOLE 9 months of clothes that are not getting wet and or stained! Don't waste your money on this iron. IT IS NOT WORTH IT. THE CUSTOMER SERVICE SUCKS. I HAVE NOTHING GOOD AT ALL TO SAY ABOUT THIS EXPERIENCE. THE FEELING I GOT WHEN I CALLED, THEY JUST DON'T CARE, AT ALL. NADA.  I was really hoping for a good iron. Really let down, from the iron to the customer service. I am also upset with Amazon because when I first called I could have returned the product, but they told me I had to call Rowenta because of the warranty. Pretty slick there! What happened to making sure the client is happy? Customer service? Both Rowenta and Amazon, as far as I feel, had a chance to do the right thing, refund my money or give me a new iron. After reading all the other reports about leaking irons, it appears Rowenta has quite a problem with leaking irons. I guess they would have a serious income problem if they actually started doing the right thing. This iron is CRAP!
 I purchased this iron in December 2013, and it died today (November 2018). It has lasted 5 years with weekly use, as I iron almost all of the clothes that I wear, and various items from the rest of my family.<br/>I wanted to love this iron - I was truly excited to "upgrade", but I feel that I've suffered through 5 years of ironing pain - primarily because it's more than I've ever spent on an iron and it just wasn't as great as what I expected from this brand. Maybe I've been suffering through a defective iron, but I found that it spat water, even when set appropriately for fabric/temp, etc. (and I've been ironing since I was 7 years old - at the age of 40 I know my way around an iron). Secondly, even at the hottest temperature setting, it never really felt like it ironed all that well. I really had to work at cotton and linen to remove wrinkles. On the other hand, it handled delicate fabrics really well and never burned any item I've ironed.<br/>As I mentioned - I'm not sure if I've stupidly been suffering through a defective iron for the past 5 years or this iron just didn't meet my needs. I'm happy that it stopped working and that I'm now in the market for a new one. Despite this, I would really like to try another Rowenta, but if it doesn't meet my needs, I will be returning the next one!
 Nothing but trouble.  Had to send back for repairs for spitting brown stuff.  Got it back.....cord placement makes it uncomfortable to iron.  Plus now not hot enough for a 1700 watt iron...does not even get wrinkles out of cotton....Am going to call again, but if have to send back again...I am without iron in meantime.Do not recommend.  I am calling again to try for a refund.  I bought extended warranty.
 I'm a seamstress. I love(ed) this iron. The steam was great. The cornering around buttons is great. The steaming capabilities for wedding dresses was great. It has great weight...I don't like lightweight irons.  I've had it for about 14 months. Now, water just pours out of it. Leaves water stains on everything. I've followed all directions. I paid a lot of money to get what I needed. Is there a fix for this or do I need to spend more money to buy a new iron????
 I bought this iron 2 years ago after extensive research. I wanted a very reliable iron for daily use. I own a Bed and Breakfast with three guest rooms and do not use a laundry service. We are extremely picky about the appearance of our bedding and all white sheets and pillow cases are carefully ironed. Our guests always comment on the high quality of our sheets, so an iron is a very important appliance in our business. In the two years before purchasing the Rowenta iron, I had used and sent 3 other irons to the iron graveyard! I cannot give this iron more than 3 stars, because even though it produced excellent and fast results there were too many other issues with it and it has now completely died on me! I am very careful about cleaning it every week and following the cleaning instructions. Imagine my horror after owning it for just a few months when a newly washed white sheet is suddenly covered with brown gunk pouring from the iron! There is nothing I can do with this sheet now except apply stain remover and throw it back in the washing machine. During the cleaning cycle of the iron, there is no sign of this brown gunk being released from inside the machine, so where does it lurk in there and why does it not come out at that time? Another disappointing feature is that the orange temperature light comes on after just a minute of two so I have to put it down and wait for it to reheat. Very annoying when time is short! It does get wrinkles and creases out very quickly but now it's time for me to buy a new iron and it will not be a Rowenta.
 I bought this because I thought all that steam output could only improve ironing and efficiency. I used max steam for 100% cotton, like I have always done with my other iron. However, so much steam does two things- 1. SOAK through the ironing board to the point of dripping on the hardwood floors underneath. 2. And the water tank requires refilling after ironing only 2 mens shirts. Completely inconvenient! When I reduced the steam output, it did not remove wrinkles as it should.  3. The temp control is in an awkward place so that each time I placed it upright then pressed it onto clothing again, my finger brushed against the dial, reducing the temp. Even after I was aware and careful, it still happens. It's hard to avoid.<br/>6. The spray and steam burst buttons are also in the way. I had to hold it unnaturally far back on the handle to avoid pressing those. I do have pretty long fingers so maybe if you are petite, it won't be a problem.<br/>7. This is a personal preference, but it's a bit too heavy for my liking.
 Horrible product! This iron was never that great but I thought I should give a Rowenta a shot. It goes through lots of water using the steam function so I’m always filling it.  Today after 3 months I iron a BRAND NEW white shower curtain and not only did it leak water all over the place but it left rust spots! The shower curtain is ruined and I didn’t even hang it up yet.  So mad. I contacted the company so we will see what they say.  I miss my Black and Decker !
 I've always bought Rowenta, believing them to be the highest quality consumer irons.  This model has disappointed.  Reading some glowing reviews I wonder about my experience but this is actually a replacement when I returned the original.  The problem is I iron for 20 or 30 seconds, then stand the iron up and move the clothing around on the ironing board - then I often have to wait 20-30 seconds after reapplying the iron until steam begins again. Sometimes a full minute or more!  Very frustrating standing there waiting for the iron to steam.  Hate it!
 This is my second Rowenta iron. Amazon replaced the first as a courtesy. Both frequently leak water all over the item I am ironing making it very wet and unwearable. I am not hitting the clean button so this is not the issue. It leaks more water, more often when you set it to any steam setting. I use it with the steam off and press the button for steam. Based on 2 irons, I cannot recommend this product. I wish I had purchased the more expensive Shark model. I had one for 5 years with no issues. Tried to save a buck. Mistake
 I've had this iron for 14 months and it is the worst!  I've had it repaired twice because it leaks.  It still leaks.  I don't store it with water in it, don't use distilled water, leave it standing up, all in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.  Leaks like a sieve.  Never again.
 Love this iron. I had an old Rowenta iron that just wasn't working anymore. After ironing, my clothes looked as if I hadn't bothered trying. But I had the old iron for approximately 20 years. Long enough to be sold on the product.  When I  decided I couldn't put off getting a new iron any longer I went looking for a new Rowenta.  I am not disappointed. This iron presses your clothes with very little effort and after wearing the item all day it still looks great!
 This product replaced a cheaper DW2070 after years of reliable service. On the 7180, the red heat indicator light is supposed to turn off when the plate heats to the desired temp - on my unit, it never turns off, but the unit makes a click noise that I take to mean it has reached temp after several minutes. The 2070 reached temp faster, in my opinion. The major negative comment I have is that the little white toggle lever on the back end that opens the calc removal tool flaps open easily. When ironing and you try to stand the iron on its end, if this lever is sticking out, the unit will not sit flush, causing it to fall over.  This is a major problem if you don't have a larger ironing surface area where the unit can fall to the ground. Because of this, I wold recommend a different Rowena iron in this price range or cheaper.
 A bit of a disclaimer.  I am one of those people who love to iron.  I starch and iron all of my husbands western shirts all the time.  I have had many irons. I always just bought a cheap iron, but I finally decided to just get what I wanted.  I love this iron.  It cuts ironing time in half, and it works better than any iron I have every owned.  It was definitely worth the money.  The reason it works so well is the number of holes in the steam plate and the weight of the iron. I have a sunbeam that was reasonably expensive, but it only has seventeen holes in the sole plate for steam.  The Rowenta has 400 holes for steam.  It makes a huge difference. Now all I worry about is knocking  it off on the floor and breaking it. Just go ahead and fork out the money for this iron.  You will not regret it.<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Rowenta-DW7180-Everlast-1750-Watt-Anti-Calc-Steam-Iron-Stainless-Steel-Soleplate-with-Auto-Off-400-Hole-Blue/dp/B016J7U6VU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Rowenta DW7180 Everlast 1750-Watt Anti-Calc Steam Iron Stainless Steel Soleplate with Auto-Off, 400-Hole, Blue</a>
 Well, everything is not made in China. This sleek looking sample of ironing engineering is made in Germany, a country synonymous with technology. The design and color scheme is a cross somewhere between a high-speed yacht and a jet fighter.<br/><br/>General observations: The base is mirror finish, glass smooth stainless steel with more teeny holes that I could be bothered to count.  Compared to our current irons, there are at least 4x as many.  There's a nice stress relief on the power cord that also keeps the wire away from the iron.  The temp dial is large and easy to read.  There are two large buttons on top for the water and steam. That's my only complaint - they are difficult to press.  After using the iron for around 15 minutes my thumb felt the effects of pressing the buttons.  Compared to the iron we use the most (over the years we've collected a few) it takes twice the effort to press.<br/><br/>Filling: The face of the iron has a door that flips open exposing a scoop shaped opening that funnels water to a hole for the water tank.  This is obviously designed to be filled while holding in your hand - otherwise the angle does not work.  I filled it from the tap and using a syrup container.  Either worked well. It's impossible to fill standing up, and very messy to try if it's laying down.<br/><br/>Ease of use: Well, I cheated here. I don't iron much. I'm a walking wrinkle-fest.  My GF irons, so she tried this out.  Her observations: glides over material, very even steam pattern, easy to use. Buttons are hard to press. Easy to fill. The shape of the tip is great for "tight spaces" and points.  A lot lighter than she thought it would be (I weighed it - 4lbs. 1 oz filled.) The dark blue makes it difficult to see the current fill level. She had to get the lighting "just right" to see it.<br/><br/>By far the best iron we have.
 This is my third Rowenta. The previous 2 lasted 5 -6 years with twice a week ironing. The only downside of Rowentas is that they eventually leak, and so I only gave 3 stars for durability. My most recent one had to be “babied” for a year and a half before I gave up and bought a new one. By “babied” I mean that I had to mix half and half tap water and distilled water, could only fill up the reservoir to half-way, and had to empty it and plug it in IMMEDIATELY to dry out before ANY amount of non-use (even one hour) or I would be blessed with a big puddle of water on my garment.<br/><br/>Now for all the good things about Rowentas that keep me coming back. These irons have weight to them—not too much, but enough to get a really good press on my husband’s cotton shirts. The design is good and comfortable. The sole plate glides perfectly, and the tip is designed to get into corners and beside buttons. Also, these irons really heat up. With high heat, a nice weight, and a comfortable, slick glide, ironing is a pleasure.<br/><br/>As a bonus, Amazon has a great price on this one!
 I have never owned a Rowenta steam iron that didn't leak, and I have had about 5.  The Focus is no different.  It leaked from the first use; I should have sent it back but I just figure that the even the geniuses at Rowenta don't know how to or won't make a decent product.<br/><br/>The only way to prevent the Rowenta Focus from leaking is to not put water in it.  I don't believe the other glowing reviews that it's the best thing since sliced bread.<br/><br/>It does make a great door stop.
 I'm a quilter and I need a good, hot iron with steam.  At first I loved this iron.  I like a heavier iron to help iron my quilt blocks.  However, after a year of use, it leaks like crazy!  I can only put in a little water when I'm ready to steam or else it flows out the bottom.  I have purchased several Rowenta, knowing they are supposed to be high quality and all have leaked eventually.  So from now on, I'm getting the hottest and cheapest I can buy!  Why spend big bucks for the name when it doesn't perform any better than the cheap ones?
 This replaces a 10 year old Rowenta iron.  THAT iron could steam the Titanic, and the steam was instant and consistent.  Every time I stayed in a hotel, I would use the $19 piece of junk in this room and miss THAT Rowenta.<br/><br/>I loved that iron from the time I took it out of its box until its spectacular demise that ended with a circuit-breaker tripping 'POP'.  THIS iron, even when on maximum steam settings, often has a 5 second lag before the steam starts.  The steam is not consistent.  The lag adds up when you are ironing a dozen shirts.<br/><br/>Not a terrible iron, but seconds after I took my previous Rowenta out of the box 10 years ago I knew I would have a Rowenta iron from then on.  I have to say this one isn't much different than what I could buy for a third the price at the local discount store.  Very disappointing.
 Best iron I have ever owned. I'm terrible at ironing pleats in my slacks. This does the job! If I put the pleat in the wrong place, I can rearrange the slacks, re-iron, and the old pleat is ironed out and the new pleat is perfect. I can do all my ironing at once, hang clothes in the closet, and they are ready to wear even a week or more after ironing!<br/><br/>My only complaint is that it is easy to accidentally move the dial, making the iron much hotter (or cooler) then you need for the item you're ironing.
 I am not a big reviewer but felt so compelled to write this to hold Rowenta accountable for such a low quality product.  I hardly ever splurge on items like this, but thought this would be worth it.  The product is poorly made and does not even have an on off switch which is very dangerous. It's spit steam and water all over my hand which hurt.  I am very disappointed in this product, but can't afford a new one. Please don't purchase to save yourself the hassle.
 This iron is amazing. I have been using black and decker or sunbeam for years. I have wanted to spend a little extra to purchase a Rowenta iron ever since I took a private sewing class and the instructor had a rowenta and it was fabulous with all types of materials. I used my DW5080 for the first time this morning. A pair of pants that I've had for almost a year, and I have never been able to get the pressed the way I like without sending them to the dry cleaner. Unfortunately, I think the chemicals the dry cleaner uses ruins my clothes faster, so I don't like to send items as much, especially if the label does not specify to dry clean. So I used it this morning, and with one pass through with the steam on medium, these pants were pressed and after wearing for two hours I still have a crease in the legs. I love this iron, from now on, I will purchase ONLY Rowenta,
 Love this iron.  This model replaced a previous Rowenta which had begun to sputter water when using steam.  So after reading up on the latest irons, I decided this one had everything I wanted and, in general, Rowenta makes a good iron.  I have been very pleased with its operation and ease of use.  I like the weight of the iron because while having some heft for easier ironing, it doesn't cause my arthritic hands to hurt.  Also, with a little bit of weight I don't need to go over the same place several times to get the wrinkles out.  This is one reason I like the Rowenta.<br/><br/>If you need a good iron (even though I try not to iron if I can avoid it) I would suggest you try this one.
 I used to love it. It was the best iron I ever had, produced copious amounts of steam and ironed quickly and crisply---UNTIL, water began gushing out of the bottom, below the handle. It has saturated my ironing board, the floor and the clothes I was trying to iron. It has never been dropped. What is the deal with this thing? I paid over $100 for this iron and I thought it would last longer than this!
 I am so disappointed in this IRON...  I purchased it some time ago..but had surgery; so just opened it and started using it 1-month ago....  Only ironed cotton...4 shirts...and tried to iron expensive silk cover-up like coat —- a couple of days ago..  Had this iron on the lowest temp and it messed up and pulled some of the material off of my and silk cover-up like coat.  I am so disappointed.  This is my second Rowena Iron and had the 1st one (which was 40 cheaper) for years; so I purchased this second one (more expensive) thinking that it would be even better; however IT IS MUCH WORSE.  The iron NOW has STICKY residue on it FROM NEARLY BURNING and melting parts of my SILK COVER-UP COAT....  AWFUL IRON
 After one use I returned this iron because of the unbelievably inferior method of filling it with water.<br/><br/>Steps to fill: unplug iron, turn off steam, turn vertical (yes lay hot iron back down on ironing board), pour small amount of water until it runs out, repeatedly turn up horizontal to see if full, then finally plug in, turn on steam.<br/>In addition, its hard to see if full due to tint of reservoir.<br/>Main point: water goes everywhere even when you fill very slowly.<br/>Because hole is small and poorly placed, you can't use glass measuring cup. You'll need a bendable plastic container or something with a longer spout.<br/>And finally, the brand new iron spits up on clothes.<br/>RETURNED. Problem solved.<br/><br/>While I wait for my ironing board to dry, will somebody tell me why this is the #1 iron on numerous websites?
 Great iron. Heats up fast, consistent heat, steady steam, heavy enough without being a chore to use.<br/><br/> Only one complaint, and this is that they could have given a little more thought on wire management. There is no way to wrap the wire, could use a small lip at the bottom or something.
 Rowenta is the only iron I have bought for the last 15 years but the last two I have purchased. have had faulty pumps causing the iron to blow hot water out of the steam holes. This one was barely 3 months old when it did the same thing.  The warranty center does fix it but tells you that you should use only bottled water on this product...I do use bottled water but a couple of times I used filtered water from the tap because I had ran out of bottled water.  I am not sure I am happy with buying an iron that needs special water, however I have to say that I have never found an iron that works as well as the Rowenta. I iron all of our clothes so my iron gets allot of use and the Rowenta cuts my ironing time almost in half and it does a wonderful job. I think I will try a different model on my next purchase and see if the issue persists.
 After reading the reviews, I was expecting to have to fill the water well every 2-4 pieces of clothing to be ironed.  I guess when you get up to the heavy-duty cotton or canvas items that might be true. But most of my ironing is pretty much permanent press which just needs freshening or things I let sit too long in the dryer and got wrinkles. So, I didn't have that issue of running to and from my water source to refill. I did notice that it is easy (too easy) to come into contact with the push up the heat dial and I need to get used to my hands coming too close because this iron really heats up fast - which is great when you need it to. I found the spray and blast of steam buttons in a real good position for me. I'm right handed and have small hands and they are easy to use. Also, I have no issues with the water spilling or leaking - in fact the fill hole is easier than my old Black and Decker and there is a plug that sounds a click/plop when the fill hinge is shut All The Way. I think anyone whose iron leaks isn't closing the hinge completely since it does have a sealing plug built in - which I think is great. All in all, it's a fun iron to iron with (I actually don't dislike ironing - been ironing since I was 12 and find it relaxing -- and the new irons are so much better (and have steam features) unlike the ones I learned on over 5 decades ago. And the look of the iron is so cool - like some sort of futuristic car (but more affordable) .
 I like the pointed tip for pleat ironing and the many holes for steam, which is why I got another Rowenta. Just arrived today, so I haven't tested performance but I'm sure there will be no issues. However, I want to report that this much bigger and HEAVIER than my old Focus, which I don't like. I don't need a huge, weighty iron to iron clothes. I think the dials/buttons, etc. are not user tested because they feel awkward to use. My biggest issue is that the settings dial is a gold color with small white letters. The letters are almost impossible to see, even with my readers, but without? I can't see any lettering. This was just flat out bad design. Such a bummer.
 This is a great iron.  I haven't owned a serious, first-class iron for a while.  I've tended to fall for the cheap Target irons and just planned on replacing them every year or two.  I really like to iron with a lot of steam--and this thing throws out the steam like no iron I've ever had.  I think it is well worth the "premium" on the price.  If I had to throw a negative on it, the only thing I've found is that the temperature dial is very easy to turn (which is fine) and it is located right below the grip (which is also fine)--the combination of the two, though, means that I often bump the dial and slightly change the setting when I grab the iron.  Not a big deal, though.  I'm sure I'll get used to it and avoid the contact--and it also makes a clicking noise when I bump it, so I check it out and readjust as needed.  This is really a minor thing and I wouldn't allow it to sway me away from the iron.  Just something for Rowenta to improve on the next model!
 Well it worked great for 2 months now the steam button won't pop back up after pressing it. Good ole rowenta irons let's see how long it takes to be fixed through square trade protection. Notorious pieces of junk rowenta irons I had a few over the years my first one lasted like 10 years since then lucky if I get 2 years Now 2 months not happy .
 The nice features about this iron are its light weight and pointed nose. With its stainless steel soleplate, it glides very easily over fabric. What we don't like are the temperature dial and water receptacle and requirements for use. The dial is under the handle, and very close to it, so every time my husband picks up the iron, he inadvertently moves the dial. It moves very easily. It's not so much a problem for me because my hands are smaller, but it has happened and suddenly I'm ironing my polyester clothing on the linen setting! The directions that came with the iron say NOT to use distilled water. Instead, you MUST use tap water. The description on the website stated that you could use any water. That's not a problem but what bewilders me, and I find very inconvenient, is the fact that you must empty the water out after each use!
 We had two irons fail in a matter of months (other brands). I bought this one as a well reviewed pro option, hoping it would last. After several months of use, I definitely like it. It has a couple of quirks worth mentioning. There is no off switch. You either let it go dormant using the safety features (which makes me nervous), or you cut the power by unplugging or switching off a power strip. I sometimes hit the heat control and change the temp by accident while ironing. On the plus side, the water fill is very well engineered, and the iron steams very nicely.
 Decided to start washing and ironing my dress shirts and not subject them to the dry cleaners anymore. So I did my research and bought the Rowenta. First thing I noticed it's easy to hit and move the temp dial with your fingers which is annoying and really needs to be reviewed by the manufacturer. I followed the instructions for first time use and used tap water. Brown stains appeared from a few steam holes which was disappointing. Luckily I ironed them away and now use 50/50 tap and distilled water. Steam is plentiful but it will use a lot of water and require frequent filling. So far I like it.
 I got this iron just 13 months ago and loved it at first. It’s sturdy and heavy weight and has a nice gliding sole plate.  You can feel the quality of using it over a cheap tire and it makes ironing so much more delightful.  But Just in the last month it has started to profusely leak from the bottom. It gushes water as I move it around  getting water all over my floor and soaking the ironing board. I have taken care to store this just as the instructions recommend, without water.  Our tapwater is clean without too many minerals.  I’m going to call Rowenta and see what they say but so far I’m very disappointed about the short life of this expensive “quality” iron.
 I bought this iron March 2017 and I just purchased a new CHI iron today.  This is the second Rowenta iron I had that lasted barely over 18 months.  It seems for such a simple appliance, it should last much longer when you are buying a "high end" iron.<br/><br/>I will say that while it lasted it worked very well.  Good weight distribution and excellent steam output.
 I really like Rowenta irons. They tend to work well and heavy enough to press without having to apply a ton of pressure. However, this is my third Rowenta and they tend to leak when the steam/water reservoir contains water. I sent off my previously purchased Rowenta to a third party repair shop to have the handle replaced, which is where most of the leaking was taking place. This one is leaking much earlier and seems to be coming from the soleplate. It's still under warrantee so I will be contacting Rowenta to see what my options are. (Luckily I have the repaired previous item so I won't be without an iron if I have to return this one for repair or replacement.)
 I'm very frustrated that I spent some extra money to get an iron that I thought would work well and last for a reasonable period.  After it started failing over the last several months, it is now useless and I have had the iron for less than a year.  I thought I could rely on Rowenta's warranty, but that is also useless, as it requires you to take the iron to one of about 12 authorized service centers - none of which is anywhere near me.  I'll now have to buy a new iron and will look for something much less expensive that will likely last longer than the Rowenta one.
 So far, so good. I use my iron every day and really love the Rowenta irons. Unfortunately, they are notorious for leaking after long use. Their customer support is excellent. I wish I could find a better iron that steams and presses like Rowenta but I've tried many and none compare. I replace mine every two or three years. This particular model is very nice.
 So after EXTENSIVE research (and 2 previous purchases and returns) for the best steam iron under $100, I finally "stepped up" to the almighty Rowenta. Guess what? IT LEAKS! In fact I would call it "Best in it's Class" for leaking, given that it leaked WORSE than irons priced $20 and $30 less. But guess what else. ALL STEAM IRONS DO. That's just their nature. That's why those pros over on the quilting blogs that know a thing or seven about irons will flat out tell you, "the ONLY iron that doesn't leak is the one you don't put water into." So pu-leeeze disregard manufactures statements like "Drip-Proof" or other cute but disingenuous wording. That's not referring to leaking. Look for claims of "LEAK-PROOF," but I don't think you'll find any. The only real decision in buying an iron is a steel vs ceramic plate, and that's all a matter of personal feel. Me? I'm going back to the PERFECTLY FINE Hamilton Beach Durathon ($25 Amazon) on my shelf that I'm wondering what I had against in the first place. Does it spit a little like ALL steam irons? Yes- but no more, and in one case less, than my last 3 significantly more expensive trials. Who knew irons could be so complicated?? Good Luck!
 If you are from my generation, the one that remembers your iron producing crisp white cotton shirts, using a spray bottle of water, and all the labor involved in that, you will love this iron as much as I do.  This iron produces the right amount of steam to clear all the wrinkles, and it is light enough to use for a long period of time.  The tip is ergonomically designed to fit between buttons and into corners.  Filling it is easy, because of the size and design of the opening.  The fact that it is meant to use tap water is a bonus.  I used it for four cotton shirts and two knit cotton shirts and one rayon mixed top the first time, and all of them came out looking good.
 Had it for 3 years then started leaking water from the bottom. Especially when standing upright. Self clean useful but inconsistent. worked well when it did, the plate is of high quality.
 I researched carefully before buying another iron.  E-How provided insights, and I read reviews of the best irons.  A good steam iron should have at least 300 steam holes, my sources told me, and 1700 watts of power.  This Rowenta has 400 steam holes, a smooth gliding sole plate with specially designed tip to get around buttons.  This is an update of the Focus DZ 5080, but probably pretty much the same.  It seems that irons have gotten more expensive over the years, but cheaper in manufacturing and quality.  I was so tired of my Black &amp; Decker spitting brownish liquid onto my clothes, dripping, cooling instead of steaming.  I actually like ironing, but need a tool that works.  The Rowenta Dw5080 is great -what a real steam iron should be.  The first time I filled it it really gave off steam, has a nice feel, good weight, and glides easily.  Heavy cotton fabric, which used to take several passes, now takes one and looks perfectly smooth.  All of the functions are easy to see and use and it has a large water tank.  It does use up water, but so did my old B&amp;D.  The difference is, this one really gives off steam.  One note on filling it: if you get little white flakes, your water is too hard, so add 50/50 with spring water (not distilled), and be faithful about using the self-clean feature once a month.  So far, I just love this iron and look forward to ironing with new delight.<br/>I hope it lasts a long time.  I am tired of buying poor quality products that end up in landfills.
 This iron was a defect!  It turns on fine but after about 3 minutes or so, the heat decreases drastically and it leaks water.  Terrible Purchase
 Just received this today. Upon opening the package, I noticed what looked like blood smeared across the face of the iron. I tried to rinse it off, but it was hardened and would not go away after some serious scrubbing. I then turned the iron on full heat, let it sit for a moment and then tried to scrub the substance off once again. Despite this it still wouldn't come off. My main concern is that I have nice stuff, that's why I bought what apprared to be a very high-end appliance. I'm sure with the passage of time and extended use that substance will come off, but that'll happen as I'm ironing an expensive piece of clothing. To make a long story short, I'm returning this and going to a brick and mortar store to find a replacement. What really upsets me is that Amazon slapped a sticker on the outside of the box that the iron came in saying that it was inspected for quality!
 I have never had an iron this luxurious.... it is the best,,, and mama always said buy the best you can afford.... I am tired of other irons leaking and clogging... No problem with this iron.... Steams great, has a nice weight to it, great for ironing clothes or fabric for quilts or craft projects. Cannot believe I waited so long to upgrade!
 I bought this at a higher price on Prime Day! Grrrrrrr (do they mark products up so that you think you are getting a deal?".  Regardless, this is a great iron!  I iron at least every work day.  I have used it as such, everyday since I received it (timely delivery).<br/><br/>I use steam a lot and have not experienced this iron dripping as past irons have done. This iron has many small holes in it's plate and past irons I've had, had lesser larger holes.  I also have experienced my last two irons metal plates badly scorching.  I pray that doesn't happen with this iron.  It's a great weight and glides nicely in conjunction my new ironing board and cover.  Gets the wrinkles out and glides wonderfully! I'm enjoying ironing again!<br/><br/>I highly recommend.
 After a year of experience I have concluded that this item is simply bad at its basic function of removing wrinkle from clothes. The temperature seems to change frequently while in use. For some time it will produce no apparent steam and then, randomly, all the steam. It can remove the gross wrinkle but leaves a lot of those secondary flatter wrinkles, like the impressions of the previous wrinkles criss-crossing the fabric. I thought perhaps I was misremembering how effective irons are but then, each time I have gone on business travel and touched up my shirts with the hotel iron I see, yes, irons do mostly remove wrinkles from shirts and pretty quickly. Perhaps I got a lemon, but recommend against purchasing this iron
 This iron didn't perform as I expected it to. When I used my Friend's it worked well But this one steamed when I took it away from the material like a train steam engine. Had to be careful where it was pointing b/c someone could have gotten seriously burned by all that steam. Where I need the steam was while I was ironing, but that didn't happen. Plus refills were a constant thing b/c it devours the water quickly. After using it for over three weeks, it began to leak when sitting it up on it's bottom. I cleaned it with the self-clean button, but that didn't stop it. I was disappointed in Rowenta and so was my daughter who had returned her Rowenta iron also. Probably won't ever buy this brand again. Thinking of giving T-Fal a try next.....
 Heating light never turns off.Filling cup was not included. I suspect this was returned and reshipped. This seems to be happening more and more at Amazon. Although I have only had it a few days it does appear to work well. Trying to decide if I want to return it.
 I thought it was time to replace my 20 year old iron that had a stuck heat gauge.  Boy is this ever an improvement!  I had never paid more than $25 for an iron, so I wanted to see if I had missed anything.<br/><br/>This iron is very sturdily constructed.  I love that it requires tap water.  The ability to steam vertically is nice and it does put out lots of steam.<br/><br/>I would prefer it to have an off setting and a neater method of wrapping the cord when not in use. But if it lasts me 20 years like my prior iron, I'll be satisfied.
 This iron is worth the price. I had never spent that much for an iron before and was reluctant but the Rowenta brand is well-respected and I was ready for a quality product that would last a long time. There are about 400 perforations in the sole plate which means there is lots of steam being released when the steam feature is activated. The iron glides well on material and the pointed nose makes it easy to get into corners. Heat is evenly distributed along the sole plate. The iron is heavier than any other I've used but you get used to the weight. Like other folks who have reviewed the iron, I accidently moved the temperature controls while gripping the handle. It took some time to figure out correct hand placement so that I wouldn't change the temperature. Please read the directions before you use the iron. It's an expensive appliance and will work well if the directions are followed explicitely. I would definitely buy this iron again (but don't think I'll need to because I plan to take good care of it).
 Have bought two Rowenta irons.  Rowenta enjoys a reputation for fine Teutonic engineering. By and large it shows up in these irons.  However, there is an annoying oversight with this series:  The rotating heat control, just under the handle, is not "stiff."  It's almost impossible not to nudge it with your fingers as you pick up and set down the iron.  Because it isn't stiff--can't think of the right word--you will constantly nudge the heat control higher or lower, and you have to be aware to glance at it from time to time to make sure it is still at the setting you want.  (I'm also amazed how many models they make.  You'll go jack batty trying to differentiate among them.)
 I had a Rowenta steam iron for approx. 23 years, it finally stopped working about a month ago.  It was the top of the line iron at the time of purchase.  The only problem I had with it was after it fell off the ironing board during an earthquake the temperature setting dial didn't work and the temperature was trial and error.  So, I had to buy a new iron and of course it was going to be a Rowenta.  Did extensive research on the top name brands comparing to the Rosenta DW7180 and reading reviews.  The Rowenta DW7180 was the best value and I am very familiar with the brand.  My old Rowenta had 10 steam holes the new one has 400, ironing is super fast, the water tank needs refilling more frequently.  You want more steam going to need more water.  Everything else is pretty much the same as the old one.  However, I have to agree with other reviewers - the color of the fill tank is too dark to conveniently see the water level.  A lighter color or clear would have been a much better idea.  I used a measuring cup to determine how much water brings the level up to the maximum fill line.  Solved that issue.  I sew a lot so my iron is always ready to perform and iron anything wrinkled.  I would recommend this iron to anyone who wants performance from an iron.
 You know you’re an adult when you get overly excited about household items, and this is one of those items.  If you iron a fair or more amount, you don’t know the difference until you buy a quality item.  It is an invested, for sure, especially when you can buy a cheap one for $20, but you’ll notice the difference.  Puts out a good amount of steam, and you’ll finish in half the time as a crappy one.  If you want one to be able to work for more then occasionally for vertical steaming, then you’ll have to buck up more thou.  This can do it for a limited time, but will cool down and produce less steam.  So get an even better one, or a dedicated garment steamer.  For dress shirts and pants, wool to linen, it has worked wonders for me.  I even purchased another as a present for a family member.
 I had a Norelco iron for about 30 years and someone dropped it and the plastic rest broke so I decided to purchase a new one.  I got the Rowenta.  The cord is too short and it is very heavy, but it irons extremely well.  Pouring in the water for the steam is a bit awkward.  I'll probably get used to the weight of it, but that short cord is hard to deal with.
 Looks great, feels great, but defective right out of the box.<br/><br/>Have been using one of those Panasonic irons with the football shaped plate. It's been great, but I decided to give this a shot.<br/><br/>Leaks from the front tip. Leaves streaks and line shaped water spots on clothes.<br/><br/>Will be sending it back for a replacement, but after all I've heard about Rowenta, I am extremely disappointed.<br/><br/>Edit : Received the replacement and it seems great. Fingers crossed that it will stay that way.
 I really love the iron and how easy it makes ironing!!  Why did i wait so long to buy a GREAT iron?!!!  Two comments (but the quality of ironing job balances it out for me!!!):  1) plastic piece that covers area where water (yes!! Tap water not distilled!) got broken (in a second shipping since I left at daughter’s accidentally).  When we contacted them to get replacement and try to fix ourselves, they sent a free shipping label and will repair.  They responded quickly and professionally!! Nice warranty!  2) I noticed my hand would get on the spray “button” accidentally but is not a big factor for me.<br/><br/>Again, I am impressed with the much better ironing job with my Rowena and can’t wait for it to be returned fixed!
 I was really impressed with this iron in the beginning. After 90 days the cord and plug got so hot I couldn't touch it to unplug it. I called Rowenta and they are sending me a postage paid label to send it for REPAIR!!! They estimate three weeks before I will get the REPAIRED iron back. If you cant replace a seriously ( potential fire hazard) defective product after only 90 days....I'm not impressed. The rep knew exactly what I was talking about...don't think my iron was the first on with this issue.
 I've bought my fair share over the past couple of months and had no issue with any of the products except for this one . So when i got it the first time  , it was perfect in every way just the way I imagined it would be . Everything was working as it should , after finishing up with the ironing , I drained the water and followed the instructions in the guide to a T . The very next day when I switched it on  the steam iron would light up but there was no heat buildup in the soleplate even at max temp settings and so i went for an exchange and swear to God it failed on me the second day exactly like the previous one .<br/><br/>So that's my experience with this product , it might be that I was unlucky or maybe God played a prank on me and he just wanted to tease me with this amazing product for a day , but whatever the case may be I felt like I had to share it . Usually I am not the kinda person that writes reviews but since I've not seen any similar posts , I thought i'll just put the word out . BTW Amazon were kind enough to refund me the entirety of the amount i dumped on this "Wonderful" product .
 Alright folks, buck up and pay a little extra for an iron you won’t have to throw out if it falls off the ironing board one day. This puppy is worth it. Nice and heavy, steams like a pro, heats up insanely fast. This thing is going to last. I’ve owned a few irons and have traveled a lot (used hotel irons all over) and this is my favorite iron to date. You, too, can have a favorite iron. Highly recommended.
 I cannot believe it that this iron no longer works after a single use, the Auto-Off light still works but the soleplate no longer heats up no matter how long I waited! Oh my goodness, I cannot have it fixed here due to the difference in power voltage and to have it shipped back to the Amazon US doesn't make sense as it would cost me more than what my refunds would cover! I've just wasted a SGD$123 for nothing!<br/><br/>Please DO NOT purchase this product from Amazon for your own sake!<br/><br/>Amazon I am really disappointed that this is the kind of quality products you are giving to your customers. I am so frustrated right now.
 This iron worked great for about 3 months and now all the sudden it has started spitting and leaking water when trying to use the steam function. I have tried turning it to the highest heat, using hot water, using a ironing water add in, doing the self-cleaning function, and doing multiple steam blasts but nothing solves the problem. Unfortunately I am past the 30 day return so now wasted money on this thing. I did a lot of research before buying this iron and found good reviews on the item so I am not sure if this is just a defective item or it was a refurbished item since I didn't buy it straight from the manufacturer. I guess my advice would be to use it a lot in the first 30 days to be sure it isn't going to have problems, which is what I intend to do with the new (different brand) iron I purchase.
 I love this iron.  It disperses an even amount of steam when ironing.  I believe it reduces my ironing time.  My wife will testify that I iron almost every day.  It is worth the investment.  It can even save you from purchasing distilled water, since the instructions recommend you use tap water.<br/><br/>Update-*  I had to remove some stars because this iron does not have longevity.  After 3 years of use, this iron has developed a short it the cord.  I have spoken with other former Rowenta iron users and Rowenta irons are no longer made well. Although it did iron well, I can not justify the expense due to the poor product life.
 Just received this iron and am impressed with the amount of steam generated.<br/><br/>The only deficiency is the lack of an on / off switch - unit is auto shut off only. While I did not think this was a big deal when deciding to buy, it does annoy me a bit. I do not want to get in the habit of relying on the auto shut off. I always unplug the iron anyway. Sadly, even the instructions tell you to turn the iron off before you unplug - Um obviously their engineers and manual writers are not communicating.<br/><br/>Update: I have had this iron for a few months now and it does a great job. The lack of an on / off switch has not been an issue. Without fail I remember to unplug the iron.
 So far I’ve been using it for a month and I really love it, it’s very good quality and the press is perfect. The only complaint-sort of- I have is that it is so powerful, it draws too much power - if the tv in on at the same time I use the iron, I always seem to trip a breaker when I unplug it!!... so before I use it, I have to turn the tv off- ridiculous right? They do share the same plug so  it’s partly my fault... this iron really needs an OFF SWITCH!<br/> I got tired of always having to go outside, open the circuit breaker box and turn the switch back on so I use a different plug now😄
 Seems like we are the minority with all the other great reviews. Our iron started leaking water within a month. We had been self cleaning and removing water after each use. Did not use "burst" regularly. Rowenta customer service contacted, emailed through operation of iron. Sent pictures. They agreed to send back to service agent to fix or replace. Two weeks later replacement arrived. New iron, same issue with leaking. Not too happy, it's an iron, thought this was simple technology.
 Ironing is a weekly routine for my household. I bought this rowenta focus dw5080 back in March 2016 (It lasted less than 3 years now) after countless hours of research due to the fact that I wanted to invest good amount of money in a long-lasted product. When I was ironing last weekend I had several problems. The very first one was terrible calcination problem. This is followed by 15-minute period of ironing rather than 1-2 hours (I had many pieces to iron) because it shut off every 15-minute. And finally this is followed by water leaking. Even though we cleaned the product properly , I was not expecting Rowenta would last less than 3 years. When I was a child, we used Rowenta vacuum cleaner for many years back in my home country so I had a very good brand impression. Well, I think this was not a valid impression for iron product. I will search for a new product. If you have suggestions, let me know.
 after a couple of months it started leaking at the cord. The company was<br/>great about honoring the warranty and they had it fixed. I wasn't happy when it is stated both online and instructions to only use tap water but when I called about the leak it was suggested that I should use spring water. It is heavier than I expected but that is not a problem.
 This is my 3rd Rowenta. The first one died after being dropped one too many times. The 2nd started leaking out the bottom back (as it's sitting upright) after 3 or 4 years. Another reviewer noted that the water in the tank should be emptied EVERY time you use the iron so maybe that would have solved the leaking. There were so many negative comments with respect to contacting Rowenta that I didn't bother to contact them.<br/><br/>It has a large water tank which is good because it uses a lot of water.<br/><br/>One negative, but not sufficient to downgrade my rating - when using steam and you put the iron down (which is to say you rest it on its bottom) there is a huge gush of steam. I turn off the steam lever before returning the iron to the ironing board.<br/><br/>But I've had other irons, including one top-rated (but short-lived) by a consumer rating organization, and NO IRON irons as nicely as the Rowenta. It glides across the material.
 While ironing my first shirt, water started leaking from the holes on the sole plate, so I returned it.  This is my fourth Rowenta over the years and they all suffer from this fate, but typically for me, it comes after several years of use.  Not with this one though.  I ended up buying a Reliable Velocity 200IR which hasn't leaked in the short time I have owned it. It is quite a bit more than the Rowenta and the reviews are better in regards to leaking.  I picked it up at Bed, Bath and Beyond with one of their 20% off coupons.
 I iron my own shirts and I must say, I didn't know what I was missing until I bought this iron! It has good weight, unbelievable steam, and it glides very easily across whatever I am ironing. The iron is very well made and the ergonomics are well thought out and that makes it very easy to use. It has the German quality one expects from a product made in Germany and it outshines any of the Chinese made irons I tried. I bought a T-fal iron which had good steam, but I didn't like the fact that the iron was too light. A heavier iron simply works better. The Rowenta gives me the weight but is very easy to move as you're ironing and simply works better. I took the T-fal back to the store and purchased the Rowenta. I wasn't disappointed and I think it is definitely worth the money and would buy it again.
 I bought this iron a little less than 2 years ago to replace an old Sunbeam  which was leaking brown water through the steam holes. I sew quite a bit and hoped this expensive iron would last many years. Uh, no. Last week it began leaking copious amounts of water from the sole plate. I looked it up online and tried the suggestions: turn steam setting off while filling and heating, allow to heat fully before placing horizontal to iron, etc. No matter what I do, I still get lots of water all over the ironing board and what's worse, whatever I'm ironing. When sewing, the iron is used multiple times in the construction of a garment. This is really discouraging! So much for paying top dollar.
 Disclosure: I've never owned an iron that was not the cheapest thing Walmart carried. I really like this iron, the steam is amazing and has cut my ironing time by 30%. The steam also works somewhat, upright ie curtains, or steaming a hanging shirt. It will steam but you must press the trigger continuously, very time consuming, but useful for small spots. The precision tip is my fav. I'm alittle of a perfectionist, this really let me get between buttons without melting them. I give this iron 4 stars ONLY because it does leak. That was a common complaint while looking thru reviews, and it's true. There were a few drops while ironing, but the real mess was after. Do not leave this iron to cool without placing a towel underneath. My estimate for water leakage was 1/4 - 1/2 cup water in an hour. Can't tell where exactly it's coming from, but IMO great iron just, don't forget to bring a towel (lol)
 I have only had my Rowenta Everlast for like 3 weeks and it has been perfect so far, on low temp it doesn't steam but when it is set to a high temp with steam or without it is freaking awesome,, my iron leaked one time when I was not hot enough to start ironing but after that no problems, I let my iron sit there on and safety works too it shuts off on time jus as its supposed to, my fingers hits the temperature dial sometimes and I have to wait till the it gets to the temperature again but that is minor I jus try to be more careful..... thanks Rowenta
 I’ve bought my first rowenta iron years ago for me and been recommending it to my family and friends. I had to replace my old one after a bad fall. Had it for years. Super happy with my new iron. Makes ironing a breeze. Hubby does his owns shirts because he finally knows how to do it thanks to the super extra steam. It makes it easier. He has a lot or cotton Oxford shirts which everyone knows how difficult are to iron. The only downside will be that to need to refill very often. I don’t find it very difficult but be prepared if you do loads of ironing at a time.
 First time in my 25 years of ironing that I DIDNT just buy the cheapest iron at Walmart.  What was I thinking!  I feel like Cinderella right before the Ball!  Food tastes better, flowers smell sweeter, my wife looks thinner.....its amazing!  Rowenta has given me my life back and I'm gonna be a better man for it
 Only 4 stars because I just opened the box and used this iron for the first time so read this review with that in mind. The iron felt good in my hand , not too heavy and was easy to move around especially considering I wasn't able to touch/pick it up before ordering.  Cord length was satisfactory could be a little longer. Sole plate seems a bit smaller in size which is good for maneuverability around collars and buttons. The water reservoir was easy to open and filled up nicely without spilling and I was able to see the water level at a quick glance. It heated up quickly and when I began to iron the steam worked great and the sprayer was very accurate when sprayed at a wrinkle. That's all I need!  It did not spit, sputter and dribble (the case of the same brand iron 2 irons ago that I returned), it did not smell like an electrical fire (the case of the last iron from Sh***) and it wasn't so heavy that it started to make my hand ache (3 irons ago same brand). You have to fill up the water reservoir frequently but a big water tank = heavier iron. I have never spent so little $ on an iron, go figure. I might've actually found a good iron. Fingers crossed!
 I owned a Rowenta iron for at least 12 years and finally the cord began to get hot. I needed a replacement and bought this iron. Right away I felt it way heavier than my previous one not good for my wrist. The temperature control dial extends too high and is easily moved with my thumb. Next thing I know temperature is higher than what is needed for delicate material. The highest temperature is not hot enough to iron cotton or thicker pants (jeans). I ordered Rowenta DW2171 Access Steam 1600W 300 Hole Steam Iron of Auto Steam Thermostat Stainless Steel Soleplate, instead and has what I needed. Lighter, but heavy enough to make my ironing fast and smooth. The temperature control dial is half of the height of this Rowenta it doesn’t interfere with my thumb. The max heat is perfect and doesn’t leave the jeans or cotton shirts rough. I hope this helps. Sometimes going more expensive doesn’t give you the features you are looking for.
 I love this iron! Such a random thing to replace since my old one worked like new, but this one is a world of difference. Steam feature works like no other! Highly recommended. I bought it after staying with a friend that has one. These complaints about them leaking surprises me because mine doesn’t and neither does my friends and he’s had it for well over a year. Fake reviews? Mishandling? IDK, but I love mine!
 This thing looks like a rocket ship but works awesome got this to replace the family's old crummy 25$ iron  that leaked water on all out clothes and this thing is amazing.<br/>****** Update *****<br/>So Far its been about a year and its still going strong! and I was able to utilize many of the features it comes with.<br/>The ironing itself works great not only going from off to extremely hot very quickly but also is sensitive to the control of the heat meaning it isnt just cool, hot, hotter but has allot more control over the exact amount of heat you want to apply to the garment (This is especially great when you need to iron things onto to your clothes like patches or designs) overall I love it and am never using another product again!
 Leaked like a sieve after a few months. Water shoots out of the sides of the face plate, handle, and bottom stream holes whenever I use it.
 Best iron ever. Heats up like a champ, in 2.2 seconds. Controls work great. Steam out the wazoo.  Does consume a lot of water if your set to full steam. No problems for far. One month in it’s been great.  I’m ironing everything I can get my hands on. One thing I will say is it’s big. Doesn’t fit in my iron caddy.  Wire door mounted “cheap” rack. This is the Cadillac of irons. You're not parking it in the compact car spot. Robust design including the cord, which I think I’d prefer to have the retractable cord in retrospect.
 I can't say that I have ever raved about an iron but....I LOVE this!  I have always bought "cheap" irons because I really hate the task and I didn't think it mattered which iron I used.  I was wrong!  This iron is a little on the heavier side and took me some time getting used to it but in no way is this a complaint.  I did a lot of research before purchasing and I am not disappointed.  It is not cumbersome and is very easy to fill and find just the right settings.  This iron can be used on a board or vertical for upright steaming.  There's a ridiculous amount of holes that will stand up to any wrinkles.  This iron really is amazing!
 Poorly designed. The reservoir fill opening does not allow refilling unless laying flat (rather than standing on end) and you don't want to do that while it is HOT! Filling before heating would b fine except it needed to be refilled after every shirt and I'd periodically find large damp spots on my husband's shirts where it seemed to be leaking.
 I have always wanted a Rowenta iron but they can be fairly pricey. I got this one on sale and purchased one that had been returned but was fulfilled and inspected by amazon.  I love it! It works really well and glides over clothing very easily. It has multiple temperature settings and steam settings but is not difficult to use.  It is easy to refill with water.
 This is my second Rowenta iron in seven years. My old Rowenta is spitting mineral deposits onto the close when I put it on the steam setting despite back to back self cleaning cycles. Hopefully this one will last another seven years or longer and this one is a higher voltage model than my previous one. I'm loving so far, it creases close without me having to use starch with more steam holes than my old Rowenta. Not to mention this iron was $15 cheaper than at Walmart with free shipping. Dry cleaning can get expensive so I iron a lot of my work clothes like Dockers slacks, polo and button down shirts. Unless it specifically says dry clean its gentle cycle, air dry on a plastic hanger and ironed.
 Wow, this is a life saver. My old iron has died and I was looking for something really good since I have a lot of clothes that need ironing and using a steamer is not a perfect option all the time. After reading all reviews I decided on this one and it didn't disappoint. It glides nice and smooth, heavy enough for pressing, and has a powerful steam. Ironing is much more easier now.
 Iron leaks. press the steam button and water leaks from base. even if you don't press steam button it will randomly let out all this water from base. I called customer service and they took it back and admitted that there was a malfunction. They supposedly fixed it and replaced the base of the iron. Still leaks. Also even on highest setting, wrinkles do NOT come out of cotton button up shirts. After spending half an hour ironing cotton button up shirt, it STILL has tons of wrinkles that do not come out.<br/><br/>I asked for a different model or a replacement and Rowenta would not replace it because they supposedly "fixed" the problem.<br/><br/>Will not buy from Rowenta ever again. It took many weeks and several phone calls and email exchanges with Rowenta and I did not get my iron replaced nor did I get a refund.
 I am truly dissapointed in this iron, not because it doesn't do a good job ironing.  It actually does do a good job at that, however I have purchased one of these about 18 months ago probably close to a year later it wasn't working properly I have to shift the wire every second  for it to work. So I figured I use it alot and a year maybe a good enough to time to last. So I purchased another one of the same and it's 7 months old and I have the same problem. I need to keep shifting the wire every second for it to work.
 I returned this one as soon as I read the instructions. Please note that you can’t use this iron if you have softened water in your house! Regular tap water only - not even bottled spring water or distilled water, which I have done before (a pain in the neck, but once you have soft water you have to make adjustments). Also, the blue color makes it difficult to see the water fill level. And “use once the heating light goes off” - I heated for 10 minutes and it was still on. Come on, ironing is unpleasant enough!!
 After reading a lot of reviews for different brands and a few months of search,  I finally gave in and purchased this Rowenta iron.  Immediately after I started using it, I realized it didn't heat well enough. My 15yr old Panasonic that had begin to fail was still heating better than this one. I returned this one and got another replacement from Amazon. The second one is doing exactly the same thing. I guess they are all made to hit only a certain temp. Not enough to iron out wrinkles  unless I use a wrinkle out spray.
 Love this iron and I'm a big believer in the quality Rowenta delivers.  Only thing that bothers me about this model is that it is a bit hard to see how full the water level is.  I usually use the flashlight on my phone to quickly check the level.
 We had to replace our old iron and I’m very glad we decided on this one. It was a bit pricier than the other options we looked at but it was most certainly worth the extra money. This iron feels sturdy and well made but my favorite feature is the large amount of steam holes on the bottom. It has far more than our old iron and as a result, does a much better job!
 I was hesitant to buy this because of some of the reviews. One person wrote to follow the instructions and it would not leak. I have had this for almost 2 years and it has not leaked. You have to shut off steam and unplug it to refill it. Then you can plug it back in and turn on steam. I love my iron. Yes, it's a little bit of a hassle to unplug, refill, and plug back in but I love this brand and it has not leaked.
 Two years ago I bought a Black &amp; Decker iron. After about 10 months, the steam button stopped working. I returned it to the store, and exchanged it for the same iron. After about nine months, this iron would intermittently stop working. I would have to unplug it and then plug it back in again to get it to start again. This time I returned it to the store and got my money back. I purchased the Rowenta last week and used it for the first time yesterday. All I can say is AMAZING! What a difference when you buy a good quality iron. You just need to go over the garment once and all the wrinkles are gone. With my other iron, I would have to go over the garment sometimes three times before I was satisfied. This iron literally cut the job in half!
 Majorly disappointed!!!  Love the iron, BUT I have had it only four months and it has completely quit!  Won't heat up at all.  Water just dribbles out of it all over my ironing board.  WHY can't somebody make a reliable iron.  Now I have to go through all the hassle of trying to get it fixed.<br/>Many months later:<br/>I have another one of these leaky irons, and it is pouring water everywhere.  Why on earth doesn't Rowenta fix this?????
 Love this iron! I had my last Rowena iron for 25 years after killing several other brands.  I paid a lot for my last iron when my friends bought other brands and had to purchase 5-6 irons during the same time period.  I ironed my husbands dress shirts for work every week and now my three sons dress shirts.  I was happy to receive my new iron and did a happy dance. (Not kidding).<br/>It has great steam and temperature settings for all fabric types.  It also has a self cleaning feature that I'm sure made my last Rowena last so long.  No special water needed, just tap water.  The tip goes around buttons and fits into collars perfectly.<br/>I will always recommend a Rowena over any other brands.
 My cheap $40 Sunbeam was finally toast so I decided to upgrade &amp; saw Rowenta was a well know &amp; highly reputable iron brand. I saw this was usually around $110 but was on sale for $65. Upon receiving it I used it once and water was dripping all over my clothes. I then noticed that there was a ding in the plate (pictured). I exchanged it and the second one had scratches all over the plate &amp; was dirty. It was obviously a used iron. So I had to return the second one as well. Also on a side note the cord is extremely long &amp; doesn’t recoil. It also doesn’t neatly wrap around the iron. Super annoying. Don’t be fooled by the “Amazon Choice” description &amp; phony price reduction &amp; get a better iron!!
 An Update: I was super excited when I first bought my own Rowenta in November 2016 - Finally I own it! I am an ironing freak and do it weekly. This iron is heavy enough to allow me to relax my hand while I'm ironing instead of constantly adding pressure. It easily irons all the cotton botton downs and the narrowed nose up at the front of the iron makes it easy to reach out all the tiny corners on the clothes. It uses a lot of water though but I am ready to water it as much as necessary! It's great!<br/>Unfortunately, just a year and a half later, it's April 2018, it suddenly stopped heating up (even the light that signifies the heating of the iron wouldn't turn on), began leaking and the steam stopped coming. :( it's upsetting to say the least, because I absolutely love ironing. I guess now it's the time for my homework for a reliable, good iron, although I love Rowenta so much for its tiny-tiny holes on the ironing surface. Oh well, good luck to me...
 The Iron no longer gets HOT, it gets warm to iron a slik or nylon clothing , not hot enough to iron a cotton clothing.<br/>I set the iron to cotton setting and ironed a old nylon shirt, - it should have started to melt the fabric but it did not, because not HOT enough,  I  need to get a replacement ....
 I never thought the variability in irons could really differ that much... boy was I wrong!  My old iron, which was a nice Panasonic finally died after many dedicated years of use and I found myself needing a replacement not knowing how to go about picking an iron.  My gf mentioned that the Rowenta was known to be one of the best, so I figured why not try it out to see.  It's brilliant!  It heats quickly and my clothes iron very easily.  I don't have to go over the same area multiple times to get a crisp look, this iron oftentimes does it in just one or two swoops.  I hate ironing and if I can pass with something that is semi-wrinkled that doesn't look like a used tissue, I will.  I will never enjoy ironing but this Rowenta makes that process a lot less painful and actually bearable.
 I've been using this iron for a couple of months now and I don't care for it.  I iron my shirts for work everyday and I like plenty of steam to get the wrinkles out.  Unfortunately, the steam is unreliable.  I end up tipping it forward to try to get water to move to the front of the iron as it seems to sometimes "turn the steam on" this way even though I have the control set to high steam.  I also always ensure the water reservoir is full, so that's not the issue.  I bought this iron because it's made in Germany.  The construction is probably good, but just not reliable steam.  Will have to go back and buy a different one.
 I have had this iron for several months and it is a beauty!<br/><br/>First, I ordered the version made in Germany (as opposed to the versions made in China and Mexico). The quality is outstanding.<br/><br/>Second, I read all of the instructions before I turned it on. This made a difference in how it performs. I would have treated the iron a bit differently had I not read the instructions, making some incorrect assumptions.<br/><br/>The iron performs beautifully. The one thing I did differently is I run my tap water through a Britta filter before putting it in the iron because my tap water is very hard and has quite a bit of arsenic in it. I dind't want the minerals and arsenic turning to powder and floating around me while I iron.<br/><br/>The fine point at the front of the iron is perfect for corner seams and other tight spots. The steam performance is the best I have ever had. The iron is versatile when it comes to different weights and types of fabric. The cord is extra long which is great because I can keep it out of the way while I iron.<br/><br/>Even if this iron doesn't last as long as an old USA made GE steam iron, it has already been worth the price for the quality of the ironing and the variety of fabrics it will iron beautifully.
 We purchased this iron in August of 2014. Prior to this, we were using an inexpensive iron that we had purchased from a local retail store. It was still working after 10 plus years, but did not have many extra features and had to be cleaned often. We decided to make an investment in a good “quality” product. This iron is not used on a regular basis. I would guess it has been used once or twice a month. I did sometimes notice a lot of moisture on the ironing board, but I use a lot of steam when I iron. However, yesterday while using it, water started POURING out from the hole where the cord comes out. My husband, who can fix anything, took it apart and said it’s not repairable.  I looked up my purchase to see how old it was, and I now see many people have had the same problem. I’m off to our local retail chain today to purchase an inexpensive, dependable iron. You don’t always get was you pay for.
 I purchased this iron specifically to use with my sewing - I do a lot of quilting, patchwork and bags mainly.  I use this on my cutting table with one of those fold-up table-top ironing boards and it's a great combo.  I love that the iron automatically switches off after a few minutes, but can be woken up with a shake.  It reheats very quickly indeed.  It has a nice point which helps getting into tight areas and pressing back small seams.  It feels very ergonomic in the hand - pressing the steam shot and spray buttons is just a matter of sliding your thumb down an inch (it may seem like a small point, but on many irons you need to lift your thumb and move to another location to press a button which has a high profile or is very stiff - this can be tiring if you do a lot of ironing). The water reservoir is very wide and easy to refill, with a secure "snap" of the lid when done.  It's these little design details that led me to buy this model, and they make all the difference in how much I enjoy using the iron.  I have had no problems with water leakage (I use regular tap water as instructed) and have been using this iron very regularly for a few month, and I am delighted.
 This is my second Rowenta iron and when my first one bit the dust after 10 yrs of faithful ironing I was in a full on panic. After scouring the reviews of the thousand other Rowenta irons offered I settled on this one.Lucky me Amazon had this beauty on sale! Today I had the pleasure of using this for the first time. It was packaged well , looked cool and I couldn’t wait to fill it up with tap water and get to it. The 400 holes in the bottom of the shiny bottom plate filled with steam and I was amazed.<br/>My previous Rowenta had a few steam holes but nothing like the new one. I will admit as I pushed the steam button over and over while using it that after ironing 4 cotton pillow cases front and back I did have to refill the water ( small price to pay for perfectly creased cases) . This baby will also throw you into a hot flash due to the awesome heat/ steam combo coming off of it so beware of that!<br/>The pointed front plate was so easy to glide over my cotton shirts and get into the collar and cuffs I was just amazed at how much I had been missing out on from using my previous model.<br/>I will hopefully have another 10 yrs of use out of this German engineered wonder. I will update if I experience any issues like I’ve read from other reviewers. Using this iron reminds me of driving my BMW..luxury, great handling, speed and looks super cool!<br/>Get this iron stat you will be amazed!
 We've had several Rowenta irons and the quality has gotten worse with every iron purchase.  1 month into owning this iron, the steam button got stuck.  2 months into this iron's life, the temperature control went.  The iron light goes out while ironing, the plate gets cold, we twist the cord, the current connects and then the light goes on and it burns our clothes.<br/>I called about my dissatisfaction with this iron and was told it was beyond the 30 day guarantee and that I should have purchased the extended warranty.  Should I expect a brand new iron to last less than 1 year?<br/>After a long history of owning Rowenta irons - we're done.  What a piece of crap.
 Iron looked liked it'd been used JUST BEFORE sending, water still inside reservoir, calcium deposits on bottom.<br/>Update: On top of everything else, it doesn't heat or do anything once plugged in.<br/><br/>P.p.s- Emptied and cleaned, boxed and taped. Just when I thought my disappointment was over. Ups box begins to leak. Iron had become waterlogged and decided to relieve itself.
 So far it is working beautifully - heats up very quickly and the steam is strong when I need it.  It does use up water quickly, but it is engineered to use tap water and that's a big plus .. no big deal getting more water to fill it up again.  Some have complained that it is hard to fill.  I disagree .. you just tilt it forward a bit and it is easy.  The elongated front works beautifully around buttons.
 I bought this iron in September 2017.  The iron worked great for about a year and then little problems started happening.  Once time the water leaked after I had turned off the iron and stored it in the upright position.  Then the steam button started failing intermittently.  Today, January 10, 2019, I plug in the iron and it just won't heat up.  The light comes on but the iron will not generate any heat.  I've had a Rowenta iron prior to purchasing the Focus (model #DW5080).  I bought the Focus because of my prior good experience with the Rowenta brand the fact that this was a 4-star item on Amazon with thousands of reviews.  Since my iron no longer works after such a short period of time, I would definitely not recommend purchasing this iron.
 Is it possible to love an iron?  I like to sew (except when I hate it).  I had an old, reconditioned,Rowena I had dropped on a stone floor repeatedly. I never bothered to replace it because I figured it wouldn’t make that much difference to a dreaded chore.  Boy was I wrong. I love how this gets hot fast, produces loads of steam, and makes easy work ironing almost anything.
 Rowenta just makes good irons. My old one died after 15 years of use so I bought this. Heats very quickly. Sole plate glides over fabric and the many steam holes put out a LOT of steam, even without using the extra burst. I find, though, that the "spray" button on the handle is in a position that I can press it inadvertently. And if I'm ironing more that a few garments, I need to refill the water reservoir at least once. But all that steam is a good thing! I love it.
 Great iron, EXCEPT that it started leaking after 1.5 years.  Now it won't hold water at all. don't know how manufacturer could get this wrong.
 I was very happy with my last Rowenta steam iron but, I accidentally loved it to death. I used distilled water  instead of tap. Yes, it said to use tap water in the directions, my fault totally. BUT now I have a steamier, new Rowenta and I am so enjoying getting my quilt tops flat as a pancake. It has a bit more power and the heat dial is easier to read than on past models.  I've only had it e few weeks now but so far very good.
 Very disappointed started to leak out bottom after 2 months of use
 My wife and I both iron almost daily, we keep the ironing board (Rowenta, of course!) set up in the corner of our bedroom.<br/><br/>Rowenta is the brand against which other irons should be compared, they are consistently superior.  This is my third one over many years.<br/><br/>This is a great iron!  It heats very quickly.  The sole is designed for speed, the friction is incredibly low.  The very pointy front-end gets into tight places.  The balance is good and the handle is comfortable.<br/><br/>The water-filler is especially nice, you can pour water in very quickly to fill it fast, without spilling.  Ordinary tap water is recommended, unless you live in an area, like I do where the tap water is unusually hard, in which case they recommend 50/50 distilled water/tap water, which is what I use.<br/><br/>My only nit, and the reason for withholding the 5th star, is that the spray-button position is a little too easy to press accidentally.  The way I hold the iron I sometimes accidentally squirt the sprayer.  It's no big deal and I've learned to adjust my grip to compensate.  But I mention it on the off chance that the manufacturer actually reads Amazon reviews, it could be slightly better-designed.
 I bought my first Rowenta iron 28 years ago and have used it pretty much all of the time since, it finally got a small crack and would leak a little bit of water while using steam other wise I would not be replacing it and I would not even think of buying any other brand. Before I purchased my first Rowenta iron I had had other cheaper brands but they never lasted very long so when someone told me the best brand was Rowenta I decided I would buy one and have never been sorry. I’m 66 years old and I expect this to be the last one I have to buy!! Great product
 I've has this iron for about a month now and so far so good. It produces a lot of steam (on the top steam setting) which makes it great for ironing business shirts. The downside of this is that you need to top up the water quite often, but I really don't mind. The shape of the soleplate is great, wider at the bottom with a pointy tip for ironing between buttons. It sits sturdily both when ironing and when resting on its end.<br/><br/>Some of the other reviewers have written about problems with the iron leaking water, fortunately mine has not had that issue yet.
 We bought this same model to replace the same model after we dropped ours and it eventually developed the infamous power cord failure - I even tried to repair it but no luck. I got that first iron at a great deal 5 years ago and had hoped it would last longer but don't blame anyone since we did mistakenly knock it off the ironing board and Rowenta states it should be replaced if it's dropped etc.
 I got just under 4 months use of it before it died rather unceremoniously. I'm going to guess I used it a total of about 6 times. When I iron, I typically iron 15-23 shirts and 8 pairs of dress pants. When it worked, it worked good, but my last iron was a Shark, and I got just under 10 years of use out of it, and it cost perhaps half the cost of this one. Beyond disappointing.
 Please find another iron. This one is not made well. The iron leaks out the top hole where you fill it with water. it gets all over your clothing. We have had this iron for 3 weeks and it broke already. The front facing has come loose so when you fill it with water, it leaks all down the front. Please do not spend $50 for this iron, you could buy a $20 one that is better.
 I use my iron for many hours everyday and unfortunately this one has not held up well. It started leaking after 5 months of use. So very disappointing for such an expensive iron. I had such hopes for Rowenta but alas it's garbage. Back to cheap irons since they last just as long.
 Love the iron. Holds a good amount of water. Lights tell you when it is ready. The number of holes must really make a difference because it is smooth and with consistent coverage. My favorite feature is the design of the lid for the water reservoir. No drips. No drips from the bottom either. Solid iron and works well.<br/><br/>One problem. I have to be careful when I pick up the iron by the handle because the manual dial is close enough that I can swipe it when I pick up. Can change the temperature a good bit that way.
 After 8 months, this item just randomly began leaking. After taking a break one day, I came back to a thoroughly soaked ironing board. My sewing project which I had left on the ironing board was also half soaked. Some of the water was rust colored. Every time I heat up the iron and let it cool down, it leaks water out of the cord area and baseplate.  It is  A LOT of water too. Yes, you heard me right...the CORD area. It's amazing no one has been electrocuted from it. Save your money and buy a $25 iron. The last "cheapo" iron I bought lasted four years.
 Updated review: this thing stinks. I purchased this as an upgrade to my shark iron (about half the price) about 10 months ago.  It was a great iron at first. It now constantly leaks water out of the bottom and leaves rust brown spots on the clothes I make, which is a huge hassle and waste of money! And the self cleaning thing is BS, you have to hold it down just like the steam button. Back to shark I go!
 I have been ironing for 50+ years and - without a doubt - this is THE BEST iron I have ever used. The water container is large so a person can iron more than 4 shirts before having to refill the water tank. The pointed tip is ideal for small areas. The handle is very comfortable. The heat dial is easy to reach and easy to see. Auto shutoff is a good idea. Even the color and styling is updated and nice to look at. It is heavier than other less expensive irons but GIRL POWER is a good thing!
 This iron actually makes ironing enjoyable... I just wish I hadn't waited so long to buy it! The massive amount of micro steam holes is superior over your standard style iron. Wrinkles come out quick and easy with less effort/time.<br/><br/>PROS:<br/>- heats up fast<br/>- narrow tip for getting into tight spaces and/or crafting<br/>- lots of controllable steam without drips or spurts of water<br/>- comfortable grip, even for smaller hands<br/>- Made in Germany (the cheaper Rowenta models are not)<br/><br/>CONS:<br/>- a little on the heavy side<br/>- expensive (but completely worth it)<br/><br/>OVERALL:<br/>Very happy with this purchase and have recommended it to friends and family.
 I have had this iron for 3 months. I have had several Rowenta irons in the past and have been pleased with them. This one, however, LEAKS. It doesn't matter how full/empty the reservoir is; it leaks! I am so disappointed with this iron.  I sew and quilt and with a leaky iron, it's just frustrating.  Please believe the bad reviews.  Unfortunately, I did not. This is a poor performing iron. Amazon will only take returns on this iron for 1 month then it will be up to you to contact Rowenta and tell them how bad the iron performs and attempt to get the situation resolved.  Please save yourself from the mess of this iron.
 Absolutely won my wife’s approval when she used this for the first time. She is an ironing machine and this iron is far and away the best we’ve owned. I can’t believe how quick she gets done... seriously. That’s not good for me because then she has more time for meaningful conversation when I’m trying to research Fantasy Football. Would have gotten a crappy one if I knew how much it would affect my “me time”
 The distance between the handle and the dial is too small. I am constantly changing the settings accidentally while using this product. When you adjust your grip to compensate, it becomes difficult to reach the top buttons. The ergonomics need to be addressed. Not sure how this product got such a good review. It has been a month and it is constantly leaking while in use. Most of the steam comes out once you stand it up (not on your garments). Frequently refilling the water as well.
 Love Rowenta irons.  The only problem I have with this one is that the water tank is difficult to see through, when you want to see how much water you have added.  They should make it a lighter color.  But it really is not a reason to send it back.  Lots of steam when you need it.  Makes ironing a much more pleasant task!
 This is, without a doubt, the Mercedes-Maybach of irons (both made in Germany). You know, when you only buy an iron once every 20+ years, you might as well spring for the best and most expensive available. And unlike a German car, this iron is guaranteed not to have premature suspension parts failures or motor oil leaks,<br/><br/>It puts out plenty of steam, is heavy enough to get the job done without being overly heavy, and irons my shirts beautifully. I'm very pleased with the purchase.
 I waited awhile to write this review after I tested the iron for several months. It doesn’t get a lot of use and it has already started to leak and spit white scale all over clothes. The cleaning button doesn’t work either.
 After ironing for years with a small, travel iron, using this is a real pleasure.  Gets the wrinkles out without a struggle and has plenty of options to attack stubborn spots with steam and spray.  I especially like the way the pointy nose gets into the tightest areas.  I feel like a kid with a new toy while doing one of the most hated tasks of housekeeping.  This is one of those items worth paying extra for the best.
 Purchased one month after the Rowenta DH5030 valve parts heat rotted after barely a year of ownership. Not eligible for a replacement or repair, I purchased the DW5080 and 8 months later it’s leaking and the steam button sticks. Rowenta is no longer a brand I’d recommend.
 I bought this to replace a Rowenta that was dropped and broken. It really puts out the steam!  400 vents for the steam makes ironing so quick and easy. I love the easy fill spout for water especially since it tends to go through water very fast. When you first use it after it heats up it tends to sputter and spit out a few drops of water. I avoid this by "Ironing" the ironing board cover for a few seconds before ironing the clothes. It is a bit awkward to set back up on it's base. I have a bad wrist so I use a silicon iron shaped pad with bumps on it to put the iron on face down while actively ironing. The drawback of that is the iron continues to steam the entire time it is face down and you go through A Lot of water. All in all I like the iron and would recommend it to anyone who loves a lot of steam and an iron that irons great.
 This iron is a little heavy, and that’s a good thing. Itirons beautifully and feels better made than the other mostly plastic iron I own. In an era or low quality manufacturing, this feels like something from an earlier time. A nice, solid iron that presses clothes efficiently, produces lots of steam and heats up in an instant. The only downside is that the iron doesn’t have anything to wrap cord around.
 The item came not new! The box is opened, iron is dusty, the worst is some garbage like a small stone is rattling inside the water container. I have no idea how to get it out, will return. The iron itself may be good, but Amazon service is disappointing.
 I am a quilter plus iron clothes often. Bought this iron because it had such high reviews.  Loved the way it ironed but was constantly bumping and moving the settings when I grabbed the handle. About a month ago water started running out of the bottom and no amount of cleaning helped. The warranty doesn't cover this. Very disappointed.
 I bought this iron because it was Amazon's choice. I was really disappointed with this iron.<br/>It leaks water from somewhere. If I fill it one day, the next day I find it empty with water all over the iron table.<br/>it is also dripping water and dropping crusts on my clothes that I am ironing.<br/>it is still working but it messes up the clothes so I decided to ditch it and look for a new iron that is not Rowenta
 Although this iron served me fairly well while I used it, it is going to have to be replaced due to the electrical system overheating and my surge protector shutting it off (for good reason).  I am afraid of a fire, even though I unplug it after each use but the cord is getting hot while plugged in now.  I do not abuse the cord so that shouldn't be why this occurred. I thought it had lasted longer than 2 years but I found my Amazon trail, thank goodness; so I am unhappy with how long this lasted for the price I paid for it.  I use my iron almost daily and count on it to last years; but this one has disappointed.
 I bought this to replace a Rowenta iron that lasted almost a decade.  This iron would perform beautifully, although the steam and spray buttons on this model are extremely elongated and curve into the space of the handle.  What this means is that as you iron, your hand holding the iron accidentally presses the 2 buttons and releases spray water, dripping onto the item you're ironing.  It nearly impossible to navigate the iron without holding the handle in a manner that accidentally presses the buttons.  I'm a petite female with normally sized hands.  I suppose I could train myself to hold the iron further toward the rear, but that's not ergonomically balanced.  Alas, I will be returning this in exchange for a different Rowenta model.
 I finally wore out my Rowenta Advancer and replaced it with this model.  It wasn't worth the savings trading down.  It's difficult to determine its heat setting without confirmation LEDs, and there's no detent on the dial -- sloppy and the heat setting gets constantly moved by mere handling.<br/><br/>They cost reduced their product and it's no longer a stand-out vs. other commodity irons.
 The reason this iron leaks is because the spray levers are too large. My very small hand slides forward from the grip down to the spray levers, causing me to slightly push one of the spray levers. (See attached photo). Otherwise, it’s a good iron.
 This is a good product, I'm not experienced in irons though so take my review with a grain of salt. I use a lot of starch when I iron. When using starch and ironing with the steamer on, my clothes get very wet. I am constantly having to wash off the burned starch on the bottom of this iron which is a pain. I have noticed deposits, possibly calcium deposits, inside the holes of the steel plate underneath this iron. Wish there was a way of that not happening and I know i am using this right because the Manual clearly states NOT to use filtered water. Also, I wish the water reservoir on this iron was larger, since after about 2-3 dress shirts,  I have to refill the water reservoir. Finally, when ironing, I am always accidentally turning the knob to a different setting since it is very easy to turn. Wish that knob was a tad bit harder to turn to prevent it from turning with the slightest touch.
 Do not buy it!!! I bought this to replace my old iron, and it did not work. At first, everything seemed fine, but it went downhill quickly. It hardly lasted a year. After, the iron started leaking water from everywhere! Waste of money!
 I decided to spend a little extra on an iron and I am glad that I did. This iron is awesome. I think it did the same button down men's shirt in about half the time as the budget Rival iron I had from Walmart. This does go trough water quickly but I guess that is why there is so much steam coming out and it takes half the time to iron a shirt. Clearly a high quality piece of equipment.
 Will I ever learn? This is 3rd Rowenta iron I have owned and the 3rd time the cord has short circuited. Even though it irons great and steams even better, no more. $$$$$ does not always indicate quality.
 I bought this to replace my old Rowenta iron, which stopped steaming but was probably 15 years old.  This iron is quite nice: it has heft without being too heavy, the steam is substantial, the soleplate is super smooth, and I love the tapered tip for getting in between buttons.  My only complaint is the short cord.  It's a full 3-1/2 feet shorter than my old iron.  I don't iron with my back against a wall, Rowenta!  I shouldn't have to use an extension cord.
 After much deliberation (weeks of research) I ended up purchasing this model. It replaced an older model Rowenta. I wanted more steam. The high wattage means it heats up quickly and sustains a constant height heat on the cotton/max setting. The plethora of soleplate holes release an abundance of steam. An acceptable sized reservoir although if you are using it on full steam mode along with using bursts of steam it needs frequent refills. Good weight to press fabric. I mostly use for quilting, not so much for clothing. But a wrinkle is a wrinkle and this works well. No leaks.
 So far so good! Very good iron, great amount of steam and heat. Unfortunately this is my third Rowenta iron because they continue to break but I’m trying one more time. So far so good.
 After 6 months of use the iron began to release water on to the close and not getting as hot as it used to.
 We purchased this on past experience with Rowenta irons. So far this iron performs great and we feel it was worth the cost. Our old one lasted 15 years and we hope this will offer similar service.
 ALL PRO'S; (no con's)!!  I love it!  incredible steam - so good, in fact, that every time I press the steam button, my glasses steam up as well!  Very solid; heavy enough to weight the material, but not so heavy that you'll get tired fast.  Large plate and pointed tip - both make ironing easier!  Water chamber twice as large as my last Rowenta; easy to load water (without backing up and spilling out); uses tap water; heats up quickly.  Did I mention that I LOVE this Rowenta and WOULD BUY IT AGAIN!! Originally thought it was pricey, but once I used it, I felt it was worth the cost.  It has a very solid, quality feel.  I actually look forward to ironing with it (REALLY!).
 I don't normally do too many reviews, but this unit deserves it. My wife was extremely disappointed with another brand that she picked up from a store outlet. Paid almost as much for as this one was priced at. It took a long time to heat up, leaked, spit, and dribbled all over the place. This unit heats up fast, doesn't leak, operates as advertised. She is very pleased with this unit.  Should be the last one you buy for awhile.
 The best iron I’ve ever owned. This is the second Rowenta I’ve purchased. I was raised to always use T-Fal and then a few years ago was introduced to Rowenta and never looked back. Make sure though that you purchase a Rowenta that is made in Germany, not one that is made in a China. It makes a big difference.
 This is the holy grail of irons.<br/><br/>Slides smoother and irons more effectively than anything I've ever used before.... very ergonomic and clean looking too.<br/><br/>I only feed this thing RO water to prevent any hard water deposits/scaling.
 OK not many people think that ironing is fun, but this iron gets it done with such efficiency that no one minds the task!!  I use it with my sewing room projects, and it has taken less time to get it all done every time.  One thing to note, have a water source for refilling if you have a lot of "steam" work to do....it works great!!
 I'm a cheapskate - let's get that out the way up front. So why would I spend $90 for an iron? Simple - you get what you pay for. I'd spent years using cheap irons that dripped small puddles of water from their steam holes and soaked my clothes so that I would have to hold the iron on the wet spot to dry it out. I kinda assumed that all irons did this. So when my old Black and Decker finally gave out, I searched around for a replacement. The only time I'd ever heard of Rowenta was from watching European figure skating competitions where there were Rowenta ads around the rink. Spending this much money on an iron required a paradigm change for me. The three things that swayed me were (1) I used my previous irons for 5-7 years on average, so when the cost is spread out, its not that bad,  (2) 400 steam holes intrigued me, and (3) my experience with German-made products has been largely positive. After using it for a couple months now, I can report that this well-made iron is the best I've ever used. Heats up fast and produces steam fast - LOTS of steam at the max level. The steam hole pattern, with holes near the front tip, is really useful for getting to those difficult areas. The self-cleaning function is very good too. The only downside is that its noticeably heavier than any other iron I've used.
 OK, so I have always hated ironing.  When shopping I seek out clothing that does not need to be ironed.  I tumble dry and go, I rarely wear clothes that require an iron, etc.  But...now I know why.  I've always had a poor quality iron...at least compared to this.  I've bought highly rates stuff, but honestly, nothing I've ever owned even compared to this Rowenta.  It is hands down the highest quality iron that I've ever used and does an impressive job of actually ironing shirts flat (and them staying flat), which my old iron just couldn't seem to do.  So, have I become someone who irons for fun?  No, but this is the most fun I've ever had ironing...I think because I'm able to do it more quickly and effectively than ever before.
 It does work, but better than that it is a well balanced, well designed iron.  It doesn't drip, output blobs of dirty water or otherwise put stains on my clothes.  This is good.
 Auto off feature continually<br/>Auto-off feature turns iron off within 30 seconds of turning on. (Yes, iron is positioned vertically). Must continually un-plug to reset while in process of ironing. Purchased summer 2017. Ordered this German-made item to replace an old Rowenta of similar specs (also manufactured in Germany). Expected better from previous experience. Reviewed the warranty but found the process for replacement/repair to be very difficult not to mention being without an iron for an unknown period of time. Suggest you consider all your options.
 This iron was purchased to replace another Rowenta iron that was starting to act up.  Overall, I am more than pleased with this iron!!<br/><br/>However, here is a couple of things to keep in mind.  This iron produces more steam.  More steam means it goes through water at a much faster rate.  In general, I can only iron about 2 to 2 and a half shirts before I have to refill the reservoir.<br/><br/>Also, this iron has a similar issue to my last Rowenta iron, when the reservoir gets low, it no longer wants to produce steam without a little persuasion.  Usually shaking the iron after I lay it down flat does the trick, but I don't feel as though I should have to do that.  Moral of the story, I keep a full reservoir.<br/><br/>And one other thing, my last Rowenta iron came with a full cup that easily adds water to the iron.  This iron did not come with that little cup.  So if you have one from a previous iron, don't throw it away when you purchase this one.
 This is an excellent iron.  It puts out massive amounts of steam and glides effortlessly over anything I've used it on.  I've cut my ironing time by about a third from my 10+ year old Rowenta that finally died.  The only criticism I have (which is realy more of an observation) is that irons with more steam holes require frequent refills if water.  It's noticeable when switching from an older model to a 200+ hole modern iron like this one.
 I loved my previous Rowenta but after a number of years, it began to leak a little while I was ironing in the steam setting.  So, even though it still heated well and steamed, I bought a new one.  But, to my distress, the new one leaked from the very beginning.  I am so disappointed.  I definitely would return it but have already thrown my box away.  I won't do that again with any new appliance.
 Growing up my mom always had a really crappy iron and ironing board. So I finally bought my own high quality iron because I got fed-up with the crappy hand me down I was using. My God is this thing ever a dream. It's a little pricey but quality! It glides with no hang ups. Heats up extremely fast. Auto-shut off when necessary. No calcium crystals have come out at all. I've used tap water (hard tap water in Arizona at that) and it hasn't messed up any of my clothes. I love this iron. Definitely don't regret the buy.
 This iron has a lot to like, but after two and a half years of use it's no longer working quite right. The cord has come partially disconnected where it joins the iron and now it will only turn on when it is positioned just the right way. It's out of warranty so I have to try to fix it myself or buy a new one.
 The steam button on the iron sticks and will not release. This has happened on two so far and we are on our third.
 Overall, we have been pleased with this iron. It's best feature is the sharp-pointed nose that makes fine ironing easy. It's weight is about right, heavy enough to iron thicker material like oxford shirts. The water reservoir is sufficient. The only drawback is that the color of the control circle blends in with the color of the iron and makes it difficult to see the settings. We have to hold it under a light to make out the settings. But, even with this flaw, this iron has met our ironing needs in excellent fashion.
 I was expecting German excellence but it seems everyone is shooting for the lowest common denominator. My iron is slow to heat up, never gets hot enough for linen (even at the highest setting) and drips water at inopportune moments.  No better than the junky made in China item it replaced at lower cost. Too bad
 For decades I have relied on Rowenta for ironing and this one does not disappoint either. It is a gem, though may be a little;e heavy when filled, although that contributes to erasing wrinkles. The only downside is the back cover below the electrical wire which is of a loose plastic and makes a sound overtime I put it down on its back. All my other Rowentas cracked exactly at that point and I hope the manufacturer looks to improve that part with a sturdier back.
 I have never had a really expensive iron or one this expensive, but in the past, I did not purchase the least expensive irons either.  This iron is AWESOME.  I can say that I kind of even enjoy ironing with this iron.  It works quickly to remove what in the past I would have considered stubborn wrinkles.  As noted in another review, the water well for the steam needs to refilled much more frequently than I ever had to do with less expensive irons, but I think that is because the iron releases so much steam in order to deal with those "stubborn" wrinkles so quickly.  This may be a sad commentary on my life, but I am almost amazed by the number of holes on the bottom of this iron.  If a friend comes in and my iron is out, I immediately pick up the iron and say, "Look at all the holes on the bottom of this iron."  I am in my early fifties and should NOT be so amazed by that, but I am.  This is the first quality iron I have ever owned, and I will recommend to my children that they not go the inexpensive route when it comes to irons.  The difference is HUGE.
 My first Rowenta, and I would buy another one! This Iron steams like a locomotive, although after moving the unit over a patch of clothing and setting it upright, it still steams a lot, which to me is the only small issue I have with this iron.Some may find it a bit heavy, but I am willing to contend with the weight because it does such a good job. I am very satisfied!
 This is a large iron bigger than I was expecting. I have a built in ironing board and this iron just barely fits with the door shut. Works great.
 I loved this iron at first.  But now I hate it! If I put water in it to steam iron, water always leaks out -- so much that I have to stop and clean up the area with towels.  DON'T BUY THIS UNLESS YOU WANT TO BUY A NEW ONE EVERY 9 MONTHS,
 I have had 2 of this iron. The first one lasted about 3 years before the steam pump failed. It also stopped heating up if I didn’t keep the cord a certain way. I took the cord apart and it was in good condition. I could not make it work. Seems as though it has an electronic defect. The second one did exactly the same thing after less tha one year.<br/>Would not purchase another.
 I love Rowenra irons, but this one is heavier than my last one which wasn’t light!  They are tall because of the point but that gets it close to corners and seams but they don’t  fit on the shelf in my hide a way iron cabinet But I keep on buying them anyway!
 The first one I ordered had some issues - none of the lights worked and it was giving off a smell that burned my eyes.  But it was quickly replaced by Amazon.<br/><br/>The second one is amazing.  I do a lot of pressing and this iron STEAMS!  Its also incredibly hot; you really have to set it on the right fabric or risk burning your fabric.  I ordered this model instead of the next one up because it has auto-shutoff.  It turns back on quickly once you start using it again.<br/><br/>The instruction sheet is a little wonky.  Just pictures, no words.  I think the instruction sheet is telling me the light turns on when the iron reaches temperature but its actually the other way around.  The light turns off when at temperature.<br/><br/>My only complaint would be that the temperature dial is under the handle and I keep catching it with my fingers as I grab for the iron.  It moves quite easily so changes the temperature - disconcerting when the temperature goes down and alarming and dangerous when the temperature goes up..
 Gets the wrinkles out faster than the 14 year old Sunbeam that it replaced. The ability to use tap water is great but I do cut it with 50% distilled water due to our having very hard water. Well worth the asking price.
 If you gotta have an iron (and I do), this one is great!  My first Rowenta lasted about eight years &amp; finally started puttering and getting not-so-hot, so I finally gave up and ordered this one using an Amazon gift card.  Read the reviews and so far none of the negatives apply to my use.  Steam is great, temperature control is great, easy to fill, no problems with the latch to the water tank - in general, just what I needed.  I iron clothes, and use it in making quilts, so the shape of the "nose" is great for getting in hard to reach places.  Also appreciate that the cord is placed for left and right-handed use &amp; has an automatic cut-off since my life is full of interruptions.  Thanks for the easy shopping Amazon!
 So far I am really liking my iron.. I had bought one at the store for about 50$ and was ok, but my husband has to wear FR (flame resistant) clothes which can be thicker and my old iron was not cutting it.. It would take me hours to get through a weeks worth of his outfits.. Needless to say my old one finally gave out, just over a year of having it. I borrowed my cousins which was this style and instantly saw the difference. Ordered this one and I don't mind ironing at all now.. It cut my time ironing dramatically and the clothes come out looking great.. Love love love this iron!! Great buy!
 I used it twice then it stopped heating up. I'm trying to replace the item because of all the glowing reviews. Upset because Im in the middle of a quilt and this is a super big inconvenience.<br/>UPDATE. I returned the defective Rowenta. they quickly, two days, replaced it with the same model , no charge, The new model has been used for two weeks no problems so far. so I will up my rating to 4 stars .
 No matter how "good" the iron is or how well it's made, if it can't keep a reliable temperature then it's garbage. The temperature knob is sensitive and the light touch will push it to a new setting, which will happen often since the knob is directly beneath your fingers when you grip the iron's handle. Every time you grab or let go of the iron, there's decent odds that you'll change the temp if you aren't intentionally being careful so that you don't. Would be easy to fix if the knob required more effort or even better if there was a way to lock it in place.
 This is our second DW5080, our third Rowenta iron in 20 years.  There is no doubt, the quality of the Rowenta product is outstanding!  The first one we had, we used like crazy for many years and even dropped it a few times and it still kept on working fine until one day it just stopped getting hot.  So we did some research and decided upon the Rowenta DW5080, another great product and we were very happy with it until we dropped it on a tile floor that split the case and bent the baseplate.  So, needless to say, had to replace it and frankly, didn't give it a second thought to buy another just like it.  Very pleased with the decision.
 This is truly the best iron I've owned...except for the last one which was also a Rowenta Iron.  The recently deceased Rowenta iron was destroyed by a fat Siamese cat who loves to sit on the ironing board.  In one of his more adventurous leaps to his favorite perch he knocked my lovely little pink (for Breast Ca awareness and my fav. color) off the board and made huge fractures in the water chamber.  Unfortunately is costs over half the price of a new iron to repair one two years old.  Back to the new version...It steams, it irons, it smooths out clothing (and the multiple linen drapes I've had to make for my daughter's home) like a champ.  It has great weight so you don't have to "press down" so hard, and it's variable heat settings work with any fabric.  The water chamber could hold a bit more, but what are ya gonna do...I like it.  If you can afford the price, get this one...it's worth it.  Yes you can purchase less expensive products to do the job, but YOU will work harder.  Peace.........
 I bought this about 2 years ago. It leaks water when ironing all over the clothes and it appears to have a short and just turns off or doesn’t heat up. I bought this after my mil said she’s had her for 20 years and they are worth the investment. My 25$ iron from Walmart lasted me 8 years, I expected at least that out of a 100$ iron.  I will never buy another Rowenta product and costumer service just told me sorry it’s out of warranty you can send it in for repairs.
 This is my first Rowenta iron, and it is getting returned. First, the steam is very sporadic even though it is set to max steam. I don't like the placement of the temperature control. While gripping the handle, it's easy for your thumb to hit the knob and change the setting. I also don't like that it needs to be flat while filling it. You have to keep stopping and standing it up to see if it is full or not. Overall, I'm not happy with what I consider to be a pretty expensive iron.
 I have owned three Rowenta steam irons, one second hand. I would not be tempted to purchase another brand. I sew and quilt continuously, and this product does an excellent job pressing and ironing. My only concern with this model is that the water reservoir is covered by smoky colored plastic which makes judging the water level difficult. Also, as with the Rowenta products I've used, the steam output adjustment dial is not useful. One either has no steam or a huge quantity of it. For many purposes this is no problem, but if you are holding a seam open while pressing with steam it is easy to get a nasty burn. This iron does a great job, but requires care when using the steam setting.
 Rowenta quality continues to go down hill.  LESS THAN FOUR MONTHS and it's already turning off when I start to iron (customer service said something about "engaging.")  Rowenta is going to send me a shipping label, I need to find a box,  then ship it back,  it can take up to two weeks to repair and then they will mail it back.  I can't really go 3-4 weeks without an iron so that means I need to buy another one.  Definitely NOT ROWENTA!<br/>Follow up:  They mailed us back the iron, it kind of worked for a couple of months but the Black &amp; Decker we bought was better so mostly sed that and then it just stopped working again.
 i bought this iron in January of 2016, as to date, the iron is falling apart, the plastic piece on top whree the spray mist comes out is compeletly coming off, the iron has started leaking water from this seperation and from the sole plate on the bottom part of the iron, the insulation is falling out of the bottom sole plate and leaks water 100% this iron has failed me. It is clearly defective . I called the company they informed me that defective or not there is no replacement because the warrenty is for 1 year only. I am so upset with this , I loved this iron best one i have had, and for what ? the outragous cost for a piece of crap? i will never purchase from Rowenta again, i will slam this company every chance i get,
 I'm a quilter and this iron does an awesome job. even with the smallest of squares and triangles.
 Wow! I've had for a couple months. Totally wipes the floor with the Target-brand iron I had before. Heats quickly, automatically adds steam when needed, and I like the long nose that can "get in there." Glad I sprung for it, seems like it will last a long time.
 This review is based on my first use. Upon unpacking the unit seems well built as you would expect for this price range. The water filler hole is wonderful in it's size and angle. Makes filling from a standard one gallon jug very easy and mess free.<br/><br/>Ironing results were excellent but there is just one niggle. The space between the handle and the temperature control dial is too shallow. The first 5 times I reached out to pick the iron up my thumb inadvertently  turned the temp dial. Keep in mind that I do not have large hands, there is just not enough space for a natural grab. This forced me to concentrate each time I picked it up. Not a deal breaker as I'm sure the more careful grab will become natural soon enough but for those with large hands I'm not so sure. Otherwise this would be a 5 star product for me.
 Rowenta's have always been great in my book.  I love how hefty the iron is.  It's not heavy but it doesn't feel like a cheap toy in your hand.  The pointed nose is great for getting around buttons and the steam that comes out of this thing, wonderful.  If you iron a lot, be prepared to keep filling that reservoir because this thing goes through water quick.  When you set it down it sits very well so no worrying over whether or it will tip over.  As for an on-off switch, I have not seen one of those on a iron in a long time.  The auto-off works just fine.
 Has lots of steam vents.  Great iron.  I would recommend.<br/>I have had this iron for over a year now and I have to revise my initial opinion.  I paid more money for this iron thinking it would be the best one to get.  Well, not so.  This iron leaks and dribbles water all over your clothes and ironing board. I could have gotten a less expensive one to do that!  If you don't want leaks, don't buy this iron!
 Right when you pick up this iron you will notice that it is not a normal cheap iron. It is solid and heavy. I like that the tip is smaller and tapered. The small tip makes it easier when ironing shirts. Also the stream burst button is really powerful. I had a suit that had some wrinkles in it. I didn't want to actually iron it and I did not want to pay to get it dry cleaner. I heated up the iron to a high temperature and after several bursts of steam the wrinkles started coming out.
 Received the item thank n January 10, 2018 and so far I’ve used it 5 times and stop working. Very disappointed! We always have Rowenta for iron, and normally lasted 4-5 years. This is the first time I’ve ordered iron online and only lasted after 5 used😫😫😫
 An improvement over the DW 8080 I had originally purchased.  You are able to see the water level in this model unlike the DW8080.  Does a great job of producing steam, but of course the more steam you produce the greater the need to fill the reservoir.  The only criticism is that the surge and water spray buttons could be more ergonomically designed.
 Now that I have used the iron for several months it leaks every time I use it.  I have had Rownta irons in the past and loved them. This is not one to purchase.
 Bought this a few months ago . Cannot return as window closed. Iron does not heat up consistently and the anti-calc system clogs.. White calcium just spread all over a dark shirt and white calcium is leaking out of the steam vents in the bottom.. Bad investment. And I have not used it that often!
 This purchase replaces 20-year old Rowenta iron (still working beautifully)  that needed a new cord: price of cord and labor nearly equals the Amazon price  of this new iron. So I decided to treat our house to a new top-of-the-line Rowenta! This irons works beautifully and is deigned to steam with tap water. Its pointed top makes it easy to get into corners, under collars, etc.  This iron makes ironing fun!! You can't go wrong with a Rowenta iron!
 I purchased this after reading all the 5 star reviews for this iron.  I must have received a clunker because this damn iron LEAKS EVERY TIME I use it.  I have followed the troubleshooting suggestions for leaking to no avail.  This is a 'would not purchase'.
 My wife use it basically every day and she already have it for one year and we highly recommended it’s very durable and dont damage your cloths
 I always suspected that ironing could be easier and less time consuming.  I'd heard great things about Rowenta irons and am THRILLED to finally have one of my own.  I do a fair amount of sewing and this iron makes pressing seams etc. while sewing a real pleasure.  This iron work great and I LOVE the amount of steam produced and the fact that it takes regular, rather than distilled water.  All the clothes I've pressed from delicate blouses to hubby's trousers have ended up looking great in record time.  Highly recommended tool for making ironing chores easier.
 I had been using an old Black &amp; Decker iron I bought at an outlet mall almost 20 years ago, and it finally died on me.  I had no idea how weak that iron was until I started using this Rowenta.  The amount of steam that comes out is amazing and I can generally smooth out any wrinkle with one pass.  I love this iron.  I hope it lasts me as long as my crappy outlet mall iron!
 I never thought I would spend so much money on an iron but it is totally worth it. I iron my husbands dress shirts that he wears daily to work and this iron really helps the job go faster and much better!<br/><br/>We have really hard well water so I do a 50/50 mix of our well water and spring water to use in the iron as suggested in the manual.<br/><br/>It heats up quickly and the pointed end is perfect for getting in between buttons and into small spaces.<br/><br/>I am very happy with my purchase and would recommend this iron and would buy another Rowenta when the time comes.
 Although the  DW5080 specs claim 1700 watts, the iron doesn't appear to get that hot.  I had a different model Rowenta before  (same specs 1700W) and the previous iron could handle 100 percent cotton, denim jeans etc with no problem. This  DW5080, not so. In fact, I found that I could leave the iron face down on the ironing board at the highest setting, lift it up and immediately place my hand on the spot on the ironing board without any discomfort from the "heat". It does not get hot enough.
 Love this Rowenta iron. The shape is great for getting into small spaces and around buttons. Love the steam that this iron puts out. You can even steam garments vertically. WOW what a fantastic feature. And it doesn’t spit. Love Rowenta.
 This is the best iron I’ve ever owned.  I just finished making new window treatments for our guest room and this iron made it much quicker.  The steam feature is impressive, requiring fewer passes over a stubborn wrinkle.  The reservoir is ample and easy to fill.  The iron’s narrow, pointed tip makes it easier to get into small spaces.  It handles well and is easy to use.  The auto shutoff is an important safety feature.  I recommend this iron without reservation.
 I’ve owned a number of Rowenta irons the past 10-15 years and have always been pleased.  This particular one is no different than a less expensive brand.  The hottest setting is the only setting that will get what previously worked on more moderate settings.  Cotton is still wrinkled.  If I had not thrown away the packaging, I would have returned it.  I don’t know if it is the brand, the model or the vendor.  I will consider other options and vendors next time.
 Ok, lets start off where I have been ironing my own clothes for the last 8 years and have been using a Hamilton Beach model that I always used on its highest setting for steam.  I had to really work to obtain a satisfactory result.  I saw the ROWENTA being manufactured on the television program "How Its Made" and was impressed by the steam operation.  I read the reviews on Amazon and was initially concerned with the modest negative reviews of leaking.  I decided to take a chance, since other reviews of other irons indicated leaking as well.  Well, I just finished my first use of this Iron and was very impressed.  I am currently only using the iron on about a half setting for steam and it is really blasting my clothing which is very good.  The iron surface is larger and steaming makes my work much easier and nearly effortless.  On some of my shirts and pants, the wrinkles are gone after the first pass.  Luckily for me the Iron worked perfectly and was ready to go in seconds.<br/><br/>I can say without hesitation the DW5080 cut my ironing time by at least 30%.  One of the other reviews said that there are other irons and then there is the ROWENTA.  I have to agree.  I will post comments in 3 to 6 months on the use of this great ironing tool.  I am looking forward to a long and happy relationship.
 I had a Rowenta since 1992. I replaced it with this new model. I LOVE my Rowenta Irons. Nothing like them won’t use anything else. If there is a complaint on this model it would be the location of the heat setting, it’s hard to see and often gets moved accidentally by my hands. Not a deal breaker for me.
 Water comes pouring out after using it for 20-30 minutes.  I have an old Rowenta that has the same issue, and so I decided to keep the old one after all.
 We were hoping for better material/quality product however the steel seems fading/rusting after 6 months of use. Not sure if its really german made.
 Rowenta DW5080 Focus steam iron really does the job!  This iron replaces my old Rowenta Pressure Iron and Steamer with the pressurized boiler.  I loved that iron and had it for many years until it started leaking water through the steam vents.  It would cost $215.00 to replace it so I decided to check out other Rowentas.  I discovered that not all Rowenta steam irons are made in Germany.  Customer reviews on the ones made in China are not that great.  If it's made in Germany it will say so in the description, if it doesn't it's probably made in China.  I decided on this one (made in Germany) for approximately $70.00 and I'm so glad I did.  It does just as good a job as my old Rowenta with one exception, it doesn't hold as much water.  No problem, just refill it and it's steaming again in minutes.
 Took a chance on this one. Reviews relally helped as I'd had an old rowenta that died and I really hadn't been happy with its performance so was hesitant to get another.  However, the raving reviews convinced me and I crossed my fingers that it would be one made in Germany.  Luckily, it was and has been performing superbly.  It actually gets hot enough and has enough steam to take out wrinkles in cotton which had been my major complaint.  I also love the small point; it can fit anywhere!  Although a bit heavy, it's not uncomfortable to handle.  Biggest issue is we have very hard water so I called the company and they said to use bottled SPRING  water which seems to be working fine.  Perhaps I'm overrating this iron because I was so unhappy with my last one; either way I'm happy with this iron.  I will try to remember to check back after I've had it awhile.
 Only sick people like ironing.  I have to watch TV when I do it.  But this is the Cadillac of irons.  If you want the best, this is it.  Wrinkles come out quickly (even the ones you accidentally iron in).  As much as I hate ironing, this one gets the job done more quickly and better than any I've ever used before.  I'm an old man, and I've had to iron shirts most of my adult life, so trust me, I've used more than a few irons.
 Such a huge difference - lightweight, agile and smooth - the precision tip is super helpful for corners.<br/>Makes ironing a breeze.<br/>Only wish I had replaced my cheap iron years ago.
 My wife is very satisfied and she used it right away. Happy result.
 Super light and tons of steam and misting power— bought this one to replace another Rowenta that was a few yrs old abs cracked after falling off the board into the floor. This is the only brand of iron for me. Great price and thx to Prime it arrived super fast.
 This is one of the best irons I had the pleasure to own!<br/>I read many reviews and decided on this brand and glad I did!<br/>I would have given it 5 stars but it seems to occasionally spits some water out instead of steam but I am using the automatic steam settings and I maybe not giving it much of a break to stay heated while ironing.<br/><br/>This iron produces plenty of steam!  It will handle my 100% cotton shirts with ease!  Watch the water as it will need refilled after a couple of shirts, consider my shirts are pretty large and 100% cotton and I am not the fastest iron man ;)<br/><br/>I would highly recommend this iron, the weight helps ironing go quickly, the nice pointed tip is great for areas between buttons, and other to iron areas.
 I have used a Rowenta iron for more than 20 years for quilting and everyday use. It was time for a new iron and of course, I bought a Rowenta. Arrived and never worked...checked outlet assuming operator error. Nope, just won't turn on...thank goodness for Amazon's eay return policy.
 I purchased this model a year ago and I am extremely disappointed in it. I did a lot of research showing that this was the best iron by consumer reports as well as customer reviews. This was the case for the first year. However, after a year, it started leaking all over the place. I am so disappointed!!! That is a lot of money for only a years use!!!
 I was very happy with this iron until it recently started leaking through the cord.  I called customer service and because it's out of warranty (3 years old now), they don't seem to care.  Irons seem to last 3-4 years for me typically but I thought if I spent more $$ on a Rowenta then it would be a better investment. I might as well buy the $30 irons every 3-4 years. Done with Rowentas.
 Absolutely the worst iron I have ever purchased.  Stopped working in one day. Sent it in for warranty replacement. Three weeks later no replacement. The absolute worst customer service, who blatantly lied about how they didn't have replacements due to the government shutdown, and told me one was being shipped that very day. This was seven days ago.  Will never buy any Rowenta product again.
 If you take care of it, this may be the only iron you ever need to buy.  The steam is insanely powerful on full blast.  Full range of temp and steam settings and an abundance of steam vents make any ironing job a breeze.  Care is minimal: use tap water, and let the iron cool before emptying and storing.  Once in a while do a quick "self-cleaning."  Never had a better iron.  Nothing else compares.
 This is my second on,the first one fell off the ironing board and stopped working so durability is 4 star but what else should I expect.Quality is great. Been using this model for 5 years now in home so versatility is 3 stars since this is all I use it for.Irons everything,great steam and heat.If this one goes out Ill get another just like it.
 This iron purchased in 2017, as well as an identical one purchased 12/9/14, have been disappointing or both my husband and me though there are high ratings.  We like everything about the irons except they turn off with no notification while ironing. Then we begin to notice wrinkles stay and it begins to wet what ever you are attempting to iron.  The 8 minutes in the directions haven’t passed when the iron turned off and it is in use. Now we are going to look for anothrg iron hoping for better service.
 I was replacing a 20 year old Rowenta that I got for graduation and that had been dropped one too many times.  I was freaked out about how many models there are now.  There used to be just 2 or 3.  I used customer feedback to help me select this one.  It was not as heavy as my old one, but it gets the job done.  I just hope I can get 20 years out of this one.
 I iron clothes almost daily, and this is probably the best iron I've ever owned. It gets very hot, has a very wide temperature range, the sole plate glides very well despite being stainless steel, and the precision tip makes ironing button-down shirts much easier. Just be aware that it's very heavy.
 Let me tell you a steamy story, this is really hot , and will make you never wanna go back to one of those small ones ever again. Size really does matter in this case.<br/>I am a crafter and I love this all the holes for steam assist with daily ironing, as well as when needed  for smoothing down edges while sewing
 It's a well made iron but the design lacks some thought.  You can't stand the iron up to fill with water.  Your have to use two hands to fill.  Hard to adjust the dial to correct setting.  Also, I had a Kenmore Iron and the cord was twice the length of this one.  I am practically hugging the wall to iron my clothes. Will have to get an extension cord for easier use.
 Leaking like crazy after one year!  I’ve had $20 irons that lasted much longer than this. Should have paid attention to the reviews about leaking. I will never pay this much for an iron again. And honestly after having this for a year, I don’t know why anyone would pay this much for an iron, there is nothing that special about it.
 I have gone through several irons recently - this iron is the best!
 This iron is fantastic. I was using an old $20 iron from black &amp; decker for years and it finally stopped working.  This iron gets super hot quickly, and irons shirts better than I could imagine compared to a cheap $20 iron.
 seems like decent build quality, heats up fast, works well but ergonomics are awkward, the control dial right under the handle gets shifted inadvertently all the time, and it has no provision for cord winding or storage.<br/><br/>seems like the product guys really did not work out user experience on this one.
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas.  I have a Rowenta iron that i love, but must admit - I have iron envy.  Very well made, lightweight, and works beautifully- never drips or leaks.  Only complaint is that the heat dial is easily changed when you grab the handle - keep close eye on settings to insure you dont accidentally crank up to wool when you wanted silk.
 The first iron I bought here fizzled out.<br/>The replacement was terrific!!<br/>This iron creases and makes my clothing look like it came from the dry cleaners.<br/>I am sold on this iron<br/>You will not be disappointed
 My wife loves this iron! It was a replacement for a Rowenta from Costco that lasted less than two years. This is full of features, produces an incredible amount of steam and cost a fraction of the first one. We learned that using distilled/filtered water in the iron is not good and that tap water gives the best result. It was our error that may have caused the first iron to be less than terrific. We now use only tap water.
 We have had this iron for a few months now and so far it's one of the best irons we have had.  It does not leak like my other irons have when using the steam function.  It holds a good amount of water so it does not have to be filled everyday since we iron every day.  It gets nice and hot to get the stubborn wrinkles out.  Great so far.
 I have had Rowenta Irons for 15 years and they have not disappointed me.  I have read the instructions carefully and followed them closely.  The best advice is not to leave water in the iron when finished.  I iron almost everything and wear them out from use.  Got this one today and have already used it and I can't see it disappointing me.
 This iron replaced a Sunbeam one I've had for 10 years. If I had realized how much better the Rowenta was, I would have bought it 9 years ago! Little did I know that an iron would become my new favorite toy.<br/><br/>Downside: This is minimal but my finger does brush the setting knob and turns it. Annoying but not a deal breaker.<br/><br/>Upside: It glides smoothly over my clothes and irons in 1/4 the time it took with my older iron. Plus it doesn't put that burn/sheen on my clothes as easily as my old Sunbeam. The steam feature is Very good.
 Wow - this is a great iron!  Ain't cheap but quality is outstanding.  I was sick when I dropped the first one from the top of a dresser onto a tile floor and broke it.  I tried to take it apart to see if I could fix it and was very impressed with the guts (like potted boards for the electronics, quality of wire used, etc.).<br/><br/>Fit and finish is great - and so are the unseen guts - works wonderfully!  Yeah, it's worth it.
 This iron is the royalty among irons. Great steamwork (so to speak) with multiple steam exhausts in the plate. This thing is heavy, but that's exactly what makes it effective in smoothing the most stubborn wrinkles (not to mention the strength training for one's arms...). I'm very particular about my irons, like them made in Europe (where the ironing is still a fact of regular life and flimsy ones just don't pass the test) and this one just replaced my 15+ year-old Braun.
 I decided to try it out the night it was delivered, just to test drive it.  I'd iron one thing and see how it compared to the iron I knocked over last weekend.  One thing turned into three.<br/><br/>"Honey," I said, "you have to try this iron."<br/><br/>Her: "Do I have to?"<br/><br/>"Yes..."<br/><br/>Her: "I feel like I want to find something else to iron!"<br/><br/>"Yep"<br/><br/>It is heavy, but has a lot of power and steam holes.  I was amazed how quickly and easily it annihilated wrinkles.
 I've been using a Rowenta iron for many years. I've loved each one of them for different reasons. The 1st one was amazing for the way it pressed things compared to my old irons. However, when I started having problems with arthritis I had to get a lighter weight iron. The second Rowenta I used for more than 10 years. It was great but I dropped it and it would have cost more to repair than to get a new one. This new iron beats them all. A little heavier than my last one but the design with the extra streamlined front makes getting into small places a breeze. I can iron many things in a very short time.
 Iron continues to turn off...need to sit it up to have it reset and turn back on.  Something seems to be triggering it to turn off internally even while using it.  Otherwise, this iron works ok.<br/>Talked to customer service rep who was somewhat terse when I explained that I thought that sending the iron way for 2-3 weeks was an unacceptable solution to the defective iron issue.  You may want to avoid this company and go with  more customer focused brands that don't sell defective products.
 I had a Rowena that I paid much more for. When it was dropped after 10 years of use, I knew I would purchase another.  I still had a hard time shelling out $140 for an iron (I hate to iron but my kids &amp; husband insist everything be ironed.  I found this one on amazon for just under $90 and I LOVE it.
 This is the best iron ever I have used!!!  BTW, I really love to iron.  Yes, it is heavy...but the price you pay for quality.  Uses a lot of water...It puts out great steam.  I iron my husbands professional cooking jackets (yes, because I want to).  Honestly, it has decreased ironing time by 50%.  I mix tap water and spring water and so far the steam jets are clear with no crusty residue around the steam holes.  Note:  we have a standard wall attachment iron and ironing board holder.  This iron does not fit in the space for the iron.  Still trying to figure out storage.  But I love this iron so much I don't care where we store it.  So far...worth the research to find and investment.
 I totally didn't have the "moving dial" problem as the others said. Where you hand holds the handle is far away from the dial, won't even touch it. Runs over silk smoothly, no scratch or anything. It's a bit heavy compare to the cheap plastic irons but it's very sturdy and easy to use. The pointing triangle front makes ironing shirt collars and sleeves very easy. Have been using tap water in New York City area (not the softest water) and haven't had any white residual issue when steaming.
 I’ve always bought cheap irons until I started working in corporate and started learning how real adults do things. This iron is absolutely amazing. It takes no effort to crease and knock out wrinkles and the Auto-Off is a plus. I can just hold it up to my pants and the wrinkles come out with barely any contact. I haven’t had any issues with is at all
 This is a fantastic iron (and it should be for the price!)! I bought it to replace my old college one and hoped that it would be high-quality enough to last; so far I think it will be! It's very easy to manuever around collars and buttons, worked great for iron-ons, stich-witch hems. It heats up fast &amp;  has a great variety of settings to choose from. The only thing I would change would be a retractable cord/or better way of managing it - but, for all the other features/quality, that was a small consideration &amp; I was happy to forgo that in the end to get a reliable iron for my work clothes &amp; sewing projects.
 I was initially very pleased with this product.  I use it in my sewing business, so it gets a workout every day.  After about 8 months, it started steaming poorly and then started leaking water out the bottom of the iron.  Disappointed.
 My bride just informs me she gives it "5 stars" (and she'd a tough rater!) We have had Rowentas before and she really likes them a lot!  Just be sure they are the ones made in Germany (not China) as we have a neighbor that got one of the Chinese made ones and she didn't like it at all - it didn't last very long.
 This is a major machine.  It's heavy and hard to fill with water and to empty. Plus it doesn't have a third ground wire.  It's kind of complicated figuring out how it works -- i have to check the instructions each time.  but it is a good machine.
 I read the easy to follow instructions before I used the iron for the first time.  The iron was ready to use right out of the box. The iron glides easily over fabrics.  I think I will really like using this Rowenta.
 Heats quickly and irons beautifully. However, the temperature control dial is situated so that it is constantly being accidentally moved. This is not a good feature. I'll look more carefully for my next iron.
 I have always loved this brand because they  always have well-made and sturdy  products I have re-purchase this brand of iron over and over not because my previous iron breaks down I just wanna get a new one so I give to a relative my old ones so I can buy a new one 😂
 It is much heavier than the other electric irons we have owned. If you intend to use the steam function while ironing be prepared to refill the water reservoir. It uses a lot of water and be careful handling it. Sometimes I have my hand/s several inches away from the iron and you can still feel the heat. It was a very good purchase  though. I have no complaints about  it. Usually the problem with these things is that after two years the power cord becomes defective. I will need to wait about another year to see if that is the case with this iron. As of today I think it was an excellent choice and worth the extra money.
 This iron is the best iron I have ever owned! The product is sturdy and consistent temperature across the surface. The iron delivers excellent steam. The surface of the iron gets hot fast and the steam is ready for use fast as well. I use the iron a lot for normal ironing of clothes and for sewing projects.
 I use this product to press my clothes!  I have been very pleased with the results.
 This worked really well for two years, then the reservoir rusted and ruined a brand new shirt.  I've bought irons for $15 that lasted far longer.  Disappointed.  It was good while it lasted.
 Really good iron.  I hate to iron so it's nice to have one that works well.  It's best for the iron to empty the unused water when you're done ironing, and this one empties easily.  My previous iron would not empty.  I've been using the Rowenta for several months and it works well.
 I have not had a new iron for probably 25 years, but when the grandchildren dropped it, it was time for a new one,  Everything is fine about the iron as far as ironing goes, but at 76 years old it is heavier than I expected it to be. I guess I will use it for 25 or more years, then trash it and get another new one.
 Last order was February 2018<br/>Paid over for$ 65 for an iron that lasted less than 11 months<br/>I would recommend a cheaper iron, this one is great until the heating element gives out in less than a year<br/>Disappointing
 Such an upgrade from our old iron. It was like going from a Ford to a Benz. Ironing is so quick and efficient now thanks to German engineering. The iron has a nice weight to it and is clearly excellent quality. Thanks Rowenta!
 I gave my husband this iron for Christmas. He used it once and wondered why he had to keep the iron flat because otherwise it would leak. He read the directions to see if they stated that this was what he was supposed to do but didn't find anything. The second time he looked closer because he kept on having to refill the water and it didn't work well for his long ironing marathon. He found a crack in the water reservoir that was actually leaking the water. There are no visible drop marks and the iron was new in the box so it must have happened on manufacture. Of course, it is outside Amazon's return window so it seems that we are stuck with a poorly manufactured iron that leaks. He will try writing the company directly as well. I think I have returned one item (shoes) to Amazon with all the thousands of dollars I have purchased from them because they didn't fit. BEWARE and look for cracks! This item was also available at Costco. I should have purchased it there because they would have taken it back even if it was outside the window.
 This iron has changed my sewing experience entirely. I quilt a lot and make clothes, so a good iron is a must. i've used other brands  but always had so many issues with leaks and just not enough steam. I absolutely love everything about this iron! The steam coming out is  strong, even fabrics with "baked-on" creases give out to it. Pressing is easy, the tank is big enough to hold water for  longer ironing sessions and it emits a sound when it's about to stop heaiting. I would recommend this.
 Buying an iron wasn't high on my list of exciting shopping, but when the sole plate fell off of the Rowenta I'd had for many, many years, I had to. I did my research and this model shone in ratings against both cheaper and more expensive models. I can confirm that it is a top-notch iron, It's a little heavier than my old Rowenta but does a better job. The steam is quick and plentiful, making ironing much faster. I also like the design of the tip, which makes it easy to do a good job ironing in tight places. Very pleased with this purchase and would recommend it for sure
 Replaced a very old Rowenta iron with this new one. Excellent iron, but the design takes some getting used to in that the clearance between the handle and dial is very tight and you have to be careful lest your knuckles change the setting without you knowing it. It happens A LOT. I have had to learn to hold the iron in a completely different way. Not the end of the world, but it costs two stars from me.
 Love this iron. I admit that I had misgivings about this product because of the reviews I have read and the experience of mu sewing teacher. But I decided to give this iron a try. I am glad that I did. My daughters and I have been using this product since we bought it and it have been working exceptionally well, no leaks at all, we just followed the manufacturers recommendations.  The price was also right and this was delivered on time. I am so happy that I have AMZ prime!
 I love my new Rowenta iron! The iron practically glides over the surface. 400 steam holes ensure you aren't wasting time or energy. I am even ironing my sheets now!
 I love this iron: PLENTY of steam and easy to get the perfect amount of heat. A big improvement over my last iron, which was also a Rowenta of a similar quality. That one was cranky: sometimes steam, sometimes not.
 We sill use distilled water because we have (well) hard water. Best iron i have ever used. Keeps up on demand without wait time.I iron Uniforms for work and it does it in a hurry. Thick pants to making creases on work shirts.This is the one.
 I feel like this irons cuts down my ironing time by a considerable amount of time.  Very heavy duty and great quality!
 Wonderful iron. It has a right amount of weight and gives out plenty of steam to tackle my most difficult to iron s***s. It glides very smoothly and probably takes half the time to iron that same shirt than what it used to take using a basic iron from GE.<br/><br/>Love the water tank's capacity, easy of refilling it, amount of steam it throws out and the lack of effort it takes to iron anything using this.
 Did tons of research and this iron was consistently on the top of the majority of the lists I saw. After purchasing (and returning) a cheapy Black + Decker iron that simply did not do the job, I decided to splurge on this iron -- best decision ever.<br/><br/>It's a hefty iron, heats up in 30 secs or so, not the fastest but once it gets going it's amazing. Power steam REALLY steams: strong puffs that demolish all wrinkles, even ones from accidentally ironing folds onto the fabric. My favorite part about this baby is the precision head. That spot gets HOT and allows me to truly get crazy corners never possible with other irons.<br/><br/>First Cadillac iron and probably my last. If it stands the test of time, I'm never using any other irons again!
 I bought this iron in March 2018. Exactly 4 months to the day it died!!! It no longer heats up.  I called Rowenta and they offered to ship back at no cost to me and fix it.  However, my question is: why did it break after only 4 months! I love Rowenta irons (this is my third) and even though I do more ironing than the average person this iron should have lasted more than 4 months!  I did enjoy the ease of the iron while it worked it just can't bing myself to give it more than 1 star.
 Read all the reviews before buying.  Don't notice that it is heavy---you are not pressing hard, just driving it around and boy does it get out the wrinkles!!  It really goes through the water but expected that since I wanted a lot of steam. Filling is very easy and no spilling over while doing so.  The reason I gave it a 4 is because there is no on/off switch---have to unplug to turn off---don't like that but everything else is great
 I have been disappointed with other irons, so I tried this iron as soon as it arrived. This is the best iron we have had in recent memory. It is well built, easy to use, and the instructions do not need translation, and, it does a great job on my shirts. Yes, I still like ironed clothing, or I wouldn't have an iron!!
 I needed a high-quality, high-performance iron and this is it. I have had it over a year now and it is still amazing. I would definitely buy another if I had to.<br/><br/>It sputtered a bit when I first got it (drops of water on the clothes), but I decided to wait before returning and I was glad I did as it stopped completely.<br/><br/>Great steam, both when ironing and even upright for steaming clothes or a suit as I do.<br/><br/>Super polished bottom plate, glides along very well.<br/><br/>Has every feature you would want in an iron.
 Lasted a little over a year. Now it leaks, and barely gets hot on the maximum setting. I have tried the "cleaning" feature repeatedly but it made no difference.
 After doing some research, this iron (Rowenta DW5080 Focus 1700-Watt Micro Steam Iron) satisfied all of the features I was looking for in a well-made iron: Large glossy press plate to cover more area and glide smoothly, plenty of steam holes in the plate, narrow tip for getting around small spaces, large water chamber, it heats up FAST and keeps an even temperature, heavy enough--but not too heavy--to feel substantial and help press. Rowenta has a good reputation and now I see why.
 I have gone through a few of these in my life time and trust me after a few uses they all tend to get the same. This model of Rowenta  was not as popular but i took a chance as it was suiting my current needs and fit my budget. it has not disappointed as yet.. however the steam runs out faster than other model, you would think the fabric shall come out damp, but that does not happen either. so i guess the water compartment is smaller. Other that that annoying refills in the middle of ironing all looks good for now
 Works excellent get hot very fast and will keep the temperature you set it for . I don’t have to use starch to keep a seem in my shirt all day same as pants every kid moving out needs one
 I have had several Rowenta irons over the years. I have always like them. However  This is the second one that I have purchased in the last two years. The first one leaked and so does this one. It is so aggravating. I will not purchase another Rowenta iron. This has been very discouraging.
 I’ve used Rowenta irons for many years but I’ve had constant problems with this model leaking water onto my clothes, especially when the water level gets low. It leaks around the handle where the burst of steam button is located quite a bit, causing my hand to even get wet. This iron puts out tons of steam and does a great job....when it’s not leaking.
 This iron actually got some of the starch coated on it while hot and then stained the fabric, other than that is just fine.
 I LOVE my new iron.  Yes, it costs more than others, but it is so very much worth it.  I enjoy ironing and do it regularly.  A good iron is important to me and this one fits the bill in every way.  Understand- it uses more water during the ironing process due to the significant number of steam holes, but that's what you need to make ironing effective.  Just have your refill bottle close at hand...I won't take even one star away from this review because of the short cord;  I just added an extension and kept on going.  Great Rowenta iron.  I'm thrilled to have it.
 I replaced the DW 8080 Pro Master with this iron when the 8080 quit working after 1-1/2 years of almost daily, hard use. I dropped it and caught it by its cord a few times, too. Obviously, "abuse" hastened its demise. Eventually, the iron refused to turn on after being on "auto off." Love this new iron and hope it lasts a very long time. I've even thought about buying a second one as a back up.
 I always say buying a great tool helps you to be more able. This iron is a great example of that thought. I consider myself to be pretty good at ironing but had been using an inexpensive iron. The Rowenta DW5080 is like a Ferrari! It presses, steams and creases like nobody's business and glides across the fabric so smoothly the process is almost effortless! Do yourself a favor and treat yourself to a great tool!
 So far, so awesome. Based on the reviews below, I'll be keeping my eye on it to see how it behaves over time.<br/><br/>I will say that most of the issues described here by users are addressed in the user manual and have trouble shooting instructions there, so if you run into problems (say, with dripping water) check your manual before you start to worry.
 I love Rowenta irons, but this one has let me down. It worked wonderfully for 16 months, and then developed problems. It works sometimes and doesn't work sometimes - the light will come on but no heat is produced. Very disappointing for the price point.
 We purchased DW5080 in Dec. 2017 based on high reviews, but it completely failed in March 2018 (3 months later).  It won't heat at all.  We contacted Rowenta customer service who said they will email us a prepaid shipping label "within 24-48 hours" and that we should "allow 2-3 weeks for evaluation and processing" after we ship it off!  When we asked for a refund so we could buy a new iron because it is not feasible to be without an iron for 2-3 weeks, they apologized but said there was nothing else they could do.<br/><br/>Again, buy at your own risk.  We now must buy another iron while we wait for this one to be sent back to us.
 This is my second purchase of the same iron.  Both only lasted about a year.  It was great until then.  This consumer is moving on to another brand.  Not worth the money for something that doesn't last.
 I have never written a review before but this iron deserves a quality review! First of all it is well made and as promised it does everything they say it can. My first time using this iron was to iron out our drapes. I used it on full steam mode and it worked like a charm. The weight of the iron is perfect, the handle makes it easy to use and filling the water is a breeze compared to every other iron I have ever used. Look no further, this is the one and only iron for you!
 I'm only giving it 4 stars because it didn't come with anything to fill the water tank as it shows in the instructions. If you are going to demonstrate how to fill up the iron with a water container in the instructions, you should include it. Otherwise Iron is really great, I really like the auto steam and the vertical steam will be awesome for when I need to iron my suits.<br/><br/>I would recommend this iron, it does a great job!
 came broken. cant use it and was told it cant be returned because it was refurbished. NOT HAPPY!!!! no damage to the box it was delivered in or in which it was taped in.
 I like the degree of heat and the number of steam holes in this iron.  I bought the same model 3 years ago and the heating mechanism suddently died.  I purchased the same model again and I am hoping that the bad heater was a fluke. Unfortunately like my previous iron, it does spit a lot of water when you are using steam.  I like this model because it emits ample steam and the controls are easy to read.  It should considering the high price. If this second iron gives out after 3 years I will never purchase Rowenta again.
 We've had the iron a short time, but works very well.  Good steam, glides well, but because of all the steam vents you need to refill more often than usual.  Found myself going from one piece to another very quickly.  Good choice.<br/><br/>Kat
 Ended up upgrading to the steam station. But if you want a normal steam iron, this would be my #1 choice.
 So far, so good.  I bought this iron to replace a Rowenta that I had had for ten years!  Hope that it lasts as long!
 Spray function doesn't work at all. Separate switch for self-cleaning is in bad location and gets in the way. As another review noted text on temperature control dial is barely readable - white semi-transparent letters on light background
 Really great quality. Irons like a pro. Does as good job as dry cleaning. Does not burn or get over heated.
 **DONT BUY** First leaked water then The product broke at exactly one year after delivery,  the product all of a sudden smelled like burnt electrical wire then tripped the circuit breaker
 Who knew an iron could make me so happy?  This has been great to use on all my special occasion sewing projects.
 If you do a lot of pressing ( housekeeper, event decorator ( drapes, linens, etc), don't waste your money. This item only last about a year. For one year it will be a miracle iron!! After that it calcifies, leaks from the bottom, producing rust deposits on the item your pressing, etc. Too much money for this product that does not last.
 So far so good with this iron. It is a little heavy, but I think that helps with the pressing. All the vents are a great help in pressing clothing as well as my quilt blocks. I got through about an iron a year, but I hope this one lasts longer. The price on Amazon was good, too.
 Without extreme precautions, this iron burns my clothes.  I am a professional woman with a wide variety of materials in my closet that I iron before work almost every day.  I've been a Rowenta user for years and loved my last model.  After ruining dress after dress (anything other than cotton) with this "upgrade," I became paranoid and started checking labels, using the iron on its lowest setting at all times, first pressing the iron on the ironing pad to eliminate any excess heat, and using a press cloth.  Every so often, I just go for it and try to iron something on the fly and that dress has to go in the trash (even pretty hardy fabrics!). It is so frustrating that I'm finally going to give up on this model and go on to something new.<br/><br/>I'm giving the iron 2 stars because it does, in fact, work (heat up, only drips on occasion), but it is completely wrong for anyone ironing any material other than cotton.
 Great Iron for the price. I love the extra weight. Have only had it for two week so cannot comment on the leaking problems that others suffer. Refilling on the water can be a bit exhaustive since it uses so much for the steam, but the steam is crucial for a crisp press.
 Bought this to replace an older Rowenta iron and this one works so much better. Agree with a previous reviewer that it’s hard to see the water level but that is my only complaint. Really irons nicely and smoothly.
 I am making a quilt and this iron is great for pressing seams. Whether my pattern requires seams to be open or pressed to one side, the steam take care of it in a jiffy. It's a great iron.
 Love it.  Previously had a Tfal that burned my clothes.  This doesn't burn and it heats up fast.  Automatic shut off is great, too.  I have had it for only one week so I will update this review after I've used it for  a bit.
 I sew.I did a little perusing online reviews.It was an expensive iron,but works very well.I may have to get used to how heavy it is.my other iron did not have the auto off button and I would accidentally leave it on......for days.yikes!!!This works well ,but I noticed the water reserve needs to be fill quite regularly.I had a black and Decker and it seemed like I never filled it up.this one as I pressed one bag I was making it was almost out of water..I use this in my sewing room.
 Handles great. Steamer works awesome. If you had an old iron, like me, this one may seem large and heavy on the beginning. Slides great, fits in small corners of clothes. Automatic off is a great feature. Only irritating thing for me is that I have to refill the tank at least once when I iron... granted i usually go through a load or two at a time. Works great. I am very happy with it.
 It’s made in Germany not China so the quality is great. The Rowenta in China are cheap and light and the quality is terrible. I made sure I bought the iron made in Germany. That’s all I’m saying.
 I used to think I sucked at ironing. I always had creases, etc. This iron makes me feel like Wonder Woman. The press of the steam blasts wrinkles out, and I am done in no time! This makes ironing NOT a chore.
 A very, very good iron;  I've always ironed my own shirts.  With a 25+ year working career (so far) behind me, this equates to many many shirts! I only wear 100% cotton shirts and this had been by far the best iron I've used; effortless; good weight and easy to use.
 Was very good at the beginning, but now leaking water quite a but. Can't recommend for this reason.
 I haven't purchased a new iron in over a decade and wow, this is a wonderful iron!  I was used to ironing and ironing the same area, even after spraying it but I just assumed that's what was required then I decided to purchase a new iron just in case it was my iron.  This is so impressive!  It's fast, it steams perfectly, it irons the first time, gets out very 'permanent' wrinkles and it's just what I needed. Well worth the money spent!
 Bottom line:  It's a little heavy but the darn things works great.  I've owned several irons and by far, this does the best job on shirts (100% cotton).
 A sleek streamlined iron that is easy to hold as it's pretty light.  The heat is great and irons beautifully.
 I've had this iron for years, and finally decided to write a review on it because I've had enough!  As other customers have experienced, this thing leaks like crazy.  Sure, its amazing when it works correctly - but that is almost never.  I'll never use another Rowenta product.
 My husband LOVES it!!! He wears dress shirts to work every day and he has a tendency do iron in the morning before he goes to work. In the past, with whatever iron we had, it would take him twice as long with not nearly as good of a result as it does with Rowena. He said this is the best gift I have given him in a long time.... “Happy husband, happy life”!!! Hahaha
 Just got it out of the box and notice that there is a loose piece ( sounds like a screw), inside the iron. I’m afraid that it may cause a short circuit if I plug it in. It has more than 30 days that I purchased and I bought it to Brazil. Money lost!
 After using basic irons forever, it was time for an upgrade. Wow what a great iron. It was well worth the extra money to get this!!!  Even my husband likes using it😊
 With 12 years of military experience, I know a thing or two about ironing (primarily dress shirts).  This manufacturer is top of the line!  Excellent iron, great price!
 The best iron I have ever used. When the time come I will buy another and would recommend this one. Heat fast and is very smooth.
 Everyone in my family said, "You need to try a Rowenta next time you buy an iron".  Well, either I didn't buy the one they have or I got a lemon.  This iron spits water with every use.  I've called the manufacturer and they told me to use different water cause my water is too hard.  So I did...I tried distilled water...I tried filtered water...I tried boiled water...but all have the same results.  I clean the iron once a week to keep it to a minimal amount of spitting but not totally spit free.  It has done this since day one and the manufacturer blames it on the water.<br/><br/>Now...6 months after I've bought it there is a short where the cord goes into the iron. I've called once to try and get it replaced but I don't have what they need.  So...I'll call again...maybe.<br/><br/>Bottom line...I'm done with this iron.  I'll go back to my Black and Deckers that are 1/2 the cost and doesn't spit and short out until about 2-3 years after ironing daily.
 I have had this product for a little over a month and so far so good. We had an older version of Rowenta that broke after 10 years which is pretty good. Make sure to read the booklet for tips on how to prolong your iron and sign up for the warranty!!
 I unfortunately returned this iron for a little cheaper model. The water chamber on the one I got is very dark and I can’t see how much water is going in.
 Friends of mine on social media were discussing the best irons and it came down to the Rowenta being their favorite best. I told my daughter about it since she needed one, and when I visited her I used it and was so impressed! I did about 30 minutes of ironing in 10 minutes! It actually heats to the desired temperature, and with all the tiny and well -distributed steam holes, works like "magic.' I thought it would be heavy and awkward due to its larger size, but I had no problem with that. I ordered one as soon as I got home. Although it costs more than twice as much as I usually pay, it is SO worth it! My only problem was that I had to get a different storage container for it and my ironing board, which I have to store on a closet door due to lack of shelf space. I got a basket type that holds the iron as well as starch and other things, so that actually cleared up a little more shelf space. I've had the iron for a month or so and am very pleased with it.
 Great iron. This is a reliable brand, wears well, easy to maintain, and doesn’t ruin fine clothes with unexpected sputtering that can cause stains.
 I love this iron. Great iron. Smith surface. Doesn’t produce that white stuff that other irons produce after a few use. Good experience with this iron. Worth the money.
 Excellent mid-priced iron, well-balanced and easy to use, easy to clean, with strong steaming and reliable auto stop and restart.  I am a home sewer, tailoring natural fabrics -silk, cotton, wool - and it's been equal to the job.
 This is the nicest iron I have ever had! After 20 years of buying junky ones we finally purchased this one.  You can feel the difference. It actually irons better than any iron I have ever had.  It is heavy and smooth.  The quality is great and though it costs more I have the feeling I will not need to be replacing this one for many, many, years to come.  Very happy with this purchase.  So glad others reviewed it before I purchased!
 Best product we've purchased on here next to the Waterpik. I dress up for work, daily, and prefer to Dry Clean my slacks, but Wash/Iron my own Shirts. This iron has made it a very fun and enjoyable experience. The following are the qualities I enjoy most about the iron:<br/><br/>Weight - Great weight to help with crisp creases<br/>No Spill Water Reservoir<br/>Steam - The steam deserves 5-stars by itself. No steam is wasted. It goes all into the shirt.<br/><br/>If you iron as much as I do, purchase this iron. It will make your life more enjoyable.
 A bit heavy, but ready for work. Puts out lots of steam on highest setting. I have one of those old, heavy, linen OD Green army shirts, like from Vietnam Nam era. It irons that material like a champ!!!!! No need for an extra squirt bottle.
 The old saying you get what you paid for, this iron is far better than the Sunbeam we used. This makes steam very fast and lots of it, The front tip is great to get into the collar and around the buttons. This iron is built in Germany not China.<br/>UPDATE 3 years to the date later it failed, it will not heat up the water to make steam and we smelled something burning and unplugged it. It was great for the 3 years and always flushed it out but it gave out on us. Expensive for only 3 years service may buy a cheaper one this time.
 Pricey iron, but I got tired of all the other ones spitting all over my clothes.  We will see how long this one lasts.  It irons real well, as it has a lot of steam holes in the plate.. a lot of other irons just have a few holes and indentations where holes should be.  Take a look when you are comparing irons and you will see what I mean.  This is a top quality iron.
 I have been using the Rowenta Iron quit a bit the last few days and I am impressed with its pressing &amp; steam capibiities!  It also holds a nice amount of water. I like the handle and ease of pressing. Doesn’t leak to much water out of sole plate. To large to use for travel!<br/>As far as safety, it’s iron pay attention!
 This is my second Focus. Loved it so much, that when it was finally beyond repair, searched for the same model!
 Bought it in January,  now April and the cord shorts out and the iron shuts off after only a minute. Poor quality for an expensive brand. I could have bought 2 or 3 irons for the price of this one that would have lasted me for years.
 Overall, it’s a great iron, but it’s kinda heavy. It’s not as good as I expected, but I love the steel faceplate. It does what it needs to do.  Honestly, you can find a cheaper iron at Walmart that can do the same job.
 This iron intermittently  “leaks” water when you are trying to iron with steam.  When it does, it releases so much water that you must then put the clothes in the dryer in order to be able to wear them.  This was a complete waste of $75.  There has to be a better option out there.
 LOVE this iron, and I hate ironing.<br/><br/>It's much larger compared to our old one, but at the same time, it works MUCH better. More holes for steam, better coverage and is stainless instead of "something that will eventually rust".
 Great product.  The elongated point really gets into tight areas.  The weight is much better than my old Rowenta  that lasted ten years. I was very satisfied with the old one, was heavy but easy to maneuver.  This Focus model is easy to use, has great steaming abilities, took a bit getting used to the stealthy streamline shape. Dry pressing is a breeze also.  I would recommend this product big time.
 I never understood why some irons are cheap and some are expensive. I still don't quite get it. I can tell you the extra steam holes, the higher power and the way the water fill works on this make it the easiest, most pleasant ironing experience I've had in a long, long time. I do a lot of quilting and embroidery, but also work a day job where I need to dress nice, so I iron at least a shirt and pants daily. This is a workhorse and highly recommended.
 I like it so far. I hate to iron, but this has more steam and it makes ironing easier. Lightweight.
 This iron is fantastic. I was worried, given my experience with previous irons, that the water reservoir would leak. I've traveled with this iron several times (in my car) and it's turned upside down with water inside, and I've had no leaks! Also, the water NEVER leaks onto clothing when ironing, which was also a complaint of mine with other irons.<br/><br/>The iron is quick to heat up and I'm very impressed!
 I've always been a fan of Rowenta irons and this model really delivers! I love the auto-steam features, heats up quickly, and is easy to clean. Irons are an important purchase for us in order to properly care for my husband's uniforms and this iron helps get the job done!
 So far it's great. The box came all damaged and missing the little plastic cup but I'm ok with that.<br/><br/>Very high quality and high performance.
 After 8 months stopped working. I bought this after my Black and Decker wore out after 6 years of lots of use - I iron weekly,even sheets.  The reviews for the Rowenta were great.  Had similar problem with the previous 2 Rowenta irons I had owned.  Last one I will ever purchase!
 I use this for men’s dress shirts, killer unit best I have owned in 15 years, lots of power gets the creases out has plenty of steam
 This is just an awkward iron for me.  Not enough to return but I wouldn't purchase this type of design again.  It also said it won't leak water and after 3 uses.......yep, it leaked water!
 This is by far the best iron I have ever owned.  Fast heat up, fast cool down.  I really like it.
 After less than a year, it starting leaking out the bottom. We sent it to the repair facility under warranty. The repair lasted less than a year and is now leaking out the bottom again. It is going in the trash and we will buy American this time.
 I have enjoyed Rowenta irons for the past twenty years.  They last at least five to seven years.  I'm old fashioned and press most things including pillow slips.  So I use the product routinely!
 After my 10 year old Rowenta died, there was no doubt in mind that Rowenta would be the replacement brand as well.  These irons are built to last and with 1700 watts and 400 jet stream hole it cuts ironing down by half.
 Great Iron.  I love it.  No leaks no issues.  Produces a lot of steam.<br/><br/>Follow up.  Iron didn't even make it two years.  Ironing my clothes the other day and it just died.  I used the iron for about 5 minutes about 4 times a week at the most, only ironing for one person not an entire family or anything like that.  Always unplugged it after use, didn't let it sit there for 8 minutes and let it turn itself off.  So kind of a bummer.  Spend 90.00 on an iron and get less than two years use out of it.
 Fires off Steam like nobody's business, with those 400 holes - however, I didn't like it and returned it because after a couple of steam shots it takes forever to recover for the next shot of steam. That may be okay if one is sewing or quilting or doing an activity that doesn't need to be done quickly, but I'm ironing shirts racing out first thing in the morning, so I need this baby to steam quickly and consistently. I ended up going back to the Panasonic NI-78SR. It does blast nearly as much steam, but it keeps putting out those blasts for longer than the Rowenta, plus it lasted over 5 years.
 Absolutely LOVE this iron!!<br/>It’s a top of the line, high-end iron so didn’t  mind paying a bit extra. My sister has had hers for years, and would never buy a different brand. We feel the exact same way now that we’ve used ours! It gets your clothing perfectly pressed, doesn’t burn, calcify or drip water onto clothes!<br/>Love love love it! I would definitely buy the cover that they recommend for the ironing board to protect your clothing even further. You get a better press than if you took it to a dry cleaners.
 This iron had really good feedback so I thought we would give it a try after our shark iron crapped out. It heats up fast and steams really well. Seems to be a quality iron. The only negative is my wait says it's a little on the heavy side. I would recommend this iron to anyone wanting something quality.
 Have been using it a couple months now, very happy with my purchase.  Didn't think I'd care about the precision tip, but I love how it gets around buttons on shirts and in creases with ease.  I do my husband's dress shirts and I feel like they're done in half the time as before. I'm so glad I finally spent the extra money, this iron is well worth it.  The only down side is the cord isn't self retracting, but I can live with that.
 I really like this iron!<br/>Great steam. No leaks. Designed tip to get into small spaces.<br/>I haven't had any issues so far since making the purchase in early June of this year. After reading all of the mixed reviews I was a little hesitant to make  the purchase, but my last iron was also a Rowenta and without reading any reviews, I bought it and it worked great for approximately 6 - 7 years. So, I'm hoping to have longevity with my Rowenta Focus Iron as well.
 I have had two Rowenta irons. When they worked, they were great. However, over time the cords on both irons began to lose their connection. The irons just shut down (of course, with no electricity going through) in the middle of the job. I would have to wiggle and jiggle the cord to try to keep the connection long enough to finish the piece. For this price, and with this performance, I would think Rowenta could fix this cord problem. I won’t buy another one because I’ve had exactly the same problem twice.
 This really seems like a great iron.  Most of the irons I have had in the past were cheap ones.  This one does a great job.  It greatly reduces the time I spend ironing.  I haven't had a bit of a problem.  This iron has a big reservoir so you can iron a long time between fillings.  I like the pointed nose which helps a lot.  It does not seem to leak a drop.<br/><br/>I really have no complaints.  It does have more features than irons I have used in the past so it takes a little time to figure out what the various features do.  The owners manual is mostly pictures and a few more words would make it easier to understand but that wasn't a big deal.  It is a great iron.
 I iron often and this iron does a great job. I do like Rowenta.  My old one worked very well until the dog chewed the cord off!
 I bought this one after a T-fal started leaking within a year. I thought I'd give Rowenta another chance, one had died on me in the past already. I loved it but after 16 months of mildly use (family of 2, half the laundry goes into the dryer once it's dry), it started pouring water from the bottom of the sole. So frustrating!
 I never knew how awful my old Black and Decker iron truly was until I bought this awesome, fantastic, wonderful, super-ific iron!  This things works like a dream, I cannot believe how easily wrinkles come right out because the steam is so intense.  I mean, the steam on this thing is UNBELIEVABLE.  My friend calls the iron my dragon, because it sounds like it is breathing fire and the steam pours out of it when you lift it off the board.  So, one word of caution, stay clear of the path of steam because it is HOT, and there is a lot of it when you lift the iron from the fabric.  If you are ironing in an enclosed area it can get to be a sauna with all the steam.  The narrow, pointy nose of this iron is phenomenal at getting into small places and ironing pleats, and works especially well on small items like baby clothes, and for ironing seams down before or after sewing them.  It heats up incredibly fast, has a light showing it is heated, and the auto-off feature works great and the light blinks rapidly to indicate the iron has turned itself off.  It will start reheating when you go to use it again, and like I said, it heats up very quickly.  The sole plate is smooth and has so many steam holes.  I ironed heavy curtains and in ONE pass the wrinkles were out.  My old iron took multiple passes and the curtains STILL had wrinkles!  The only downsides to this iron are that it is HEAVY, but hey, with better quality comes weight.  Second, the cord could swivel more easily, it sometimes gets in the way when I iron, but it isn't a big enough deal for me to not love this.  I have had no leaks at all, it is easy to fill, easy to see how full the water level is, and you can choose to not use steam, too, but I always do because I don't iron any delicate fabrics.  An iron like this is a must if you like to sew and if you do a lot of personal ironing, especially where there is detail work involved.
 If you have always used the average U.S. iron, then you are going to be amazed! The absolute BEST steam iron for the money, PERIOD. Do not hesitate, do not bother comparing this Rowenta DW5080 with most any other iron, just but it. Your old iron will feel like a worn-out pickup truck, as compared to the Rowena feeling like a brand-new Porsche 911... yes, it is that good.
 Easy to use, its more efficient then my last one. Controls are easy to see and use
 Works very well. Quality product. Long cord. Only minor complaint is it is difficult to see the water level.Would buy again.
 Love everything about a rowenta, this is my 3rd one. I iron everything, so in 30 some odd years I've worn out 2. Great irons.
 I use this primarily in sewing projects, and I have really loved using it so far! My previous iron was a Shark that we got as a wedding gift, and it was ok, but I always felt like I was fighting it and having to push way too hard to get a good press. When I got this one, I was a bit worried, because it is definitely heavier than my old iron; however, after using it, I think that the extra weight is a bonus that helps gravity do some of the work. I spend less time at the ironing board now, and my seams have a better press on them. Would definitely recommend this iron for anyone doing quilting or other sewing.
 I bought this iron to replace a 20 year old Rowenta that was spitting and leaking. This new one is great. The new  iron is working well and is very good quality.  My only complaint is that the lettering on the dial is hard to read (I do have low vision). However, I love that it is made in Germany and not China.
 We initially loved our Rowenta 1700-Watt Micro Steam Iron, but a little over two years later, it is leaving grease spots on our clothing. We purchased the more expensive model so thinking we would have it for years, but we are super disappointed that the performance is greatly reduced so quickly.
 Few of us iron as much as our mothers and grandmothers! But some items definitely need a little touch-up. And those that do need a little tweak are often the delicate, or "fussy" fabrics. I also use this iron for light blocking of my hand-knitted and crocheted items. A good steam function and reliable temperature control are a must! For me, this iron was worth the extra money.
 This irin is awesome. It has a nice shape to it. Love the point at the tip to get inbetween buttons. Nice steam flow and heavy yet glides so easy. This is a nicely made iron that I hope will last a while!
 I love this iron.  My second one.  Heats up quickly.  Easy glide.  Perfect
 My wife and I like this iron , This iron works very well and the steam that it produces with all the little holes is great ….Its a Great product
 Although a little heavy, the Rowenta DW5080 Auto Focus Shut Off 400-Hole Iron is a good iron.  I purchased this iron because of the good reviews.  I haven't had the iron too long, so my only concern is if those 400 little holes are soon going to be clogged with calcium, since tap water is recommended.  We shall see.
 The auto off feature is really an auto standby. The iron continues to flash until you unplug it. Other irons I have owned flash for a minute or so then shut off completely. Does not make continuous steam regardless of setting, you have to hit the steam button when you want steam. The steam control knob adjust how much steam you get when you hit the button not continuous amount.
 I've tried for six months now to like this, but I keep finding myself going to my cheap Black &amp; Decker iron for the simple fact that in my opinion, the stainless steel soleplate is SO smooth that it doesn't create enough "drag" on the surface of my shirts to iron out those small, stubborn wrinkles effectively.  My Black &amp; Decker has a black, slightly "gritty" surface that manages to glide and yet catch the fabric of my shirts allowing me to catch pretty much every wrinkle after a few passes, while again the soleplate on this iron doesn't do that, so that I find myself drenching my shirt with spray and then pressing down as hard as I can which I obviously shouldn't have to do.  As to the temperature, the spray feature, and the steam output everything is solid and what I would expect from Rowenta - the only problem unfortunately is the most important piece of the iron being the plate itself.<br/><br/>I researched this purchase for a long time and would encourage other would-be purchases to try something else.
 When our Maytag M1200 stopped working at two years old, I was determined to not reward them with another purchase.  I selected the Rowenta model DW5080 and I have found it to be superior to the Maytag in every way.  Look no further, this is the one you want.
 I bought this for my son who absolutely loves it.  Heats up quickly and doesn't leave a large spot of water here and there like many other irons do (in my experience).  It's light and easy.
 The weight is amazing for pressing. The build quality is top notch. It works like a dream and is well worth the money and then some.
 This is truely one of the best irons ever. But before you purchase it make sure that it actually works in your country. I am so disappointed in Amazon. Could they Just not have advised users as to which countries is does work. Very frustrating, Still fighting with amazon for refund of costs. will never purchase from amazon again. I have wasted 4 months and spent R4500 and am still without an iron and no one will help me.
 I have had this iron for maybe 6 months and I am not impressed. The self clean claim is a joke! It has major calcium build up and Rowenta claims that it won’t. The steam power is a joke. The steam button hardly works anymore. The iron has never been dropped or abused in any way.
 Love the steam and spray features of this iron. The water reservoir is easy to fill and empty and it uses tap water! Be sure to read first time use directions, they are helpful. I'm hoping to get many years of use from this steam iron.  It can also be used vertically on wrinkled items, which is a handy feature.
 This is a great iron..... for about 1.5 years. This is the 2nd one that I bought and the 2nd one that started leaking EVERYWHERE! It worked wonderfully, like I said, for about 1.5 years- then it started leaking if you left any water in the tank whatsoever. After it was unplugged and sitting on my shelf. I walked into my laundry room an hour or so later and there was a huge puddle of water all over my hardwood floors! Bought a 2nd one, thinking that I got a faulty one, and the 2nd one lasted just over a year. Ended up doing the exact same thing.  I kept emptying the water after each use, but that only lasted about 2-3 weeks before it just died completely.
 We have gone through many irons due to leaks or not getting hot after a short time.  This iron has all the features that I love. The tip of the iron is shaped to get into pleats or any other tight area.  The cord is long, the surface is smooth for easy cleaning, and heat is fantastic.  This is the best iron that I have owned and I have done a lot of ironing for many years.  I would recommend this iron, even though it is a bit pricey, to anyone who irons.  I just trhew away two Shark irons.  I have used this for a couple of weeks now and am very satisfied.
 Same story as others posted. This is my second Rowenta DW5080. First lasted about a year and a half; this one started leaking after a year. I iron every day, so it gets lots of use – but for the money (paid $99 + tax last year), I'm disappointed. Now that the price dropped, I'll pick up another – plus the 2-year protection plan. They don't make them like they used to...
 My wife loves the iron, and the only reason I did not give it a 5 star is that under the reviews, there were several noted problems with this iron so the jury is still out on the long term longevity of this product.  Other than that, it is a super iron.  I hope it will last a long time.
 Drives like a german tank across fabrics. Smooth, steady, and a perfect way to iron clothes. About the best designed iron we have come across. Expensive, but suspect it will last a 1000 years, give or take.  Worth the investment.
 It leaks out of the bottom. Not happy with this iron  and I thought Rowenta made the best irons.
 I really like Rowenta irons, and this one did not disappoint me. Great finish in your clothes. Hope it lasts.
 Great iron, works as I expected, heat controlled great, bought for my iron for sewing materials, works great
 Wow!  The steam on this is amazing!  When you turn it on, it is there with a vengeance.  When you turn it off, it is completely off.  I also love that the water reservoir​ holds a lot.  My husband uses it more than I do and even he was impressed.  Who knew an iron could work so well.
 I love this iron. .  . .it can take every wrinkle out even on a hanger due to the powerful steam. I love how you only have to go over an area once for it to leave a crease in pants. My first iron arrived and it was defective.  . .Amazon was so kind as to email a return label and sent me another one the same week. I am so happy with this product and would highly recommend it!
 Intelligent sole design gets into the tight spots and the amount of steam is outrageous!  Even my wrinkly linens look great.  So-far-so-good.  Loving it still.
 Holy cow...why have I been buying other irons...this thing is awesome!
 This iron works well so far. It's a replacement for an older Rowenta that started leaking water. It has good steam and temperature settings. Irons well. Not too heavy. Easy to see the water level when you need to refill.
 Love Rowenta...in spite of its leaky history! I have had four Rowenta's previously, three of which leaked.  I had not emptied them after each use, so  I hope that this step will prevent this one from leaking.
 Less than a year of use - very light use - and the water literally pours out of the bottom of this iron. High temp, low temp, it doesn't matter. Very disappointed. I can't use it as a steam iron, which renders the 400-holes pretty useless.
 Great iron only drawback is I wished the cord would retract or have a roll up/tie up mechanism when you are ready to put away
 great weight on this iron.....makes ironing a breeze.
 The iron is lovely! The plate is so shiny and smooth and glides easily. I do have to say though that those 400 tiny holes lend themselves to going through an awful lot of water, very quickly. I am in an area with very hard water so it is necessary to use half distilled water. You can't use water that has been softened. Frankly however I wish I had bought this years ago instead of going through so many less expensive brands.
 I only used if a few times but I am impressed.<br/>Easy and fast ironing even on  linen fabric.  clothes look so smooth.<br/>Great steam.<br/>I will buy one for my mom :)
 I might go back to my old Rowenta. One of the reviews for this one said there was a on/off switch and my old Rowenta doesn't have it. this would be convenient, instead of the auto-shutoff with the continuous blinking light- because It would be easier to leave it plugged in due to the location of the outlet in my walk-in closet. The steam is loud as if it was going to spurt but no issues with water running all over like other reviewers have mentioned.
 Love Rowena.  Best iron ever. Only kind I use
 As far as good !<br/>I love this iron, the clothes are perfectly ironed thank to un excellent steaming !<br/>It's pricey, but because is made in Germany, it should work for many years. Those from China don't have the same quality, so I prefer to pay more and have a better product.
 OMG!!!  What is not to love about this product except who loves ironing.  This product will make it a lot easier for you to get the boring chore done.  I love this iron and will never buy another brand again.  I have wasted way too much money on other brands.
 I have had several Rowenta irons and these irons just feel professional.  They have a great weight to them but some might find it too heavy.  The steam functions are highly effective at removing even the most stubborn wrinkles.  I appreciate that the water refill mechanism can take in a bunch of water without the choking effect many irons produce.  With proper care this iron should last for quite some time.  Highly recommended.
 Really love the quick job this makes of ironing however I find it a bit heavy.  Great blast of steam and get into tight spots like a champ. Glad I bought it.
 I have had this product for less than 1 year and it leaks now.
 Seriously good iron enjoyable to use. Good construction. Not a travel iron - best for home use. Hefty
 This is the best iron I’ve found.  The steam setting out does any “steamers” I’ve found under $150.
 You would think a $75 iron would design / consider a detail as simple as being able to neatly wrap the cord up.  But nope.  There is no plan or design for anyway to wrap the cord around the iron for storage, or have it be retractable, or anything.  Baffling how they would not include a feature to do this.  Highly annoying.  Ruins an otherwise fine iron.
 This is the BEST iron that I have ever had.  Everyone who has borrowed it, wants it!  The excess steam holes allows for an abundance of steam to penetrate the fabric and quickly removing the wrinkles.  Effortless ironing.  Not usually words used together while doing a chore...lol
 Should have bought this long time ago
 This stopped working after one month.  It was never dropped or handled improperly.  When plugged in the unit will not power on.  I have tried this in various outlets.
 I have used it for two years and it’s still in good condition.  The only reason that I give four star, because they don’t have water refills cup for it, so everytime I refill water will be messy.
 I like how light the iron is; my previous Rowenta iron was heavier.  This iron really takes the wrinkles out quickly which makes ironing much easier.  The one thing I don’t like is the auto shut off feature. When it shuts off, the light keeps constantly blinking.  I want an auto shut off iron to shut off completely with no lights on.  Also, the manual is terrible.  It is all pictures with no explanation/directions.  Thus, my four star rating.
 What has happened with Rowenta Irons...they spit rusted water after a few months of use. And yes, I empty the water after each use. I used to think Rowenta was the best....will never buy again,
 I'm taking a break from ironing to write a review about how fabulous it is.  It has cut my ironing time (at least 10 men's dress shirts at a time) in half and the shirts look like I just picked them up from a laundromat.  Very happy with this purchase!
 Replaced an older Rowena that took bottled water (distilled) before they changed steam chamber/ self clean feature. Weight feels good, looking forward to auto shut off feature.Fast ship and packaged well.
 Really nice iron. It irons and steams evenly and with consistency. My only complaint with this iron so far is that there isn’t really a good way to roll the cord on the iron for storage.
 This is THE BEST iron I have ever owned.  I'm 68yo, and have had a lot of failure irons.  If you need lots of steam this is the one for you!  It heats up fast, and produces copious steam...so watch you don't get in the way of the shot!  My only comment on the negative side is that the water chamber is small...but I don't mind refilling it.  I hope this one lasts a long time.
 Awesome iron! I thought the price was a bit high but after having it for several months I see the difference from the cheaper irons. The iron does have quite a bit of weight to it but that makes for better ironing with less effort from you to get your clothes wrinkle free. The top of the iron is perfect for those hard to reach places. I would recommend this product.
 Don't buy this product. It leaks like a sieve!<br/><br/>As many others have said, after a short period of time, even with proper cleaning, this model leaks everywhere -- from its top, bottom and plate if you have it more than about 15% full of water inside. So many people have complained about it that I cannot believe Rowenta won't do something. I wish I had returned mine during the warranty period.
 Works as advertised, I definitely like the fine tip for detailed ironing needs.
 Nice overall iron. I like the self clean feature, that it heats up quickly and that the ability to get close in collars, buttons, etc is great. A downside is the setting control is easily moved. If you do a lot of pressing, this mid level priced iron is great. You often get what you pay for.
 Takes only a couple of minutes now to iron a shirt instead of 15 min with old iron.  Can't describe why it works so much better but it does.  Granted old iron was 10+ years old bottom of line...  I wish this one had a retractable cord, but it's not a big deal to just loop it up.  Quality iron.
 PIECE OF CRAP. After less than a YEAR of minimal use it's leaking like a sieve. It's ruined several garments and stained my quilting projects, too, with brownish rusty leakage coming from the base of the iron. I HATE IT AND WANT A REFUND.
 Heats fast and no constant beeps last my old iron.  Nice feel when holding and good balance.
 It is hard to see the water level as reported but the iron is premium for getting the job done.
 Great iron. We iron almost every day and it is one of the best we have used.
 I have never owned an iron (until now) that functions as well as this one! Based on the reviews, it looks like some may have encountered problems down the road after their purchase ;i.e. rust spitting out etc... my experience with all the other irons I have owned, has eventually brought me to the same place with those kinds of issues, so I would much rather start off with an amazing iron!!
 I have been a Rowenta fan for many years and have had several over the last 25 years.  Recently my granddaughter knocked mine off the ironing board and cracked the water reservoir.  I was so upset but then ordered this new one from Amazon and now I know that all things happen for a reason.  The steam output on this iron is awesome.  I love love love this iron and highly recommend it for anyone who irons jeans or any other heavy fabric.
 this is a great value!<br/>my wife loves it<br/>lots of steam when needed! easy to handle.<br/>I use it quite a bit too.
 I have been wanting another Rowenta iron and this was a great value!  I dropped my Rowenta iron several years ago and the case cracked.  I didn't want to invest that much money again so I just purchased a "regular" cheapie iron at a department store.  Then I purchased another when the first cheapie developed scratches, then I purchased another when that iron got buildup that wouldn't come off.  Needless to say, I was never satisified with the job any of the cheapies did.  I finally gave up and started looking for a Rowenta.  I can't imagine ever ironing again without my Rowenta.  Even tho it is heavier that the cheapies, it is worth it to get the ease and quality of the final product.  It cuts ironing time in half.  I iron all of my blouses and what would take 1-2 hours is cut down to just over 30 minutes.  Whatever the cost....buy one!
 Great iron. You definitely get what you pay for. Worth the extra money to get a nicer iron, makes a huge difference. Glad I upgraded to a nicer one after my old one broke.
 This is the best iron I have ever owned (and I have had plenty in my 62 years). I’m definitely pleased with this purchase. I especially like the pointed shape. It makes it easy to get into those small, tight spots.
 Rowenta used to make the most ideal iron.  I don't know what has happened with this company, the irons are no longer the quality they should be.  Fortunately this one isn't leaking like the last one.  Should I need a new iron I will do some serious research before purchasing.
 Well these are typically great irons,,,,but only 19 months old and started leaking....probably been leaking for a year and I had not noticed.
 I like my iron but have one negative comment to the maker- I really do not like the way the cord is made in the back. It gets stuck downward and then gets tangled under items I'm ironing. They really did not try this out very well- in my opinion. But other than that it works great.
 two years later and the cord needs to be held in a particular fashion for the iron to work and heat up, we have needed to tape the cord in the correct angle so that we keep the current working.  The iron was fine until this happened....I think a cheaper iron will be next.
 Great steam and great iron.  Works as designed but only time will tell if it will last.  Have used it every day since I purchased and no problems, even on Carhartt type fabric.
 Purchased in July 2015. Lasted exactly 3 years before I threw it in the garbage. Auto shut off malfunctioned. Not repaiarable.
 This is my second Rowenta.  It's a little heavier than my original iron, but this one is just a wonderful.  It's a very dependable brand.
 The iron box is sleek, modern, filled with useful features and a delight to use. The steam function is excellent, and the chore gets done so quickly. The reason I wont go with 5 stars is that there is no warning about the stain that first use can create. My new ironing board got splattered with brownish stains when I used the iron the first time, possibly from the insides of the water holding tank. I should have been warned about having to rinse or clean this out before use. Sadly, the ironing board's cover is not machine washable. I am now searching for a stain remover and not too sure  what to name the stain. But for this sad glitch, the product itself is awesome.
 I researched looking for an iron that would work wonders for my professional wardrobe.  It hasn't disappointed me at all.  My shirts have a crisp look.
 This iron worked well enough for the first two months, but then the temperature did not get as hot and the reservoir emptied itself all over my ironing board. I thought that getting a Rowenta would almost guarantee a really good iron, but I am very disappointed.
 I guess there is not much to say but this is a great Iron.  The only "complaint" is that it does run out of water fast, but that is what you are paying the extra money for.  It has 400 holes or something.... which means lots of steam!!  Sooooo it will run out of water... fast!!! Duh!!.... Anyway, is a really solid, pretty, (not like that matters) iron.  I bought it about a month or two ago and it is still running strong. Still very clean too.
 Following instructions to the letter -so far no leaks. My last Rowenta leaked, but it was my error for not reading instructions and following correct operations. So far so good with this one.
 I hate ironing. But this thing almost makes it fun. It is really nice. AND it is bottom heavy so doesn’t tip over and fall to the tile floor all the time.
 Love this iron! Great steam. Good heat settings. Works well vertically or horizontally. Well worth the price as it was even on sale. I'm sure I'll get many years of use out of it as I did my previous Rowenta which was a hand-me-down from my mom.
 When our Shark iron met an untimely demise, I wanted to find a quality iron that was (a) well-made, (b) versatile enough for occasional use, (c) might last a good while, and (d) wasn't made in China.  I'm truly tired of so many - too many - consumer goods coming only from China.  I'd rather pay more for better quality and a different source.  This Rowenta is fitting all bills.  And I like the warranty as well.
 My wife loved this iron like no other. Goes on and on about the ease of use, and of how little effort is required to do the same work as before.<br/>Didn't expect something like this to make her so happy.
 It leaks.  Is there a reasonably priced steam iron out there that doesn't leak???  It doesn't leak as much as my last steam iron, but it still leaks.  BIG disappointment!
 My MIL asked for an iron for mother’s day and I found a great deal on this one, she loves it!  Poor thing never had a decent iron, so far so good!
 Some reviewers have noted this iron is lighter weight than they expected. I echo those statements. Wish I'd opted for another model
 Not worth the money.  After a few months of using it the steam feature does not work and it drips water all over my fine clothes.  Off to the GARBAGE bin for this crappy Iron.  I would not recommend that anyone buy this Iron. I wanted to return it but I guess I can’t.  Very disappointed.
 This iron glides smoothly over clothing. The 400 holes for steam makes the wrinkles disappear in seconds. I am truly pleased with this product. However, I must warn you to empty water out after each use.
 This thing cuts my ironing time in half!  Glides smoothly, no drip, chord doesn’t tangle while ironing, almost effortless.  What more can you ask for?
 Purchased just about 2 years ago and loved it until about a month ago...it just stops working.  Something going on with the cord where it connects to the iron, no visible kinks, tears or cracks, just shuts off when the cord isn't in just right spot.  So disappointed!!
 Just got my iron in the mail today and I was very excited to test it out. I have been using cheaper, less expensive irons and decided since I iron so much, that it was time to buy the "Mercedes" of the iron world. I heard so many great things about the Rowenta,  that it was time to check it out!  I have only used the iron tonight, but first impression...I am impressed! I tried it out on my husband's jeans and it glided so easily on them. I made sure to follow the instructions for first time use. This iron ironed them so easily and FAST! It ironed the jeans half the time and was much better than my cheapo irons that I have used in the past! I was very impressed with the steam and how fast it came out. The reservoir holds a lot of water! The only two things I can point out that I wished this iron had was: it should of came with a small water pitcher to fill the reservoir. My Black and Decker came with one. It was the last ironed that I owned, which I have to say I hated from the first time I used it. Luckily, I did not throw it out. Second, I wish this iron had a cord role up feature which again, my last iron had. It was convent for storage. I am happy though the Black and Decker decided to finally die. I can actually say that I am looking forward to do some laundry and iron, even though I hate ironing.
 I was out of town at my cousin's house and had to iron my pants. I used his iron and was so impressed with the way it ironed . It is not heavy, the temperatures are on point and the steam is awesome!!!! As soon as I got through ironing my pants, I got on my phone and ordered me one!!!! This is the BEST iron I have ever ironed with or owned.
 Looks cool. That’s about it compared to other irons in same price range. Leaks water and gets drippy. Nothing amazing about it. I’d probably get something else if I could do over.
 After 3 months it seems to be living up to it advertisement. Great steam, I hardly have to use the water sprayer.
 Item arrived fast and as expected.  Happy with the purchase and thoroughly satisfied with seller.
 This iron was to replace my 15-year old Rowenta which I semi-reluctantly gave to my son's girlfriend.  I am happy to report, despite some misgivings due to reviews saying Rowenta had lost its place at the top, this is a fabulous iron.  I'm hoping I'll get 15 years out of this one, too.
 ***EDITED 7/14/2013***<br/>I went to iron today and discovered that it started leaking. I poured water in and it came pouring out the bottom. I have babied this iron: only distilled water goes in it, I always empty the reservoir after using it, I don't leave it sitting on the board where it can get knocked off easily. So the leaking is definitely a Rowenta issue, not a user one. I still stand by all the positives I wrote about in the original review; I love this iron. I'm quite saddened and frustrated that it doesn't last more than a few years. I've had ultra cheap irons last three times as long.<br/><br/>ORIGINAL REVIEW 12/15/11:<br/>This is my 3rd Rowenta iron and so far, my favorite. My first broke because it fell off the ironing board a few too many times. My second started leaking water from where the electrical components connect, which is apparently quite common with Rowentas. I came to realize through my research that Rowentas tend to leak if anything other than distilled water is used and if water is left in the iron when not in use. Well, I used tap water and never emptied my iron. I decided that if I was to buy another Rowenta, I'd be vigilant about using distilled and emptying the iron after each use. I have been vigilant, but I've only had it a few months - not enough time to know if it'll leak or not. If it does, I'll come back and update. So far, it's been great.<br/><br/>I love steam. I adore steam. And oh, my goodness, does this iron get steamy! It actually makes more steam than I need. The autosteam feature sounded cool, but it should actually be called "always-steam". When I use it, there is a constant stream of steam spitting out. For most clothes, I have the steam set in the middle setting. I use the auto only for the most wrinkled and heaviest items. The other day, it actually produced enough steam to set off the smoke detector. While I adore steam, that day was excessive.<br/><br/>It also gets really hot. Which is good in a way, since my old iron never got hot enough to get the wrinkles out of a few things I have. It's also bad, because it's easy to set the iron too hot. For most cotton (which is the bulk of my ironing), I set it at the low end of the range and it's fine. If not, I bump it up little by little until I get it where I want it.<br/><br/>Other pluses? It heats up quickly and glides effortlessly. The tip of the iron looks a little funky, but it's great for getting in between buttons and small areas. It's also great for pressing open seams while sewing. It has a lot of heft to it, but it's comfortable to hold and use for extended periods of time. It has made ironing a lot faster and easier. Overall, I love it!
 Simply the best iron I have owned. As a quilter a iron is one of our main tools.  Steam or no steam.<br/>Heats up quickly
 We're putting this unit through the household paces. It doesn't leak and it doesn't require distilled water. It heats quickly and performs well.
 This iron works very well, but mine has a problem where it leaves rust color marks on my clothes often. I never leave water in it, so this is disappointing.
 I bought this iron about one month ago..i used black and decker for many years which worked good for the price and usually last for many years but my last black and decker iron didn't even last one month so i purchased another one and it lasted about 6 months. so dissapointing.......i decided to try another brand of iron and from the reviews i bought the rowenta DW5080 stem iron. I was a bit skeptical about purchasing such a pricy iron because more money is not always better quality. So far it was worth the price... there is alot of holes that creates a burst of stem which is amazing...and this Iron makes my job alot easier. Im very pleased. hopefully i will have this iron for a long time.
 This iron is very front heavy weighted and hard to handle for someone who is 5'2" with a small hand.  My hand keeps sliding forward to keep the balance of the iron and consequently I hit the spray buttons accidentally.  I also keep hitting the protruding circular dial beneath the handle when lifting the iron which changes the temp setting.  Not designed for a petite person.  Would not purchase again.
 I love my new iron. I purchased this as a replacement for a former model of  Rowenta. I wouldn't own another brand. I'm looking forward to seeing if this 'hard water' /calc model is as good as my Rowenta that finally retired. :  )
 Worst Iron i have ever purchased. It shuts off every 30s while i am ironing. I have to unplug and plug it back in for it to re-heart. Then it goes into shut-off mode again on its own. Very very frustrating. No more Rowentas for me!
 I have purchased several Rowenta irons because I thought they were top of the line.  A few months after purchasing, the water began pouring out.  I use mine for sewing and so it will sit on the ironing board for a while between each use.  During the "waiting" time, the water pours out of it.  I would like to purchase another iron but I'm tired of having the last two spit or leak water!
 This iron worked well while it lasted, but I bought it in June and it only lasted until December, and I only use for about 2 minutes, 3x/week.
 This steam iron has multiple setting and is exactly what I was looking for.
 I've never loved an iron.  This one makes you take notice.
 This one fits the bill perfectly and the fact I got it on sale makes it even better.
 Discovered Rowenta irons 20 years ago, have purchased 3 in total, great iron.
 I do quite a lot of quilting and needed to purchase an iron that I could leave upstairs in my sewing room.  I read many reviews and I finally decided on this iron.  I have just used it a few times but I really liked all the steam it puts out and it  will be perfect for my quilting projects!
 LOVE this iron.  I have purchased 2 irons over the past two years, both have broken.  If I would have spent the money on just this one from the beginning it would have been the smarter thing!  It’s not too heavy, really gets out the tough wrinkles easily and has awesome steam bursts!
 The iron does everything as advertised.  I was looking for an iron that was hot--and this iron fits that request.  I did not ever think of the "buttons" for the spray and extra steam would be so long as to easily be pushed during regular ironing.  I do not have a large hand, but the buttons sometimes get pressed when I do not mean to use them.
 this thing works. finally an iron that works! after using this for a few weeks, I gave away the one I replaced ( cost just as much as this one)<br/>one or two swipes with this and my dress shirts are set. the steam comes out evenly and good volume. nothing more I hate that having to iron out wet spots from ineffective steam jets. made in Germany (not China Thank God)
 Works nicely, and I love all the new steam vents!!!!!  Yes they make that big of a difference when you are ironing.
 I guess the joke is on me since after the first one failed a couple years ago and trying cordless for a year, I came back to Rowenta and bought this one. I believed the reviews which said it was the best.  It's not.  It's CRAP!  Within a couple of months, it failed.  Won't stay hot, leaks and for $100, is a piece of crap.  But -- I wrote to the customer service department which sent me to an authorized service repair.  I took the iron in, they "fixed" it, it still doesn't work.  So then I wrote to customer service and they send me a UPS label.  Period.  NO message, no communication, no help, no apology - nothing!  so...I'm done with this company and it's piece of you know what iron.  .
 best iron ive ever had. quick heat, Multi- features, smooth. Light, pin-point for seams and corners,  Takes tap water, and Cleans out.  NO talc!!
 Perfect size and weight.
 Light weight. Irons very well. Wandering why there is no cup that comes with it that would make pouring water in it easier?
 Rowenta the best Iron i ever used my 1st one last 6yrs and this is my second one
 Well balanced, steam comes out evenly, spray works nicely. Bottom is so smooth. Glides easily. Not heavy at all. Heats up quickly. Great product.
 good iron and very easy to fill the water up for steam.  The old Rowenta I had that went belly up after many years was difficult to put water into the holding tank for steam and not as heavy.  The weight of the new Rowenta can be a good thing and a bad thing.  Good if you don't want to have to press so hard on wrinkles to get them out and a bad thing if you object to a heavier iron that might tire you out more easily.  We use the iron almost daily as we make many quilts a year and the rating I gave is based on using an iron 6 to 8 hours daily.
 A "mature" friend told me about Rowenta. I didn't care the cost if it was all it is cracked up to be. It is! All those steam holes make all the difference. That is the key. And the weight. It's heavy, but not too heavy to use. You need the weight! I often iron a dozen shirts in one sitting, so I need efficiency. And I am picky. I don't want good enough, I want crispy perfect. This iron does it. And I love that it can be used as a steamer on hanging items.<br/><br/>Worth your money!
 I love this iron.  More basic than I expected but heck, it works.  I had steam turned up first couple shirts I ironed, afterwards, I saw water collected and dripping from under my ironing board.  That's a lot of steam.
 Wonderful iron!
 I have owned Rowena irons before and none of them leaked. This one leaks, bad! All of my items have water dropping on them the whole time I am trying to iron. I am going to invoke the warranty and see if a different iron does the same thing. Not happy...
 My first one lasted 16 months. It abruptly stopped working. It performed very well so I ordered another just like it. Hopefully, it will last at least 2 years.
 This is the best iron I've ever had! Due to dress code in the office I have to iron a lot, and Rowenta saved me half of the time I used to spend on ironing! Yes it is a bit heavy, but not tragically, I could iron for 1-2 hours without any issues, and yes it consumes lots of water if you use it with full stream, but it makes a wonderful job! I recommend it to everyone, I'm very satisfied with this iron.
 This iron has so many features but my favorite may be the auto on and off feature. No more worrying if you unplugged it or not!
 Always wondered why these things were SO expensive! Now I know, they are way better than the average iron. I quilt &amp; this iron makes pressing all the cottons a breeze. My husband even thinks it is fun to iron shirts with this iron it makes it so easy. It juts seems to melt wrinkles away.
 This particular iron had to have come defective...however, there is no way to inspect internal parts or what have you. The pump sprayer never projected properly...the steam does not blast...and we've had alot of irons...including rowenta's-i don't know
 Nice. Heats REALLY fast
 I love this. I want to order one from my parents so we will see.
 There is nothing special about this iron that warrants the price.  The steam is not strong. The ironing is ordinary.  I kept it for the children to use and bought a professional strength iron from cleaners.com. for about $20 buck more.
 Great iron. Lots of steam.  Heats up fast.  No complaints.
 It works just fine.  It is nice to hold.  I do wish the 'heat' dial had more information on it.  I'm used to settings such as "Linen" (highest), Cotton, Synthetic, Wool, and such.  It does not leak, it has no malfunctions.  It heats up in a split-second.  It shuts down when left standing too long.  Those are all good features.  I'll get used to the 'settings' given enough time.  ;)
 Great performing iron.It has a big tank for water which is a big plus.It removes wrinkles better than the DeLonghi it replaced. The only think I hate is the location of the buttons for steam and spray. They intrude into the space where you hold the iron and are bothersome. Wish they were further forward.
 I had a Rowenta before and it did not last very long. Based on research and reviews, I bought this one because it was made in Germany, not China.  The iron has been great, but recently it has started dripping  a lot of water out of the bottom plate and the cord. I am really disappointed. This is not an inexpensive iron and I expected it to last a lot longer. Definitely not worth the money--Germany or not.
 I'm a quilter and have gone through a few irons but keep coming back to Rowenta. This one has a great pointed tip which is perfect for detailed ironing. This is a very sturdy iron too, heavy without hurting my wrist
 I have owned 2 of these.  I like the heat and the steam, but they sputter and spew rusty water after a while and then they broke all together after 18 months or so.  For the price you pay I was expecting way more. If it is going to last less than 2 years I'd rather pay for a cheaper model that I can just replace yearly for the same price...
 top rated and works fast
 Don't get as hot as i would like it to be.
 As a quilter, this is the most effective iron I have ever used.  Steam is unbelievable.  It uses a lot of tap water so it's necessary to have a jug handy.  That's a good thing.  Lays down seams and smooths the fabric effortlessly.  Heats quickly too.  I am thrilled with this iron.  Highly recommend purchasing this incredible iron.  Really!!
 I like the iron very much. It performs well and produces plenty of steam for short ironing sessions.The water reservoir needs to hold more as I use a lot  of steam in my sewing. I'm also not a big fan of automatic off.feature.
 I just love my new Rowenta iron. My last one lasted forever but I dropped it so replaced with this one. Loved my last one but this is such an improvement!
 I love Rowenta irons and this one is no exception.  It is relatively lightweight, but with the amount of steam itcanput out, extra weight is not necessary.  The tip of the iron makes it very easy to iron around buttonholes and works great with pleats also.  This is just a great iron.  If there is anything you might not like, it is that it really runs through the water when you have the steam set at its highest setting.  I keep a gallon jug with my ironing supplies, so it is not an issue.
 Easy to use and a lot of power at a great price.  I only wish it had a retractable cord.
 This was my 4th Rowenta.  I got about 6 years with heavy use from each one.  It is the only brand I will consider.  I iron 5 shirts for work every Sunday night.  I use spray starch.  Most people think I send my shirts to the cleaners.  In my opinion you can't buy a better iron.
 It it extremely good iron. Just follow the instructions before your first use.<br/>The iron is not light, but I like it. Some of my dresses made from heavy materials such as thick denim and linen.<br/>With this item I spend less than 10 minutes to iron "tricky" materials. This iron will make you to enjoy ironing process.
 I had high hopes for this iron, with the good reviews and the great consumer ratings I researched, I thought this was the one. Sadly I'm disappointed by why the issues I'm having, I never read about. First it is hot and generates a lot of steam just like I wanted but unfortunately it also leaves water spots all over you garment. That's on the highest steam setting which is what I need. Turning it down doesn't help, it still leaves water spots. The other issue is where the dial is, just under the handle and my hand keeps hitting it as I'm ironing, changing the setting. This issue is the most bothersome and I have to keep turning back to where I originally turned it too, major pain. I don't recommend buying this iron until they take care of BOTH these problems.
 This is the best iron I have ever owned! I do a lot of ironing and just wish I had bought a Rowenta years ago. The first thing I ironed with my new Focus was a denim jacket and it looks like I had it professionally done. My old iron had the steam buttons on the handle and were raised and it gave me blisters on my forefinger. The Focus model does not do that, the buttons are sloped into the handle. If I have to say anything negative it would be that the temperature control is hard to see but once you use it you pretty much know where your settings are located. Love-Love-Love this iron!!!
 I've used this iron for less than a year.  It sometimes does not heat up.
 My New Friend<br/><br/>Tonight I met a new friend. His name is Ro. When I saw him, I knew that I would like him, just by looking at him. I especially liked the fancy gray and white suite he was dressed in. Joleen introduced us, she said that he had been a very good friend of theirs and she thought that we too would be great friends. I gladly invited him into our home and gave him some water. He told me that Joleen had told him that I had a very important job for him to do. He wanted to get started right away, so I took him to the mess that has been piling up. He looked at it, rolled up his sleeves and went right to work. Guillermo and I were both so impressed with his skill, talent, competence, and dexterity. He was a pro. We had had a previous worker, Decker, in our house to try to fix the same thing, but he was just not as good, it took him 10 times the amount of time to do what Ro was doing and he never did achieved the same perfection and quality that Ro did.<br/><br/>However, the only problem with Ro, is that he kept on asking for water, every 10 or 15  minutes I had to get him more and more water. That was kind of weird and annoying but since he was doing such a great job, I didn’t mind at all. Well, by the end of the night, after much hard effort, drive, and labor, the job was done. Guillermo and I both smiled as Ro calmly sat down to rest. He seemed very proud of himself as he let some steam off and cooled down from all the hard work.<br/><br/>When the job was done and after cooling off, I gave Ro a great big kiss. Then I wrapped his cord around him, put him in on the shelf, and there RoWenta, my new iron took Black and Decker’s place. I could not be happier!
 Amazing Iron. I’ve had an old sunbeam beater of an iron for years and had no need to get a new one until the old one packed it in. So glad I did. This iron is really well built and has a nice weight to it. It feels like a German car. Amazing steam output and a variety of settings. Definitely recommended.
 Purchased August 2016, stopped heating February 2017. Unit is only used 4 hours/week=208 total hours. Would have expected unit to have lasted minimum of two years at that pace. Unit looks brand new, now calcium,  lime build up or wear and tear.
 I bought this iron to replace my old Rowena after (20) TWENTY YEARS. I LOVE THIS IRON! I use it just about every day. So glad I purchased it. I would definitely recommend it. The steam is awesome and the point on it, so easy to get to the difficult spots. VERY PLEASED WITH MY PURCHASE 🙂
 This iron is just as perfect as I expected. My old Rowenta is 20 years old and had gotten slow. This gets linen-hot fast. No leaking or spitting. I think reading and following directions make a huge difference.
 I completely regret this purchase and will never buy rowenta again. Iron is only 6 weeks old.  Started dripping brown water onto clothes.  Rowenta told me this is not covered under warranty.  I must not use filtered water, but if my tap water is hard, buy spring water.  That is not affordable.
 This is the best iron that I have had in years and years. Everything works. Heat setting is a dial, which I prefer.mIt was made in Germany. The quality shows!
 I always bought cheap irons until a friend of mine gave me her old Rowenta many years ago. I have never purchased another brand since then!  This iron gets hot much faster that a 1000 watt iron, love the soleolate and it still sprays water,  - my other irons always quit spraying or steaming even using distilled water. It will steam vertically but not as well as a real steamer, but enough for most things I steam, I like this iron a lot.
 I bought this iron in March when my older Rowenta was done. The new iron started out just fine then this week the it started not to stay hot any more the red light would stay on for short periods then turn off. The light that says auto shut off is on solid. I shook the iron as instructed and the thing still only gets hot for short periods and turns off. It also  leaks a lot of water.
 I am VERY pleased with my Rowenta and with the fast and well packaged delivery. I owned another Rowenta and it worked well for five years.  Probably would have lasted longer if I hadn't dropped it on a marble floor so many times! This model is much lighter in weight which is a plus. It puts out an AWESOME amount of steam which is exactly what I wanted. You have to refill the water reservoir more often but that is a minor trade off (In my opinion) for the crisp, like from the cleaners results this iron delivers. I shop at the Naval base but Amazon beat their price. It is another excellent iron from Rowenta.
 My mother absolutely loves this thing, replaced the old one and hasn't had an issue to date.
 Heats up quickly, gives a lot of steam when desired. Surface is very smooth and glides over clothing.
 Sturdy, heavy and reliable.  Lasts longer if water emptied after each use.
 My wife loves this iron, but complains that it feels heav(ier) as she works with it. I guess the weight of the product helps with getting rid of wrinkles pretty well, but becomes a burden after a while.
 I purchased this Rowenta 5080 iron after having had 2 other rowenta irons.  The problem is water dripping from the soleplate.  The first 2 irons I had lasted a few years but ended up with the same water leakage.  This iron started leaking after 20 minutes of ironing on the first day of use.  I will stay away from them forever.
 Always love the brand. On time, in perfect shape and great price!
 Purchased this iron exactly 3 years ago. Loved it! I used it every few weeks for light ironing. It just died today. I really feel like it should have lasted much longer as it was well taken care of-it still looks like new.
 I bought this iron in May, used it twice and now it leaks.  I wanted to return it but seems it's too late.  Only a one month window to return damaged item? Used twice in 2 months and it leaks.  Wanted to give zero to minus stars but unable.
 High quality steam iron. Best I've ever used or owned.
 Full disclosure: I don't iron, my husband does.  He actually wanted a new iron for his birthday and after reading several reviews on different irons, I chose this one.  Good choice!  He loves it.  He said ironing is so much easier now, and the steam is so efficient that the opposite side of the garment is almost fully ironed after just doing the first side!
 Purchased this August 2017 because it stated it didn't drip/leak but  it drips all the time. Doesn't matter what setting it is on or how much water is in it. After contacting Rowenta twice and hearing nothing back, I'm moving on to a different brand.
 Second Rowenta iron I've had...daughter took my first one.  Good quality.
 This is my first "Serious" iron. I probably don't deserve such a superior piece of equipment because my ironing skills are pathetic. I can state, however, that since I started to use this iron, my clothes look pretty decent. And that is saying a lot!<br/><br/>1) This iron is made in Germany, not China.<br/>2) It is quite heavy. This is a good thing.  When you want to PRESS out wrinkles....heavy is better than light.<br/>3) It holds about a cup and a half of tap water. No distilled water necessary.<br/>4) It heats up very quickly and keeps an even temperature throughout use.<br/>5) The steam produced is abundant, due to quick heating and many, many steam holes on the base of the iron.<br/>6) It also produces a stream of water, should you prefer that to abundant steam.<br/>7) There is no on/off switch. You plug it in, it is on.<br/>8) It turns itself off if it is tilted to it's side. This is a safety measure.<br/>9) The narrow point at the front of the iron is a wiz at getting between rows of buttons and odd shaped areas.<br/><br/>Ironing is still not fun for me, however, my clothes really appreciate this new iron.
 Given the price, it's slightly disappointing. Good for t-shirts, but no better than my previous iron on the challenging stuff like dress shirts. I'd buy either a cheaper one or  a better one.
 best iron I've ever owned.  works perfectly,  it is the best ******
 So far I have found this iron flawless in its design and execution.  The iron has a great feel, substance to it with incredible steaming ability and control.  Glides smoothly, responds quickly to temperature changes, doesn't spit or dribble like so many other irons.  This is the first truly professional iron I have ever owned.
 I have probably had 30 irons in my life because I wear them out, and I'm picky. I really really LOVE this one!!!!! Best iron I have EVER had, and I've had a few I really liked. GREAT surge of steam, which is my #1 requirement. HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS IRON!!!
 Terrible purchase.  Did not last a year...auto-shutoff keeps turning iron off after less than a minute.  Contacted Rowena since under warranty and have to mail it in for repair and expect it to be out for a month.  Would not recommend.
 Love my new iron.  All the features are great! It gets really hot .  NO leaking either! I would recommend it to others.
 Great steam options, smooth ironing.
 The iron I purchased ruined an expensive shirt by protruding rust onto the surface of the shirt. As soon as time allows, I will send it back for a refund.
 Excellent iron. Hope i lasts as long as my old iron (about 15 years) that was not a Rowenta
 I love this iron. It is my first iron that is more than $20. It heats up fast, irons faster than any iron i've ever had, and has an auto shut off if you forget to turn it off. I have zero complaints about this product.
 Great for daily ironing including heavy garments. No leaks or stains.
 I have owned this iron for about 6 months. I tried very hard to love it, as I know it is popular and supposed to be very good. However, it is the worst iron I have ever purchased. It simply does not get hot, and therefore does not get wrinkles out. I travel often and cheap hotel irons are generally better. As I write this, I'm at a hotel with a fantastic (cheap) iron, and it was finally the last straw. Please do not purchase this iron; instead get a $10-$15 iron. If it breaks, you can get 4-6 of them for the cost of this one terrible iron.
 Beautiful, glides over the ironing, making it easier and faster. Great buy!
 This iron is wonderful! The reviews I read before I purchased it said that it was heavy! It is no heavier than any other iron! It does a wonderful job without a lot of effort on my part.  I would suggest this iron to a friend!
 Have had a Shark for years, and it finally gave up the ghost.  After reading the reviews on the Shark, I decided to buy the Rowenta.  I have only used it once, but it works great.  I have never had so much steam when I have ironed in the past.  The clothes are coming out a lot more polished looking.  No regrets here on trying something different!
 Wow--this is a really great iron, and I'm picky about irons. I find myself hoping something gets wrinkly so I can use it. Super smooth and ergonomic, and it has a nice sturdy feel that cheaper irons don't have. Had my first Rowenta iron for about 15 years and used it to pieces--replaced with this one, and I expect it to last as long!
 This was a replacement for a 12 year old Rowenta. So far so good, very happy with the weight and feel and the larger water capacity.
 What an awesome tool with almost too much steam! Very well designed and constructed, heads and tails above my old iron! I don't understand why irons aren't made with a cord winding location, never understood that. I can't imagine anyone being disappointed by this product!
 Love the iron. Steam is very good but with that comes the part that you have to refill with water after ironing 1-2 garments. But that's a small price to pay for the steam you get. I did notice that I have to self clean frequently as it spits out lime deposits after couple weeks of use. Not a major issue though.
 This is a great iron.  I end up buying a new one about once a year and I stick with Rowenta.  My only complaint is that the cord at base of iron which controls the heat starts to fizzle out 10-12 months into use.  I attribute that to the fact I iron about 4 times a week so it is getting a lot of use.<br/><br/>This one is light weight and does a great job.
 haven't really used the item but found a damaged tip, which is not too much of problem but wish i got the perfect one....
 Have had zero issues. Irons very well and is easy to setup and use. I've never had an iron with a steamer function and I love it.
 Hmmm....liked this iron. Just died after 2 years. Is that it? My grandmother had the same iron for 40 years. Durable goods? Longevity?
 Arrived on time. Best Iron I have ever used.
 I brought this product used and a portion of it was broken. It was an obvious broken piece on the cord. The iron works wonderfully and the steam portion is the best!
 Bought this a little over a year ago and it has stopped working (just over the one year warranty period).
 This iron was recommended to me by a friend. It is far superior to any iron I've owned before and is well worth the money!
 Bought this in March of 2016. 6 months later it will not even turn on. Thought Rowenta was a good product. Not this one. Would not buy again and would not recommend. Bought it to replace a Shark iron. Good thing I kept my 2 year old Shark. It still works.
 I have been looking for a practical iron for some time. Based on the numberous good reviews, I purchase this one and it was a good buy.<br/>My visiting mother-in-law, who had done quite a bit of ironing in her life, praised how smooth it operates. I am sure she speaks with authority.<br/>The steam works well, but the water does get used up quickly. I have to refill after ironing just a couple of shirts.
 I have been a Rowenta fan for years.  This will be my last one.  The quality of these irons has gone way down.<br/><br/>I haven't had it for very long and it starting leaking very soon.
 My mother law loved it. And good price
 Very good products with very good price.
 My past 3 irons have been Rowenta, they have been great irons.  The last one lasted only a year and then it just stopped working and didn't heat up anymore.  So bought the Rowenta DW5080 which had such good reviews, it worked the first time and then the second use NOTHING nothing nothing.  It did not heat up.  I thought it might be my plug so I tried several electrical outlets throughout my house but NOTHING.  Very disappointed in Rowenta and I'm switching brands.  They are expensive and the risk of them not working and needing to iron something before leaving for work, unreliable and stressful.  Good bye Rowenta.
 Had a Rowenta professional iron for over 25 years that saw daily use, this one does not disappoint excellent in every way.
 My wife wanted this and loves using it (and she hates to iron), she still comments on it's design, build quality, how well it works and how it seems to just glides across the clothes. She is very glad we bought this one
 This is by far the best iron I have ever used and it is also the most expensive iron I have purchased. I love using tap water  and not distilled water. Ironing is easy with all types of clothing. So far it is definitely worth the money. My only issue is the plate used for packing. My husband thought it was to sit the hot iron on. I called and it as for packing only and should be discarded. Ironing will never be my favorite chore but this iron makes it bearable!
 This iron is made in Germany.  Good quality.  I do lots of quilting and sewing, and love this iron.
 I have had this iron for years and when i broke it I bought the exact iron again because this iron is simply amazing.<br/><br/>The steam function is a dream and the weight of this iron produces amazing results in a little time.  Brovo
 Defective from the start.  Turns off automatically, will not turn back on, pours water out of the plate, will not stay hot for more than 5 minutes.  The instructions are useless for troubleshooting.  I googled the problems I was having and there are many others who have had the same problem.  I am shocked this iron has a high overall rating.  Do not buy this iron, you will regret it (unless you like returning items).
 This model irons very well and gets the job done quickly. 2nd one in 2 years, though.
 This iron is a serious iron.  It gets down to business fast with a quick warm-up that emits lots of steam to take out those wrinkles.  It has a good heft that makes you feel like a professional ironer as you press down on the clothes with the ready hiss of steam.  The longer you iron, the more the iron glides effortlessly over the clothes.  Love the pointer nose that gets into tight spots.  The best ever.<br/><br/>Comfortable to hold although as you grip the handle, it is easy to accidently press a special spray button.  Design flaw?  Minor complaint.  Easy to fill the water cavity if you are pouring water from a container with spout.  I have not tried filling directly from the faucet.  One complaint:  hard to see the water level.  Perhaps if my brown iron was a different color, I could more easily see the water vis a vis the MAX line.<br/><br/>User instructions clear and to-the-point.  Drawings are excellent.  A picture is worth a thousand words although in this case, the written word complements the illustrations.  They go hand-in-hand.
 lasted a year and a half, suddenly water starts leaking all over. Not drips. Like a waterfall. Unusable except bone dry.
 It does all right. It doesn't seem to get as hot as irons I have had in the past,but it irons okay. I like the heaviness of it,but the dial to set temperatures is hard to see.
 Ironing is usually arduous and frustrating but with a iron like this it is fun and satisfying. I no longer go over anything more than once and the steam is POWERFUL. Best appliance purchase in the last 3 years. FYI- beating out my fancy mixer and washer/dryer.
 I purchased this iron about 4 months ago.  So far I haven't had any problems.  Honestly, the best iron I have ever used and I use one almost daily.  A few swipes and I'm done.  I would probably buy it again even if it breaks down after a year, as some of the reviews mentioned, if I can get it for $59 again.  It is really that good, but don't tell the manufacture that, lol.
 This iron makes pressing my husband's polyester uniforms a breeze. Between the extreme steam it puts out and the smooth glide plate it's fantastic!
 Love the powerful bursts of steam, the fact that it doesn’t turn off on it’s own for 8 minutes.  I quilt and I need it on for longer than a 2 minute span of unuse.  Powerful iron and my favorite thus far!!!
 I bought this iron to replace a worn out older model Rowenta. After less than 2 months use, it started leaking badly. I can't use it because no matter what steam setting i use, it leaks puddles onto my fabric. I read other reviews before buying it about leaks but took a chance. Bad idea. This iron LEAKS.
 My husband irons his shirts weekly. We purchased this iron in Nov 2017. It’s been less than a year &amp; already it’s leaking water. Really disappointed in it’s durability. And of course it’s too late to return it.
 Very good product! Arrived in a timely manner and has been working ever since!
 It does not work as well as I would have liked it.<br/>1. The weight of the iron is not as light as I was expecting.<br/>2. Somehow I dont think the iron gets as hot as it should.<br/><br/>Not happy but unfortunately I am past the return date so I am stuck with this.  I have been Rowenta's fan for a long time but this one is not worth it :(
 best iron ever glides over your clothes just<br/> enough weight to get wrinkles out
 This Rowenta iron is more than a pretty face...the iron feels solid not wimpy. The shot of steam makes quick work of stubborn wrinkles and the elongated tip easily navigates my husband's dress shirts, when I'm done they look as if they're fresh from the dry cleaners!  The irons wide base allows it to rest comfortably in the upright position, whether its the ironing board or other surface.  I admit I didn't believe this "pricey iron could live up to the hype". Well I was wrong and it is worth every cent....so much so, I will be purchasing 2 more, one for my Mom and sister.
 I bought this Rowenta iron based on the reviews it received, I think I got a lemon. It doesn't heat and/or keep it's temp...then when i put tap water it started rumbling like it has bronchitis??..then it started spewing a bit of water, assuming it's also afflicted w/asthma! Needless to say I got a Rowenta iron w/malodies! It's going back. Buyer beware! Today's Rowentas are not made to grade!!! It leaks, and rumbles and is not consistent w/temp. Do not buy!!!
 Love this iron! Works very well and is very durable
 Woohoo!  Loving my new iron.  It does a great job and I didn't realize how ineffective my old iron was until I started to use the Rowenta.  I had negligible results with the former steam iron, which I guess just didn't get hot enough and it seemed that I was just going through the motions of ironing.  Now I SEE the great results without a doubt.  Would definitely recommend this iron.
 Wifey likes it!! "nuff said!
 I didn't realize how much difference a good iron could make. I lengthened the sleeves on a pea coat and it took the old creases out in seconds. It produces more steam than my hand steamer. I love this iron.
 I must say, this iron makes ironing a breeze! The stainless steel and steam hole galore, make wrinkles disappear in a heart beat!
 The iron did not last 7 months of moderate use. The model we had prior lasted right at 13 months. I thought the first one was a fluke, but now I know they are not made to last. These are not worth the price tag.
 My mom loves her iron! This is her second or third Rowenta (over many, many years), and she really likes this model. I haven't heard any complaints; she's had it for more than a year now.
 Our old iron had some sort of coating on the bottom and collected starch and was impossible to clean. This iron, with its stainless steel base, is much better. Very pleased.
 I love this iron. Lot of features, and its heavy duty. Gets the job done
 As expected ROWENTA quality. Thks Amazon for the good price...
 Great iron. Love the steam feature. Makes ironing a breeze. Would buy again.
 I've always has a Rowenta.  They are the best, in my opinion.  The only disappointment is that it doesn't fit in my wall ironing board unit, due to the width.
 My wife says it is the best iron she has ever used, and that it makes her sewing projects much more easily completed. I like the fact that distilled water is not needed.
 There is a world of difference between a cheap iron and this more high-end model. I needed a good iron for quilting and pressing clothes, this works very well, however it doesn't have an auto off (or I haven't found it yet). Therefore if you're a forgetful person you'll need to take extra effort to remember to unplug it.
 Less than two years old the iron has been leaking water for the last year.  It has been poring out for the last two months.  Into the garbage can.  Great iron if you do not put water into it.  I did not overfill.
 I have had Rowenta's in the past but so far, this is my favorite.  It gets hot quickly and the water storage is more than my last one.  Plus you don't have to use distilled water.
 Amazing steamer and iron. it heats up very quick and it makes ironing faster. I normally don't do the ironing, my husband does and i have not heard any complains so far.
 This item made me fall in love with ironing again! It’s excellent product
 My wife loves this for her quilting projects. It works so well that she often doesn't use steam.
 This is a very well designed clothes iron.  The reason I didn't keep it is it felt heavy without water.  I'm a senior and use the steam feature most of the time.  I bought another model Rowenta that works for me and is lighter.
 This iron is great at pressing out wrinkles even in fabrics that are difficult to press. The sharply angled tip makes it easy to iron corners. It glides easily over all fabrics and heats up quickly. Only issue is the water fill position is awkward and lends itself to spilling.
 In my opinion, Rowenta makes the best iron and my housekeeper who does my laundry agrees. The first iron arrived and did not work. I called Amazon and sent it back at no charge with the label they provided and an iron that worked arrived 2 days later. Amazing service, great product! Thank you
 I was amazed how much better this iron is than my old Rowenta that just quit.  It steams and irons much better and made ironing fun, if you can imagine that?  Really well balanced and easy to handle.
 Best iron I've ever used. Period. Pointed tip makes all the difference and really lets you iron exactly where you want to quickly with one pass. Great when steaming or non-steaming. Only complaint is the auto off feature - doesn't turn off for 8 minutes - a little too long, but obviously not a deal breaker. Never thought I would love an iron, but I do!
 Terrific iron!!
 Quickly heats and good for creases. Good steam shots to eliminate wrinkles.
 Love everything about this iron. Hope it will last a lifetime.
 This iron is amazing! Glides right over your clothes, heats up quickly, and helps you go through your ironing fast.
 It even looks futuristic.<br/><br/>If you're looking for a way to take the drudgery out of ironing, hire someone else to do it. If you're looking for a neat looking, great working iron to drudge with, buy this one. The temperature adjustment is true and very sensitive, the steam is (sometimes painfully) powerful, and it is the first truly drip-free iron I've owned.
 I use my irons several hours each weekly.  This is my third Rowenta, and the other two are ten to twelve years old and work perfectly.<br/>This one is just outstanding!!  Nice and heavy, really presses well, excellent steam and controls are simple to use.  The price was reasonable and the best at Amazon.  This investment is well worth it!
 Quick to heat up and best of all no leaks even when the water reservoir is full. The steam works great. Best iron I've owned.
 I have never been sooooo in love with an iron in all my life.  I used to think I bought very nice irons until I used a friends Rowenta.  I had to have one.  I am soooo glad I made this purchase!!!  Cuts ironing in half, and gives a professional finish every time.
 Best iron I’ve ever purchased
 I do a lot of ironing and this get used everyday. Heats up fast, which I like. No steam to tons of steam works great. I like the point on the iron so I can get into tight places and between buttons.<br/>Will turn off automatically if not in use, but no "off" button per say, just unplug.
 Easy to use.  Does a good Job
 Wish it carried more heat for cotton n linen
 In all my years I have yet to see or use an iron that glides across my clothing so smoothly, I have never seen an iron with over 400 holes stainless steel soleplates. The iron does everything but cooks (Smile).  But honestly I couldn’t be happier or satisfied; at this point I wouldn’t trade this iron up for too many other irons out there in the industry.
 I noticed grey stains on ironed items that were not there before ironing. Then I noticed stains all over ironing board cover. Used softened water because that is what I have. Warning against distilled water but if I had known that softened water might cause this problem, would not have ordered it. Also, have to keep refilling the tank.
 I've now been using this iron 5 days a week for almost 6 months.  This is my third Rowenta over the last 10 or so years and this one is easily my favorite.  It is fully heated within a minute or two and blows steam like no other.
 Love it works great
 It works as advertised.
 IRONS WELL, BUT LEAKS A BIT.  NOT HEAVY.  STILL LOOKING FOR A GOOD IRON.
 Thank you. Love it!
 I love ironing anyway, but this iron takes it to a whole ‘nother level! Love the pointed end that gets into the tiny areas.
 My wife loves using this iron. She presses her clothes and quilting material. Heats fast with plenty of steam.
 This steam iron is really good one. I bought it recently ,until now it is working great . I would recommend it. But the flipside is it’s pricey. So if you use your iron daily its a good investment.
 This is the first higher end iron I have owned.  Goes through dress shirts easily and has made me a better and more efficient ironer. Saving tons in dry cleaner bills.  As other reviews have suggested, the steam will last for one to one and a half dress shirts.  I have ironed silk, wool, cotton and linen without a problem.  The iron has leaked, but its water and I'm ironing with steam most of the time- therefore its no big deal.  I have had to clean the iron regularly because we have mineral rich water here and you can see the build up on the plate.  I would recommend this iron highly, especially if you are use to the bargain irons and want to step up in quality.
 I did not like this product. My last Rowenta was solid and functioned well all around. This however was like a toy in comparison. I kept unintentionally bumping the dial when using it due to the poor design. I was disappointed enough to return it. I do not recommend this iron.
 Nice iron.  Larger water reservoir than typical.  Gets plenty hot and can generate more than enough steam.  Has a flush feature to avoid mineral buildup which should extend the life of the iron.
 This iron is well made.Rowenta has been making quality irons for many years and this is one of the best they've ever made.You can feel it when you're using it and it does'nt feel cheap.It does an excellent job on certain materials thats really hard to iron and it steams really well.
 I'm a bachelor guy, 60 years old and doing my own laundry again. Researched this for a week or so, then went with this one. Darned good iron! I iron mainly just my Tee Shirts, and it goes through them lickity-split! Good heat, steam and water spray make for my very nice shirts to wear. Highly recommend!
 Wasn't expecting the steam to be so powerful, it is wonderful...This replaced my 25 year old iron ...This one is twice as heavy, you can feel the quality German engineering...Nice pointy tip to iron hard to reach places...I have not tried the vertical steaming yet or other options, just basic ironing...and I am thrilled!!! Buy it!!! It is well worth the money....
 Works great!  I used 50% our softened water and 50% our reverse osmosis water, into it's resevoir.
 Excellent
 Finest iron I have ever owned. Loved all the steam holes. The fine pointed tip is great for tiny miniature clothes and dollhouse furnishings,.
 Bad quality iron.<br/>Worked ok for a few months and now it’s just leaking all the time and staining fabrics. So disappointed!!
 A lot of thought went into this iron making it superior to others. The tip of the iron is streamline allowing access to small tight spaces. Light weight and ample of chord appeal to me.<br/>I’ve only taken ownership a month ago, so time will test it’s lifeline.
 Really good,
 Worth every penny.  Couldn't ask for a better iron. Great quality, design, price &amp; real fast shipping.
 Excellent steam  and seems very well built.  I expect it to last quite a while.  Just a few complaints.  Due to my impatience it does drip right after I fill up with water.  Also, the process of filling with water isn't designed well  because in order to determine if it is full you have to tilt the iron so that you can't keep filling at the same time.
 I'm a fashion design school graduate (long ago). I wouldn't dream of using another iron at home. Quick, dependable, and durable. I have a tile floor and dropped it several times, and it keeps on working! (I don't recommend dropping it on a tile floor) Over the past 25 years I've used Rowenta products, they are worth every penny!
 This iron actually makes ironing less of a chore. The absolute BEST iron I have ever owned! Gets the job done right and with the least amount of fuss!
 I've never owned a Rowena iron before and sure regret having waited so long to buy one! This iron is fantastic!! The steam function works great, iron heats very fast and presses pants with ease. Leaves nice sharp creases with little to no effort. Makes ironing almost enjoyable. If I had to find something to point out negative I'd say the water tank is a bit small but considering how well this iron is designed and functions I wouldn't pass on it for this reason.
 First one leaked immediately and was returned to amazon. Second one started leaking two months later, after return window had expired. Heading for the garbage. Very disappointed in the quality of this German made product. Looks like Rowenta's quality control was "made in China".
 Love it
 Best iron ever.. I just got a chance to use it after all this r time
 Wonderful quilters iron.
 We do not use tap water as our water is so of calcium
 This thing kicks some serious wrinkles in no time at all. Super fast heat up and easy to set steam and temp settings. Everything an iron should be. I wish it had a retractable cord, but that is an easy trade for a great looking shirt in less than 2 minutes from plug in to out the door.
 It is too heavy for travel. It is harder to manure at home with ironing
 Heats up fast, not heavy. It does use a lot of water for steam per item, reservoir near empty after ironing shirt once (perhaps that's not a bad thing, as it shows that the steam is that powerful). Anyway, I'm satisfied.
 Love this iron. I use it every day to iron my products that I embroider before sending them out to customers. It gets hot very quickly, and also cools down when it has been idle for awhile (which is great for my forgetful self!)
 Working well, so far.  This is my 5th Rowenta iron.  They leak after a few years, but I gather that all the various makers' irons do the same. Only 4 stars because I cannot predict how long it will last before IT leaks.  Otherwise, I like the balance and the weight of the iron and the steam feature works very well.
 Amazing product!  I am so glad I decided to get a Rowenta after my previous iron broke. Well worth the price!  It is easy to use, clean, and easy to navigate through all of the different functions.  One fun fact about this iron is that it can also double as a pretty powerful steamer.  A++!
 This is a great product! I have waited for a long time to find a quality iron. When I researched this one, I knew I had found what I was looking for. You will not regret this purchase!
 Perfect replacement for my dead Black and Decker.
 Excellent iron, no doubt. A little heavy and the base is too narrow. It's already fallen off my ironing board on to my tile floor. Fortunately, it didn't break!  Awkward to poor water in it with the iron flat.
 Ordered this a long time ago and it still works great!
 Good Quality. Accurate Temperature Control, Water Chamber is Sealed, Point at Top of Iron Allows You to Iron Around Top Button of a Men's Shirt, Solid Feel But, Not Too Heavy. Can Be Used Vertically to Steam Hanging Garments to Knock Out Wrinkles Rather Than Ironing. Auto Off Feature for Safety. Expect this Iron to Last for Many Years. Very Happy!
 This is easily the best iron I have ever owned.  Great quality product. German engineering at its best. Great iron love the steamer.
 I just bought it and so far I could not be happier.
 This is the best iron I've ever had. My only criticism is that it doesn't have an on/off switch so i purchased an extension cord with a switch.
 Powerful steam, smooth-gliding soleplates and performs great.
 Best iron I've had.  So far so good.  Great steam, easy to control and no leaking like our last Rowenta.
 This iron is amazing! I iron my clothes every day so believe me when I say this is the best iron I've used.  Glides smoothly, regulates temperature well, steam is even and doesn't burst too much and hardly leaves and clothes shine!!
 Bought this for my mom as a gift. She loves it and hasn't complained about any of the features. It heats up super fast and gets the wrinkles out lickedy split!
 I called it the Ferrari of irons when I gave it to my wife. She just rolled her eyes...but she really does like it a lot. 10 points for the husband, and from this review you just know I need all the points I can get.
 you should try it!
 Bought in January and doesn't get a lot of use.  The steam button is broken.  Hoping Rowenta has a warranty and will replace.  The first Rowenta I had was bought in 1997 and made it all the way to January 2018.  Too bad this one didn't make it a year.
 Im very disappointed how I received this item shipped from amazon but that has nothing to do with the product. It’s a great iron, happy I purchased it.
 After a year and a month of daily use, my Rowenta DW5080 died. It was a great iron. I wish it could have lasted longer. I paid $84.99 for it on July 8, 2016 and on August 8, 2017, it shuffled off this mortal coil.  While an iron that survives longer than a year and a month would be nice, if you do the math, its lifespan only cost me approximately 21 cents a day, which is a bargain for the short, short life of an otherwise great iron.
 I had the same $20 walmart iron for about 10 years. Im a sew
 This is my second Rowenta iron.  I had the older model and loved it!  My daughter needed an iron so I gave my iron to her and ordered myself the newer model.  Ironing has never been so easy and fun until I got this iron.  My daughter loves the old one and I love this one just as much as the old one.  Things get done twice as fast and a much better job.  Highly recommended!!!!!
 Great iron.
 Do a lot of ironing and have had a rowenta for many years. Finally decided I wanted this one with the 400 steam holes and have not been dissapointed. Passed on my old model to my daughter-in-law who now was hooked the first time she used it. This company makes a great iron and using the right iron not only speeds up the ironing, but also makes ironing seem less like druggery.
 Very nice iron. Is holding up well
 Only problem I have is bumping the steam selector dial while ironing - not a deal breaker as this is a very nice iron.
 As expected<br/>Excellent
 love it, worth the extra money over cheap Irons.
 Just received this iron and there are fingerprints all over it, scratches, water marks and other marks on it before even getting out of the box...I bought this new but it looks like it's been used already.
 The extra steam holes are great. Shape is conducive to tight spots on shirts. Heats up quickly. Does the job.
 Solid quality iron.  One of my least favorite things to do.  But if I have to, thankfully this thing makes life easier.
 So far so good. Lots of steam. Irons great.
 Dependable quality iron with excellent features.  Recommend highly.
 Full five stars so far. I bought this to replace a T Fall iron that I was on my third one, because of recurrent problems.
 This is a nice iron but not nearly as nice as my old one, which I still use.  Maybe I chose poorly.
 It does a great job of getting out wrinkles with the steam button. You do have to refill tank often if you use that feature. Happy with purchase.
 Large, heavy, requires less effort
 Best iron I’ve ever used.  Pay the extra money and enjoy it.
 Like the steam this iron puts put you can steam out delicate silk with out touching the fabric
 1st time using this type of iron and we love it.
 Great Iron
 This is a great, solid iron so far.  I sew for fun, mostly clothes, and the extra sharp point is useful for tiny places.  My big complaint is that is is VERY loud when on the steam setting, but WOW does it produce some intense steam!  WAY better than the $25 Black and Decker I had been using.
 Awesome!!  I LOVE this iron!!!  Works so well, I look forward to ironing.  Does a great job with any fabric, and does it in half the time!!!
 Great steam,  abundant steam,  like it.<br/>Dial showing temperatures for various fibers (wool,  cotton,  etc.} Is not easily read,  colorors distract (I think it is gold with pastel letters,  or some such combo.  Instruction papeerwork hard to deciphe.
 Rowenta has done it again...designed a well-thought out product: easy to fill, balanced weight, excellent steam power, excellent spray power, large-capacity water container.
 Love this iron!  It replaces an older model Rowenta, which went to one of my children.  This iron is used 99% of the time for quilting projects and is great for all of the necessary pressing.
 Impressive
 Nailed It!!!
 Love this iron. Perfect weight &amp; does a great job.
 I went from using an ancient black and decker iron to this. This is magical. The most amazing iron I've ever used. I iron lots of clothing and this is so perfect. It puts out lots of steam. You can iron out a piece so effortlessly. I recommend this toto all.
 great on wrinkles and easy ironing. Like the self cleaner and being able to use tap water
 I love this iron and wish I could give it 5 stars, but after 3 years of use, it has a short in it. This is supposed to be a high quality iron that should last much longer. The warranty has expired, so now I'll have to replace it. Disappointed...Rowentas typically last much longer.
 Rowenta makes the best irons &amp; this one is just as good as my last one- that i am now using to iron cloths. This new one is used to do my quilting which requires more ironing that my cloths. Love it &amp; the cleaner kit is nice to have to keep it beautiful and fix any goop i get on it from piecing. Recommend this iron
 Great iron lots of holes for steam
 Purchased for a Christmas gift and the steam button has already broken (within 6 months of purchase).  For the price, I would have expected much longer durability.
 Good iron
 This is the best iron on the market in my opinion.
 Very bad  experience with this item i use the iron for 3 weeks and the power cord overheated and burn. Now am stuck using a cheap iron from wal mart after paying all this money for this item.
 Top of the line iron. Very well made. Worth every penny. This is the brand used on Project Runway.
 I purchased this iron of May this year and it has already stopped working. I'm extremely disappointed and would like my money back.
 Great iron for the money! Love the water spout to fill resavior
 My still checking the iron but so far she complain about poor quality plastic and it's leeks water
 This iron is awesome! I typically don't write reviews, but I feel like this product is worth writing about.<br/>I iron several cotton garments every day, and the iron gets out the wrinkles much more quickly and is more<br/>efficient. I don't feel like I have to continually re-iron. The 400 holes for the steam work great but it does use<br/>a lot of water. It cuts my ironing time by half.<br/>If you iron a lot like I do, this iron is for you.
 Second one I've purchased.  Best iron ever
 I do all my own ironing as my wife has few things she needs ironed.  By far, this is the best iron I have used yet.  Good weight to it so you don't have to press on in to get wrinkles out.  Steam comes from 400 holes, plenty of steam!  No extra bells and whistles that are not needed.
 This iron has leaked from the day I unpacked it.  It doesn't matter what temperature or steam setting it is on, it leaks from the toe of the iron causing me to spend way more time ironing than I have to.
 I have never had a Rowenta iron before this one. First, I'll say I'm 73 years old so I've had a lot of irons. Ive had this one a little over a month and this is by far the best iron I've ever used! It heats up quickly and the controls are out of the way so that you're not accidentally changing the temperature like the Kenmore I had before. The steam is unbelievable! It has cut my ironing time in half.  If there is any negative at all it's that you have to add water frequently (every 3 pieces or so) but that's a small price to pay for the result you get! LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS IRON!
 Great iron. Never thought I would review an iron but we like it.
 It's a little hard to see the water level because that portion of the iron is quite dark--on my old Rowenta it was easier to see the water level.  Also, the water spout lid is slightly difficult to lift.  I do really like the many steam spouts and it makes whatever I'm ironing lie very flat.  All in all, I'm happy with my purchase.
 Not the lightest  iron, but totally worth it for the performance factor!  Steams beautifully and if you follow the directions you won't have any problems with spitting, etc.  Not all Rowentas are  made in Germany; this model is and you simply can't beat Amazon's price (as usual).  Highly recommend!
 All the irons for the pas thirty years have been Rowenta. They have been worth the extra money. I have not had this one long enough to consider a five star. Will up date later.
 Leaked from the start, only got hot occasionally after 1.5 years of light use (1-2x/month). Would never buy another product from this company
 Great
 If ironing didn't suck enough as is, why screw around with an inferior product and prolong the agony?  Daily A-List executive interactions ironer here - this is a home run.  Period.  Side note:  buy some starch too!  Rowenta nailed it.
 Wife said it's the best iron she's ever had.  And believe me, we've bought our share.
 Just a fantastic iron - best I've ever owned and I am very happy with my purchase.
 OMG best iron ever.
 WOW!  I love this iron.  Powerful steam bursts .... no leaks ... glides so nice.  No surprise for a German made iron.  Quality made.  If you are in the market for a new iron grab one of these.  You will not be disappointed.
 This is one fantastic iron.  It steams like crazy and yet the amount of steam can be adjusted.  It uses tap water.  It has a narrow pointed tip which is handy when ironing shirts.  I wash a lot of fabrics for my quilts, and this iron makes them look so much better than any iron I've ever had.
 Heats up fast; Steam is powerful, Surface is large - I get ironing done so fast!
 Great product
 My husband irons his clothes everyday. He didn’t a reliable good iron. This is jist that.
 I've had these irons for years, but the quality is not what it used to be.  After only about 3.months, this iron started leaking and spewing water everywhere.  The one I have at home is about 2 years old and has stopped working altogether.  I will never buy another one of these irons.  Lori Lindsey
 Fabulous iron! Thought I would never forgive my husband for dropping my last Rowena, but this is even BETTER!
 this is a very good iron so far but true measure is how long it works so stay tuned.
 This iron is probably the best that we have ever owned.  Everything works beautifully and it feels well made and substantial.  We hope that it last for some time.
 I love my iron.  The only thing I find is wrong with it is it weighs a ton and I am a very small person but, it really does a great job.
 This was given as a gift. The recipient loved it! Good feel in hand, nice weight and it looks good.
 Love it!  Not too heavy, holds a lot of water, gets rid of wrinkles quickly.
 quit working after a few months.
 It handles the most stubborn fabrics perfectly!
 Rowenta makes the best irons due partly in fact they are heavier than most brands and just straight out flatten wrinkles out of your clothes. Very dependable, built like a rock. Uses tap water, NOT distilled. Follow instructions and should last a long time for you.
 This is an awesome iron! I use it everyday to iron my kids clothes and husbands button down work shirts. He has to wear suits everyday so it's important that he looks sharp! Soon after receiving our iron my husbands suit coat was wrinkled after being sat on by one of the kids. Our other iron didn't have a powerful steam function but this one did an amazing job! Got the wrinkles out quickly!
 Excellent iron!  The steam holes cover the sole plate providing so much better coverage than my old Rowenta!  Highly recommend this iron to anyone!
 Great iron, my only small complaint would be the cord does not have any way of storing, just hangs down without a clip.
 Great iron! Smooth surface. Good quality. I would like to get the Rowenta with the cord that goes inside, but I like to iron and this iron works great on my cottons and other more delicate fabrics.
 This iron gives off some serious steam. Love how it irons my clothes. It is definitely a good buy!
 I read the reviews associated with this iron before purchasing it, especially the negative ones. Most of the complaints were common with the majority of things nowadays, they aren't made like they use to be. I ordered this iron and a few other things from Amazon knowing that I could return it if there were any issues. The package arrived quickly and smartly packed. I am loving this iron!!! It gives off a lot of steam with no spitting or leaking!!! I recommend you try this iron if you are looking for one now. You too will love ironing with this Rowenta!!!
 Awesome Iron. Cannot recommend enough. This does use a lot of water but no staining and very little leaking and that is with me pressing the steam button on top frequently. Heavy and durable feeling.
 The iron is not as heavy as we thought it would be. Since this a recent purchase the longevity is uncertain, however the effectiveness of the product is outstanding. We hope this one will last.
 I love this iron.  I have used Rowenta irons for twenty five years.  This is the best of all.  You have control of all aspects of how you want the iron to perform.  The temperature control is infinite.  The amount of steam is adjustable or automatic.. The soleplate seems very easy to care for.  The steam and heat distribution along the soleplate is excellent.
 Rowenta is the brand I have trusted for over 20 years. And I was able to "step up " this year ! Why did I wait so long ! This is the best iron I have ever  owned. The 400 stean vents are surely a time saver. I am a seamstress. I make and sell Dog Crate Covers<br/>out of home decor fabric. This iron make my seams flat with one pass over.No need for extra sprays. Flat the first time. The oversized tank is also a pleasing benefit. Not so many refils. I absolutely Love the large cover at the filling point of the iron. The others have broken off. This one seams like it locks down. The swivel cord is also a blessing !<br/>Rowenta, you have com a long way ! I am a customer for life !<br/>ChildrenWithPaws
 the unit has not dissapointed; heats up quickly and generates a lot of steam, recovering quickly from intermittent steam bursts.
 Big upgrade from my previous iron.  Heavy enough that it takes less effort, and the steam is consistent and wide-spread.<br/>If you are currently using an iron you bought to save a few bucks, you will be pleasantly surprised.  Worth the extra $.
 This iron isn't petite (a little heavier than I wanted. It it sure is. Ice to use.  Powerful.  I really like it
 This is the best iron I have ever used. A little heavier than my previous irons, but now I see why it needs to be, as it quickly irons our wrinkles.
 Two years and the water is leaking out. I only used tap water per manufacturers instructions. A waste of $90!!!
 The disadvantage is the need to use tap water.  We have hard water so need a water softener.  The iron instruction advises not to use purified or softened water, just tap water.
 So far it seems to be working very well.  Heats up quick, irons fast, and no leaks.
 Love it!  Very sturdy and heavy.
 This is one of the best irons you can have.  This is my second time ordering this iron. It gets every wrinkle out with just the steam that comes out<br/>I gave my first iron to my mom .Rowenta professional iron is the  best .
 Good price
 great iron. this iron is fantastic. It irons clothes in no time flat and does a very good job .
 The iron leaks water from the bottom all over the board and fabric .  totally does not work properly.  I want a refund.
 We have owned an earlier version of the Rowenta for some years, and it performed very well.  When it finally quit working, we ordered the same brand, and it promises to be as great as the first one.  I highly recommend this brand of iron.
 I used to have a Panasonic iron which worked very well for 3 years <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Panasonic-NI-E300TR-U-Shape-Titanium-Soleplate-Steam-Dry-Iron/dp/B0053XMU3E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Panasonic NI-E300TR  U-Shape Titanium Soleplate Steam-Dry Iron</a><br/>However, when it started leaking water and I saw this on discount I bought it. Rowenta is a reputable company and the deal was great. However, I am not very happy with the iron. It doesn't iron as well as the other iron. Doesn't retain heat well and it doesn't retain water. I have to refill it every day. Also, the auto steam function soaks the cloth even at the lowest setting. I had problems with the one iron and I replaced it and have exactly the same problem with the other. Maybe I am just unlucky
 Amazing, exactly what I needed!  Great iron!
 My last Rowenta iron died after about 15 years. I bought a different brand to replace it and wished I hadn't waster the money on a lesser quality iron. When I saw this one on sale, I jumped at the opportunity to once again have an iron that does the job I want. Love Rowenta!!
 Still leaks H2O. I bought this for my wife because she was tiered of water dripping out of the iron. I thought a more expensive iron would solve the problem. FAILED.
 Purchased this iron to replace an old cheap iron. This iron preforms well. Produces a good amount of stream ( lots of holes) which is helpful for ironing but means you need to refill the water much more often than other irons. It has a the required settings. Overall good.
 Gift for my mom.  And she loves it!!!  She wanted something heavy that worked great on hard to iron fabrics.  She said clothes came out as nice as if they were sent to the dry cleaners.  And in less time than it took to iron with her old iron.
 This iron is probably the best iron I've ever owned for removing creases! This is a must buy for everyone!
 Very nice product.  Meets all my expectations.
 Don't usually get excited about an iron, but this thing is amazing.  Feels like you're ironing with a Mercedes.
 This is the one made in Germany and it is every thing I could wish.  I purchased the one from China several years before this purchase and had to throw it out.  Read the descriptions carefully to make sure you purchase the one made in Germany, you will be pleased.
 Very good product and very easy to use. The steam works much better than the older one I had. Recommend this product.
 I still iron, and I've been using the Rowenta brand for decades, owning 2 others so far. They press all types of material, including jeans, beautifully.  They are more expensive than most and slightly heavier but do a great job! Make sure it's made in Germany  though!
 Amazing iron!  This is the first time we have really invested in one and it makes all the difference.  We are expecting to keep this for many years.
 Had to send it back. Arrived broken- the hatch to the water reservoir was broken off
 Have had several of this brand over the decades.  Yes, I'm one of those people who iron wrinkles out and proud of it.  This is a good price and quality steam iron that lasts.
 This iron stopped working after about a year and a half. It does not heat properly and profusely leaks water once added to the reservoir. I contacted Rowenta who was unwilling to do anything about the situation. For the price, I would NOT recommend this iron.
 Found out I ruined my other Rowenta by not properly maintaining it.  Make sure you follow directions for use and storage or you'll wind up buying a new one sooner that you should.
 What an amazing iron. It is much heavier than I anticipated. Initially, that worried me. However, I ran it over my shirt once and it was completely, nicely ironed. Cut my ironing time in half.
 I love this iron. The little point can iron tiny places and the fact that it requires tap water instead of distilled water makes life so much easier. I found I love Rowenta irons and cannot use another brand now.
 This iron worked great for the first few months of use. Now it leaks water everywhere. I have tried all the troubleshooting suggests in the owners manual and nothing seems to fix the problem.
 This is a great iron! Too bad it is not made in America.
 This iron started leaking out the bottom after only having it not quite a year and I don't do much ironing!
 I LOVE my new Rowenta iron. I used it for the first time today. I swipe and the wrinkles are gone. I can’t get over it. I can iron in half the time because you only have to press each section once. I am very impressed!!!
 This is the second time Rowenta model failed within a year. Th extended protection I took was of no use. Asurion will kick you out and ask to call Rowenta.  Thinking of never to buy Rowenta again..
 Only brand we buy!
 Love this iron. I have always bought cheeper brand irons, because I didn't want to spend the money. But this is worth it. So heavy and well made. Its can get in the corners to make my husbands shirts look crisp and new. Recommend this.
 Although I have only used a few times, the quality if far superior to many irons similar in price.  It is a real steam iron.  I remember my aunt who did a lot of sewing and showed me how to use a steam iron properly (press and lift, totally different than dry ironing where you push along the fabric). If you haven't used a real steam iron before, it does take some getting used to and you may want to set the steam to a lower setting until you remember how you are suppose to iron with a REAL steam iron
 Damn it! Forgot to check if it was a retractable cord and it wasn’t.. the cord is pretty extreme just like the iron.
 I purchased this iron in January 2014 and have loved using it - problem is today it sprung a leak at the base of the iron and when I researched this problem online - I find that this is a very common issue with the Rowenta's.  Needless to say I am extremely disappointed.  For an iron to only last 2 years is not acceptable.
 Had a Rowenta iron for many years before it died , this one is even better. We have well water and I always used<br/>bottled distilled water and continue to do so. Take care of it and you will get every Pennys worth out of it.
 Best iron ever
 I am unsure about how many Rowenta iron's I have purchased. However, this iron along with the many others, never seem to last very long. This particular iron lasted two years before water started leaking from its base. Without water, the iron is somewhat useless due to the strength of the Rowenta iron's are in there steam. I love how a Rowenta iron presses - unlike any other iron I have owned. I personally think they should last longer.
 I hate ironing and have always used Rowenta irons and this is my 3rd replacement with newer features and great steaming ability
 Almost didnt get it because i thot it was too pricey for an iron, but you get what you pay for. This iron is great. Very smooth bottom, generous steam distribution, light, auto shut-off gives you peace of mind. I hope it lasts 10 years like my old iron.
 heats quickly and glides over clothes smoothly
 The iron is great.  The only con that I really have is the distance from the handle to the temperature dial.  It's too close so my thumb has a tendency to hit the dial and it moves up to the linen setting.  Very annoying.  I'm trying to remember not to put my thumb under the handle but after 60 years of ironing it's hard to change.  Other than that no complaints.
 this is the best iron that I have ever owned.  All of those steam holes make ironing even bulky items easy.
 Best iron ever! And to top it off, I received it at a great price! Got to be watching out for those deals on Amazon!
 High quality iron, good steam production its weight reduces need for pressing hard to get good creases.
 I iron frequently. Rowenta has always been my go-to brand for an iron.  This was reasonably priced AND smooth, AND does not sputter water!
 Automatically shuts down after about 2-3 min of use.  I dont know why.
 I wanted to like it, but I can’t get it to turn on without constantly touching<br/>the cord.  I think this iron is defective.
 Muy buena
 I love this iron.  It has great steam, but with a flip of a switch you can turn off steam.  Great for quilting.  Quick heating too.
 I've had several Rowena irons over the years. This one is by far the best one I've ever owned. Really gets out those wrinkles!
 It's perfect!  Love any steam iron that will take the wrinkles out of cotton!  Hope to have this one for a long time!
 It irons well but the design is flawed...the temperature dial hits your fingers and turns when you iron, sometimes it leaks water, and it tips over easily... not worth $80
 Steam function excellent, which is what I bought it for. It does seem heavier than necessary.
 The spring that holds the water cap broke after less than two weeks with minimal use. The iron itself worked fine, but the metal spring going into a plastic holder is a poor design. Now I have to return it. I would recommend looking for a different iron.
 But for a Christmas gift and he loves it
 I really like this iron. Best one ever.
 Sleek styling, easy glide, good steam, auto off. Used this iron while staying with friends and had to buy one for myself. Makes the job of ironing actually enjoyable- with the right tool!
 Favorite iron EVER! I see and this iron is the best I’ve ever used thus far!
 Excellent quality, form, and function. Love it.
 Great quality, best iron I’ve ever owned
 This is so good. Our old iron simply did nothing compared to this one. If wanted the steam is amazing!
 Great iron!
 I love this iron. My first one fell off the ironing board and cracked. I re-purchased it and will be placing it on a counter top instead of the ironing board when re-position my clothing. Presses beautifully, easily, and quickly. One complaint: it is difficult to read the heat setting dial under the handle.
 The old one sprang a leak. Only Rowenta will do. My wife is happy!
 I loved this iron, but within the first year I had an issue where the cord rotates and the iron would shut off at certain angles. It was still under warranty and after 2 months of holding my iron hostage, Rowenta finally mailed my iron back to me. Now about a year after it was fixed... the same issue is happening again. Does Rowenta have an ongoing problem with their power cord socket?
 I love the amount of steam holes. Also, its weight make ironing so easy
 LOVE this iron.  I have three irons and each is used for different type projects:  quilting, crafts, etc.  This one is for quilting and sewing and does an amazing job. If you are looking for a quality iron, always check to see how many steam holes it has. This one has 400!
 Well made
 Love the steam. Takes a lot f water, but I like it.
 Love my Rowenta.  I tried another new iron recently but it leaked all over the place.  There is no leaking with this one and it does a great job.  After reading other reviews about the Rowentas made in China I looked for one made in Germany.  Glad I did----I've already been disappointed in other items made in China and now always look for different ones.
 Crappy iron. Steam button keeps getting stuck. Rowenta says it takes a month for the repair. Not worth it for the money.
 This iron is AMAZING!  For those of you who love to iron and find it as relaxing as I do, this one will get the job done right every time.  Fast heating, superb steam, and multiple controls for all types of fabric.
 I am using this as my sewing iron. Steam function works well. Heavier than my former plastic type iron, but I expect this one will last a long time.
 Lasted a little over a year.  Leaks water.  "Fixed" by Rowenta service, started leaking again.<br/><br/>Save your money and buy a better quality iron - there has to be better out there!
 Perfect
 When i got this, it was not new one<br/>Some places was scratched-_-
 Not cheap, but working well and really nice handling (except for location of temp dial). No dripping of water in steam mode unless filled too high in reservoir.
 So far I really like my iron. I don't iron much and I haven't tested it for any sewing projects.  But the steam works great.
 Not as much steam as the pro model, but works very well. We had two pro models die after a couple of years, so we decided to try this model since it had the lowest percentage of negative reviews.
 You must pull your thumb back or you'll spray your clothes by accident. Steams really well. I've had 3 Rowentas in the last 20 years<br/>.I'm sold on there performance
 GREAT!
 Works Great
 Various amounts of steam available.  Irons nice pleats on sleeves!  Husband noticed immediate difference!  It is a HUGE iron.  Works easily. Very nice point in the front.  Scratches very easily on the sole plate.  I noticed a slight scratch the second time that I used it.  Probably from a button.  Water reservoir is a little hard to fill.  I measure out one cup in a measuring cut of faucet water and sit the iron like I'm ironing to fill it.
 Best iron I have ever owned.  Don't like ironing but this makes it a breeze.  German workmanship at its best.  Always excellent<br/>quality.  Worth the price..will have it for a lifetime.
 Wife loves this new iron.  Well built, large iron bottom and the auto-turn off feature is great.  The fact that tipping the iron over to turn it back on well done as well.  Would recommend this purchase to others.
 My iron was 14 years old. I had no idea how bad my old iron was until I used the Rowenta the first time. It is amazing as it glides over my clothes like butter! The steam produced is probably 1,000 times more than my old iron. I'm glad I spent the extra money and purchased the high end iron!
 Did not live up to Rowenta quality.  Kept spuirting brown residue even after cleaning.  Very disappointed.  Didn't last long.
 Does the job ironing great!
 It uses a lot of water for steam though
 Dont want to change my stars as it is an incredible iron, but wish I'd have waited a couple of days because it appeared on the Prime Day at 1/2 price - how sad was I.
 Awesome product. Well worth the money and a great company.
 rowenta irons are fabulous have tried a lot of the cheaper irons but the rowentas work the best
 Highly recommend this iron.  My wife has used Rowenta for many years; this one was not only the right price, but was lighter and moved with great ease.
 I don't iron very often, but my housekeeper likes this iron a lot.
 Out performs any iron I've ever owned!...couldn't be happier if I'd have purchased a Porsche!  The heat adjustment is superb and the steam function is off the charts GREAT!
 Nice iron.
 Very big<br/>Very heavy
 This iron heats so much faster than my old iron did. Wish I had bought a Rowenta years ago!
 It's ok...I was expecting something awesome....an inexpensive black and Decker is just as good as this.
 This iron has power!  Really excellent steam and much hotter than my old Rowenta.  Love it.
 I am astounded by how well this iron works. What used to require repeated strokes from my old iron now takes a single stroke. German made so the quality far surpasses the junk from China. Well worth the price because it will last for years.
 For me it’s too heavy and it doesn’t  make a big difference compared to another irons
 Only the best if you iron a lot . Great steam and not as heavy as I expected. Rowenta is the only iron to buy!!!
 This is  beautiful iron aesthetically as well as function. I love the really pointed tip to get into tiny spaces easily. Give a lot of heat and steam. I would definitely recommend this iron,
 Bought in December 2015. Lasted until March 2017. Cord connecting at iron has deteriorated and iron no longer maintains function. Goes on and off. This is the second Rowenta to do this. Time to move on to another brand.
 Very good product
 I upgraded to this from a cheaper iron I had had for a few years.  This really was a whole different level.  I know it is pricey for an iron, but it genuinely does save you time when ironing.  Highly recommend.
 I got one that stopped working after couple usages and had to replace. The second iron I got works fine, and I am very happy with the functionality and ergonomics. Ironing became a pleasure!
 Love the pointed front. Good steam for ironing and to steam press my husbands pants while they are hanging up.
 What a great fast heating iron. No leaking problems as other reviews mentioned. I am very pleased with this purchase.
 well worth the price!!!!! wonderful iron works great. i highly reccommend
 ...but my wife likes it.
 This iron does everything well. Far superior to every other iron I have ever used. Large capacity water resevour means one fill up for your entire work load. The preferred iron for sewers. I love it.
 Purchased this after much research in Oct. 2016, it was expensive after all. Many reviews said buy this model because it's the German made Rowenta, better quality. It's also supposed to be drip proof. After a month of using lightly, and after exceeding the return date, its urinating all over my clothing. I'm irritated to say the least. It steams and presses well however, it leaks water from different holes on the iron plate at random. It's supposed to be non drip!!!! My $35 iron this replaced leaked less after dropping it. I've tried adjusting heat levels and levels of steam and still it spits and drools all over my shirts and pants. Maybe I should've tried the Chinese manufactured Rowenta. Disappointing.
 Flat iron shuts off (as advertised) a little too quick and it reheats a little too slow when youre ready to press again.
 The best iron on the planet!!! I hope I have it for the rest of my life😋 I have always used a black<br/>And decker old fashioned silver and black iron.
 Awesome iron
 Smooth surface - and the cord is long enough.  I've only used it a couple of times, but it seems well made and it worked well.
 I had no idea what I was missing!! My previous iron took all but me standing on it to get wrinkles out. This works like a dream. I keep coming up with more things I can iron just to see it do its magic. And, it is made in Germany. I bought this model over the cheaper one for this reason.
 I like it however the design leaves a little to be desired.  The spray and steam buttons on top come so far back on the handle I keep pushing them by mistake unless I keep my hand back on the handle.  Other than that I would give it 5 stars
 This is the second iron that we have received. The steam that comes out is great.
 I am not sure I know anyone who likes to iron but if you need one, this one is durable.  I love the weight of it as it presses nicely on the clothes.
 We like it a lot. It was an replacement for the Rowenta Steamer after it died.  Plus it cost less than the steamer.
 Daughter specified this as a Christmas gift and it did not disappoint, she is very happy with it's performance.
 Presses very well - like the front of the iron that fits into small spaces. It gets hotter than any iron I have ever had and the controls are very easy to use. Wish it had a retractable cord.
 Love all of the steam holes. Great iron!
 I had Rowenta Professional for 10 years before this and their products are excellent.  This ones "hotness" is somewhat lower than my older iron, hence 4 stars.  It is an excellent value for money.
 Heavy duty iron that makes prepping clothing easy work.
 Love it! It’s almost like a perfect steamer.
 The best iron I have ever owned does what it is supposed to do without much effort
 WOW!  The best iron I have ever used
 Love how fast it irons everything from pillowcases to button downs to dress slacks! Whatever the need, this iron is magic! Puts out a LOT of steam, so it uses water! Good thing is, it's easy to fill &amp; uses tap water.
 Works like a charm; great steam right at the outset and no dreaded water leaks while ironing.
 After owning the iron for 20 months, the iron stopped heating.  Source of the problem is a short in the cord.  Rowenta warranty is only one year.  Rowenta estimated repair to be $30 - $50 plus shipping.  Nearly the cost of a new iron.  Do not recommend Rowenta.
 I love this iron!  With its' 400 steam holes you get an all-over steam effect on your fabric unlike my other irons where there were gaps and I had to keep moving the iron.  It heats up really quickly and is just the right weight to set seams.  I am a quilter and it sets and presses seams crisply.<br/>I would recommend this iron to anyone who enjoys ironing and especially to those who don't as this will make your ironing experience more enjoyable.
 Nice iron, heats up fast. Only complaint is that my fingers bump the temperature dial and change the setting a lot.
 My last "new" iron leaked.  I sew a lot and my iron is a tool of the trade.  It's so frustrating when you're ironing small pieces of fabric and the iron is leaking all over the ironing board!  My new Rowenta is a Cadillac for sure!  Has a nice weight, heats quickly, produces hot steam quickly and feels great in your hand.  I would recommend to anyone looking to upgrade their iron!
 Just get a good iron!!! I can't believe the difference this iron makes in quality of work and time saved because its quality is so good.
 Purchased in 2016, still a piece of junk. Cannot stop it from leaking when ironing or resting. I simply don't understand why it does this or why Rowenta can't correct its ongoing problem.  Read other reviews, most say the same thing. Spits water when using steam, just a mess. This one going in trash after 2 years, outrageous!
 Much better than the iron it replaced.  I will never buy a cheap iron again.  No more burbling or boiling over, Easy to use, reliable heat.
 The  Rowenta DW5080 Focus Steam Iron is a very good durable iron. I have yet to own one with such quality. I have to tell you  that mind uses a lot of water but<br/>provides powerful steam, which makes up for it. I would give it six stars.
 I love it
 After my last Rowenta decided to spring a leak, this was the replacement that I went with.  Although this is a "step down" model compared to the one that I had before, I've been very happy with this so far.
 Great heavy iron. Heats great and gets the job done.
 I love this product. It is easy to use and irons great.
 Extremely happy with the iron. Actually makes my ironing work more enjoyable, it's smooth and does a great job, with much less effort than with my previous ones. Would highly recommend it.
 I really like all the steam holes in the Roweta, seams are nice and flat when quilting.  Even though it has auto off it heats up pretty quickly when needed.
 Awesome,  I love the steam this iron puts out.  I am ironing faster than ever before. The creases are crisper, pleats are much more pronounced than before.  Worth every penny.
 Wow this irons like a dream! I can't believe all the time I wasted with my cheap iron. This is fabulous!
 I like it overall but one thing it says I can work without using water while practically it does not work like a proper iron when steam is off.  If there is any way or method to use it without water please share.
 Easy to use
 Good iron but started leaking water exactly 13 months after purchase -just after the warranty expires.<br/><br/>Disappointing from such a good brand and expensive iron
 I love this iron! It is heavy duty, a breeze to use and so far I have no issues. Filling the water supply is easy, I'm not sure why others think it's awkward, but I have no problem with it. This is a great buy and you will not procrastinate about your ironing anymore!!
 I love how smoothly and evenly this iron works!  The best iron I have ever owned!
 Great iron! Lots of steam and heats up fast ! Was brand new as described unlike a previous one i ordered...
 love this iron. Steam is really good. You have to put water in frequently.
 I only buy Rowenta irons. They may cost more but they last a long time. They do a super job of ironing. This particular one I have to set lower than my other one. It is okay once I figured that out.
 Works well, heavy duty, great steam. Glides easily. Perfect!
 Although I haven't had the iron for long, my dad always stated you get what you pay for. More expensive than other irons; however, you don't appear to have leakage like other irons end up doing. Quality at each step of building and this using.
 Purchased this iron to replace a previously owned Rowenta Iron.  The steam distribution across entire soleplate  allow for faster and more efficient ironing.  Love the new precision tip  which makes ironing around buttons a breeze.  This iron allows me to control both the heat and amount of steam desired with no spitting or leaking.  Vertical steam option is an added plus.<br/>I would never consider owning an iron other than Rowenta- it is definitely superior to other irons on the market.  For anyone new to Rowenta Irons, the weight of the iron(it's heavy) may at first be awkward. Once you have ironed with a Rowenta you will never want another iron.
 as a quilter I was very excited with the number of holes in this iron, allowing me a maximum amt of steam for preparing my block pieces. It worked great for six months when the water started , not leaking, but pouring out of the base where the cord attaches. Needless to say I panicked at the thought of all the hours of quilt block preparation ruined. this iron is only used for quilt block pressing and gets excellent care from this 78 year old quilter. There has been no abuse, dropping etc. to have caused this problem. I have had two other Rowenta irons in my lifetime , one of which leaked. After a good length of time I decided to give them another try. I will NEVER, NEVER buy another and will certainly never again recommend them to a fellow quilter or any other person who asks or doesn't ask.
 Great Iron.
 Needed a new iron and really like this Rowenta.  It really deserves 5 stars, but the instruction manual for the self cleaning function is a little confusing and is only displayed by pictures.  Does a great job in ironing though!
 Good Deal
 Rowena makes the best iron ever, period.
 I like my new Rowenta iron very much. I had previously owned another Rowenta and used it for over 10 years and wanted to continue with the brand. It feels very substantial and works extremely well. I was a little put off by the pointed front portion of the iron but it is very effective at getting into narrow spots like between buttons.  I was also pleased that it was manufactured in Germany.
 Less than 6 months in and the plastic water well is cracked making the product useless.  Not happy at all with the quality of this product.
 Had the iron for one month and my wife used it only one time. When I tried to use it again, the auto shut off was on and the iron stopped working. I tried to return it to Amazon, but I was one day too late ( 31 days instead of 30 days). The product looks great but is worthless at this time. May be I will use it as a paperweight. I will call the company tomorrow to see if they stand by their warranty.
 I returned this because it was just too heavy for me to use comfortably.  But the quality appears very good.
 great use it everyday
 I like it. I don't love it. I liked my Shark better. Just my preference. This however is an excellent product. Well made. I sew a lot and my iron is life to my projects.<br/><br/>My issues with it are these: it's a little to heavy, it's awkward to handle as I'm left handed, it doesn't seem to steam as well as the product description made it sound, and for as much as this iron costs, it does not come with it's own filler cup like a lot of irons do today. Not a big deal. I just used the one I had for my old Shark after I finally found it. I find it a little pricey. I don't see 80.00 worth of iron. However, if it lasts a long time, I'm sure that it will make up for the cost. A concern that I have with the new age irons are the sensors used to turn it back on when you pick it up. Those often become impacted or mess up. My shark was awesome and this is what went bad in it. The iron was fine it was the little sensor that turns it back on when you pick it back up. I'm hoping this won't become a problem with this iron as well. If so, I'll just go back to the ones you have to turn off by hand. Auto is great until something goes wrong. :)<br/><br/>The things I like about it are: It's simple to use, easy to fill, auto-shutoff (that's important for me, I forget and leave it on a lot), and the sharp front is easy to do fine lines like basting for quilting and clothes as well as corners. Over all it's a super great product if it weren't so awkward and a little to heavy for me.
 Just what I needed. Iron heats up quickly and irons great!!! This iron was suggested by a friend and it works so great.
 Lightweight and easy to use
 Best iron I've ever owned!!!  High quality; heavy duty!
 Nice iron<br/>Great design
 This is the best iron available. It heats quickly and has a lot of steam. I expect it will make my ironing chores much easier.
 Instructions are to use tap water not distilled; but our water is very hard and worry that it will clog this expensive iron.  Decided to use water from our Brita pitcher.
 The size seems large, but the weight and shape make it very easy to use.  It makes so much steam I have to keep a cup of water near the ironing board for quick refills.
 I thought this would supercede my existing Rowenta iron, but totally disappointed with the heat it produces and the steam it is supposed to emit and help with wrinkles and make ironed materials look good.
 This iron works well. I do wish it was 1800 Watt  though. It just does not seem to get hot enough for jeans and sturdy cotton sheets. Also the markings are a bit difficult to read. The makers should try black print instead. I am also wanting to know what effect would the use of spray starch have on the performance.
 FOR MYSELF GREAT PRICE
 Good iron I've used it well and taken care of it well for about 3 years now and it has held up. Does leak a little sometimes but overall still a good iron and worst the money.
 I bought this iron so I could steam block crochet projects, but it's such high quality I actually want to iron everything in my house... but I won't. Sturdy construction, tons of steam, sleek design. Couldn't ask for much more!
 it irons.  i dont have a ton of ironing experience but this thing seems to perform extremely well...
 This is a great iron!! It heats up quickly, produces the right amount of steam, it's appropriately heavy and doesn't leave any marks on the clothing. We have been buying and using purified, distilled water in order to avoid any line scale accumulation. Overall, I hate ironing but I love this iron!!!
 At about 15 months, my iron quit!  Auto shut off keeps it permanently off!  For the price, not what I expected of a Rowenta.
 It took me less time ironing clothes. Plenty of steam and kind of fun ironing clothes now.
 This is the most expensive iron I have ever bought. it consumes A LOT of water. A lot of steam. This is a good thing.<br/>However, if you push the steam multiple times, it leaks water instead. It's a good iron, but it should be sold for 35 USD not 75.
 This is a great iron, just the right weight and bulk to get the job done. It shuts off automatically, but the good news is that it reheats very quickly. Smooth surface with a helpful pointy tip to get into corners.
 Expensive but worth it.  Very good quality and function.  Wife had to think hard to identify anything needing improvement, and that is she wishes the control knob was a bit bigger.
 great iron.  I had my old one for almost 30 years and used it almost every day.  This iron is well worth the money.  came on time
 I bought one for my wife and one for my mother. Great product.
 I was so excited to receive my new Rowenta iron.  Great features.
 Very bad iron. Water comming from button all the time and ruin cloth! Very disappointed!
 This is absolutely the best iron I have ever used.  It does not drip, it cuts itself off.  The  instructions that are included are very clear.  There is also places to call if there are problems.  It is like another wonderful piece of German  workmanship.  I would highly recommend it!
 Excellent product
 Great iron! fast and easy to use.
 Terrific iron!
 I do a lot of sewing and this iron is the best I ever had.
 I don't like the design but the iron is light and works.
 Great unit! Great price!
 I am over the moon with my new steam iron.  It's what I have always wanted.  I am a sewer and quilter so it is making that craft more pleasurable too.  I can't believe how wonderful fabric feels after being ironed with this marvelous little machine.  Effortless.
 So far no issues
 Easy to use, really gets out the wrinkles without much effort.  Best iron we have ever owned.
 My wife love this iron
 Ironing is a pleasure with this appliance. I was surprised at how I did not mind ironing. In the past? I hated it. Who knew it was the iron??
 it works &amp; doesn't sputter all over the ironing
 I bought this iron online because it had all the features I wanted in a new iron and there wasn't a similar one available in town for me to try.  Unfortunately, the iron is too heavy--even without water--and the handle at too much of an angle for me to use comfortably, so I'm still shopping and using my old one in the meantime.
 I own almost nothing but cotton shirts.  My goal was to be able to iron them without spraying water on them or having to iron them when still damp.  Problem solved.  This iron produces the perfect amount of steam to do the trick.  It is heavy weight for a good press and glides easy.  I am very happy I bought it.
 I have bought several of this model and the same thing happened-it starts to leak. The last one I purchased started to leak after only 6 months! I definitely do not recommend it!
 I have been looking for a good iron and this is definitely one of the best investments I've made on appliances. The steam on this iron is so powerful that I find myself ironing and steaming my clothes quicker than ever!
 Works great.  Very sharp creases.  Put out lots of steam.  I like this iron.
 I had high expectations for this item and I was not disappointed when I tried it out for the first time. I used to spend a good 30 minutes everyday ironing my shirts with my old Black &amp; Decker, trying not to burn them while still getting the wrinkles out. Now I spend 5 (tops!) and my shirts look like I had them done professionally, plus I don't have to work about scorch or drip marks. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for a great steam iron.
 Very easy to fill and use. This replaced an older model Rowena which we had for years.  The manufacturer added many useful features which were not available when the last iron was purchased.  Instead of distilled water, tap water is to be used with this iron.
 I purchased this iron less than 2 years ago and it's been pouring out water for over a year each time I iron. I contacted the company and there only suggestion was to clean it. I iron almost daily. Disappointed that I paid 80 dollars and its defective. I would love it if it worked properly.
 Haven’t had it long but everything works great so far!
 Love this iron!
 This is my second Rowenta iron. I have always found them to be the best irons around. Unfortunately, this one seems to drip onto the clothing I am ironing sometimes. The spots do dry quickly, but I am a bit disappointed. I would however recommend Rowenta irons.
 Great Quality Iron that steams through the toughest of garments to have your hard to iron garments ready in a matter of minutes. Strongly recommended product.
 LOVE IT! Nice heavy weight, lots of steam when I want it. Auto shut off.  Good German engineering.  Worth every $$
 Awesome! Didn't know what I was missing with my basic iron. Shirts come out looking great!
 But I still HATE ironing!
 ummm, not usually one to review anything at all, let alone an iron, but this one really is amazing and saves time (granted my last one was horrible). Steam works reliably and it heats up quickly. Guess I'm not quite as bad as ironing as I thought.
 The water reservoir is small and needs to be refilled often if steam pressing.  It makes quite a bit of noise every time it is righted after pressing.
 one of the best
 After my cheap iron blew up I decided to get a nice iron.  Wow!  I had no idea how much time I was wasting going over and over items, and when I was finished they still looked like they needed to be pressed with that other iron.  So I was pleased this iron worked so well.  I thought it would be heavy but it seems nicely balanced, and since it works so fast my arm is less fatigued.  It does use a lot of water but since it uses tap water that is not a problem for me.  I'm very pleased with it.
 LOVE this iron! It does a fabulous job and heats quickly. Best I have ever owned, and I've owned a few.
 very good iron
 Damaged my clothes, I'm now missing my Sunbeam iron that did the job well
 Love this iron, it works great, got it at a great price too.  Never had a Rowenta iron before and I will never get another brand after using this one.
 A really great iron! Love the temp it gets to very quickly and love the pointed front for those areas that need them.
 Bought in July.  Spits drops on garments.  I have called them 4 times.  Tried various combinations of water, including spring water.  Now they want me to send it in for repairs, which would take six weeks at least. I tried to return it to Amazon and they will not accept after August. I would need to buy an iron to use waiting for repairs, and more cost.  Cheaper to buy a cheap iron, so it only lasts a couple years.  I am ready to throw it in the garbage bin.  It also uses 2 cups of water for six garments!  I am so tired of the junk we are being sold today.
 Pleased
 Best iron ever!  I purposely get my clothes wrinkled just so I can iron.  Highly recommend!!
 it was a great iron for about the first 8 months then this iron starts leaking from the back ,i would not purchase this iron or this  brand again , very disappointed, as it had good reviews
 Best Rowenta iron we have owned.  Would definitely purchase again.
 If it is possible for an iron to be awesome- this is !!  By far the best iron I have ever owned
 Works fine, very convenient. Temperature regulator needs to be lockable, because it is very easy to move dale while grabbing the top handle during ironing.
 Cuts ironing time drastically!
 wife loves it
 Replacing one(Rowenta) with another. This new iron gets hot very quick for my quilt piecing. Can’t be happier with it.
 I bought this iron "used -- like new" and it does not work. It was clearly returned by a customer who did or did not report that it does not work and then resold. Iron does not stay warm, does not steam. Clearly it is a faulty device.
 Me agrado mucho
 Heats up fast and produces a lot of steam.
 Rowenta makes a good iron.  I love the tip on this iron.  It isn't a  big iron; it's a just right iron.  It heats up quickly and its steam and spray functions work well.
 Stinks - Sprays water not mist!  Avoid!
 This Iron is FANTASTIC.  Don't buy the cheap crap from Walmart that lasts 6 months.  This one is a Winner!
 I've had this iron for two and a half years, but now it has a scary electrical short and can't be used (per Rowenta customer service). I googled "Rowenta iron electric short" and found a vast history of similar customer problems. Rowenta's phone rep said the iron has no off setting (the dial just goes to minimum, not off) and must be unplugged after every use. I had read the owner's manual and couldn't find this info -- it's in wordless illustrations under "iron storage." (I had already been frustrated trying to interpret that manual's pictures for cleaning the iron.) This iron would have been unsafe to use, however, even if I had kept it unplugged -- it shorted out during a thunderstorm while it was plugged into a surge protector.<br/><br/>As a professional seamstress I've used this iron a lot, loving the abundant steam (the iron takes lots of water and puts out a fantastic amount of steam) but hating how the steam turns off every time the thermostat comes on during constant ironing. I paid $89 for this iron in 2013, but have seen it on Amazon since for around $49. I'm switching back to Panasonic irons -- their cordless iron has lasted me nearly 20 years!
 Love these irons. Had my old one for years before it needed to be replaced. Pricey but worth it.
 Bought this only 6 months ago and it's already not working. So disappointed I even bought the warranty but they are giving me the run around!
 Very nice iron. Major issue is..... it is difficult to read the settings because they are under the handle.  Need to tilt the iron to see them.
 Another great iron Rowenta!
 I love this iron. It gives a lot of steam and does mot leak.
 This iron makes the older styles obsolete with all of the steam holes.  It takes wrinkles out fast and easy.  The water level is easy to see and easy to fill.  I won't use my old iron again.  Love the auto shut off too.
 Great iron! No leaking (it's something I was worried about after some reviews)! Very powerful!
 This is not my favorite Rowenta Iron, runs out of water too soon.
 I love the iron but I have only had the iron about 9 months and the cord has a short in it. I have to move it around to get the iron to turn on.
 Great iron. Powerful and  makes ironing go much quicker than my old iron!!!!
 This is a super iron.  Great steam control and the water lasts.  We like wearing cotton and this iron makes the work quick &amp; easy
 The iron was to heavy for my wrist. Otherwise it was a very sleek iron, my neighbor absolutely loves hers!
 I was tired of buying cheap irons and decided to try this iron after reading the reviews, and all I can say is I love it. I would buy this iron again.
 Wife loves it
 Best iron I have ever owned, I sew and use the iron everyday.
 Ironing
 Great lots of steam
 Best Iron I've ever owned.  Only complaint is the lettering on the temp. dial is very light so a bit hard to read.
 I'm so happy I finally invested in a Rowenta iron! Many reviews had recommended the DW5080. I really like the ease ,weight and design of this iron. I highly recommend.
 The iron is heavy weight. I’ve had no problems. I use it for normal ironing and quilting. The iron heat settings have reduced the amount of starch I use.
 Love this iron!  Works great doesn't spill on clothes! Very happy
 I love it...love the color and style.  Exactly what I was looking for.  Didn't come with a cup like other irons this brand normally do. :(
 Best iron we've owned
 Order arrived on time and was exactly as advertised.
 Finally, an iron that really, really works well. It came highly recommended to me by a friend who is a quilter and a sewer. She swears by this iron and thus far, I can concur.
 Started leaking water out of the bottom. Only used a few times a week for 2 years. Second rowenta in a row w this issue. Will not purchase again.
 My husband is the ironer in our family, he like creases in everything and lots of starch ,so he needs a good dependable iron, this one works great, lots of steam and I like the light weight of it,<br/>Good choice  Thanks
 I would not buy this iron again. I have had 3 in the past 2 years. All three leak water, and two have shorted out. So disappointed in Rowenta.
 Amazing iron!! great with all kinds of clothes or materialsl, warms up so fast no complaints!
 Works perfectly
 I have used Rowenta Iron in the past and it served me well.  It finally gave out and I tried a different brand that I wont mention and I am back to Rowenta.  Rowenta is a well made item and like it states in another review please make sure that you get the ones that' is made in Germany,
 Best iron on the market.....LOVE IT!!!!!! Plenty of steam!!!
 So far the best iron we've had.  I tend to change the setting with my index finger for some reason.
 I am a huge Rowenta fan.  I have been using the Rowenta DG 8030 Steam Station for the past three years.  I love it, but as of late, I have been noticing deposits left on my uniforms, which I insist be white and perfectly pressed.  I followed all the manufacturer's instructions for cleaning it and use the Rowenta sole plate cleaner religiously.  I believe part of the problem is caused by deposits left on my clothes in the wash, so I've been adding white vinegar to a second rinse.  Nothing was working, so I decided to try the Rowenta DW5080 Focus based on the ratings.  I truly wanted to love this iron, but I was very disappointed.  To be fair to Rowenta, I believe that once you get used to using a steam station you can never go back.  I have a rotator cuff problem in my shoulder.  The steam stations are much lighter due to the fact that the water is not stored in the iron.  Much more steam is generated with the stations.  There is no need to use pressure when pressing because of the power and steam generated. The Focus was too heavy.  My arm and shoulder started to ache.  Also, water did spit onto the clothes although the description stated that it doesn't.  I am returning the Focus and will try, once again, to clean the steam station.  If that does not work, I will probably order a new steam station.  I love it that much.
 Great iron. Heats up fast. Great steam option. Auto off. We iron every day, and we love it!
 Love this iron, lots of steam and really removes wrinkles. I would definitely buy it again.
 Great iron. Balanced. Multiple settings w/ and w/o steam. Great shape.
 Wonderful product, steam is powerful, saves a lot of time ironing clothes. It does occasionally drop water when the steam first comes out, but does not hurt anything.
 Looks very nice and for about 5 minutes it ironed well. However - on the second shirt in a batch of five - water started dripping onto the fabric so I spent a large amount of time ironing over water spots (more than once). VERY disappointing, this Iron is to be returned!
 We stayed at a B&amp;B and we used their iron and liked it so much one was ordered before we left.
 A wonderful iron.  If you have to iron, do get a Rowenta.  Hopefully someday they will be a little lighter in weight, but it is the best iron I've ever had.....and I've been ironing for over 50 years.  :)
 Love this iron!  It makes ironing enjoyable!
 I run my own sewing business and use this iron about 50 times a day. I was looking to upgrade after I went through 4 irons in less than a year. I did some research and asked a few fellow entrepreneurs and this one came highly recommended. I have been using it for several months now and it is still going strong! It has all the features I like and I can't find one thing I dislike. It is definitely worth the money.
 Very good iron. Double the price of my last iron but well worth the price. No spitting water and heats up quickly. Happy with my purchase.
 Works great. Doesn't stick or grab the fabric.
 This iron was amazing for the first 10-12 months.  The ancient black and Decker that it replaced had lasted about 30 years. It wasn't broken, I just ...thought I could do better.  The Rowenta heated up incredibly fast, projected tons of steam, evenly. It pressed my shirts in HALF the time!<br/>And then it started staining things with random rust blobs, sandy calcium chunks, dripping water, spurting dirty water all over a white shirt at the END of ironing...I tried cleaning it out with vinegar, as the internet recommends(with pretty much everything) and just like every other attempt to clean anything with vinegar, all this did was stink up the house.  The iron itself has rusted. At under a year! For $80!
 Wanted a good steam iron.  The reviews for this iron were the best.  This is a very good iron but my wife complains about the weight.  I am going to look for a lighter weight Rowenta iron.
 Great iron. Better than what I expected. Love using it.
 This iron is very good. I just need ironing once and the clothes are great. I have no need to be working with iron long time . This Rowenta saves a lot of time and effort.
 Do not buy this item. Bought as a Christmas present for my Mom. From day one it leaked. I should say drained whether the iron was on or off. Tried to return but was past Amazon's 30 day  limit. Got nowhere with Rowenta either.
 Works just as advertised.
 This iron is every thing the ad says it is and it is a beautiful designed iron.  I just love the ease and smooth glide of the iron over my clothes.  it does everything the ad says it does.  I just love it!
 I purchased this iron in July 2011. It seemed to work fine for the first 5 months.  I am a quilter and so I use my iron for hours at a time and very often. It started leaking and then pouring water out of the bottom, so I could only fill about 1/4 full, then it just leaked, rather than poured out.  Last night it spit out a brown oily stain and ruined the backing I was preparing for one of my quilts - even with stain remover, it will not come out. I have tried other Rowenta irons (made in Germany, not the cheaper ones) and all have had problems, especially with leaking. I am very disappointed with this brand as German products are usually well made.
 This is such a nice iron. It is weighted well. I love using it because it not only has a good feel holding it but it steams well or not depending on my need and NEVER drips on my quilts. Highly recommend.
 Love it! Sorry I spent so much time and money on other brands. It makes ironing a quick and easy job (I won't go so far as saying fun).
 I am retired military and this is by far the best iron I have ever used.
 Lots of steam, my clothes press much faster and look much smoother than with my old iron.
 This is a great iron.
 We have found the Iron from Rowenta to be off the highest quality. The workmanship of the product the design features and the ease of use make this a quality product.
 Great item.  Love it...
 I loved Rowenta in the past but this iron was disappointing because the water filling hole does not close properly. I have to attach it with a ribbon. The rest of the iron works well, but you would expect this from a Rowenta.
 deserving of all the positive reviews!
 LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!
 Update: 9/2016 Almosr 2 years later and this iron still works great, just like brand new. I've never even ran the clean cycle, just empty the water after each use. To all the negative reviewers: ya'll ain't doin' it right.<br/><br/>Excellent product. You'll never spend $30.00 on an iron again. With this iron, the difference in what you get by spending a few bucks more is unbelievable. Buy this iron and you won't regret it.
 I had an older Rowenta that was a work horse but it finally died on me.  I purchased the DW5080 based on the reviews on Amazon and at first this iron was amazing.  It produced a ton of steam and made ironing much faster compared to the older iron.  However, after 5 and half months of use the iron is no longer producing any steam.  I have contacted Rowenta directly to see if they would fix it.  I will update this review after I hear back from them.
 A Rowenta iron that I have used for years finally died. Not the iron......it was still working great but the cord.  I decided it was time to upgrade since I had bought it so many years ago and I knew the new iron features would be so much better than what I was using. I love the larger plate with more steam holes.  I don't mind the frequent water refills because I know I will be able to get all those wrinkles out. Love, love love it !!!
 This is an excellent iron.  It irons very smoothly and doesn't leak water onto the clothes, which my last iron did.  It's heavy enough to feel substantial, but not too heavy to lift.  It doesn't take too long to heat.  I think that it is a very good value at this price.
 When my iron died a friend recommended a Rowenta.  This is my second one, I'll never buy another brand.
 I mainly purchaced this iron for the steam and the 400 hundred steam holes is a plus! Also I love the how the point is sharper than most irons! I would caution use on the highest heat when you are unfamiliar with it. I ironed over a tag on a curtain and it melted onto the heat plate. I just used Acetone to clean it and it looks as good as new! My last iron was a Black &amp; Decker Steam Pro and lasted me for 12 years and when it gave out I decided to upgrade. I iron almost everyday and the Rowenta has made a big step up in the speed of my work!
 This was a gift for my daughter and she loved it.  The steaming feature works great.  Irons easily. Makes ironing not a chore.
 This thing pours water out of the bottom, would return if still had the option.  DO NOT BUY........
 The best iron I've ever owned. I was really tired of having to iron the same spot over and over....so one evening I decided to google the highest rated iron and that is how i ended up purchasing the Rowenta. BEST decision ever!!! Cut my ironing time in half. I will stick with this brand from now on.
 The quality. It irons like nothing I’ve ever used
 Does everything very well
 There are several features I liked about this iron, but sometimes it is slow to start steaming after it has rested for a couple of minutes.  Love all the steam holes ... it does seem to do a better job pressing items.  I'm not sorry I bought it; just wish it was faster to respond at times.<br/><br/>Update 8/2017 ... After very little use, I have changed my rating to 2 stars.  There are several short-comings , some of which were mentioned in my original review.  I discovered that using steam on my patchwork will distort the blocks.  Shouldn't be a big deal ... just use the iron without steam, right?  Well, if you want a hot iron without steam, this isn't the best choice.  Without steam it doesn't get hot enough to press quilting cotton.  Additionally, it started leaking while using it as steam iron.  After reading recommendations on-line for a good quilting iron, i saw several comments expressing just what i had discovered ... one went so far as to say ALL Rowenta irons will leak.  I ordered the <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Shark-Ultimate-Professional-Iron-GI505/dp/B00GJB25XE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Shark Ultimate Professional Iron (GI505)</a> and so far so good.  Nice and hot on dry setting and does a good job pressing quilt blocks.  Being 1/2 the price of the Rowenta makes it an even better choice.
 great price and works great
 Steam feature Works great. Takes care of those tough wrinkles
 This iron weighted 50 lbs and I sent it back but failed to get a receipt and was charged again for it but have not iron...do not purchase this product!!!
 Leaks at the bottom after a year.
 Great iron!  Bottom stays really clean.
 I love the swivel cord, I love that you don't have to turn it off and on!
 Excellent purchase
 I bought this iron in September 2017 and it lasted only until January 2019.  It leaks water and the sole plate doesn’t get hot.  I will never buy another Rowenta iron.
 I looove to iron now! I actually feel like a professional with this thing. I've cut ironing time to half. I even iron my hubby's undies just to keep on ironing. He is happy 😊
 I sew therefore I iron...a lot. This is one of the best irons I've ever used. Strong steam, easy to use controls, easy to fill, long cord...it's the Cadillac of irons!
 great price, great machine
 I am so happy I spent the "extra" money to buy this iron!  I did not know what I was missing out until I ironed with the DW5080 for the first time.  This iron is consistent and does a great job on all types of fabric.  Do yourself a favor and buy this now!!!
 Mama loves it what else is there to say
 2nd Rowenta we've owned.  Had last one for 14 years.  Love the ease of handling with the 5080 and the pointed front for tight ironing spaces.
 Best Iron I have ever used.
 Puts put a lot of steam works great. Only downfall is uses lots of water as well
 This is a great iron and worth the higher price.  This iron is hotter than the cheaper brands and really presses clothes well.  This is my second Rowenta...the first lasted 15 years!  Great product!
 Love it, simple, functional and feels really good.
 Like the product. Don't like finding a message on my phone that a package was delivered an hour ago and handed to a resident. Then finding the package on the front porch.
 Best dang iron I've ever used. I do all of my ironing (because dry cleaners use too much starch). This fine device cut my time on dress shirts from 8-10 minutes to 5 minutes. I love it!
 Very good quality for the money. No leaks.
 I like it. Easy to use and good performance!
 Its a rowenta . What else needs to be said !
 Best iron I`ve ever owned in my 79 years.
 Excellent product for an excellent price I love my new iron the only but is the steam it's not very strong when you use it vertical I tried to do it with my husbands dressing shirt and didn't notice any difference in the wrinkles but it's a good buy I recommend it
 So far so good - I purchased this to replace an old Rowenta Streamline that I have had for over ten years and just stopped wroking.  The iron is heavy, but not so heavy as to be unusable.  I would prefer a longer cord, but it works for my ironing set up.  I used it for the first time yesterday as part of my sewing and it works very well.  The shot of steam is perfect and the large number of holes in the sole plate is amazing.  I like the locking cover over the fill hole - My old one did not have that.  The water level is easy to see and the dial is clearly labeled (although polyester is not listed).  The direction booklet relies heavily on pictures (some of them too small to see clearly).  It could use some written directions as well.
 Great product. Remove wrinkles in less time than other irons.
 To iron clothes
 Great iron! Wonderful for quilting!
 Been ironing for 4 decades and this is the best iron I have ever used.  No spitting, leaking.  Great steam.  Pants, shirts look like they came from the cleaners, with crisp creases.  Works great with tap water as recommended.  No more need to buy distilled.  Great iron and highly recommended.
 Love the easy grip and the great outcome. Does need to be cleaned when I use spray starch.
 Amazing iron!!!
 Nice iron.
 It irons fabrics as described.
 Love it, good price
 excellent
 I’ve owned this for less than a year. I returned the first one because it died. It’s too late to return this one, but it’s spewing brown water now. Apparently that’s the end of an iron’s life. Pretty expensive for such a short life.
 Awesome! We loved it and how efficient it is! Heats up really fast and doesn't leak.
 Every now and then you buy something and wished you had done it long ago.  A joy to use and well made product
 This thing is a beast.
 DO NOT buy an iron unless it is a Rewenta.  They are the best iron's ever!  Especially for sewing and quilting!  :-)
 Purchased this to replace another one and I still love this iron.
 Does everything you could want in an iron of this type. Does not leak or spit if used correctly and is very good at getting into tight spots to iron.
 Perfect iron. It works so well!
 An absolute surprise - I ordere d this iron in desperation when I "BIG" iron was in for repair - well I am still using this iron and absolutely love it!
 The iron works well. Heats up fast. The water tank holds enough water however, the plastic that the tank is made of breaks easily. Mine had a minor fall, about 3 ft onto carpeted floors, and now there seems to be some sort of internal damage and water is leaking out of the base. While the iron is still working, it's practically useless.
 So far I've been impressed. I've had neck surgeries causing some weakness in my arms so I was concerned it would be too heavy but it doesn't seem to be - it's heavy enough to help get the wrinkles out easier, taking less time and that actually helps more than a lighter weight iron.
 I foresee this lasting a long time. Build quality seems excellent. I'll update the review if this thing dies on me in a few years
 I returned this iron because it does not get nearly as hot as my old Professional Rowenta (I guess they don't make them anymore). I ended up with the Rowenta 8181, and it is much better, although I have only used it once so far, as I just got it.
 Great Product
 At first when I purchased this iron I was expecting a miracle or something.  The reviews were so grand about one swipe, and the wrinkles were gone.  I did not find this to be accurate.  The only true way for me to get out a wrinkle is to pre-wet the area, so after much testing, the miraculous iron was not so miraculous after all; however, with that said, the steam is awesome and I like this iron way more than my last one because it gets hotter... all the better to burn my fingers with, but I still like this iron a great deal!
 I noticed that  iron disperses the steam very quickly, have to refill with water quite frequently.
 Watch the price.  It goes up and down with no form of reasoning.  I got it for 69$ the next day, it was 42$.
 LOVE this iron. I had no idea how fun ironing can be with the right tools. This really is nice to use.
 I love my Rowenta iron. It's a little heavier than what I'm use to but it irons your clothes extremely well. It does not take as long because it does so well on the first pass over of the garment. It's also saving me money on my dry cleaning. I can startch and iron my clothes better than the cleaners!
 Best iron I have tried yet. Makes steam ironing quick and easy.
 I am totally satified and pleased with the Rowenta Focus Iron.  It has tons of steam and heat. More than enough to tackle tough wrinkles on dress shirts or any other garment.  It is a little heavy but that helps when you are pressing denim or thick material.<br/>I am sooo glad I ordered this one.
 Good dependable iron. Fast heating. Have had it now for 3 or so months, I use occasionally, and am very happy with it.
 could not figure out how to cut off the auto-off feature.  Too complicated.  Returned the item
 I like it a lot.  It is very smooth when I iron, the only drawback, it doesn't seem to get as hot as my old iron, and this one has a higher wattage.  However, it still does a great job and probably the best Iron I've ever had so far.
 Producto de buena calidad, muy buena marca y buen diseño
 Does a great job but it is heavy.
 It makes my ironing easier, somehow. Although it is quite heavy, I can easily manage the wrinkles on our clothes because of the steam and sprinkler. You can also adjust the amout of steam level depending on the type of clothes you iron. I would recommend this steam iron.
 I bought this iron from Amazon in October, 2012. Two years and a few months later, it began to leak while I was in the middle of ironing my grandson's shirt.  I've had two Rowentas before and was very satisified with them. I am puzzled by the fact that this iron did not last. Also, Rowenta tends to discontinue their models far too quickly. Now, they're getting bigger and more cumbersome.  Of course I checked to see if there was any chance of replacing my present iron. But, I learned that Amazon's return policy for my iron was only for one month.  Disappointing. When it worked, it did a perfect job. (I enjoy ironing.)  But, to have only lasted for such a short period of time, makes me wary of replacing my iron with another Rowenta.
 Great product, saw it on Project Runway and knew I had to have it. It works better than any iron I've ever had. Now I know why all the professionals use this brand.
 Worked for one week! Plug it in and after about 8-10 seconds it auto shuts off and the red light (auto off) flashes indefinitely until I unplug it. It’s JUNK! Don’t waste your money!
 This is my best iron ever.
 Auto shutoff “feature” shuts the iron off after barely having time to iron one item. Soooooo frustrating.
 Failed in about a year and half.  I guess it’s a cheap made “throw away”. Don’t expect it to last.
 I love Rowenta irons, used my last one for 25 years.  It finally stopped working, so I replaced it with this one.  They may be a little more expensive than other irons, but since my last one hung around for 25 years, it is a bargain.
 great iron
 Best clothes iron that I have ever owned.  Unfortunately, some are now being made in China but the originals are made in Germany.  Hopefully the quality will stay up.  The front cover to the water inlet is the only problem that I've had as it cracked and would not stay closed.  I contacted Rowenta via email and they sent me a prepaid shipping label via email to ship the iron to Rowenta servicing center in SC for repair.  I received it back in full working order in a couple of weeks.  Still would buy again.  I like the powerful steam, weight, and high temperature and this was the reason for purchase.
 I really the size and weight of the iron.  Operation is simple and easy to use.  Heats up fast.  I would recommend the iron to a friend.
 The iron is great however its kind of difficult to put the water in for steam. I had to purchase a funnel.
 By FAR the BEST iron I have ever owned. I'm highly impressed with the smoothness, the weight, and the ease of use.
 Awesome
 Only one we use.
 Was a good buy and the wife is still getting used to it. She had the same brand<br/>before and it lasted many years. This one is a little  heavier but works well.<br/>Rowenta is rated well in consumer comments.
 Just as described, great price, and arrived just in time. Thank you!
 This thing irons wrinkles so good. I had this one wrinkle in my favorite slacks and I was told to use an iron.. I used this iron and wa laa wrinkles gone.
 Too heavy to handle. Did not enjoy ironing with it. My $20 iron is good enough.
 This is a great iron.  Works beautifully as long as you follow the instructions about not overfilling or not waiting to let the iron heat up enough when using the steam feature.  Shirts come out looking very professionally ironed.  Does have some rather tedius and elaborate instructions about cleaning the iron every couple of weeks to keep it in good condition.  I guess when you pay that kind of money you should spend the time and effort to keep it working for a long time.
 Iron works great and occasionally leaks water while ironing if you move it too fast. It does a great job on clothes though!
 Love it!
 Awkward to fill water tank. Big and bulky for small hands.
 Without a doubt the best iron I ever bought. Great steam! Great price!
 Love the iron. Does not spit ,leak , or scorch. Great steam decreases ironing time and spraying .  Need to have s water supply close though as steam quickly empties the water chamber. I don't find that to be a problem personally
 I never thought I could actually love a iron but I have to admit I do. It has cut my ironing time easily by a third of the time
 Product stopped working completely after just over 1 year.
 love the iron. Only problem is I can not really see the measurement of the water, so not sure Where the level is.
 GREAT PRODUCT &amp; PRICE.
 Awesome product, I can get my work done much faster with this iron
 Works great.
 Absolutely love this iron!!!
 it gets hot fast and stays hot.
 Best iron I have ever owned, it's simple so nothing can break. And it's functional so my clothes look great.
 Water leaking from base, only had iron 3 mths.
 seems to be fine, plenty of steam, no leaks.. I gave ROWENTA only 4 stars because this iron replaced my three year old Rowenta that quit. A $80 iron should last more than 3 years.
 So far so good.  It makes ironing so much faster.  The small top of iron makes it easy to iron in those tight places.
 Love it! Only wish it came with a water pouring cup, and didn't think to get the one with wire recoil option. Still an amazing iron though
 I bought this iron in January, 2015.  Been frustrated with the spits of steam, but lived with it.  Then about 2 weeks ago it started smelling and<br/>leaking some brown liquid that stained my shirt.  I usually use steam, but did not want to take a chance with another shirt, so I turned it off.  It does not heat properly and I have to use it on linen setting for everything now because the heat is intermittant.  Very disappointed and do not recommend this iron.  I should have looked under Rowenta and fire hazard, then saved my money for a better brand.
 After using a Rowenta iron, one never wants to go back to any other brand.
 Very good quality iron . Works well good steam.
 Great iron but a little expensive.<br/>Produces great steam
 This is my 3rd and last Rowenta iron. My last one started leaking water after a few years. This new one started leaking before it was a month old. I did read about this on the reviews but thought maybe I would get a good one. No such luck. Now I need to find a new iron or use this one without steam.
 Best iron I've ever owned. It heats up fast and works perfectly!
 After the first use my husband liked it v much , he didn't had to press the other side of the garment , spray and steam very good , reasonable price.
 The best iron I have ever owned.  Seriously invest in this.  my scrubs look great and in less time and effort
 Perfect
 Works very well.
 what i love about the rowenta steam iron, is the auto - off and microsteam 400 with the stainless steel soleplate along with the variable steam.
 Best Iron Ever!!
 Too Heavy for me.
 Love this iron works great.
 I have never left a review on any product before now  but this iron has impressed me so, that I just wanted to share. I make quilts and have never been able to get those nice flat seams until now. I really love this steam iron!
 Love it! Worth the money!!!!
 It's not the most amazing thing I've ever bought but it does iron clothes... we'll see about reliability.
 My second Rowenta! (The first one lasted me over 10 years!) I love the quality of this brand and don't mind paying a little extra for something that I must use each and every day!
 Nice heavy iron but it does drip and leaks dirty water. I think there are better ones out there for the price.
 Greatest iron
 Best iron I've ever purchased
 excelent product
 Wonderful iron!  It is well weighted, easy to use, and Rowenta has designed the steam compartment so that it is much easier to fill than the older irons.
 I am a seamstress, so I use this everyday. So far I'm loving it!
 This is the best iron I have own. The only drawback is having to fill it with water often since the steaming works so great. Good investment!
 The best iron I have ever owned.
 Excellent item, use this while quilting, makes ironing so easy, it's steam setting is very powerful.
 One of the best iron I ever had.  Running smoothly when ironing pants and dress shirts.  It’s a great product, so far more than one month using it.
 Never knew ironing could be so good til I purchased this gem.
 Started leaking the first time I used it.  Have had Rowenta irons in the past - not sure why I bought another...not good irons.
 I love The Rowenta brand!!
 This is an awesome iron. I don't know why I have been spending my money on 2 year specials. Fast heating and a great shape for pressing. Tons of steam on demand. I am actually looking forward to ironing.
 Rowenta is a fantastic iron.  your ironing board needs a little more padding, because it steams so well
 Love this iron. I was leary because a lot of reviews said this model leaked. I am happy to say mine does not.
 I was skeptical buying a new iron, my last one was ten years old. Who knew there'd been so many advances in iron technology! Buy this iron! It's amaaaaazing!!
 Just as described.Love everything about this iron! Classy looking! Quick delivery! Better price on Amazon than QVC!
 This is my favorite iron. I hated ironing until now, this is as great as advertised.
 This iron is AWESOME!  I really like the steaming feature!
 Seems to be a good iron but a little heavier than I would have liked
 made in high quality but it didn't come not brand new. Seems like someone has opened it.
 The iron performs nicely, heating up really quickly, but the water comes out of the well regardless of the water level in the iron.  I would not recommend purchase of this product if you are looking for an iron that steams your clothes because this one leaks water all over them.
 Heats up quickly. Easy to clean the plate when it gets put onto to wrong fabric by mistake (my bad). Steam is very widespread and the burst is strong enough to penetrate the thickest denim. I actually don't hate ironing anymore.
 finally, an iron that works really well!!! every setting does what it's supposed to,be sure that the Rowenta you buy is made in Germany.
 love this iron and it is very pretty
 Love, love this product.  Very durable and a great product.
 I have used Black and Decker for the past 10 years.  Has to return the latest use to it being too lite. Tried three more brands and returned them too. Purchased Rowenta and love, love, love it!!!
 Worth it!
 Finally, I find a good iron. It is like winning the Lottery.
 Rownta is excellent brand.
 I needed a new iron and I am so glad I choose this one.  I quilt and its perfect for steam pressing too
 Nothing
 Great iron. It heats quickly, and evenly.
 Love it! Do not regret one penny.  I iron a lot of dress shirts for my husband and have ruined several with cheap irons. Have not had one mishap with this iron.  Wish I would have gotten this one a long time ago.
 Love it
 Have been a Rowena customer for 30 years had 2 irons that lasted me more than 10 years and this one is the best one ever
 Works absolutely fine.
 The iron leaks water and gets the clothes wet. Steam has delay. Had better luck and performance with less expensive Shark
 Great product
 German design and quality. Enough said.
 This is a great iron - only down side is in order to be great it uses water like crazy so every 10 minutes you're filling it up again.
 Best iron we have ever had. Excellent product
 A great weight.Good steam output, lots of settings for different types of fabric.
 simply the best. better than all the rest.
 The best iron I have ever owned. This is a high quality product.
 very happy with this
 This iron is in a word AWESOME!! That is a quote from my wife.  She spent 22 years in the Army Ironing uniforms each day, Just to let you know I polished our boots each day.  She love it.
 Perfect
 the BMW of irons
 Powerful and well-designed.
 This is the only iron ,I will buy , because it's does what I bought it for .It's great sewing, quilting,is what I bought it for ,it's stands up to its name.<br/>Sue.
 Gets the wrinkles out, steams great, love it
 This is a wonderful iron. Love the design, and the fact I can use tap water
 my wife loves it, it gets hot in seconds.
 perfect in every way.
 Excellent iron. Well worth the purchase! Can't been believe I haven't thought of buying this before I did, but now I'll gladly spread the word!
 👍🏻
 love it
 Made in Germany and irons like a Mercedes. They seriously don't make them like this anymore.. Amazing metal, amazing weight, and irons in 1/2 the time of cheaper models.
 Does a great job on linens. Already got caught needing the auto-off feature (and it worked!)
 This iron really gets the wrinkles out.
 I just rec'd this iron and used it for the time.  The iron produces so much steam, it makes ironing go so much faster!  Wrinkles just seem to disappear with one sweep of the iron.<br/><br/>I would highly recommend the iron - it is well worth the money~
 Great
 Love it, does a great job easy to hold, plenty of cord once it's plugged in.  Plenty of steam also, got this to replace my cordless iron, so glad I did this is so much better!
 Works great!!! Even cut down on my ironing time. Shipped in a regular box from the store and arrived opened, which made me nervous about it being damaged. Everything looks fine so far and have already ironed 10 articles of clothing with great results.
 Works great best iron I have ever owned lots of steam would recommend to all..
 Does the job good . The steam is great.  Simply buy it
 This is a great iron.  I bought because my last Rowenta lasted over ten years and I and my family of four use it every day.  The steam on this iron is incredible.  Buy it!
 Excellent
 This iron completely stopped working (won't heat up at all) after only 6 months!  What a disgraceful product this is.  I will never buy Rowenta again especially because I don't think I can exchange it.
 I have always been a fan of Rowenta. We bought another brand recently and it was subpar.
 I've never given a product review before, but I must this time! It's an amazing iron. For anyone who's on the fence about buying one - don't be. I put it off for years because of the cost, but it's more than worth it. The steam is amazing, and the design makes ironing very, very easy. I wish I'd bought one years ago.
 This is the best iron I've ever bought. I definitely would recommend this iron.
 Too heavy!!! I have to press a lot of clothes with my 3 kids and my arm and hand were exhausted while trying this.
 As advertised. It's an iron! It works.
 love this iron and so far it is great
 Love it
 We love it!! Best iron we've purchased so far! :)
 I love this iron! I'm on a well with very hard water, so I had to get a gallon of "tap water" from a friend in town. A bit inconvenient, but worth the effort. Iron works like a dream. It replaces a very old Rowenta iron and I wouldn't buy any other brand.
 Great iron, couple months in and no leaking; excellent steam and power.  Lost a star due to hitting the heat setting dial with hand unintentionally during ironing, causing mild annoyance.
 LOVE IT LOVE LOVE LOVE IT ...
 Great steaming iron!
 My second Rowenta, a bit heavier than the last one, but has all the features I love and ironing is going much faster than it did before.  The only other thing that is a bit difficult is filling the iron with water.  I need to use a tiny funnel held over the fill hole so need two hands to do it.
 This is product of good quality.
 Had this iron for several months now and it does a great job. Tremendous amount of steam generated. I use this iron daily for my white dress shirts and it has performed very well. This isn't your normal department store iron. A little more expensive but well worth it.
 This is the best iron I ever used. No issues whatsoever except you need to use more water than other brands. Worth the money!
 This is my second Rowenta.  The cord on my first one broke after more than twenty years!  The iron still worked very well up until that time. I would  never have anything but the Made in Germany Rowenta iron!  I absolutely love it!
 really like it so far.  great steam, lots of vents.
 This was a great iron. The steam button now gets stuck. I'm disappointed it lasted less then a year.
 Within three months, only slight use, it got cracked and now it is leaking water. Looking forward if we can still return it.
 Works great and the quality of Iron is just supurb! It is somewhat on the large side for a press but it makes up for it with quality ironing.
 I love that this iron is heavy but yet easy to maneuver
 This iron works like a dream! It’s so easy to work with and have cut my regular ironing time in half! Definitely worth five stars!!!!!
 Good product. A little lighter than previous model.
 No problems, but this is Rowenta and don't expect and problems.
 Best iron EVER
 Excellent Iron. Uses a lot of steam and irons out wrinkles with ease.
 Works wonderfully
 Everyone in my house uses my iron. The other one are collecting dust. Need to buy more.
 Wonderful iron.  Best there is.
 It is and has always been one of the best products in the market.
 I am very happy with the iron.
 Love it, iron is a breeze now with this one, the design is nice and comfortable to hold, has many features that helps with this chore.
 So far so good with this iron.  It puts out a lot of steam, and thats what I like in an iron. (The inverse is that it uses up a lot of water!) Easy to move around your ironing board, and cord is in a place where it doesn't get in the way.  Nice pointy nose so you can get into small spaces.  Thumbs up!
 Dropped the iron and all plastic parts fell apart !! Cannot get through to Rowenta!!<br/>Went back to my old Electrolux iron, which I had put away and dropped at least 10 times !! Obviously very disappointed in Rowenta
 Awesome product
 Best iron I’ve ever had.
 This iron is awesome.  We use it on shirts and it has a powerful steam and press on it.  I read alot of reviews about it leaking but haven't experienced that yet, (we have had the iron for two months).
 Love my IRON!!!  love the steamer, water spray and tiny point for small places and around decorations on my blouses.
 This is one of my favorite irons.  No complaints all smiles.
 I like this item.
 My wife and I love this iron.  It heats quickly and steams profusely (as promised).  Appears bulky but isn't and the weight is perfect for effortless ironing.
 Nice heavy iron with great steam output.  I have had this iron about 8 months with no issues.
 This is a very nice iron, one of the best I've ever had.  Irons quickly, with little effort, and you can fill the water dispenser without water running from iron.  Very nice, and I am very happy with purchase.<br/><br/>Iron also looks very rich...love...love....love...
 I have had this iron for less than 9 months. It worked brilliantly for the first 7.5 months, but water now pours from the bottom of it. I will have to be a new iron - but it won't be Rowenta!
 I just love this rowenta steam iron and there is nothing I dislike.
 I used it once and it good. It got the job done on my pants.
 Simply the best!.
 Less than a year old and it leaks and is now dangerous!
 Watch the wrinkles disappear!  For years I bought less-expensive irons but now I wonder why I ever did!  The amount of steam is great, making ironing so much faster than I have been used to.  It is light-weight, easy to handle and does a very nice job around buttons. I also notice that it does not sputter water so there are no wet spots to contend with.  I never thought I would enjoy ironing but I do now!
 Does exactly what it is supposed to do.  Seems to be a quality product.
 I love this iron for quilting. It does not shut off automatically so it is always ready.
 My thrid what more acn I say.
 Excellent Item!
 Great iron, doesn't leak water all over  my clothes. First one I got didn't work but return and replacement process was easy and the new one works fine.
 I have always used a Black and Decker which I like but when I quilt the holes on the bottom of the iron grabbed the fabric so I switched to this Rowenta because it had small holes on the plate and it works really well.  I have had another Rowenta before and it leaked after a awhile so I hope this one does not do the same thing.  I have not had it long enough to know yet, but so far it works like a gem.
 I dislike that this iron sputters or spit out water when not needed and sometimes fail to produce steam when needed.
 I love this iron. Nice weight, nice feel and great steam. Had it 6 months with no problems.
 A truly great iron.
 Was very effective in ironing our personal clothings. It was quicker than any other iron I have used before.
 My wife loves it.
 I have owned several of these over the years, they need to be replaced after several years. They start leaking water and I just buy a new one.
 Irons my clothes effortlessly.  Love this product, worth the money.
 Gets hot...provides good amount of steam. But it is very, heavy and no retractable cord.
 Love it. Works great
 Love color, really like the improvements in the sole plate. Light weight!
 I have been using the Rowenta Irons since 1994. The one I just purchased is my third.  The first one lasted 10 years, the second one 8 because I dropped it, not once, but twice before it gave out. Never have I had an iron last that long before replacing it.  Never have I had the results I get with the Rowenta with any other iron. I wear a lot of linen in the summer, so does my husband; we need the iron. I'm done in a few minutes without having to pre-sprinkle. The steam power is incredible. It's a must have. Worth the investment.
 great iron
 I have had several ROWENTA irons, they are the best irons I have ever used. I am disabled now and have some difficulty lifting it only because of my physical problems with my arms and shoulders, but would suggest this iron to anyone, you just may want to try lifting it at a local store if have arm and shoulder problems. Thanks
 I like the shape and many holes for steam.<br/>I dont think it is consistant in heating.  Sometimes it doesn't seem to heat as sell as other times.
 Very happy. Excellent, precise steam. Best price I could find, too.
 Best Iron I have ever had the pleasure of using.  This order came right to my door quickly and it was packaged very well. I cannot for the life of me imagine an easier way to buy products! Thanks for making my busy life less complicated!
 Love it!
 Worked great while it lasted.  No longer holds heat so does not provide a steam and water drips out.
 Great product. I enjoy using it.
 I love my Rowenta DW5089 Auto Shut off Iron.  It is a masterpiece of engineering.  I express my appreciation for the design skills and manufacturing processes that have gone into this product.  It's the second one I have purchased and though it was more expensive than the first one I purchased, I was happy to pay the difference.  I give it 5 stars!!!
 iron is good but the part that is removable broke after being removed a couple of times.
 Exactly what you would expect from Rowenta. Love all the steam holes.
 Wife is professional dressmaker and she gives it "thumbs up" evaluation
 I love this iron i dont need to gonto dry cleaning...
 It is a great product.
 Loved this iron when received and enjoyed its service for almost a year. Great steam and press!  Then almost like it was "programmed" to break down at the year mark it all of a sudden started to Drip water, spit water, and then leak large amounts of water out of the base!!  The malfunction came so quickly, I was shocked. I sew and sell handmade crafts and had to either spend lots of time trying to "fix" the damage caused by this malfunction or completely through it away. Thank goodness I purchased it through Amazon!  Their  customer service was fantastic!  This was a high end product retailing over the $100 price point, why can't it last at least a few years??  I had to split my review stars as it started our great and then in less than a year turned into a totally unusable iron. Thank you Amazon for turning my frustrating and agrivating life event into a smooth speedy resolved transaction!  I only hope Rowenta listens to the faithful users who love their products and make a product that lasts longer, as this seems to be the biggest complaint I see given by so many users!
 too heavy to handle. the steam not working well.
 Love this iron!! The best iron out there hands down!
 Great looking clothes but mine gets leaky.
 We like the quality and longevity of this appliance and would buy one in the future.
 Great
 Great iron
 Very good quality!
 Great value. Filling water is a pain though - there was no filling cup provided. The water inlet is too far back on the iron box to pour using regular bottles. Have to hold iron at an angle and fill to avoid spills.
 Love the design and functionality. It does a great job easily. Unfortunately, it makes a very irritating and disturbing noise.
 I love Rowenta.
 My wife loves it!!! She said it's just the right weight and it will get very hot if need be. Glad I made the purchase.<br/>Tommy Rennison
 This is a great iron, It takes me half the time compared to my old GE iron. I would definitely recommend that you try the Rowenta DW5080 1700 Watt Iron.
 Holiday gift - hope it's great!
 Will never go back to my Black and Decker ever again. Where has this iron been all my life?
 I've only been using it for about a week, but it seems like a real nice iron.
 Perfet Iron.  Heats up fast and stays hot.  Even irons linen easily.  Puts lots of steam into the fabric.
 Cant beat a Rowenta and the pointy end with steam in the point is awesome!
 I have been using this iron for over a week and it is the best iron I've ever used.
 This is a very sturdy iron. The steam ouput is great but you moght need to refill if ironing more than 3-4 shirts.
 BEST ROWENTA WE HAVE PURCHASED. WE'VE OWNED SEVERAL IN THE PAST.
 Excelente
 This iron is very new to me and I haven't used it very much yet.  I do like the Rowenta irons as I had one for 20 years.  The cord<br/>went bad but I think  I could have gotten it fixed - it is great to have a new Rowenta.
 Great iron
 I purchased this iron after using my sisters Rowenta iron. I love it, and it surpasses my expectations! One of the smartest purchases I've ever made. Purchasing it from Amazon cost me significantly less than other sites.
 Perfect.
 I just love this iron. It gets hot enough to get the wrinkles out of cotten without using a spray bottle. Gets the job done quickly.
 needs a bigger water tank - constantly having to refill
 I did a lot of research before purchasing this iron, and I have had it for a year now. I am consistently frustrated by the way that it leaks water. The water leak has caused rust build up, and has ruined my clothes and fabric. I do not recommend this iron.
 Best iron I ever bought hands down! The steam distribution is awesome....well done Rowenta!
 Loved it
 Wonderful iron! My husband is the person who irons in our family and he is very pleased with the new iron.
 I love the amount of steam the iron produces.  I find my iron to be very heavy for me to handle.
 What a fabulous iron.  The cost was more that I usually pay but this iron is worth it.  Want an iron that does the job, this is it.
 Great product- wife really likes its performance
 First iron. 10/10
 I never knew an iron could be so different.. It is amazing, irons so smooth and so many settings. I wanted one to steam great and to be heavy enough to a good job on the fabric. WOW love it.
 I tried to replace this iron with a lower price one and had to return it.<br/>this a great iron. Has more weight than the lower end ones and a better press.
 Best iron ever. Gets heavy use and everyone likes it
 Fantastic Iron. Everyone should buy this one
 Amazing! Love this iron!
 Great iron!
 By far my best iron yet!  Tons of steam to get and wrinkle out quick.
 Great iron.  I don't iron much, but when I do, this iron makes it so simple.  It delivers a ton of steam, of course that eans refilling often, but that is easy.  I had 2 other rowenta models, but his one is superior.
 Started leaking water in about 16 months, so much for the engineering claims.
 Heavy and gets hot fast.. reliable
 purchased this model because it is made in Germany which I hope is better quality than models made in China. The last Rowenta, also made in Germany, lasted 5-10 years
 Great iron  heat up fast  has great steam feature  very easy to use and does not tip  over easily
 Excellent, love the steam! Would highly recommend it.
 Good product..Love it
 Love this iron.  The design is great and works like a charm!
 The iron works great! My only complaint is the opening for the water tank is too small.
 A little heavier than I would like, but for the quilting I do, it's perfect!
 Narrow edge really makes it easier to reach under the collar. It's very powerful and heats up pretty fast. Money well spent! It's made in Germany and not China.
 After years of making do with an inexpensive GE iron, I decided to upgrade to the Rowenta to make my ironing needs easier. It was a top seller, had stellar reviews so going with this was an easy choice.<br/><br/>The good:<br/>The iron heats up quickly, gives out loads of steam and one generally gets a very good press faster and with less effort. For me the heavier weight was an advantage as it wasn't uncomfortable and the creases were sharper. The steam burst feature definitely helps in more wrinkled areas.<br/><br/>The bad:<br/>It does have a leaking issue, especially when you fill it completely. I have had better luck filling up to say 60%. It does mean more frequent filling, but it doesn't leak all over the clothes. It is also not very easy to see how much water is left. The auto off feature also behaved inconsistently.<br/><br/>The ugly:<br/>The unit stopped working after 6 weeks. Won't heat up at all. I am 100% sure I have never dropped the iron and have followed instructions - including emptying any left over water promptly. Rowenta has been responsive to emails and supports the warranty. The option I have is to pack and ship it outstation (they do provide shipping) and wait for ~3 weeks. I expected a quicker solution or immediate replacement. Still considering if it is worth the trouble of shipping and the wait.<br/>A web search indicates the auto off feature can be pretty iffy on these models. Once it conks out, the iron won't turn on. Looks like that is the issue with my particular unit.<br/><br/>Summary:<br/>A good steam iron when it performs with a few annoyances. For me, the product quality just hasn't panned out.
 I like my iron - if there was one complaint - you need to make sure to clean EVERY 2 weeks or it will not steam.  - or atleast in my area we have well water.
 i am very pleased with this iron.  I am a beginner quilter and noticed that several quilters I watched on the internet were using this iron to press their quilt blocks.  My daughter also has one and has always expressed her delight in the way the iron functions.  I have had no problems and hopefully I won't.  I would recommend this product to anyone who wants an iron that really give your clothes a fresh look.  I payed more than I intended to for an iron...but I believe I got my money's worth.
 Working fine so far
 great iron
 Love the way it irons, but it is awful heavy!!  I wish it would have mentioned the weight in the discription
 Always perfect! Cuts ironing time!
 So far so good. It DID spit once or twice. Not sure I can find one that doesn't, though.
 I like this Iron, it's very efficient.
 Great Iron. Hot, lots of steam. POOR placement of heat selection dial-fingers readjust the dial every time it's picked up. Give it a 5 star if the dial was better.
 Great iron, a step up from the last Rowenta we purchased!
 I have had the iron for just over one year. I loved it until today when it started leaking and now the water just runs out of the iron.
 Fantastic iron. Nice and heavy, great quality. We are very pleased with this product.
 Had a Rowenta Steam Iron in the past and because we had such good results-ordered the same model.
 This iron does everything but wipe your b**t!
 It does a very nice job of doing what it is supposed to do, but the water filling process had to be altered a little to keep from spilling the water while filling it.
 I honestly don't know how I lived with a cheap iron for so long.  This iron is literally, amazing.  It heats up quickly, makes steam easily, and almost glides over fabric.  It's been awesome for pressing seams while sewing on a variety of fabric types.  Overall, really happy with this purchase.
 Great Iron for my wife who does a lot of sewing pillows and curtains.
 I'm upto my third iron in 1 year and so far this one has exceeded all my expectations! Easy to use and does a perfect job.
 Works very well. Glad we bought it. The only drawback is you can't leave the water in it when done.
 Have to agree (Sadly) with others who have stated this iron drips/leaks.  Possibly the worst iron I have ever owned.  My old $25 Black and Decker doesn't leak/drip on my clothes like this thing does.  Sadly, I would not recommend this iron.  I usually don't return items, but this one I will.  Not even worth the great price I even gave for it.
 Works as expected a fine product
 Bought it for my wife and she loves it.
 Easy to fill water. Like the point for details
 Much bigger and heavier than my previous Rowenta iron. Steam is great. Easy to fill water.  Sturdy,
 I bought this January 2017 and it already does not work.  I will try to get a refund.
 Love this iron!
 The iron works well.  I am overwhelmed by the amount of heat and steam generated.  I recommend it to anyone that irons their own uniforms.
 HOLA DESEEO SABER QUIEN RECIBIO EL PRODUCTO EL NOMBRE DE LA PERSONA YA QUE EN EL HISTORIAL NO MEE DEJA VERLO. GRACIAS
 Professional grade iron makes fast work of ironing shirts &amp; other items. My husband does his shirts now and he likes the size and weight of the iron for his hands.
 Exceeded my expectations. Smooth iron. Point allows for access in tight areas.
 Best iron ever for me! Its worth every penny
 Freaking awsome jet age design! from time to time I just stare at it.  My wife says it works really well so it is a winner.
 Great iron - no leaking!!
 It actually irons out wrinkles
 I am not happy! Iron dribbles allover clothes and spots some fabrics.  Have not used much since purchase because I save my ironing<br/>until I have a load.  Waited too long to return, so I guess I'm stuck.
 It seems to me that Rowenta's quality has gone down. This is the fourth one I have had, over several years. But each one is lower in quality than the one before. Still better than any other though.
 I love it I have done jeans, shirts. and touch up dress pants also pillow cases
 Very pleased. Good bang for your buck.
 It is a bad product, 11 months using this rowenta and has been broked-down. I tried to contact to Amazon support and it was impossible,
 it’s work only twice then start leaking water i will never buy from this company again
 I like it, use it in my house
 This was a great iron for the first 6 months.  After that time, I began to have trouble with the cord. The iron was not keeping its power.  I am hoping to get it replaced.
 This is a replacement iron for a previously owned Rowenta iron. This one is even better. I love all the options for steam.
 Best iron I have ever owned. Admittedly, in the past I usually opted for the most affordable iron, but I've gotten tired of having to replace them so often.
 Shorted out within 2 months of purchase. Do NOT buy this. Amazon wasn't able to return it due to a 30 day return period for this item. Look elsewhere.
 Wonderful iron but seems to run out of water really fast.
 steam outlets are a lot
 This is the first really good iron I've ever owned. Gets hot quickly and works well even without steam.
 Good weight and excellent steam pattern.
 This iron makes ironing go smooth and quickly.  Perfect design and powerful on steam.
 Purchased 1/13/18. Broke less than a year of using. Auto on/off continues to flash. Doesn't warm up.
 Good item
 Have not used my Rowenta much yet, but it seems to be performing just fine.  I look forward to many years of service from it.
 My last iron was a Rowenta  and it lasted for years.After research, Rowenta was my iron of choice again.I like a heavy iron. The multiple steam vents make for easy ironing.
 Our old Rowenta was getting old. This one heats fast and puts out all the steam se want. Helps to get the job done fast!
 I love this iron, it's a little heavy for me(I have arthritis), but what a difference it makes when sewing!! The steamer is amazing!
 This is a fabulous iron. Ironing is not my favorite thing to do, but I was looking for more things to iron after my first session. I love the weight and pointed front.
 This iron does get as hot as advertised and does a great job on linen, my only complaint is that there are not enough fabric settings to choose from when adjusting for different fabric types.
 I bought this iron for my husband since he loves to iron he loves it this iron does all it says or promises
 Best iron I've ever had. Second purchase
 Best Iron we have owned.  We use an iron EVERYDAY!!  Lasts for years.
 This iron does an exceptional job.  Really love it.  I previously had another Rowenta iron and used it for 17 years.  It finally quit working, would not steam any more. Decided to get another Rowenta.
 Very well made...does go through the water (for steam) though!
 This thing is awesome, as a recent college grad this thing feels like it brings new life to old clothes, never had more perfectly pressed button ups. Cant wait to try it for interviews
 Nothing happens most of the time I press the button for blast of steam.  Occasionally I get that blast of steam, but rarely. It's brand new.  Based on the other reviews citing quality control problems I am going to just ask for a refund as opposed to trying a replacement.
 Makes it steam a lot everytime you tilt the iron upwards, which makes you have to refill the watertank constantly. Otherwise a good iron, ergonomic and easy to use with a great glide.
 Love Lovr Love it
 A dream to iron with
 This is like the Mercedes of irons, has great quality
 Works great,  delivery was fast.  Love it,  but think that it is a bit over prices.  But again you get what you pay for.
 Cool very cool, but I am not sure what all the hype is about, its a iron....
 Purchased in 2017. The Steam Function is leaking. We feel we should receive a new Iron. This is unacceptable.
 The most amazing iron ever.  Wished I'd discovered it years ago.  I bought a hand held steamer that didn't remove any wrinkles.  But this iron gets out wrinkles and FAST.  Love it.
 Best iron I've ever had.
 There is no better quality iron on the market.  Love it!!!
 I love this iron.  I use it almost everyday.  It needs to be filled frequently but that's because it has such an amazing steam feature.  I would buy it again if I needed another iron.
 Exactly what I expected.
 This is as described' I love the way it steams!  I am very pleased with this purchase.
 I had a Rowena iron for many years, when it came time for a new one, Rowenta was the natural choice.  This is not a cheap iron, but a well made product, that does an incredible job.  Almost makes me like ironing!  The steam output is exceptional and wrinkles are zapped fast.
 So far it's been great. Better than my previous rowenta iron that turned brown on the plate after a couple of uses. The steam is perfect on this iron and gets out wrinkles after 1 pass, even on stubborn fabric. Very happy so far!
 My old iron was ok years ago, but it was time for a new one. I read the reviews and picked this one.<br/>The steam is awesome! One person mentioned how much faster they can iron with all the steam vents and it's true.<br/>I really like the burst of steam button when I'm working on sewing projects. I can iron dry with my hand close by, then pull my hand away and give it a burst of steam to set it.
 Soooo much better than my old iron.  I love it!
 LOVE,LOVE,LOVE this iron..  Used daily with pleasure...  lots of steam, heats up fast and has never failed us..<br/>Fast shipping with good packaging..
 It does a perfect job. My working shirts and pants look professionally ironed. It is pricy but the end results are amazing.
 What a difference from my previous iron.  This is the best iron I've ever used.
 I have had several Rowenta irons and have been 100% please with all of them. Probably would still be using the first ones, but my family is hard on irons, and they get knocked off the board easily at our house!
 Iron meets all expectations.  Puts a serious crease where it needs to be.  Temp clear and concise.  Steam works great
 I really like Rowenta irons but have had trouble with the longevity of them.  This one, after four months, is useless.  The water drains out onto my ironing table when it is full and only steams when you press the "steam" button with what water is left.  My last Rowenta, a DQ9070 purchased through Amazon,  lasted exactly 13 months and was warrantied for one year.  Prior to the above two irons a Rowenta would last many years not months.<br/><br/>Update:  I contacted Rowenta and they have provided a label to return the iron for repair/replacement.  During the process they made me feel like a criminal.  I received the third degree about how I filled it, when I turned the steam on, if I emptied it after EACH use, and on and on and on.  I was told that they would take care of it only as a "courtesy" since the problem was obviously not with their product.  I used this iron and the one that lasted 13 months in the same manner that I did the two Rowentas that lasted 8 to 10 years.  The replacement will become my backup iron and I will shop for another brand for everyday use.
 German made got it at great price
 This would be a perfect iron if it didn't have auto shut off. I sew and need the iron hot when I want it hot. Apparently that is a feature no longer available.
 Love this iron.
 Love this iron. No complaints. It irons like professionally done.
 This terrific iron was what I bought when another model didn't work.
 This is a good iron.  I have had 2 Rowenta's previously and my last one the motor just died.  This one is lighter in weight and easier to use.
 Well engineered with an abundance of steam. By far the best iron I've ever used.
 Every day use.
 I adore this iron! Ironing is so much easier now for me! It just glides across your clothing, its everything they claim it to be! You will be happy with this one
 Barely 6 months old and will not work. Auto Off light stays on and I’m now trying to go through the warranty service.
 I've been using Rowenta Irons for the past 10 years and again you definitely get your money's worth.  This Iron produces so much steam you will actually get to stop using starch which breaks down clothing anyways!
 Works well, although topic to see level when filling and it does not fit the old iron and ironing board holder since it is so wide.
 my wife loved it .. thats enough for me.
 After spending an extended period of tone researching irons, I decided on the Rowenta. I was really enjoying the Rowenta for the first 3 weeks I had it. I was especially careful to follow all the care instructions. Unfortunately, despite my best efforts, the auto off feature malfunctioned - the iron decided to turn itself and not turn back on! After some additional reading I have discovered this is not an uncommon problem for this brand. Brutally disappointing given how much I was looking forward to it.
 This iron is phenominal!  Heavy duty and does the trick even with hard to iron cottons... Love it!  Great for sewing and embroidering....
 Love this Rowenta iron--and it's NOT made in China!  It does a nice job of pressing cotton articles and heats up in a nano-second!  Great price too!
 good quality and wife loves it
 Well worth the premium for this iron. Made in Germany and is clearly a well-made product and has worked beautifully for about a month now. No complaints here.
 My ex had this style iron. Other than him coming to mind from time to time when using it, this works great.
 annoying temp control wheel...easily moved unintentionally.
 this was used.
 Great iron
 I have an issue the light that says it will come off after a while never comes off
 What an awesome iron!  It was even made to take tap water!  Just make sure to follow all the (new) directions.
 I followed the advise of other reviewers and bought a Rowenta made in Germany, and I have not been disappointed.  It irons beautifully.  I am very happy with the product.
 Been using Rowena irons (the original electric steam iron) for ages. It's been amazing. Each new iron has gotten infinitely better than the last. Always, worth every penny!
 I purchase Rowenta DW 5080 and I am amazed It take less time to iron my clothes and it look like came from the cleaners,I am so happy I  highly recommend  : )
 It's a nice iron that's replacing a similar unit that I bought a few short years ago and had it fail.
 Perfect dryer for quilting. I use distilled water, no leaking.
 So easy to use. It glides across clothing. My ironing times are cut in half.
 Good Iron
 Works well, cord twists easily though
 Beautiful and works well.
 Another amazing iron from Rowenta!!! Loves the steam power and precision tip to iron my husband's business pants.
 I had high expectation for the iron. But for some of the fabric, it creates friction and I can't iron properly. It does not move. Smoothly at all.
 Nice weight and with the 400 steam holes, my life is much easier.
 I like it, but it's not as weighty as my last Shark was, so don't feel like it's 'pressing' as much.
 Lots of steam. Makes ironing almost effortless. Since it does produce a lot of steam, one must refill the reservoir more frequently than some irons. Uses tap water, too.
 Iron does not always provide steam when on steam settings.  I would not buy this item again.
 Happy with that purchase
 Nice, hot, lots of steam, auto shuts off.  Doesn't need any special water.
 Works great. Lighter than other irons, which is nice.
 It  was a toss up between my husband  and I to see who would use the iron first but I did, to get the greases out of my new Christmas  table cloth man  that iron is what I wanted  to have a long time ago it was going guns with steaming I hope i can get uses out of it for years to come. I plan to buy another  rowenta for my sister in the near future.  Love it
 One of the best in the market.
 Wonderful iron.  The best I have had so far.  The fifth star will be added when the water spitting during the ironing problem will be solved.
 Gets the work done
 When I was growing up my family owned a professional dry cleaning service and as a result I had the pleasure of working there during my youth.  I remember this brand name for the actual commercial units we had in the store.  This iron is pretty impressive with the functionality, feel and just overall operation.  I wouldn't just recommend this product to those I know, I would push it.  Great product and price.
 with 'niagara' it is perfect working. easy to iron.
 Geeat product, good price
 Love it
 Great iron so far. Cheaper than bed bath and beyond ! Love the steam action
 Great iron for everyday use and excellent for sewing or quilting.  Expensive and totally worth it, extremely well built and super sturdy with simple controls.  Auto shut off.
 Excellent
 I am not satisfied with the iron at all.  After steam ironing several items, the iron starts to spit water on the item I am ironing.  I am very disappointed with the performance of the iron.
 this was given as a gift and she loves it
 Really enjoyed the way it irons and save me alot of time..
 This was a gift for me.  I sew and still iron a lot of cothes and can say this makes the job much easier.
 Overprice leaking water .....Never buying again
 I have had the iron 3 months and it quit heating. Now I have to send it to a repair center and it may take 3 weeks to get it back. Meanwhile, how do I iron?
 Product is excellent
 This steam iron is nothing short of magnificent!  I purchased it for the "wool" setting.  Works like a dream!  I'm in love.
 Much easy to iron clothes now with Rowenta.<br/>It is great!
 small and powerful iron
 Power cord only 8' long.  My older, cheaper iron has a 12' cord, makes a big difference.  May be a deal breaker as I don't think I want to bother with a extension cord!
 Died after a year and a half of lite use.
 Update-- this iron is now leaking water just like many reviewers complained about. I iron and water pours out...  I just attempted to return it but apparently this item is only eligible for a 30 day return.  I've had it for almost 2 months and just recently began having this problem😕. I really like this iron. I wish I had more clothes to iron. It is pretty heavy which took some getting used to.  The steam feature is fantastic and the pointed end flawlessly creases and goes around buttons.  I have had the same GE iron for fifteen years and when it broke I ordered this and I'm not sorry. It is so superior to the other iron it cuts my ironing time in half and the amount of steam is great.  I didn't know what I was missing.
 Love this iron. Does a fantastic job.  Ordered a second for gift. Best value for the money.
 As expected.
 Lots of stream and quick to heat.  Great for quilting.
 Great purchase
 Positively love this easy-handling iron. It presses like I sent my clothes to the cleaners!
 Wonderful iron!!! My daughter tried it and she's buying one as well.
 Heats up quickly and like the pointed feature for shirts with buttons. A little heavy.
 Dimensions are inaccurate.  It didn't fit into my ironing board closet that is built the wall in my master bathroom.
 I purchased the Rowenta DW5080 Focus Steam Iron because I had been using the same model for about five years and loved it. I have found that irons with the auto-off feature do not last long when I am doing a lot of sewing, but what choice is there. My previous iron had outlasted and outperformed other irons I had owned, so I was pleased to find that this model is still available. I am not as pleased with the new iron as I was with the previous iron. It seems to not start heating as easily and does not put out as much steam as my older iron. The price I paid for the new iron was about a third less than I had paid for the iron I replaced.<br/><br/>The bottom line is that I still think it is one of the best irons of its type on the market today.
 Very excited about the Rowenta Iron , the best you can buy
 Amazing iron
 Quality
 Exceptional and high quality
 Best iron made. Smooth's out the wrinkles.
 Exactly what I was looking for to replace my previous one.
 Great product
 I like my new iron.
 Have to refill the water often, but other than that, good product.
 You will not be disappointed!  All the bells and whistles included.  Heavy iron which is what I like because in my opinion they do a better job.
 Excellent Iron.  Our second Rowenta.  We'd still have and be using our first one but gave it to our daughter.
 Good buy
 The best iron with steamer on the market.
 Excellent iron. Works wonderfully. Would recommend it to anyone. We both think it is the best iron we have owned
 Good product
 Like the iron so far
 Not a good iron. It may just be this particular one, but it leaks around the bottom while using it. Note this is the "Focus." I'm going to try again, and see if I can the "Effective" model.
 An excellent appliance.
 great Iron, but one thing it was hard to read settings.
 With other irons the spray starch would stick to the bottom. However, the stainless steel bottom prevents it. Great steam ability  because of all the holes at the bottom. You can use tap water instead of distilled. This iron cuts the ironing time in half. Absolutely an excellent iron!
 I purchased a Rowenta Professional Titan Plus many many years ago, and have used it continuously until now.  That model was no  longer available and I purchased the DW5080 to replace it.  All I wanted was one equal to the Titan Plus and it is, indeed, better. Rowenta is the iron that makes ironing day an easy and worthwhile task.  Thank you Rowenta for making an unpleasant task a joy.
 I bought a used one. Working fine however the power cord was faulty and had to be got replaced. Using it for last two weeks. It has extreme and continuous thrusts of steam and is able to iron out most stubborn wrinkles. Good quality material.
 This is a wonderful iron, but it stopped working after one week of use.  I hope that Amazon/Rowenta will help me take care of this problem.
 Best Rowenta or Iron I have ever had! My last Rowenta was light however even on cotton steam I had to iron my summer T-shirts 3-4 times!
 Good buy.
 Excellent iron
 Solid iron that performs very well
 This is the second iron I have ordered from Amazon and the problem is that it leaks water constantly and I am not happy after paying almost $200 total.
 While the iron was somewhat expensive, it has a solid quality build. The iron has performed very well compared to other brands. I have enjoyed the ease in which I can iron shirts and pants. I use this iron daily and it makes the ironing process very effortless. I strongly recommend using distilled water to avoid any issues of calcium build up. Overall, I strongly recommend this product.
 I like EVERYTHING about this iron!!!!  Ironing of course.  LOL
 Quality product!<br/>It's quick to heat up and doubles as a great steamer!<br/>Heads up: It's not every time I leave water in the tank, but every now and again I'll run into a calcium carbonate/limescale issue.<br/>(i.e. That chalk-like substance originating from the iron's face plate.).<br/>They recommend draining the water after every use, which sounds more tedious than it actually is.<br/>My system: I keep a water bottle nearby and use it to fill the tank a little under half way.<br/>When I'm nearing the end of my ironing adventure, I'll steam my clothes to deplete the remaining water. Because the steamer is so powerful, it's a quick and easy drain.
 Excellent iron. Great steam action. Very satisfied with purchase.
 I've used it a few times so far and I am impressed. The iron feels a bit heavy but not uncomfortably so. It works well with rather a large number of steam producing ports.
 I was a little nervous about some of the bad reviews that Rowenta irons leak water; however, I wanted to get the best of the best, so I got this DW5080. I absolutely love this iron and I have zero regrets. I haven't had any issues with water leaking! It heats up fast, cools off fast, and works like a charm I highly recommend it!
 Been sewing holiday gifts and it has pressed so well and got those little spaces with the pointed edge. Love it so far
 Easy to damage when shipment from seller<br/>First time purchase this item but no good image
 Works great
 Love all the steam holes.
 Works better than my old $40 General Electric iron.  Especially the steaming function.
 This is the best iron I have ever used.  The price is worth it.
 So far it has done everything as expected. No issues to speak of.
 Excellent Excellent Excellent practical item.<br/>Reduced my ironing time by 70%<br/>Easy to use
 I confess that I had doubted so many positive reviews, but it's true this iron is the best that I used before!
 I love Rowenta irons. Thank you for your speedy delivery.
 Doing the job.
 The fit and finish are excellent. Best iron I have ever purchased
 Awesome steam from this iron. A little heavier than your usual iron but I like the weight. Do have to fill the water reso<br/>tank frequently but I like to use lots of steam. Long cord is nice too.  Love that it has a self cleaning feature.  I am a big fan of ironing and using this iron makes it a delight.
 I found this iron to be very heavy.  My wrist is actually quite sore after using it to catch up on a big stack of ironing. I'll try not to use it for extended periods in the future.  But , not worth getting tendonitis!  I may just have to buy another iron and be careful to check the weight before purchasing.
 This iron is a vast improvement over my old iron.  So far no issues with drips/leaks.  I love the 'feel' of it and the ability to get into corners.  I'm doing more ironing now than I ever have because I'm having so much fun (I guarantee this will wear off).
 A great all purpose iron!
 All problems of ironing solved...just amazing
 Very Disappointing Performance / Leaks water on stream setting and spots clothing on the stream setting and leaks water when turned off.
 This thing is a machine!! It has drastically cut down on the time I spend ironing clothes.
 Best iron I've ever used.
 Rowenta makes top notch products
 Me encanto
 These guys have been making Irons for 200 years. They know what they are doing and you really do get what you paid for. Buy one now.
 Like the Rowenta, better made product....
 Best iron you will ever own
 Great steam. love that you can use tap water. light in weight
 High quality product.  W have used this iron for many months without issue.
 Never disappointed with Rowenta.
 This is the best iron in the market
 Heats fast, good steam, better than older Rowenta that finally died after many years.
 does not get as hot as my old Rowenta. I like the tapered front point.
 I love this iron! Well made and clothes look so much nicer, they look professionally pressed. Well worth the extra cost!!!
 Leaks water when left setting upright--not for a long period of time, either.  This is the 2nd iron I have owned and both have leaked.  Otherwise, excellent irons for use.
 This iron just glides over what I am ironing.  Steams wonderful.  The only drawback that I have found is that I keep hitting the dial and changing the temperature adjustment when I don't want to.
 Love it! Best iron I ever had!
 My Friend has a Rowenta which I love,and have used while Quilting with her, I bought one about 3 years ago, even though I'd read unfavorable reviews about spitting, but since I'd used her's, I went ahead and got it. It spit all the time, and I haven't been able to use it as a steam iron, so I decided I'd get a good steam iron, assuming that I'd just gotten a dud,<br/>I purshaced another, the DW5080.  When set for full steam, it makes a horriible racket, and sounds like it is spitting, but it actually isn't, lot's of steam all over, so watch your fingers.  Water empties out in a matter of minutes.  I keep it set for low steam and it is ok.  Read that the ones made in China were not good, and that the German made ones were better, and mine was made in Germany, and I doubt I'd buy another.  I've had "cheapie" irons that did as good or better than this.
 LOVE this iron - hasn't burned anything yet and you get lots of steam out of it.
 Love it, will not iron unless I have a Rowena!
 Had the product less than one year. It is leaking rust water out of the top. Ruined my shirt and ironing board cover.
 Very heavy and big
 Gave this to my wife on her Birthday and ever since she has been extremely impressed with it's performance!  Over the years she has used several different steam iron brands and this brand model beats all.
 Just as advertised.  Thanks.
 great iron, works like a charm, smooth, doesn't leave water stains. a bit pricy, but it's worth it. so far no complaints.
 I hated ironing before the Rowenta. And don't get me wrong, it's still not one of my favorite activities, but the quality of this iron makes this chore pass quickly and easily.
 Works well and is heavy, but not too heavy.  Lots of steam.  Would recommend.
 Great iron.
 DO NOT BUY! BASE LEAKS! This iron leaked after 1 month.  I tried to return item but Rowenta will not take back.  This is my 3rd Rowenta iron to leak water from base.  I am not sure what happened to their quality but it is now garbage.
 Base damaged on receipt, never used so no feedback on quality
 Great iron, a bit hungry on the water, but works a treat.
 Bought based on so many good reviews. It worked barely one year and then it stopped working completely. Wouldn't turn on. A complete waste of money.
 Best iron I have ever owned
 Exactly as offered.  Replaced older leaking Rowenta.  Wife loves this one.
 Used it once.... Good price
 Powerful iron and awesome price!
 Such a great iron. It's great for quilting and pressing a crease. This is my 2nd one in 20 years.
 Easy features to understand.  All settings work great.  Wrinkles in materials easily iron out.
 super iron - best one I have every purchased!  I definitely recommend it and would purchase it again and again
 Leaks after a year...just in time for the warranty to be void...too expensive for such a time frame
 The Mrs. asked for this for Christmas. I got it, she loves it.
 Not too heavy, Excellent steam, heats up quicks, quick cool down, uses tap water, easy ironing...love it
 Not enough clearance between underside of handle and temp control setting dial. EveyI grip the handle my hand inadvertently makes contact and moves the temp control setting dial.
 We are very pleased with this product!
 Everything very well. Thank you
 So far so good.
 It's a really great iron. Works really well on dress pants and shirts for work. It heats up quickly and produces a lot of steam. I had a cheaper iron that just did not do the trick, since I have to iron clothes very regularly.
 A very high quality iron.  I did notice that it is a little rear end heavy when ironing and the front end is slightly difficult to keep on your shirt or pants.
 I love it and it works just right -- only used once
 Best Iron we have owned. It really takes the wrinkles out easily.
 This is a powerful Iron. I'm loving it. It makes ironing kind of fun.
 Best iron I've ever owned:<br/>1. Generates an amazing amount of steam<br/>2. Generous water tank - holds a lot of water<br/>3. Ridiculous amount of holes for steam<br/>4. Ironing time is cut in half
 Fantastic iron!
 This Iron is the Isht! it glides over clothing, w lots of steam; I highly recommend it!
 Great Iron! Great Steam! Nuff said
 I purchased this item on November 6, 2016. On November 8, 2017 the heating element stopped working.  I bought a better quality, more expensive iron expecting the lifespan to be more than 365 days.  Unfortunately for me, Amazon was no help when I attempted to have the 1 year warranty honored.  Bed, Bath, &amp; Beyond has a better return policy, so if you're determined to purchase this product or one similar I would STRONGLY SUGGEST purchasing there.<br/>As a Prime member since 1999 a credit to my account wasn't something Amazon was willing to offer which will cause me to consider ending my 18-year membership.
 My wife, she uses it mostly and she says it is great so far. We used it 2-3 times a week and quality is great.
 Always love Rowenta. Great pressing power. Sturdy and last a long time.
 A little heavy,other than that it is doing a great job.
 This iron makes you WANT to iron! So easy to use and does a GREAT job.  I would definitely recommend this product.
 Love it. Well, as much as one can love a chore-related product.  Works quickly and much more effectively than the product it replaced.
 A fabulous iron….easy to handle, steams perfectly, uses tap water…all I need for a great iron
 was received fast, and a very good item
 heavy duty!
 I have returned this iron 3 times and still have one that spits after 10 minutes of use.  I give up.  Next iron will be a different brand.
 Love it, lots of steam
 Great for sewing as well as pressing clothing!  Burst of steam really works.
 Heats up great! Glides over clothes. Awesome steam!
 Good
 I love this iron period.  Best iron I've ever owned.  Great steam, heat up time, ease of glide. You don't neccessarily need to buy the higher modle numbers.  This one does the job.  Good quality.  Highly recommended.
 PROS: Heats up very quickly, irons well. The slim tip works well getting between shirt buttons, narrow spaces, etc.<br/>CONS: will use a ton of water, plastic water reservoir cover broke within 2 months.
 the best iron I have ever had it really cut down my ironing time ,I just love it ! the only thing I cant figure out what kind of water to use in it!
 Just awesome.
 I am a quilter that likes to use steam.  It was loaded with steam and very happy with it
 Great steam!! It has leaked a little but so far not on anything important. I'd like to be able to shut off the auto-off but haven't figured that out.
 This is the most frustrating iron ever!  If  you even pause during ironing, the iron shuts down automatically.  You have to  UNPLUG the iron to refill it.  This is crazy engineering!
 This iron leaks all the time. I used it twice and I am not able to return. Not good, wouldn't recommend.
 Good product
 I LOVE IT.
 Mom loves it - better than her previous Rowenta
 best iron we've ever had, hands down.
 Great iron. Does not leak/ Heats quickly. Mucho steam and adjustable.  Replaced my old Rowenta after 21 yrs. This is much better.
 High quality iron....
 Works as advertised !
 Best iron I’ve used, and that’s saying a lot as I don’t iron lol.
 WHEW !!! Is it anything this Beast can't do ?? Love it !!
 Very high quality iron that works great!
 great!
 Lasted one year. Disappointed.
 Awesome service and product!
 This iron actually makes ironing FUN!  It has been wonderful for ironing shirts and for sewing and quilting projects. Easily smooths fabric and lays seams down flat.  The steam function is amazing.  No complaints at all.
 This iron was a disappointment because it was leaking water from the first day use. Sometimes buying a more expensive iron doesn't work either.
 This is a great heavy duty iron. It is a great buy!
 Heats quickly, easy to use, great iron.  Use it daily and never a problem.
 great
 Best iron I have ever used. Cut ironing time down and give you a cleaner quality press for all clothes
 It works well even though it is very big it isn't heavy and does a terrific job, everything an iron should be
 Excellent iron for the price!
 A wonderful high performance iron.  Heats quickly, excellent steam, irons very smoothly.  Very satisfied with purchase.t
 I have really enjoyed my new ironworker
 What a waste of money. Not better that my previous 25$ iron. Started to see the plate stained in 2 months. Not worth for the money.
 The best iron ever!  Spend the money Rowenta knows what they are doing!
 Always have had cheaper irons. But do like the job this one does.
 I will say 4; haven't had it long enough yet to really judge.
 The Iron is very heavy and the cord is too short. The steam is not constant, there is a pause after about 5 minutes of use and the pause is about 10 seconds then the steam starts again.
 Just gave out yesterday.  Purchased October 20.  Used daily but should last more than 5 months.
 Now that’s an iron!
 I'm so glad that i bought this. exactly what i wanted. does an amazing job ironing. my shirts are like out of the Chinese cleaners.
 Im so happy very easy to use and so good
 ridiculously hot and fast - what more could you ask for in an iron ? I use this primarily for ironing men's shirts but it EASILY handles all other items
 Does not live up to the Rowena standard is any way.  The major issue is the iron does not heat like our former Rowena's.<br/>How can  you iron without heat?  I am sorry for doing poor research...will not happen again!
 Wow! Pricey like all Rowntas but so far very worth it -- it's a good heavy weight, LOTS of steam and cuts through wrinkles like a hot knife through butter. I especially like the narrow, precise tip for going around buttons and such. If it's anything like other Rowentas I've owned it'll also (hopefully) last and last.
 Most of the time it shuts off automatically less than a minute after turning on.  I would like to return it if I could.
 Best iron ever!
 Good iron
 Love it!!
 I love this iron. It performs better than I expected. My old iron never had enough steam to take all the wrinkles out. This iron has plenty of steam and leaves clothes looking great.  I used to hate ironing, now I love it because I see great results. Because of plenty of steam you have to add water occasionally depending on how much ironing you are doing.<br/>Yes I would recommend this to a friend.
 My first Rowenta (made in Germany) lasted 20 years until the auto shut-off system failed.  I purchased my second one (made n Germany) and am very happy with it.
 It leaks.
 Never thought I'd be so willing to review a product...This iron is fantastic...is as decribed and held true to other reviewers reviews...actually don't mind ironing...professional look, excellent quality...
 I am a quilter. Needed an iron that would take creases out of fabric and press seams flat. This is an awesome iron. Does the work I need done perfectly. I showed it to my neighbor. He bought one too. He likes his shirts and jeans perfectly pressed. I  also recommended this iron to my quilting group. The steamer, with it's 400 micro holes works very well.
 Works very well.
 Awesome!  My wife is very happy with this made in Germany iron Rowenta DW5080.  I'd recommend it to everyone.
 These irons are very good and reliable
 This is the second Rowenta iron I've owned in the past 10 years. I love the cleaning feature and the quick heat up time.
 Good iron, could have better instructions.
 Great for my quilting purposes.  Steam is quick and plentiful.  Automatic shutoff feature is great.  Great price, and arrived as specified.
 Great product. I like how it works. Recommended
 This is a very nice iron. Gets hot quickly, steams nicely and has saved me time with ironing. This is the 3rd Rowenta Iron I have owned and this one has been the best one so far.
 I love this iron.  I don't do lots and lots of ironing but when I do, I'm fussy!  I only wish the water chamber were larger!
 I will only buy the German made Rowenta irons. The one I have used for the last 10 years was a lower model only 20 steam vents. This upgrade cuts my ironing time in half. I only have to iron one side it goes thru 4 layers of denim. This iron has massive steam. It is a nice weight and the pointed end goes around buttons with ease. I highly recommed Rowenta they last for years.
 Light and useful.
 I wish I had bought an upscale iron years ago.  works good.
 Good product for this price.  Works as advertised
 Like the iron very much. You get what you pay for.
 Outstanding iron, best i've ever had
 Great iron. My only complaint is that I occasionally hit the settings knob in the middle when grabbing the handle, usually tweaking the temperature setting.
 Don't buy it. Less than a year of usage and every time I iron there is two or three clothes either with stains or directly burned on some parts. So disappointed with it
 Why did my iron come with water in it already? Did not realize I was buying a used iron. Not happy.
 This iron is very versatile in all respects.The 400 hole feature allows for more steam than a normal iron with far less holes.<br/>It is comfortable to use, lightweight and user friendly.My clothes are ironed much quicker than in the past and less time is spent ironing.<br/>It sure pays to get the best products as dividends pay off in time and convenience. Thank you Amazon!
 Very disappointed!!! I keep going back to my Rowenta DM886 that is 15 plus years old. Don't recommend this model!
 Great iron! It's a real pleasure to use it!
 The finishing of outside plastic parts is not smoothly enough.
 It leaks water all the time
 The worst iron....does not get hot and therefore a water of time to iron.  So cotton and linen are still wrinkled even with using spray starch.
 Best iron my wife has ever used.
 I hate paying so much for an iron, but it really is a immense improvement over the $35.00 and $40.00 irons I have purchased in the past.
 Good.Receive brand new and good paking.
 Steam comes out so hard that it glides, just love it.
 Temperature control is easily inadvertly changed due to poor design.
 The iron did not even get hot.
 Does produce lots of steam. I personally don't mind that. Just that the water may need to be replaced more frequently but I think it does make the ironing easier and faster.
 I love this iron!  It is precise with its fine point, getting in between buttons, under collars and arms.  The 400 Steam holes irons so much better then those irons with less.  A little heavy but not noticeable when ironing.  I would recommend this iron to anyone who spends the time to iron.
 Bought this to replace my Panasonic.  On the upside, it takes tap water and produces voluminous amounts of steam (even on the lowest level).  On the downside, I miss the pointed back (as well as front) on my Panasonic, while I'm readjusting to the squared back I make more creases.  Also the Rowenta seems heavier and the cord seems much shorter.  Cleaning takes forever (about an hour and ten minutes) and I have to do it weekly since we have hard water.  Wish I had 1) taken better care of the Panasonic (hard water did it in) and 2) just bought another one despite the great ratings for this iron.  ONE YEAR UPDATE;  It just died.  Pick something else!
 Powerful and easy to handle. Only downside is that you're not able to see how much water is in it but not an issue for me.
 Great product, Easy to use, works great, have no problem
 my favorite iron.Everything I could ever asked for.love it!
 These are the best made irons out there.
 Always make sure you buy the one made in Germany. The ones offered at Costco, Sam's Club, Target, Walmart and other discount stores are made in China!. I'm sure they're just as good, but we've always had ours made in Germany and they seem very durable.
 This website does not allow me to enter a poor rating.
 light and easy to use wrinkles just disappear
 Excellent Iron
 Great iron. Loss one star because the temperature control dial is too easy to accidentally move.
 Works great, but a bit heavy.
 We like this, it does a fine job
 Works great device no issue
 This is, by far, the easiest iron to use...It heats up quickly and the cord is long enough to maneuver around...Worth the money...
 Yes I love this iron!
 Superb!
 This is a great iron! The steaming function works great.
 Iron is heavy duty.
 its smooth and accurate strong steem
 Amazing iron especially for the price !
 Exellent iron. Looks and feels sturdy!
 Need a Cup to put water in Iron.other than that my iron  is perfect this is my second one and I would purchase another.
 Not a cheap made in China leaking Iron!<br/><br/>"Sie bekommen, wofür Sie bezahlen"
 Domestic ironing
 Best iron ever made
 Great iron
 Love this iron!
 My husband loves it!  Presses very well.  Great consumer reports reviews.
 Incorrect item pictured. Te item I received is more of a pink copper color. This one pictured is brown/black,.
 I HAVE ALWAYS LOVED ROWENTA IRONS
 After one use it stained my shirt. Don’t buy .
 heavy
 So far I love this iron much better than the previous Rowenta iron I had.
 Yes, it can almost make you enjoy ironing.
 broke after 8 months
 excellent iron
 Good quality
 I have a Rowenta that I have owned for over 20 years and still works. I ordered this one because of the increase in steam capacity and it did not disappoint. It makes ironing of linens a cinch.
 THE best iron/steamer I have used, ever! The design and durability, as well as the heating unit are fantastic!
 Bit heavy
 Best steam iron I have ever used. Heats quickly, provides a good amount of steam and no leaks.
 It works really good.
 FAST HOT STEAM
 Great iron lots of steam power
 Best ever
 Best iron I have ever owned, makes pressing almost a pleasure.
 BEST EVER!
 I am constantly stopping to fill the water reservoir.  I cannot get any more than 3-4 articles of clothing before I have to refill the water.  Other than that I am happy with it.
 I love it great steam iron German made the best
 The BEST iron EVER!!! I iron things just for fun because this baby is AWESOMESAUCE!!!!!!!! I never knew an iron could be so smooth and precise!!!!
 Great product
 Make my task easier
 Best Iron I have ever owned.
 Works great.  Love it.
 Stopped working after 1 year due to auto off being permanently on
 Very happy with this purchase! This iron works amazingly well.
 Nice heavy iron
 Best iron I have ever owned. It has cut my ironing time by a third.
 This is my second Rowenta iron I've owned. Previous one was a lower model. This one is much better: weighs more and this makes a difference! I've had almost no need to use the spray or steam function. The iron does a great job. In the past I've used a separate water spray bottle but not the case with this iron ... it sure does the job. Strongly recommend it.
 We are an ironing obsessed family. Works great. Love the amount of steam.
 None
 this is a great product.  it looks and feels fantastic, and the price is a lot better than any store.  gladly recommend this iron.
 Best Iron I have ever had,
 The Rowenta iron isGreat !!
 Sturdy
 my wife love's it
 Loved my new iron.  I am a beginner at quilting
 Nice product, no issue
 Scratch on water cap, Iron is working fine.
 best iron ever! look no further
 I bought this as a wedding gift. The newlyweds loved it.<br/>It was on the registry. They were surprised to receive it.
 Wife loves it!!
 Works perfect, steam is great!
 Love, love, love this iron.  Awesome steam and excellent ironing.  I am so glad I bought it. I haven't had an iron this ice before.  It is a little big and slightly heavy but well worth it and the price!
 We replaced our old Rowenta iron that we had for years with this one, which is basically the same. I don't use it but my wife loves it. It should last for many years if you take care of it.
 Too heavy!
 Great iron
 Very good!
 Too heavy
 Great Iron. Heavy enough to make it easy. Highly recommend it.
 love it
 Not working 8 months later
 Best iron i have owned.  Produces a bunch of steam with tons of holes.  Well worth it
 Great iron but the cord is way too short. You will need to be right by the outlet to use this iron properly.
 This is a great iron! I would purchase again without any doubts!
 I like it but I am not sure about the reliability. The time will show so I gave 4 star to it
 Great buy
 Very good
 Not much to say here.  It's a great iron that works well and delivers consistent steam.  I'd buy it again.
 This was well wirth the extra money, makes ironing easy with the extra steam and stainless base
 Best iron I ever purchased. My husband likes it even more.
 Works perfect. Very satisfied.
 Great iron for a great price!
 Finally a quality product! After trying several irons, including in the upper price ranges, this is the one that delivers.
 This iron is wonderful - both of us like it.  It does use a lot of water but lots of steam results in better results.
 Absolutely the best iron I have ever used.
 Love this IRON!!!!
 Good
 The hinged lid that covers the water reservoir does not stay closed, and must be pushed shut repeatedly during the ironing process.  I have considered returning it, but have a feeling that all Rowentas of this model have the same flaw.  Other than this, the iron is satisfactory.  It makes a good amount of steam and so far does not leak.
 product is awesome and worth the money.
 This iron is by far the best I have ever used, take this from a man who irons most everything in the household. My wife is unable to iron. No sticking or grabbing, smooth operation. Clothing items look sharp and crisp. I fully recommend this Rowenta.
 Very nice and good weight for the great features.
 Seriously best iron I have ever used. Rowena is a fine piece of machinery and it was at a great price-
 the best Iron ever
 Love it !
 Awesome Iron
 I love the way it handles, how it gets into the smallest areas and how smooth it goes over the material.
 Very sturdy
 This just stopped working...after only two years.  I thought Rowenta was THE brand in irons??!!!
 impressed with the fact the manufacturer says to use tap water instead of purchased speciality water.  bonus.  the iron creates lots of steam, gets hot fast and is light to operate.  so far, I recommend this iron.
 Best iron in the world, made in Germany, important info
 My wife wanted this for her Mother's Day present.  She loves it!  Nice weight and good features.
 Arrived on time and works fantastic!!
 This is a great iron.  It provides lots of steam, and gets very hot.  It's lightweight and easy to use.  I'm very happy I bought it.
 I like the weight of it. It irons very nicely. The one thing that is a little annoying is it shuts off quickly. However it does heat quickly too. This is good when piecing a quilt. I would buy it again.
 Very good
 Great iron and is easy to use and clean.
 Assume iron!  Heats fast and creates lots of steam.  Best iron I have every owned.
 Excellent
 Whenever I first received this iron I found everything that I could iron.  It was such a joy to iron!  It takes less time to iron due to all the steam vents and weight of the iron.  I would have given it five stars, however I think there is something that could have been thought of to wrap the electric cord whenever the iron is not in use.
 Great product
 Haven't used it yet but the one I had was great.
 Strong and dependable. Like the way my clothes are pressed.
 During  the first use with steam, the iron emitted a brown liquid unto the face of the iron and transferred to what I was ironing .  After the iron cooled I attempted to clean the iron to no avail.  The brown residue is still on the irons soleplate.  I am not happy with the purchase
 love this iron!!!
 Nice weight, heats up quickly after shut off, but difficult to hold fabric down and iron into corners without getting burned with steam.
 Water reservoir leaks from the bottom after less than 6 months in service.
 Worked very good but have not had it long enough to determine if it will continue to work. Longevity is a must.
 Great product made in Germany..  You could see the design elegance as soon as u open the box.. Material used and manufacturing precision is remarkable... Very happy with the product after a month of use.. No dripping and all complaints at all ... Highly recommended..
 Love this iron!
 Love this iron!
 I love my new rowenta!!!! very easy to use, gets really really hot!!!!!! I would recommend this product to everyone!!!
 Great steam iron.
 perfect
 Good
 Excellent choice, really good product
 Okay...
 This iron works great it makes ironing so much easier. it has great steam value and  its design allows getting to small areas with ease.
 Works great !
 So far I am loving it
 Great iron. Would recommend.
 I have tried many irons but I do think this is the best It presses so much better than I have ever had
 Its a wonderful Iron box. Works great. Worth the cost
 Metal surface has torn metal and was cutting all the fabric on my expensive shirts for months before we found out that there were two small metal shavings protruding from the ironing surface. I was in disbelief because in all my life, I had never seen a steam iron do such a thing. Is this cheap metal? Is the metal layer too thin? Or is this metal surface prone to defects? In any case, it's been 9 months since I purchased it and I think it may be too late to get a replacement or refund. I hope not all of these Rowenta steam irons are the same.<br/><br/>*** If Amazon or Rowenta can fix this issue for me, by inspecting this item and replacing it, I would appreciate it. ***
 This is by far the best Iron I have ever used. Heats up very quick and produces plenty of steam. The stainless heating surface makes a huge difference as compared to the non-stick steel or aluminum on most Irons. Glides across material surface with the slightest of ease. Money well spent.
 fabulous iron!
 Pro: ton of steam, easy maintenance instructions, heats fast, made to work with tap water<br/><br/>Con: water reservoir empties fast when using a lot of steam. Like 2 pieces of clothing from empty to full.
 Good product
 great iron been using for the last few months and it wonderful and fast
 love the iron.
 It's a very heavy iron!
 Great iron
 This iron is fantastic, we love it and my husband no longer gets his dress shirts pressed at the dry cleaners, he presses at home!
 I did not know how bad my previous iron was until I began using this iron. Cuts my ironing time in half.
 Great buy, heavy, but good.
 This is a solid iron. I've had no issues and it does a great job. I use it mostly for sewing.
 much better than my old worn out iron. I was able to iron my family's clothes in a third of the time with the continuous steam coming out. recommended!!!!
 Love the iron. My biggest problem is that the setting for the steam gets moved very easily.
 Increíble
 Quick heating and generous steam capabilities. So far, it is great and makes ironing less of a chore.
 It leaks! This was a gift.  She returned it to me because it would leak.  Awkward!
 Good product. Have always had good experience with Rowenta. Worth the investment!
 Super iron.  Delivered quickly.
 Do not use it very much but nice looking and quality!
 Had this for less than a year. Now it spits out white flecks with the steam. Useless.
 Great iron. Best on the market. Good price.
 Love it!
 It does ok but the steam is disappointing.  My old iron put out more steam on demand than this one does.
 Rowenta is the best. The iron is great. No problems.
 This is the best iron I have ever, in my 75 years, used.  It is like having a pro do the work.  To put it in perspective, my husband may never get to iron again.
 Fast delivery, works great.
 Honestly I was skeptical about dropping this much for an iron but I'm very glad I did. As the other reviewers have stated, the quality of this iron is unbeatable. I was using an older sunbeam iron and not that it was bad but it definitely doesn't stand up to my Rowenta. I had also been looking at just buying a steamer but my Rowenta has that function built in so I was set!
 This is a great product, a lot of steam and its weight makes pressing easy, takes less time to get the work done.
 I received an iron that has been used!
 I've had a few irons over the years, and this one is pretty nice. I like the Black and Decker digital temp selects, but the articulating cords wear out after 150 uses or so (two to three years of weekly ironing). Same thing happened with a Shark iron I got to replace my second B&amp;D. Decided to give the Rowenta a try, and so far, I'm liking it. Good, even steam. The pointed nose works well between the buttons on shirts. I kind of wish it had digital temp control, but the dial seems to be accurate, so if the power cord ball joint holds up, this may be my favorite iron yet.
 Zero dislike. Iron daily now!
 I love this iron! heats up quickly, gives great heat &amp; steam, reducing ironing time for cottons and wrinkly fabrics.  I have needed this in my life!!
 Good weight, works smoothly. Don't mind ironing again. Glad I bought it and replaced the useless junk we had. Thanks.
 I am please with my iron. The steam get all the wrinkles out. My family loves the Rowenta iron, I would buy another one.
 best
 Very good iron.
 Excellent
 Great Iron!!!
 Outstanding
 Good Iron Box.
 This is the second Rowenta iron that I have owned. I like it very much, but  I was disappointed that it did not have the retractable cord feature. or the seperate water refill cup.
 Wonderful iron<br/>I really enjoyed every minute<br/>It is very compact
 My son loves this iron.
 Warm iron on clothes, wrinkles gone. That was why I bought it.
 Great product
 LOVE LOVE LOVE IT
 Balanced and works great! Wish it had some sort of cable management
 Great iron!
 Best iron ever !!!!!!!!!!
 after buying a Rowenta iron some years ago, l would never buy any other make, this one too, is excellent.
 Good quality. Well disigned.
 Best iron I've had.  Love it!
 Good iron BUT started leaking brown water after about 1 year - and I'm very carful to empty out all water after every use and leave "lid' to water tank open. Always leave iron at an angle when not in use at the stand on side of ironing board.<br/>BUT the reason I only gave it three stars - these are expensive irons and they don't last long.<br/>I bought this on from Amazon on March 3-, 2016 and it stopped working today, December 27, 2017 so I got about 21 months out of it. Will just not turn on. Saw it shutting off occationally during the past month but now it gave up.
 Stopped getting hot after just over 3 months.  I chose this brand to get quality, and it was a bit of a surprise.  Now the fun of a warranty issue starts since it is past the Amazon return period.
 makes life so much easier! powerful steam
 Does a very nice job.
 Love this iron ! Would definitely recommend it highly . Thank you Amazon for the quick delivery .
 The best iron I've ever had.  Now I know why people recommend a Rowena!
 So far so good.  No more junk from china!
 Needs refilling  (water) very frequently.  Otherwise, a very good iron.
 This iron has a large water resevoir and heats rapidly. The quality of this iron which was made in Germany far exceeds the quality of my previous Rowenta which was made in China, and I thought that was a very nice iron. For someone who hates ironing this iron makes the job less tedious.
 Only buy and use Rowenta. You really get your moneys worth with this iron. Irons smoothly, and I like that it has a little weight behind it. Makes it easier to glide over clothes.
 Excellent steam iron... best I have ever used.
 I am very happy with my new Rowenta iron. It works very well when ironing clothing as well as quilting. Some customers stated they had leaking problems,as of yet I have not had any leaking problems. The shipping time was as stated.  I would recomend this iron to my friends.
 I love this iron.
 Awesome iron. Well worth the money.
 Great iron.
 I did some serious comparison shopping before buying this and I love it! Heats up fast, lots of steam! Be careful though! The steam bursts have burnt me once or twice.  They are powerful.
 Lots of steam. Large sole plate. Heavy. Short cord - you need an extension cord
 Best iron I have ever had!!!
 Absolutely the best iron I have ever used or had.
 This iron irons!! It does exactly what it’s supposed to do. A little heavy but wgood tsk perfectly.
 Fantastic.  Heats up super-fast and produces clouds of steam.
 Fantastic
 great quality
 I enjoy this iron a great deal.  It irons great and I enjoy the weight of it.
 It is awesome!!!
 Make ironing enjoyable!
 Works well,
 I like it a lot
 I bought this iron 10 months ago. The manufacturer has already replaced it once. The steam button gets stuck and you have to wait until it’s ready to unstick. I’ve used Rowenta for years and am sorely disappointed in their products.
 I have used this iron multiple times and find it so easy to use.  Presses all types of fabrics.  Easy to clean.
 Very smooth ironing
 Immediately the smoothness of the hot flat surface was apparent. Also the steam options have a lot of difference on folds and wrinkles. So far so good.
 I am pleased with it so far. It is heavy enough that I don't have to tire myself out pushing down to press the heirloom dresses I make.
 Great Product!
 This is the second Rowenta Iron that we've had, and we love its performance.  It will probably be the only kind that we will buy in the future.
 Lasted 15 months -- leaking and inconsistent heating.
 Well, I've now had this iron for seven months.....and it's dead.  No more Rowenta irons for me.  I.  am.  done.
 Very good BUT you need to fill the water after nearly every shift sometimes after 2 shirts. That's with the steam on high but it means this way you iron the shirt faster and with no crinkles
 I have been sewing for 65 years and this is the best iron I have EVER had.  The weight, design, steam, oh just everything, are perfect.  I have been telling all my quilting friends that the next time they need an iron, this is the one to buy.
 The iron is solid and appears to be built with quality in mind.  The performance is as expected - no complaints.
 This is a fine iron but I hesitate to go to 5 stars as I had to purchase this because my last one (same model) was only 14 months  old and quit on me.  For the price ,I feel they should last a little longer. 'Hope this one does.
 It is auto shut off, but recommends to unplug and empty water each use.  400 holes...amazing steam!
 This iron was terrible. It leaked constantly and would only stay hot for about 3 minutes. It had great steam for about 2 minutes then it couldn't maintain heat to produce steam. Don't waste your money.
 Wish it had an on/off button and alert when temp is reached.  Too easy to inadvertently adjust temperature setting by knocking dial.  Haven't found an iron that doesn't dribble.  This one is no different.
 Best iron we have every bought !!!
 Being a Rowenta, I know it is of good quality and will last a long time!
 This my second Rowenta iron.<br/>Iron works very well.<br/>I love ironing now!
 Very good
 The product is sub standard. Does not heat up enough to remove wrinkles from clothes. Charging for return shipment of this product is not right!
 Easy to handle. Easy to use.  Just great.  I am pleased that I purchased it. Works well with small item as well as larger ones.
 Slowly, almost imperceptibly, the iron started leaking after about 9 months use, just a drop at a time.  But by one year post-purchase (after the warranty was gone), it was a full-on gusher from the base every time I tried to fill it.  It isn't worth paying for repair, so I tossed it today. I see this complaint (leaking) very commonly in consumer reviews not just with Rowenta irons, but other brands as well.  Why can't they just  make an iron that doesn't leak?
 nice iron
 Good
 Had one previous. Wife and I wanted same iron, has a good weight, nice size and enough features to get the job done.
 Very happy with this product.
 Amazing heat and steam.  Rowenta's are the best this is the second one I have owned.
 I have 2 kids wearing school uniforms, so I iron religiously every week and this iron makes it so much easier!
 Love the weight, the heat and such a great burst of steam! One of the few irons not made in china and you can tell the difference in quality
 I have purchased a lot of irons for quilting but this is my absolute favorite! It beats the $1500 Laura Star ironing system that I purchased even! Could not give it any higher recommendations!
 great balance, quick heat up, wonderful constant steam, and the narrow tip works great!!! Not made in China!!!
 This is my first Rowena iron. The weight of my iron is heavier than I thought it would be. My shipment was timely. I hope this iron will<br/>Last for years.
 The ironing capability is great. However, it does run out of water quick if you set it to full steam.
 Best Iron we've ever had.  Almost makes you look forward to ironing
 Very heavy and must re-fill water well often.  Otherwise great iron.
 Simply amazing product!
 Nice iron. Water level is hard to read.
 Excellent product; smooth operating.  This is my fourth Rowenta iron.  I am a firm believer in ironing clothing for the not slept-in look.  My last Rowenta was a bit of a disappointment as it kept shutting down and had to be disconnected before any additional use.
 Love this iron
 It's slightly heavier than what I expected, but it works perfectly!
 This was as great iron at the beginning but after a year it started to leak from the bottom. This is my 2nd Rowenta and they both have this leaking problem. Very disappointed that it's not made better.
 5 months after I bought the product, the "stainless steel" plate is rusting.
 Performs as expected and as it should.
 Wonderful on my first one lasted 22 years if this would last that long my grandchildren will be using it
 Never spews or drips. Always plenty of steam. Best affordable iron on the market.
 Love, Love, Love this iron!
 great steam
 This iron worked quite well for 15 months of rather infrequent usage. Unfortunately it now leaks like a sieve, despite being drained after every use and used, per directions, with tap water.
 I did buy it for a gift and my friend loved it!
 I just received this iron today. My old iron died, and I found myself needing one. I have always hated to do ironing, and before I bought a new iron I went to the dry cleaners to price how much it would cost to just have the shirts pressed for me. I found that it cost over $3 per shirt to have them pressed, which adds up over time. As I read the other reviews on this iron, I was trying to decide if I wanted to spend over $80 for an iron. I finally decided to get this iron and I'm so happy that I did! This Rowenta iron made the chore very easy for me. I am very surprised at how light the iron felt as it slid over the fabric, easily taking out all the wrinkles. The steam function is excellent. It did not leak water like so many steam irons do. I ironed 10 shirts tonight, so I figure I worked off $30 off the cost ($3 per shirt x 10 shirts at the cleaners). I'm sure it will pay for itself many times over.  I would buy this iron again in a heartbeat. Don't hesitate--it is worth every penny.
 Light and efficient great iron for the price
 I purchased this iron in Dec. 2014. It stopped working yesterday. Should it not have lasted longer?
 Works well. Larger hands may cause unintentional reset of the temperature control .
 Excelent
 Leaks all over my clothes, you can have it back.
 So far so good.  It is heavy, which make it easier to press.  I really have not ironed much so can't really give you a good review.
 The quality is excellent! I actually have to turn the steam down (powerful) just what a quilter or sewer needs- a little pricey but worth it!
 Great iron
 ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PRODUCT.  ONE OF THE BEST STREAM IRON I HAVE EVEN OWNED. I WILL FORVER BUY THIS TYPE IRON.
 My wife loves this iron!
 Had a rowenta for 13 years so ordered again and so far am just as satisfied
 This is a wonderful iron, came in great time and did not disappoint me at all.
 This iron is not heating up.
 This is the second Rowenta iron that I have purchased. It irons great and I haven't had any problems with it at all.
 Easy to use with simple directions. I am very pleased.
 Great iron, works well, no problems so far.
 Great purchase...
 Returned product as did not heat
 I'm very pleased with this product!
 i love it, best iron, work nicely....
 It was bought as a gift but they love it!
 I am enjoying ironing again! The iron doesn't leak and does a great job.  Completely satisfied.
 Works great.  Heats up quickly.  Large container to hold water.
 I paid just over $70 for this steam iron, and had high hopes for it, given the "very high" ratings it has received, not just on amazon.com but on several "consumer report" websites, including Good Housekeeping. Sadly, I've been disappointed by the reality. The heavier weight of this iron doesn't translate into wrinkle-free clothes in less time, just extra drag, while ironing. It consumes rather a lot of water, without being really steam efficient -- three full tanks of water to iron five shirts and two pairs of trousers. Also, the iron does drip, despite being advertised as "anti-drip".  So, all in all, I would not recommend this iron. It just isn't good value for money. Such a pity the Philips range of steam irons is unavailable on amazon.com.
 I just love my new Rowenta iron.  WOW! lots of steam which gets the job done fast...
 This iron is paying for itself by saving me money on my cleaners bill. I'm able to iron out winkles in suits I'd send to the cleaners. The steam output makes it possible for your garments to appear professionally processed.
 I love the weight of the iron
 This iron replaced one we dropped.  Rowenta makes an excellent product that has lasted us for years.  We never considered any other iron.  Amazon always has the best price and excellent service.
 It's heavier than I expected,  but WOW  does it blast the steam.  LOVE that part so will just have to pump some iron and get my ironing muscles used to the weight :)
 Absolutely disappointing.  I ordered a new Rowenta DW5080 Focus iron that was made in Germany but what was delivered was a used DW4060 iron that was made in China.  The iron was placed in a DW4070 box that was stuck with scotch tape.  That was my first clue that something was wrong.  It was also obvious from dirty adhesive marks that stickers were removed from the box.  Inside the box, the iron was in a torn plastic bag and had a label across the front that said "May contain water from factory quality test".  From the bottom of the iron, it appeared that it had already been used.  This isn't even worth the 1 star!
 Good quality！
 Iron continues to shut off without warning.  Almost impossible to get it to turn back on.<br/>Won't buy another Rowenta.
 Purchased this iron after our old one just wouldn't turn in anymore. Someone suggested we get a Rowenta and we couldn't be happier. It heats up quickly, keeps its temperature and is so comfortable and smooth. I hate to iron, to be honest. But having a good iron almost makes it fun!
 Best iron I've owned<br/> my clothes looks and feels like I picked them up from cleaners
 I try to do as little ironing as possible and have a hard time getting decent results with most irons. This Iron is so good it makes me look like I almost know what I'm doing.
 I luck the 1600 better. Doesn't get has hot as the 1600watt.
 Purchased as a gift.  Was well received and user loves it!
 This is my third Rowenta. So far, I have been very impressed with the design and functionality.
 I enjoy ironing with iron, I recommend  it highly.
 Fantastic iron. Even better than our previous Rowenta!
 This is by far the BEST iron I have ever used.
 this iron was as good as advertized. You cannot go wrong with this iron this is a work horse thanks
 This is a replacement for my wifes steam iron ( also a Rowenta) she is a confirmed Rowenta<br/>user of many years.  Great products - she would have none other.  She declares that the<br/>400 holer is marvalous.  Thanks Rowenta for GREAT products!<br/><br/>James R. Morehead
 Expect to buy a new one every two years.
 Love this iron!
 Very good iron.
 I am not satisfying from this seller.
 Love it. heats up fast. glides smoothly across clothes. Great buy! Only thing I would suggest is a retractable cord.
 Bought it from Amazon Warehouse, used like new. It would power on and heat up but as soon as it gets hot, a continuous clicking noise would start and keep on going until we unplug and wait for it to cool down. If plugged while still hot, the noise was still there. Thought we'd buy Made in Germany and get something that will last. It didn't last a day. Not buying anything Rowenta any more, regardless of country of origin.
 Love this iron...It has more steam vents that any other iron I have had and it is easy to fill and empty.
 Works Great!!!
 This iron is of very high quality and I am enjoying it tremendously.  It does everything it is supposed to do and I love the pointed plate which allows you to get in to those hard to reach places.  I absolutely love this iron.
 Very happy with it
 Wonderful iron!  Love it!
 One of the few steam irons still made of metal - but it's weight made it unsuitable at our house. Lifting it out of the box made it obvious we couldn't keep it. If you're looking for a durable iron with a solid reputation, this one might work for you. Directions indicate tap water only for steam feature. With our very hard water, that was contrary to our impression that distilled water won't leave mineral deposits. We sadly returned it and continue to search out our next iron.
 I have had many Rowenta Irons, but this one is terrible.  It doesn't hold the water.  It spits it out, and  after ironing a couple of things there is no water left.  I hope I will be able to return it.
 I have used nothing but Rowenta Irons forever.  If I had any complaint it would be that it doesn't hold enough water.  Once I get to ironing it's for awhile and I refill quite often.  Other than the refills my ironing days are a pleasure!
 Oh my gosh I love this iron.  Irons in less than 1/2 the time
 Excellent performance
 Wonderful iron.
 The name speaks for it self, had one it broke after many years of use went with another brand was never happy just bought another Row.
 I really like this iron. It has a great point to get around buttons and collars and the steam is strong enough for just about anything.
 Great iron with lots of steam. Heats up fast and great for sewing and quilting. Makes ironing a breeze.
 I read all kinds of reviews for different irons, and I finally settled on this one.  I'm so glad I got it!  My previous iron leaked a lot and only steamed when it felt like it.  This iron produces a lot of steam, depending on the setting of course, but when you ask for steam, you get steam!!  And one pass is enough to smooth wrinkles.  Ironing is much faster now, and almost fun ;)  The water tank has a very secure cover, and the dials and buttons are well made and easy to use.
 I am very satisfied with my iron.
 I am very happy with my purchase I also recommend to my friend she brought it and she likes alot
 I love It.
 Worked fine for one pair of jeans. It stopped working on the second pair. Gonna give another one a chance based on the reviews. I was suspect about the packaging  when it arrived. Appeared used.
 It was rebuilt and leaked water and had to be returned.
 AWESOME! Can't ask for a better iron!
 5 months past the end of the warranty and leaking all over the place.  Rowenta of today is not the same as Rowenta 20 years ago.
 As expected
 Great product. Best iron I've owned.
 Great iron so far....
 Works great........best Rowenta we have ever had........it's keeps getting better.
 Works great.
 Developed water leak
 It  feels lighter than my last one it steams better and even on dry it  oh performs my last one<br/> In my opinion it's a great value
 It has stopped heating up after two uses !
 finally graduated to the big boys iron. makes an otherwise tedious project more appealing.
 Very nice.
 Love it and had a lot of steaming
 Awesome Product and Price.
 Only reason I didn't give a 5star is because while ironing, the back of your fingers changes the setting.
 Best iron I've ever used
 The iron is only one year old and quit today! This should not be the case with such an expensive iron.
 Great iron
 Nice weight, good steam power - gets the job done really well.
 Best iron I've had to date. Very good product!
 Wife happy!  Happy wife,happy life
 awesome iron. would highly recommend.
 Just received it, nice design but water drinks up too too fast, plus big leaking problem... my whole floor was wet!!!! Are you sure this is made in Germany???? I have to send it back!
 A great iron
 Good product.
 I have owned this iron for about three years, moderate use. Water is dripping out from the where the electrical cord exits making this iron useless. I expected more.
 Iron weight is heavier than I'm use to.  Steam works great and you use regular tap water.
 Good
 Did not work, had to return.
 Delivered fast.  Great product!!!
 Limited water capacity.
 Good products and delivery time.  I like it
 Nice product.
 Love this iron! Received when promised!
 I can say that the water intake is a little awkward compared to my last one but otherwise I am very happy I made the purchase.  The model is selling for more everywhere else I looked.  It is doing an excellent job on my shirts.  Good weight to it as well.
 One of the upper end steam irons from Rowenta.  We had another similar iron, but it was too costly to repair by them.<br/>Seems to be a good product.  We shall see.  A little pricey. We found out that  BJ's sells it for less.
 After 6 mos. it broke. Does not heat up.
 Nice steam action! Presses clothing professionally. I feel it's worth the investment! Especially when your ironing for a small family.
 Hubby said it's the best iron I've ever bought!!
 I just wish it had an off button.
 being in my 80s i have owned many irons but i like this one the best
 I love my new iron! Not too heavy and glides easily over the fabric plus the pointed front gets into hard to reach places.
 I love it!  Irons beautifully.  The steam is great and high heat makes ironing easy with this iron.  My previous iron was a Rowenta but this one far surpasses the old one.  Truely the best iron I've ever owned!
 Wonderful Product exceeded expectationds
 This iron is very nice!!  I love it!!  I am using it mostly for pressing seams and fabric for quilting.
 Love it. Great iron.
 Excellent product!
 Damn good Iron
 My wife irons everything and is an iron expert.  We have been through many irons over the last several years including some Rowentas but this by far is her favorite.  The steam is incredible.  We would recommend this iron to anyone.  You can't go wrong.
 I only heavy starch my clothes and it works great specially on heavy starch Levi's jeans I love this iron
 Nice product
 We really like this iron. I'd highly recommend it to family and friends.
 Iron fails to heat up after a year and a half.
 I just got my iron 4/14/2015 and was excited about having (what I considered) a superior iron. Rowenta sold me on the fact that they didn't drip.  Like you, I followed all the directions and used for the first time this morning. It dripped so much water I thought it was a fountain.  The temperature indicator light keeps going on and off and it spit water from the holes and ALSO dripped from the side/bottom.  I am so disspoointed I think I'm going to return this weekend. I'm going to give it another try for the next couple of days. I've had a B&amp;D Iron I've had for 9 years that just started leaking a few months ago. I think I will be going back to that brand after this horrible experience.
 I should have upgraded my Rowenta sooner.<br/>I iron all our clothing.<br/>Ironing done much faster with this model.<br/>Would definitely purchase again.
 Best iron I've ever owned.
 Great iron, all reviews where spot on which is why I purchased it.
 Great iron for the price, would recommend highly.
 Best Iron we have ever had!!!  That says it all.
 Best iron I have ever had.
 New anti-calc feature is great and easy to use.  It is amazing how much calcium builds up using the hard water in Southern California!
 Nice iron with lot of Steam
 best Iron since my last 4 Iron purchases. My wife simply loves it.
 Great Iron! Has good heavy weight and the perfect amount of steam! The pointed nose is excellent for getting into small areas. Does a great job!
 It's terrific!
 Rowenta Focus DW5080<br/>We didn't know how bad our old iron was until we got this great iron. It almost irons itself! Don't have to go back and forth over the same area trying to get the wrinkles out this iron does it sometimes with 1 pass! While it is not light it is easy to use.
 Exceeded expectations
 Plenty of steam for ironing cottons and linens!  So far so good!
 Great iron with good steam.
 Bought it for Christmas Gift, she loves it
 Love it, a little different than my last Rowenta but OK!
 It work very well. The clothes become very nice, even the hardest ones. It save my time ! This is my esconder rowenta, and the first last 5 years.
 Outstanding!!!
 Very nice
 Love the new iron
 easy works great
 Great iron for its price.
 This iron gets the wrinkles out, and the front point of the iron allows you to get in narrow parts of the garment being ironed.
 Excellent product!
 I have had several Rowenta irons and this is probably the best.  I like the many steam vents on the sole plate and the shape of the iron makes getting into difficult places much easier.  It has a nice size tank for the water.
 Great Iron
 Perfect in every way!
 The iron works extremely well.
 This iron has lived up to every expectation.  It steams perfectly with spitting or dripping and turns itself off if not being used.  I recommend it hightly.
 Excellent Iron!!!!!!!!!
 Wonderful streamlined iron. This is the Cadillac of all irons.  Just the right weight for ironing.  Wish I would have had an iron like this years ago, but better late than never.
 An amazing iron. I'm a professional seamstress... and this beast has power. Sometimes the steam is so intense , my glasses fog to where I can't see my work. Very precise..heats fast..cools fast. I highly recommend it.
 Best iron I ever used
 Awesome. Steam function is amazing.
 Christmas gift haven't used yet.
 I've just started sewing again and a good iron is a must. I just have used it once, but it work well. lots of stream.
 I researched many irons before deciding on this one. Excellent iron. Well worth the money. The steam features are very good.
 loves it best iron she has ever had
 Smooth operation, has everything you need in an iron.
 Great steam.  I wish the cord was longer.  I wish I could iron like this man. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylQtbXFZ4yw
 Best iron I have ever owned.
 I saw other reviews that talked about the iron leaking, but I thought they just got one bad apple and that mine would be fine (because my old Rowenta has been fabulous, but is finally just worn out).  I was wrong.  I ironed 3 shirts, and the leakage was so bad that the water reservoir was empty before I finished the third.  I tried to set the iron on various steam and temperature settings ... it leaked, no matter what, right down to the last drop of water in the iron.  OK ... even if you think you'll order one because yours won't leak, let me tell you about the uncomfortable design!  I had a blister at the base of my thumb after ironing those 3 shirts .... the steam and spray buttons are on the front of the grip of the iron handle (in the picture, it looks like it will be a convenient place to use them, right?), so that you are constantly irritating your hand where you grip the iron.  So, even if the iron didn't leak, I would not use it because it is so uncomfortable.
 So far So good
 Great works very well and gets very hot. Also has great build quality as it should.
 Great steam iron!
 Great iron, but a little heavy
 I am an iron snob. I iron daily and have gone through iron after iron. This one is the best. Bar none. Hands down. Incredible.
 Good weight and great steam. My only criticism is the lack of a shut-off switch. You have to unplug it to turn it off.
 This is the best iron I have ever had.  I like the size and weight and the good instructions about how to use it.
 Rowenta always puts out a good product. The water fill is large enough I don't have to worry about air bubbles and spillage.  Love it!
 It did not get to use it much, but so far so good. Came on time. Packaged nicely. Works well. No complaints:)
 Gr
 Great iron. It is wonderful.  I am very happy with the product.
 Best iron I have ever purchased
 it's good so far
 Awesome iron. Throws out a huge amount of stream. Glides over everything. Heats up quickly. Couldn't ask for more.
 Ok
 Seems to work well,
 Great.  Takes wrinkles out fast.
 Great
 The is a great steam iron. I have had a dozen irons in my life and this is the absolute best!
 This iron is great.  I was able to iron my linen shirt without using any spray starch, just a little water.<br/><br/>I would recommend purchasing this iron.<br/><br/>This another winner sold by you Amazon.
 Excellent quality iron.
 I got it for my wife so I'll let her tell you.... I love this iron, it is everything that you claim it is. It actually feels good to iron, and I never thought I would say that! It was worth every penny my husband spent on it.
 Easy handling and smooth glide due to stainless surface -  LOT's of steam and nice wrinkle free shirts.<br/>I can recommend it.
 Love this iron. will recommend it to anyone needed new iron
 I've owned a few Rowentas and this one is my least favorite so far. The burts of steam are so quick they're relatively useless and the iron is either lukewarm or burning hot so you have the choice of spending 45 minutes ironing a shirt or incinerating it. It performs like a bargain basement iron and not at all what I would expect from Rowenta.
 Exceed my expectations, best iron I ever had, and the best looking.
 Just what I expected. Good weight, German made, fast to heat up. Love it.
 Best flat iron I ever had. Very good steam action and has a non stick plate.
 Excellent iron! Best I have ever used!
 strong and durable
 Great iron. Functions are wonderful. One minor drawback....it is a bit heavy.  But really does the job.
 Steam power is amazing on this iron, although water tank does empty pretty quickly.. (Every 2 shirts or so) Otherwise very happy... and surprisingly, plate does not rust!
 Lightweight, heats up quickly, I'm very satisfied.
 Works really well so far.
 works perfectly. heats up fast.
 Excellent
 Too expensive verses better model found of the same brand at Costco for $20 less.
 Love this iron. Iron warms up fast and one press does the job. Automatic steam function is very convenient.
 Best iron I have ever had.  Steam is quick and plentiful, comfortable to use
 The best quality iron I have ever had.
 Very good
 This model produces lots of steam when needed. Tank is decent size.  Just what you expect from Rowenta.  No complaints.
 Am very pleased with the iron - delivery included.
 The reviews were right, this is a great iron, I enjoy using it for my sewing projects it performs beautifully.
 Best iron  I have ever owned.  Almost makes ironing a pleasure.
 I have owned several irons and this one is by far the best. I Would recommend and would buy again.
 You will never buy a better Iron, Professional Quality and easy to use.  Throw that old heavy clunker away and buy this Rowenta DW5080.
 Light weight.  Excellent steam. Love the slim nose that lets you iron between pleats and darts.
 Heats up quickly.  Irons with ease.
 Love love this iron!  I'm sorry I waited so long to purchase a new iron...nice crisp clothes.
 Great weight and love the design!
 Couldnt ask for more works awesome
 My Rowena Focus is the best iron I've ever owned.  I love it!  I tried the Steamier, but it can't hold a candle to the Focus!
 Great.
 great product performs as advertised
 excellent product
 Very good for me
 Great iron. Lots of steam all the time if you require it. Very happy with the purchase.
 It does all what I have bought for it.
 Love this iron. I use it everyday.
 wasn't what I expected. Had to keep filling the water tank.  Kept shutting down to soon.  It would have been what I needed, but had it's problems.
 After reading all instructions, tried the different methods of steam water, and always got  spitting.  Tap water and distilled water worked the best with still some spitting. Did like the features, heft, and dry ironing.
 I recieved it , filled it and water ran all over my floor
 Fits all my needs.
 Excellent product - lots of steam, heats up quickly.
 This is the best iron I've ever owned, and I'm in my seventies.
 Would love to know what the heck they were thinking when this iron was designed.  I don't consider plugging and unplugging to be a good replacement for an on and off switch.  Boooooooooo.
 Wonderful Iron!  Highly Recommend!  If you are someone who irons, this is the iron for you.
 It was everything I wanted in a iron and more
 I am happy with y Rowenta DW5080 Focus...
 Works fine for our ironing board.
 Love the iron. Works good for getting into small places with the small pointed nose.
 kick ass iron
 Had the same Rowenta for 15 years. Now I can't get one that doesn't start leaking within a year of purchase.
 Love Rowenta!  Great quality, arrived promptly!
 Great iron for the price!
 Loved this iron until it just died, only few days after its 18 month warranty expired. The amount of steam is great and no other iron does better job on linens and heavy weight fabrics.
 Love it. Buy it.
 it is excellent
 Very happy with the performance of this product.
 steam iron works great. starts up quickly.
 Great iron!!
 Very happy with this iron
 It has met all of our expectations. It is very easy to use,and there is no spillage.
 Great ironing job! Love the steam on this one. It works really well. Have not experienced anything bad with this,
 This item is excellent and as advertised.  I loved this item is all that I expected and more.  Would recommend to anyone.
 Wife loves it.  She said absolutely the best she has ever owned
 excellent iron.  works exceptionally well and is worth cost
 Never knew I could be so impressed with an iron!
 So far, so good. It was a much needed upgrade from the iron I had. It holds a lot of water so I don't feel like I'm constantly having to refill it.
 This iron actually makes ironing a breeze. I love it!
 From the first day I bought Rowenta steam iron, impressed me very favorably, is a product with excellent presentation, very neat and finished the most important works excellently. I recommend the brand Rowenta am a happy consumer.
 THIS IS THE BEST ROWENTA I HAVE ERER PURCHASED.<br/>I LOVE THE WAY IT IRONS MY CLOTHES, IT JUST GLIDES.<br/>FRIENDS HAVE SEEN IT AND WANT TO PURCHASE ALSO.
 Love this iron..only had it for one day..but love it!!!!
 -One of the best irons I've ever used.
 Heavy iron so I don't have press hard when ironing. Good steam makes the ironing job more pleasurable and less tiresome. Arrived quicker than stated. I'm very happy
 Great iron!!
 Very happy with this iron!
 Great!  Wish it was lighter
 Irons can be very frustrating, since they all seem to leak, no matter the cost. i have bought the best and also the cheap, so far this iron seems adequate, definitely well made
 I've had this for a couple weeks and have probably used it 2-3 times ( I let my ironing accumulate, then iron a bunch of things in a row).  I like the pointed tip, the 400 holes for steam, and the weight of this iron.  I find the temp. dial hard to read and have not learned how to get a burst of steam.  I know I need to read the instructions and do a little experimenting.
 I find it awkward to operate.  Should have bought a less expensive older type iron.
 Love it
 great iron
 Excellent iron! I fill with water and I never have to use spray starch to get wrinkles out! It's the best iron zi ever had!
 The water runs out fast if you have the stream going, but that's expected of a good iron. Puts out a lot of steam and flattens and straightens with the best of them.
 Excellent iron! Recommend
 Great iron with awesome steam out put. There is no need for starch and it creates nice finish lines, just a great iron.
 The iron puts out lots of steam and is everything it says it is. The high heat and steam take wrinkles out quickly. Makes ironing clothes a pleasure if there is such a thing.
 The first iron I received would not heat up past 150 degrees (should reach at least 350 degrees). The replacement one had the exact same problem. Searching online it appears that this is a common issue with these irons. The fact that two separate irons have identical thermostat problems suggests that are significant quality control problems with these irons.
 loved it
 Great product. Second one I have owned. First one lasted 15 years;
 great !! use it every week :)
 Awesome! You get what you pay for!
 This iron makes ironing a breeze. It is the best I have ever owned. My wife enjoys ironing now. She irons things that don't even need ironed.
 My wife loves the 400 steam holes and the pressure the have. This one replaced our old Rowenta of 5 yrs. this iron is not the most expensive but it will not let you down.
 Best iron I've ever owned! I might actually start to like ironing now.
 great product
 Great iron!
 So far so good...good weight, good design
 I really enjoy shopping with Amazon. The service is fantastic. Delivery is always on time or early. Amazon resolves any problems that I have with fantastic results. I wish to thank you Larry Pailer
 I had been looking for a quality iron for a while. I heard about this brand and decided to buy it. I am very pleased with the purchase. It works great!
 I absolutely despise ironing, but this iron makes it quick and easy. I don't hesitate to wear something that needs ironed now! Definitely recommend buying this product!
 It is light and the appearance is top class. Definitely an item I would recommend.<br/>so far nothing negative to say
 My mom encouraged me to purchase this iron, and I love it! I adore the pointed tip and the abundant amount of steam. I appericate this iron compared to the irons I have purchased in the past.
 Steam is tremendous.
 This iron is amazing.
 Best iron ever. Great weight, design and AWESOME results. I'm finicky about my irons and my clothing :)
 This iron performs very well. It performs every action as described and is worth every penny spent.
 Very good i need another one though
 best iron I ever had
 I love it works well for all I needed with a reliable iron with the correct operating  function.
 Its no working well
 I have been using Rowenta irons for many, many years.  I love to iron and they make the process so easy.  I was amazed at the considerable savings from Amazon compared to local stores.
 It is hard to review an iron in a week. It looks and performs good. The brand name guarantees the proper work in the years to come. At least I hope
 nice and hot, lots of steam
 I love this iron. Works amazing! I have the same model for years. Tried to switch for a different model and was very diappointed. The model is the best!
 Great Iron, very pleased thank you.
 I go through so many irons but so far this one tops them. Love pointed tip - gets in all corner of the clothing. The steam is perfect. Just wish it was a little lighter in weight.
 I would not recommend Rowenta DW 508-80 Focus 1700- Micro Steam iron. Following receipt of the product the iron operated for only 30 minutes before ceasing to work.<br/>Being supplied from the United States we are left pondering what to do with a new iron that does not operate.<br/>Also there are no directions provided from Amazon, the supplier, on how to deal with a faulty product.
 Great iron! Steams clothing perfectly. Love to use it for my quilting too.
 The iron produces a lot of steam, easy to fill with water,the cord stays out of the way and the price was reasonable.  My last iron was the Singer EF which was over a year old so I had to replace it and was not able to purchase a new one from Amazon.  The Rowenta uses a lot of water so I have to fill it a lot. I do a lot of ironing so this is an inconvenience. It is also heavier than my Singer.  A small thing was the directions were all picture symbols so it took me longer to figure out the instructions.
 Love this iron
 The iron is magnificent. Would highly recommend it
 I have been using the iron for two months now and absolutely love it. The steam feature is very similar to professional steaming that makes ironing easy and quick.
 just love it,replaced rowenta I had for 14 years, does a great job
 Please be aware that in less than one year this iron may leak water profusely for no apparent reason.  Mine has and the time limit has passed for a return.
 its a workhorse
 Very nice iron!! Loads of steam. I've had it for 3 months without any issues.
 It is like they describe. But I would like more and gradual steam settings.  So I can work with desired steam settings.
 Great product and quality.
 Excellent product.
 It works great and arrived when it was promised!!  And at a great price!!
 It's as dependable and easy to use as the last Rowenta iron that we purchased 10 years ago, plus an up to date styling.
 Nice
 just what I wanted, I sent it back for a replacement since the right bottom part was damaged but you refunded me, instead of sending a new one. Too bad.
 Worth every penny
 Love this iron. It works beautifully.
 Excellent product, met all of my needs and requirements.
 Best iron we ever used. Perfectly hot which decreases the ironing time by half, with ultimate results.
 Best iron I have ever owned.
 I have used Rowenta steam Irons in the past but his model is outstanding. I enjoy ironing my clothes now!!! :) I strongly recommend this product.
 Perfect!
 Works like perfection.
 I purchased this for my mom, she loves Rowenta. She told me that this might be the best iron she has ever used! Not too heavy, not to light. Nice steam!
 Perfect. I love the look the functions of this iron.  Not the first time owning one, I left it, never again.
 Best iron I have ever owned!
 this is a nice iron i had a rowenta before and it worked well and im so far quite satisfied with this one too
 Awesome product!
 Very pleased with this iron!
 My first DW5080 iron was "repaired" within a year of purchase. I shipped it to a repair shop 300 miles away, when returned, same problem, leaking all over my clothes. I called the repair shop again, instead of "repairing the old iron" they sent me a new iron, same model. 6 months later leaking again! When I unplugged the iron, water gushed out of the bottom. This is an inferior product. Such a shame I'm old enough to remember when Rowenta was the best, not any more.
 I love it! It is doing a great joab, a little on the heavy side, otherwise great.
 love it
 Love my new iron!
 I love this iron! The steam heat really irons well on cotton. Ironing isn't such a chore with this Rowenta DW5080.
 My new Rowenta is sleek, fine,, reliable,, impressing,, and seems to iron everything out for me, You buy quality,, you get quality, need I say more?
 Easy to use! Great value~~
 Love Rowenta irons, it's light, and has a lot of steam.  Auto shut off when not in use. Will always buy Rowenta
 Works very well
 My wife says it is a fantastic iron.  Must be, got me out of the dog house.
 no matter which model you choose, you will like this brand.  This is my second iron (the 1st was damaged in a car accident) by Rowenta.  I chose this model for ergonomics.  I have trouble with my hands &amp; this handle is a good fit and comfortable.  As always has great wrinkle removal with superior steam delivery.This is important to me as I have been told I am an "indifferent" ironer! Meaning before I discovered Rowenta irons, I ironed in more wrinkles than out!  Anyone can iron beatifully with this brand iron.
 Amazing iron!!!!!
 Good calue
 I've owned many irons in 60 years, and the last 2 were the Rowenta Promaster. This iron in my opinion is by far the best of any iron.
 Dials should be more easily read.
 Quick to heat up, plows through wrinkles. Well worth the premium price.
 It's a pretty good iron . It just sides on the clothes ! I am very happy with my purchase .
 Awesome iron :)
 Best iron ever!
 Great iron. Easy to use.
 Loved this product. Sturdy and well put together. Just follow instructions listed and you will have no problems. A great Rowenta.
 Great iron with excellent weight and performance
 The iron was for my son who irons all his dress shirts. He loves his Christmas gift!!!
 Great steam.  Easy to use.  Love it.
 Does an excellent job on my clothes. Does what it's advertised to do. Thanks.
 A little heavier than my last Rowenta, but still love it.  (If you can love an iron.)  This is from Mrs. Ironing.
 Great product!
 Best purchase I've made.
 Great iron, love it!
 Tons of steam- very easy to move...<br/>It does great work on my clothes.....<br/>I recommend it to ohters- escpeically if you do alot of ironing
 It steams and irons very well.  I wish it were a little lighter in weight.  Over all, it is very good.
 Best iron I've ever owned. Professional looking results.
 Never thought I would say this, but I now love to iron!
 Love it!
 I really like my Rowenta!!!!
 I just love this iron. It does everything I hoped it would.
 AWESOME....the best iron that ever purchased....
 It lives up to all of the reviews.  I am very pleased with it.
 Love the sharp point and ease of use.
 Awesome! Never been so excited to iron clothes.
 Awesome iron!
 Purchased product from Amazon recently. Arrived in great description and as described... All 400 holes were present.
 I'm very happy with my purchase.  This is the best iron I've ever purchases.
 Works as described, easy and effective.
 Top of the line product, but it cost as it should be. I am happy.
 After several uses, I can report this is exactly the iron I had hoped it would be; professional grade, easy to use, works great.
 I don't have room or $$ for a heatpress and since I needed a new iron, I bought this one hoping I could use HTV.  Not sure if it is because of the weight or the heat, but I was able to personalize 4 santa sacks with HTV.
 I've had it only a couple of weeks but so far, so good. I like it even better than my last, 10 year-old, Rowenta.
 Worked fantastic until the water tank began to leak for no apparent reason. Didn't get to use it long, maybe a week.
 This is the worst iron I've had. Ten months of use and there is weird white powder falling out from the inside, probably some kind of enamel.
 awesome iron!
 Best iron ever.It is so nice and I love it.  10 stars !!!!!!!!!
 Steam at lower settings does not always seem to work.
 I've always bought Rowenta products, but this time I was very disappointed.  The iron constantly<br/>leaks water.  By the time I'm done ironing, my ironing board cover is soaked.  What happened<br/>to the quality of this iron???
 This is the third Rowenta made in Germany I have owned. I have loved them all, but this one is the best yet. Plenty of steam. Works wonders on heavy cotton.
 Very easy to use and I can do a shirt quickly.  Great to get in to tight corners.  I bought one for a gift because iI was so satisfied.
 The BEST iron ever ! Don't know how I existed without one!
 Great! Worked so well that I am so sorry I didn't buy a new iron sooner!
 Best Choice! Needed to change to this brand soon! Black and Decker just lost a customer! Thanks Rowenta! This is the best
 This is not the first time I've owned a Rowenta iron. I would not purchase any other iron.
 Its so mch easy and perfect for use
 Great product !!
 Complete crap. By the second use, it was dribbling water all over my ironing board and shirt, then the auto off function seemed to trigger at random.  Sent it back for another, which again had the auto off function trigger randomly. By the third or fourth use the auto off was always activated, meaning the iron didn't heat up at all and became a $75 paperweight.  Returned it and got a refund from Amazon.<br/><br/>From what I've read online, some of Rowenta's newer model irons are now being made in China rather than Germany, leading to a sharp drop in quality.  If you want one of the good Rowenta Irons, look in Bed Bath &amp; Beyond for the DW5183 Rowenta Focus (it's easy to pick out visually since it's a burgundy color rather than the taupe color the above iron comes in).  They don't sell it online, but I was able to find plenty of them in the brick &amp; mortar store near my house. It seems to be pretty much the same item except it actually WORKS and is dependable. Been using it for a few weeks with no real complaints, puts out w ton of steam. Google up a Bed Bath and Beyond 20% off coupon online and you can buy one for about the same price as the above listing.
 Absolutely makes you want to iron everything even your sheets!! I found myself offering to iron my grandchildren's school uniforms!
 it keeps shutting itself off in matter of minutes. cant get the iron to work. defective!
 Fantastic
 Best iron I have ever owned, great for quilting.
 The best iron I have ever used or owned!
 replaced another one just like it that was several years old, very good irons.
 Everything
 The iron is really heavy, other than that it has been a great iron so far.<br/>Warms up really fast too.
 The Rowenta DW5080 steam iron is excellent for any project that may benefit from its configuration whether every-day ironing, quilting, or dressmaking.
 The user manual states it has automatic 3-position cut-out..it will automatically switch off After 30 seconds if the iron is placed down on the soleplate or lying on its side, After 8 minutes if the iron is left standing on its heel.<br/>IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS<br/>3. Always turn the iron OFF before plugging or unplugging the iron from the electrical outlet.<br/>SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS<br/>17. The iron must not be left unattend (spelling) while it is connected to supply mains.<br/>18. Always disconnect the iron from the electrical outlet, before you leave the room.<br/><br/>I did not know this when I bought it and this is way too inconvenient.
 Rowenta has never let me down - great irons.
 Works easily handles the job
 Works great.  Heats up fast.  Easy to control temp and steam.
 My wife and I love it.  Best iron we ever owned.
 Love it .
 Nice iron, I'm not real good with the instruction manual in Hieroglyphics.  There is a plastic disk in the box and nothing about it in the manual.  Guess it is to set the iron on after it cools.
 The iron does dribble a little.  I do like the 400 holes which gives an even steam.
 Great iron except for difficulty in determining water level through dark plastic
 Great iron dos a good job. Have to fill it up more times  but it is good.
 Light weight and easy to use.
 Great!
 Awesome! Great quality with super results.  No complaints.
 Love this iron!  The steam feature is great and it handles easily.
 Awesome product!
 Works as promised.  No water spillage, as in my previous iron.  Glides smoothly across the fabric with very little effort.
 This iron is great!  It does not spit or sputter and gives steam when I need it.  I also like the shape/handle.
 The Mrs. loves the iron.
 Excellent Iron. I highly recommend it.
 Good
 This is the best iron I've ever owned.
 Great iron and great value!
 Best Buy of 2017. My husband loves it and if he’s pleased I’m thrilled!
 Started leaking in less than 6 months...
 Very disappointed. Leaks very bad. Don't buy!!
 Love everything about it. excellent Iron.
 Works great!
 The best, steamy iron we've ever purchased. Had it for 4 months.
 Excellent iron and deal
 Works great
 I have been looking for an iron llike this for years.  Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Nice, efficient and clean. It is worth the price.
 Great iron. I definitely recommend it
 Works really good. Loving it.
 I liked the looks of the iron fine, however, the description of 11" is incorrect.  It measures approximately 11-1/2" and is wide, so it would not fit in<br/>my ironing centers storage space.  So, I am returning it and will continue to look for an iron that is not giant sized.
 Quality unit .
 so far I like it
 Love my Rowenta  wouldn't buy any other brand!
 I purchased this iron and it was the best iron i ever used.  I iron all my clothes and my 6 children's and it worked for awhile great until the power would turn on and off because of the cord. It was under warranty and cord was replaced so in the meantime I ordered the same iron so I could have two of these great irons, now both of the irons turn on and off because of cord.  Do not buy this iron, it isn't worth the headache!!!!!!
 Love it.  Makes ironing a breeze.
 I hate ironing but ironing with my new Rowenta makes the task easier to do.
 Worked fine for about a week, then started leaving reddish streaks on my clothes...
 This iron does the job well and is easy to use.  It is a well-engineered iron.  A lot of thought went into every detail and feature.
 Broke within 6 months. Horrible customer service.. seems like Rowentas days are numbered.. what a pity that no one could revive this company and restore it to its former status..
 I like this iron a lot, I no complaints about it. The stream is really great works well. First high end iron I've bought and I wanted the results to be better than a low end iron. It was worth the money.
 Its working great now and I love it!!!!
 A dream to use - perfect for detailed ironing. Feels comfortable and looks good.
 This is the deal.  Great iron.  Well worth the money.
 The iron came without a manual.
 Fantastic iron and I am an experienced user!
 Amazing iron.  I think it's a little heavy, but it works great.
 My wife is happy, then I'm happy!
 Love it
 Excellent product.<br/><br/>Recommend  the purchase to everyone
 love the iron and it came the next day!  Great service and product.
 Excellent iron so far----
 Exellent product,well made and performs as it was expected I'm very happy.
 Excellent! Worth every dollar!
 Great product!
 great iron---light and irons easily
 iron is great gives off large amount of steam (what i wanted) and very light weight and very easy to use
 Yaaaaaaassss!
 I m very happy with the purchase.
 Like it
 Best iron I ever owned!
 Love this iron!!
 Best Iron I've ever owned setting are perfect. heats up beautifully
 Great Iron... Finally!!!
 best iron I have ever used
 Stopped working after a year.
 Great so far after 3 weeks.
 This iron is fantastic. It cut my ironing time in half. The shape of the plate is designed to get into tight spots.  Very well made.
 We are very pleased with the iron!
 very good
 Not the best iron. Short cord and felt clunky. I had a Sunbeam for 10 years before from Costco. Ended up returning this one and went to Costco and purchased the new version of the Sunbeam. Couldn't be happier. Love my Sunbeam and at a fraction of the cost.
 This is the best iron I have ever used.
 Great iron lots of steam thank you
 This is just what I was looking for in a iron. Love all the steam you get from this iron.
 Best iron ever.
 Sure goes through the water.  Love the heat.
 This iron is a great product. It is highly recommended. Our clothes look great. Easy to use. Well built. Steam is bountiful.
 Wonderful iron, great price.
 Great iron.  Great price.  !!!
 Gave it to my sister as she requested a new iron, SHE LOVES IT!!
 Very good.
 I'm always a fan of quality iron.  I like the design.  It heats up quickly.  It's definitely worth of money.
 my wife was thrilled. It was exactly what she wanted.
 great, works fantastic
 Totally worth the price. Love this iron!
 Simply the best iron I've ever owned.
 Works great, my wife loves it. Smooth, fast, easy to handle and has good ratings with consumer report. good buy
 I had to return it. It would not stay on for even one minute.
 Smooth ironing!! Great iron!
 Great product
 Amazing
 My wife was very pleased with her iron. The best she has ever had compared to the best she has owned.  Sam Robinette
 Other than being heavier than I had expected, an quite a bit heavier than my old Rowenta, it is ok!
 Very satisfied. Meets every expectation.
 Excellent product!!!
 I was so excited (I cannot believe I just used that word) because I do not know how to iron well. A friend said this is the brand!  If you get this iron...you can do things quickly and easily.  The weight of the iron is good and the steam is fine. It just doesn't get very hot. I have only had this iron about one month and bought it new.  75.00 for an iron that is a bit more than warm.  I sprayed the bottom with a mist of water and it didn't even sizzle.  Bummed.  No idea how to return or get a replacement.  Maybe I just was unlucky and got a dud.
 Good product
 Great Product
 The iron is easy to use and really works well.  It can be used as a steamer or iron.<br/>It just glides.
 It meets all my ironing needs so far. That is all that I want to write about it at this time.
 My lovely wife is enamored with it !
 LOVE THIS IRON!!!  I wish I had purchased this iron sooner.  It has dramatically cut down my ironing time.  Actually enjoy ironing now... well not really but it does go soooo much smooth which is nice.
 It has been great having this iron. I love it!!!
 great iron..love everything about it.
 G T product
 Excellent Iron!
 Love this iron!  I may even stop using a laundress to iron my shirts.  This iron does everything it promises.  This is my 4th Rowenta.  They just keep making them better and better.  Glad I listened to the "buy the German made one" advice.
 great iron... maneuvers easily &amp; is heavy enough but not too heavy
 The steam!  Wow, the steam...
 I love my new iron! Just what I wanted. Thank you
 Terrible purchase.  Was not able to use it at all.  At first attempt to use it, I filled the iron with water to use the steam feature and the water came out of the electrical cord area.  At that point I unplugged and put it away afraid to use it.
 the heat on this is thing is amazing for the price!
 Best Iron ever!
 It's ok, it leaks a little when you're ironing.
 Great iron, has worked perfect.
 my wife like this rowenta and she is happy
 Love it!
 Works fine so far
 Lots of continous steam!
 It's a very good stuff, I like it.
 It works great and has everything I wanted. But there are the only one thing which didn't let me put 5 stars is the tip of the irons nose is not even with its soleplate. It doesn't affect on functional but makes me feel not 100% satisfy. And a week later I found the same model but 15$ cheaper at my local home goods store.
 Very good iron
 I DO QUITE A BIT OF IRONING, EVEN MY KNOCK AROUND THE HOUSE CLOTHES GET A PRESSING. I HAVE TRIED VARIOUS IRONS, MOST START OUR GREAT BUT WITH IN 6 MONTH TO A YEAR THEY ARE EITHER DROOLING WATER ALL OVER MY CLOTHES OR DONT STEAM AS WELL AS THEY USED  TO AND DONT SEEM TO GET AS HOT. I WANT TO ADD THAT USE ONLY DISTILLED WATER TO KEEP THE IRON FROM GETTING MINERAL CLOGGED. I RECENTLY WAS IN A FABRIC STORE WITH MY WIFE WHEN I WAS INTRODUCE TO THE ROWENTA BRAND OF IRON....WAS TOLD BY THE SALES PERSON THAT ROWENTA WAS THE MERCEDES OF STEAM IRONS. I THOUGHT THE PRICE WAS A BIT REDICULOUS BUT AS THEY SAY YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR. SO WENT TO MY AMAZON ACCOUNT AND PURCHASED A ROWENTA FOCUS. THERE WERE QUITE A BIT OF NEGATIVE REVIEWS...BUT I DONT ALWAYS GO BY THAT. I HAVE BEEN IN CUSTOMER SERVICE FOR A GOOD PART OF MY LIFE AND SOME PEOPLE YOU JUST CANT PLEASE. I WAS ACTUALLY EXCITED TO GET THIS HIGH END IRON...BECAUSE ODLY AS IT MAY SEEM I LIKE TO IRON. SO WHEN I GET THE IRON I UNBOXED IT...FILLED THE TANK WITH WATER..HEATED THE IRON AND STARTED IRONING. I IRONED TWO PAIR OF CARGO SHORTS AND STARTED TO IRON A PAIR OF DOCKER SLACKS....AND NOW IM NOT CHASING WRINKLES BUT WATER DROPLET ALL OVER...IT LOOKED AS IF I WAS IRONING IN THE RAIN. IT TOOK FAR EVER TO FIND THE RIGHT PLACE TO FILE A COMPLAINT WITH ROWENTA...BUT I FOUND THE SIGHT...TOLD OF MY EXPERIENCE AND EVEN POSTED PICTURES. I ALSO WENT TO AMAZON AND REQUESTED A REPLACEMENT IRON WHICH THEY PROMPLY PLACED MY ORDER FOR AND ALSO SENT A RETURN LABEL. I FINALLY GET AN EMAIL FROM ROWENTA...WITH STUPID QUESTIONS LIKE DID I LET THE IRON GET HOT FIRST...I SAID IN THE NARRATIVE I WAS ON MY THIRD GARMENT...BUT I GUESS THEY DIDNT REALLY READ MY CONCERNS. THEN THEY PROCEED TO TELL ME IT WAS MY FAULT FOR USING DISTILLED WATER BECAUSE THEIR IRONS NEEDED THE MINERALS IN THE WATER TO KEEP THEM FROM LEAKING. SOUNDS LIKE A CROCK...BUT I READ UP ON DISTILLED WATER AND IT SEEMS IT HAS SOME DIFFERENT PHYSICAL PROPERTYS THAN REGULAR WATER THAT COULD EFFECT THE STEAM FUNCTIONS. SO I RECEIVE MY REPLACEMENT ROWENTA FOCUS...FILL IT WITH TAP WATER AS DIRECTED...LET THE IRON HEAT UP UNTIL THE LIGHT WENT OUT...PROCEEDED TO IRON. WELL THIS TIME I GOT ONE PAIR OF SHORTS IRONED AND STARTED ON SOME LONG PANTS...THIS IRON STARTED DRIBLING WATER SO BAD I HAD TO RE WASH AND DRY THE PANT AND USED MY OLD SHARK TO DO MY IRONING....IT DOESNT LEAK WATER ALL OVER MY CLOTHES,,,IT JUST DOESNT PRODUCE QUITE ENOUGH STEAM WITHOUT USING THE BURST OF STEAM. I USED THE LAST LETTER FROM ROWENTA INDICATING THAT I WAS STUPID AND IT WAS MY FAULT THEIR PIECE OF CRAP IRON WAS LEAKING...AND REPLIED BACK TELL OF MY EXPERIENCE WITH MY REPLACENT IRON. CANT WAIT TO HEAR WHAT RIDICULOUS CRAP ANSWERS I GET BACK. I HAVE TAKEN THE TIME TO READ A HUGE AMOUNT OF REVIEWS...AND ALMOST ALL THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS WERE FOR WATER LEAKING IRON AND A GREAT MAJORITY WERE WRITTEN BY VERY DISAPOINTED PREVIOUS ROWENTA OWNERS...AND MOST WITH HORROR STORIES OF THEIR EXPERIENCE WITH ROWENTA CUSTOMER SERVICE. SO MY TWO CENTS WORTH IS THAT ROWENTA IRONS ARE OVER PRICED WATER DRIBLING PIECES OF CRAP.
 Best iron that we've ever owned!
 Great!
 I loved this iron until I dropped it. The first time I dropped it off the edge of my ironing board the cover for the water reservoir broke. Great heat and ironed wonderfully, but I had done enough research I believed if I purchased one made in Germany it would be high performance and have a life of more than six months.
 Just perfect!
 I like very much cool item
 as good as advertized!
 I had great hopes for this product. It does good job in ironing cloths but it will shoot up your electricity consumption.
 I went against the reports of leakages, etc. I had previously own a Rowenta and been very pleased. But I got this one in Dec and it is MARCH and it is LEAKING. Argh! I'll never buy a Rowenta again.
 Good
 I bought mine about 18 months ago and it performed better than any iron I have ever owned, however, it just died.  I thought it should have lasted much longer.  About a month before it died it had begun to leak while ironing.  I bought it on sale at Sears for $100 so thought it would last a long time.  I am ordering another one though because it was the best for a while.
 Great iron
 Great product. Heats up quickly, good steaming power.  Note, uses the water quickly though.  We have been using this for about a year and we are pleased with the product and the value.
 Love my Rowenta!  Had another one for too-many-years to count.  It finally bit the dust.  I tried another brand and promptly took it back to the store where I purchased it.  So, I purchased another Rowenta.  Nothing beats Rowenta!
 Everyone knows the Germans can make cars.  Who knew they could make clothes irons that rival their automobiles?  This thing needs BMW on the side of it.
 The best iron
 Love it so much, the only problem I had with it is that I need to fill it out with water after steam ironing any garment.
 A neighbor has this iron and when I saw how it steamed, I knew I was getting one.  It's the best iron I've ever owned.  It steams like crazy and makes ironing fast and easy. I iron slacks, t-shirts, even jeans. It's well worth the money.  I try to buy everything on sale, and I got the best price on Amazon.
 Well-made, easy to use, accurate temp, good steam, doesn't leak yet.  "Precision tip" is a little gimmicky, but doesn't hurt anything. Heats within seconds.
 Purchased this item for my mom.  She does a lot of ironing and loves a high watt iron.  This is priced nicely.
 Works better than my old Rowenta although the old one was pretty old. Gave it to someone who is still using it. Rowneta's are tough.
 I knit a lot to sell at craft markets and needed a reliable and fantastic steam function for blocking my creations and I certainly got that with my new Roventa iron. Love, love, love it.<br/>But because it puts out so much steam it can be dangerous for kids. So be cautious.<br/>It also handles those awful curled up rear hems on shirts easily.
 I have purchased Rowenta irons in the past and will continue to do so.. I love the way this iron flattens your clothes :)
 Finally after 20 years of going through the cheaper types...found one that works well on heavy linens!
 No, I don't love it but my wife is one happy girl. She sew a LOT and in very happy with it. Thanks.
 A little too big for me. But otherwise used daily.
 Even though it came in its regular package which sucked. Iron is pretty hot.
 Good iron, not worth the money though.
 Best iron we had ever. Definitely worth the $$
 I am thrilled with the iron. I like the design and how well it works.  Well worth paying a little more than I had originally planned.
 Very satisfied.
 it will cut off while ironing. sending it back to company, they said they would fix it. we will see
 Very Happy with the Rowenta DW7180 iron after using it for 6 months. Would purchase it again.
 This is a great iron. It's plenty heavy and does the job. The only negative is that water reservoir needs a greater capacity. I like the narrowed down nose as it's great for around buttons, etc.. IMO this iron is worth the money..
 I do a ridiculous amount of ironing, the last iron I had was an Oreck. This one is better, which is saying a lot! Its pricey but trust that it is worth every penny. After I bought mine, I visited a friend in Chicago who had a crappy iron so I sent him one too.
 this is a excellent iron - If you are iron alot this is the iron for you
 My first Rowenta.  I heard they were the best.  I'm very happy with the weight and steam it produces.
 I really wanted to write this iron a good review! I really liked using it, and it worked well for two years...until the day it just stopped turning on. I didn't drop it, I didn't do anything different. It just stopped working.<br/><br/>I've owned it for more than a year, so it's out of warranty. But I had my previous iron for almost ten years! I expect more.
 Very efficient product
 My oppinion on this new iron is clouded by my former iron 'a Euro something' that I used over  a 15 yr. period and it was perfect before the second one came which was manufactured in China. The second rusted out in about five years. So I'm just getting use to this Rowenta. So far so good but there were few instructions for a new user.
 A+.....Heavy duty iron that replaced my 20 year old Rowenta that finally quiet working.
 Too heavy for me.
 Great iron. Heavy enough to get the job done. Superb steam.
 Just love, love this iron.  Easy to use and heats up so very fast.
 Excellent iron! Love it!
 Water reservoir designed poorly. Dropped the iron after only having it a few weeks (and I'm sorry but drops can happen due to it's heavy weight) and the water reservoir casing cracked. Do not buy without first being mindful of construction quality as this was not put through everyday rigors testing.
 Very Nice!
 This is a top notch iron.  It gets the job done efficiently and effectively.  Well worth the money.
 Love this iron....I mean, if you can love an iron.
 love this iron - does a great job
 Loved it. Absolutely a game changer for me.
 its very costly but product is not worth more than $40-$50<br/>I m saying this because I have used many other brands<br/>and this is over priced for its features<br/>not very heavy duty as they claim it
 Fantastic iron.  Very pleased
 Like Rowen take December5080.
 It is larger than usual - makes the ironing go faster.
 Returned.  Weighed slightly less than a Shetland pony.<br/>Too heavy for me.
 Love Rowenta Irons. This one is VERY nice.
 Best iron ever owned!
 I love Rowenta!
 Excellent product
 Works Great
 The iron stopped working after 3.5 months. Called Rowenta and they said it will take 3-4 weeks to service or replace it - which means I need to buy a new iron in the meantime.<br/><br/>You're better off going to a store to buy rather than Amazon, more chance of getting a direct replacement.
 Wonderful
 it constantly shut off and leaked water.
 works well. no leakage.  Heavier than I am used to.  Anti-calc feature works well.  I like how quickly it reaches temperature and the light that indicates it has reached temperature.
 so fine
 I bought this iron in November 2016 all of a sudden it started leaking. I liked the steam for pressing but not water all over the floor and iron board.  I won't buy another one
 When irion is hot, it works very well. However, it doesn't stay hot. Temp fluctuates, because auto shut off keeps iron going on and off...on and off. Very annoying!!!
 quality product
 Phenomenal. As usually with anything Rowenta- made. Hope to use it for years to come. Thank you for the swift delivery as well.
 I love this iron
 While this does create a lot of steam it only does it for like 15 second before the flow starts to slow down. Then you have to put it right side up for like 10 second witch is annoying.
 DO NOT BUY!! Great brand, bad product.  This leaks water really bad at the tip, despite following instructions.  Even when the steam is turned off, it still leaks.  Even after warming up the iron for several minutes, it leads.  Bad model...do not buy!!
 Great Iron
 A
 I feel like I'm my own dry-cleaning service
 So far it's one of my favorite Rowenta Irons.  It presses out my clothes evenly and I haven't experienced any water leaks like some of the other Rowenta irons I've had.
 Awesome
 😀
 irons well
 Fantastic iron
 The best iron I HAVE EVER USED PERIOD! DOES NOT LEAK!!!
 One week into use: water container cover fell off; steam button stopped working.<br/><br/>Previous Rowenta had worked perfectly for more that a decade. This one is a joke.
 Excellent
 Do  not buy this. Only a 10 oz tank out of water very quickly.
 Best for the money!
 I BOUGHT THIS IRON BC IT TURNED ITSELF OF. hELP. iT DID NOT TURN ITSELF SINCE YESTERDAY. i WANT TO RETURN IT.
 good
 It doesn't heat up high enough. Not very impressed.
 I always use this brand, it’s a very good iron
 Bought it for my wife for Christmas.  Some months later it was going to be put to it's first use, but it never made it thru the first shirt. At first it would only heat partly where at the full high setting it was still easily touchable.  I moved it to a different outlet and then it heated... and heated, and heated... to the point where the bottom was collecting burnt debris as I tried to get thru the very first shirt.  The burnt debris made for rough ironing and it stained the shirt.  I only got halfway thru the first shirt before I had to stop - the burning smell filled the house.  Another awesome feature, the anti-drip... the machine was leaking water out the back when standing up such that it was puddling on the ironing board.  While ironing it was spitting water out the ironing plate, leaving streaks of water that had to be dried up via ironing (or air drying I suppose).  The burnt on debris would not come off.  I watched a bunch of videos to see if there was a way to remove it, and with some hope in sight, and a fresh bottle of Tylenol Extra Strength (Acetaminophen), I plugged in the iron to heat it up for the pain reliever treatment... it wouldn't heat at all - the light was on but no one was home. Since its maiden voyage was some months after having purchased it, the return option was long past.  The owner's manual included nothing in the way of a warranty... except for something written in Spanish where I was unable to find anything resembling months or years that might be applicable.  So this wonder of modern technology, after wasting over $100 on it, is destined to adorn the inside of a trash bag for its final days here.
 great
 Love this iron
 If you like to iron! Plenty of steam. Works like a charm. Instructions aren't very good, but if you've used an iron before you can easily figure how this one works. Recommend it!
 Iron uses too much electricity for a 15 amp wired house as most of our houses are.  should not have anything else on at same time~~TV, fan, etc. so my electrician told me~~should have a special designated line just for the iron~~too much trouble.
 Great iron although it's a water guzzler when steaming, but overall it's a keeper. McLaren of irons.
 Excellent iron, steams great, heating and safety features are the best we have had.  There has been no steam "spitting" as described in some ratings I have seen.
 I love these irons.
 The iron had obviously heated on either starch or overheated on fabric, the plate was not in as good as condition as  I thought for<br/>the price it should have been.  The rubber around the cord was broken - it dose seem to work pretty well....
 Found another at local store that was less costly.  Wife did not like this iron because it seemed to be too heavy.
 I love this iron. It's been doing a great job. I have no complains.
 Iron stopped working in less than 2 months. As I begin my research for a new iron, I checked the model # and now find I received DW8197 with poor ratings not DW5080 with good ratings that I ordered.  Very disappointed!
 Love this iron, this is my third one.  Would never have anything but a Rowena.
 Loved it on my very first. Hopefully it will continue to be my ironing buddy for a very long time.
 ok
 Great product
 Love my iron!
 I love this iron! Definitely better than the traditional iron with the small steam holes.
 I have had several  Rowen irons  They all leaked  grrrrrrrr  I read this instruction book it said store upright  I have always put my irons away on the plate  Hopefully by doing it correctly this one will not leak  JOYCE
 I have my shirts done and use my iron every morning to touch them up.  I also iron khakis, denim, cotton moleskin, and wool flannel trousers, as well as sport jackets and suits.  I mention this because I have years of experience ironing and I need a high quality iron that puts out lots of steam.<br/><br/>My previous iron was a Rowenta DE-871 "Professional." The old DE-871, (no longer available) lasted over ten years, put out lots of steam, and never leaked or spit water out of the steam vents.  I purchased my first Focus model DW-5080 slightly over a year ago and it worked very well for about one year until it quit altogether. (would not power up when plugged in) After several calls, including to Rowenta North America, I determined that it was the plug itself that was likely broken or defective. I contacted the Rowenta service center in Seattle, WA. to learn that a new plug costs $39.95 plus $20.00 to install the part. (plus shipping of about $20.00 for a total of($79.95) I informed the individual at the Rowenta service center that I am fairly handy with electronics and asked if, in his opinion, he thought I could install the part myself,....He replied with one word, no.<br/><br/>So I went back to Bed, Bath &amp; Beyond and told the story to the Manager who could not have been more understanding. He gave me a brand new Rowenta Focus model DW-5080. To my surprise Rowenta has changed the design of this iron enough so that it should no longer carry the designation "Focus," or the model designation DW-5080.<br/><br/>The new Focus DW-5080 spit out large quantities of water from the steam vents every time I used it. Wanting to give it some break in time I varied the amount of water I put in the tank, tried to use a lower or higher heat setting, and it continued to spit large amounts of water from the steam vents.  I called Rowneta North America and from my conversation with them I have no doubt that Rowenta is well aware of this issue as well as leaking water tanks and faulty electronics that cause their irons to shut off intermittently. (Overall poor quality control with their products.)<br/><br/>After two weeks I took this model back and spent extra to try the next model up, a DW-8080 "Pro Master." Looking over the reviews I can see that others have experienced the same issue(s) I've experienced with my Focus, (DW-5080) as well as with the Pro master,(DW-8080) (most of their product line of irons)<br/><br/>Bottom line: DO NOT purchase a Rowenta iron unless it's from a retailer like Bed, Bath &amp; Beyond who will allow you to return the product back to the store you purchased it from. If I had purchased this product over the internet I would not have had the resolve to spend the time and money to try to return Rowneta's defective products.<br/><br/>Rowenta spent years establishing a reputation for quality, if expensive, products.  The newer Rowenta products are simply hit or miss in terms of quality. BEWARE!
 Part was broken out of the box. Disappointed.
 Awesome iron and steamer
 Great product I am happy with my purchase totally recommended
 I bought this on 1/12/2017,  and it broke down on 4/6/2018.  I know that there was a one year warranty,  but...... is there anything you can do for me.<br/><br/>Chris Richards
 Love it!
 I purchased this product approximately 4 weeks ago, so I'm still getting familiar with it.  So far, it seems to work great!!!  I am completely satisfied with this product.
 Nice iron!
 It takes a while to get hot.  First time I ironed a shirt it was too hot and melted the fabric....probably my fault, but now we can't find anything to get it off.
 Well, my old iron broke so I ordered this Rowenta.  It arrived last night and I started using it this morning.  It worked great - for less than an hour - and then it spilled a puddle of water on my shirt and quit working completely.  I unplugged it and plugged it back in, I tried it with and without the steam setting, I tried all temperature settings and it just won't work.  The power was going to the iron because the on/off indicator light was on, but it won't heat up at all.  I called Rowena and described the problem and they said it is a defective iron.  I read reviews from other Rowenta purchasers that said very similar things, but the good reviews were so good I decided to take a chance.  I guess that was a mistake.
 excellent
 Loving it! Very nice iron with exceptional results. Highly recommend it to anyone who asks for more!!
 Love it. Good quality.
 I like the clean and pressed look. This iron performed very well for the first year. After that things started to go down hill. The manual steam blast functionality worked intermittently at best. I would get two maybe three blasts and then my shirts would get saturated and it stopped working. I had to turn it upright and pump it a few times to get another two to three blasts. Try doing that every time you iron. Most recently the auto on/off functionality has gone haywire. I plug the iron in a live socket and it doesn’t turn on. Then magically it will light up and I’ll get 10 minutes, maybe, and then it gets too hot and shuts off. Then all of a sudden it kicks back on and water spurts everywhere. So now you have a sopping wet ironing board and shirt. Time for another iron. Wrote the company and will most likely be told to go get it serviced on my dime. No thanks. Rowenta is no longer going to receive my money.<br/><br/>UPDATE 6/12/18: Rowenta response was comical. I said I would not send it out to warranty repair. And this is what they send back.
 I am returning this iron, because it emits a huge burst of steam each time it is set on the sole plate.  That is noisy, fogs up my glasses, and causes the water well to empty quickly.  It is only possible to iron 3 shirts and 1 pair of pants before refilling the reservoir.  And you have to iron without glasses!!  Also, it is pretty heavy.  Other than that, the iron seemed OK.  It was sturdy, and seemed to do a good job of getting out wrinkles.  Instructions said to unplug and empty water from iron before leaving it each time. More nuisance.  I am still in search of an iron that will do the job without spitting dirty water on my clothes, like the old black and decker I have.
 It is much heavier than expected and the instructions are not real clear.  My wife does not like it.
 works well
 It does everything a good iron should do<br/> Worth the high price.
 Doesn't put out much steam.
 Love the weight of the iron and the variety of ironing selections.
 What an incredible piece of equipment!
 I have order the item based on reviews but I have not received the item in manufacturer's box. Please check the image.
 This iron has some weight and glides easily; the numerous tiny holes make a huge difference for removing wrinkles. Looks well built and very sturdy (made in Germany) with a neutral color that blends in the background rather than "screaming at you" like those pink, purple, green and blue ones. I think this is a very good purchase.
 The iron is a bit heavier than I like....and it is a bit difficult to see the water level clearly.  But Rowena makes a quite decent iron.
 The water compartment seems small and I am often filling the iron.<br/>Otherwise I like the heating and use of the iron.
 My only complaint is that I'm unable to see the water level when it's near the max mark and it's heavier than my other iron.  I do love how it consistantly keeps the same temp and steam.  Great iron.
 Used it once and it broke.  Will never purchase another Rowenta product.
 I bought this back in July 2015 and it worked great until I dropped it one day. Best iron I've ever owned. After the drop, it was all downhill from there. The iron turns off sometimes when upright. I also think there is an issue with the power cord by the base. It seems to have developed a short in the wire. Recently I have had to play with the cord to get it to even turn on, painful process when you need to iron quickly. I didn't experience any of the issues people reported with leaking or being DOA. Were it not for my carelessness this might have lasted longer. So I'm only providing 3 stars since some of the issues were fro my own fault. I am buying another one today and will try to be more careful with this one. I'll provide an update after I've had time to use it.
 Love it. Does a great job!
 I've had it for 1 month and it already ruen my white shirt. It spude rust looking water on it. Buying this model big mastake.
 Awesome Iron! Awesome Price!
 It should be stressed in bold letters that this iron expects to use tap water.  I used distilled water for 2 years before I read that information, resulting in a leaky (and somewhat expensive) iron.  It still leaks a little.  I'm not sure that the mistake can be rectified.
 White writing on the iron is hard to read.  Otherwise it is fine.
 Very happy with the purchase
 Very happy with my new iron.  Didn't have it long enough to give it five star
 Best iron I have ever owned!!
 Great iron with lots of steam. I'm actually using less starch with my clothes now.. I recommend buying this iron..
 This iron automatically shuts off way too often.  Also the plate turns white and gets on your clothes.
 I hate ironing, but must admit .... this iron has helped me get the job done !
 After second use it quit working, I don't recommend it.
 I have been wanting this iron for a while and I finally get it and water cup was not included.
 BEST IRON EVER.
 This iron caught on fire with flames shooting from plug after owning it for four months. Terrible!
 Too heavy, and it spits water even though I followed directions.  Very dissatisfied with this iron.
 Great
 Good steam iron
 I love Rowenta irons, I've had several of them.  This iron was brand new and since the first time I have used it, it leaks a lot of water every time I iron, which is very frustrating.  I thought it was something I was doing, but it has gotten worse.  I've only had the iron for 3 months.
 steam holes got clogged after 10 uses. not worth the money
 Best Steam Iron on the market.
 Second one we've had in a number of years.  They are great!
 It does not work.  I do not have time for this kind of problems.
 Great product
 Best iron ever and fairly easy to use.
 This is really good product.
 great looks, very good performance and german tech,VFM (value for money)
 It makes ironing so much easier. I love it.
 Great iron no leakage and quick to heat up and steam. meets all expatiations.
 No complaints.
 Great iron.
 Nice iron....  for a while anyway.
 Works great.  Everything I expected it to be.
 I really like it! I feel is faster and very effective :)
 Heats up fast and does a great job!!!
 Really amazing iron. I've never felt so alive.
 Fabulous iron. Lives up to the reviews.
 Great steam - moves smoothly
 Excellent products.
 Love it !
 Love the steam. I iron in half the time!
 Works very well. No spitting.
 I goofed you fixed it, I'm happy
 Light iron.
 Love this iron
 Quality iron.
 Excellent Iron
 Makes ironing easier and faster
 Arrived broken
 perfect!!!!!!!
 Works!
 best Iron ever.
 Satisfied.
 I purchased this iron on May 1 and on June 20th is no longer turned on<br/>for the price I paid, it is not worth it at all<br/>I am stuck with a non-working iron and have no where to return it
 I can't believe I waited this long to purchase this. I'm ashamed I've went this long into my life without knowing what ironing with a quality iron is like. This thing actually makes ironing fun.
 Great
 I thought that a Rowenta was a high class iron  NOT,  cheap is better or at least when it does not<br/>do the job you don't feel so bad by tossing it out.
 This Rowenta replaces a ten year old model of mine which finally broke down.  I miss the old one.  I do not think this one is as heavy or as hot as the old model.  It is okay and does a fine job,  but I miss my old one!!
 I don't iron, and my wife doesn't iron as often as I might like her to. She did say that it's heft and holes made it the finest iron she's ever used.
 Works great!  Make my job a lot easier!!!
 I would really like to find an iron close to this style that does NOT shut off automatically......  I am a quilter and I need my iron hot when it is time to press in between sewing blocks.  At times it is longer then 20 min for me to be ready to press.  OR maybe a timer I can set for turning off, like 10 min, 20 min, 30 min, or longer.  That would be super...
 Very dangerous product.  I have been a faithful amazon and rowenta customer for over ten years.  I purchased this iron to give<br/>my daughter for Christmas.  Christmas morning she was using for the first time.  Her six year old bumped into the iron board and<br/>the iron fell off.  On hitting the floor the water tank shattered sending scalding water and steam everywhere.  The water tank on this<br/>model is eggshell thin.  It didn't just break it splintered throwing shards all over the room.  The back plate broke also.  Since I purchased the iron in October the window of return has closed according to Amazon.  Also most everyone has at one time<br/>knocked an iron off.  My old rowenta included, but nothing should be that flimsy.
 Thank you.
 I haven't had it for long, and some aspects are still a mystery.  But, so far I think I really like it.
 This iron works well, but there's a major design flaw: there's no easy way to wrap the power cord for storage. Most irons have some kind of prongs or grooves that make it possible to wrap the cord around- or a mechanism that makes the cord retractable. This has neither, so there's no neat way to store it. Because of this, I had to return it.
 What a great iron .
 You need to ask if it was a gift.  I cannot comment on it and I do not plan to ask the receiver.
 To begin with, I was sent this particular model to evaluate. Immediately, right out of the box I had already noticed some issues. For one, if you have large hands, like myself, you will find in quite difficult to wrap your hand around the handle. The back of my hand scraps the heat adjustment knob on the main housing. And speaking of the knob, although it has many wonderful adjustment settings, it’s almost impossible to know what you’re turning the setting to. The knob is a beautiful copper-gold but the text they used white, which makes it nearly impossible to see combined with it being practically covered beneath the handle.<br/><br/>What I did find rather wonderful was the narrow tip at the front of the iron. It made it incredibly easy to iron between blouse/dress shirt buttons. It heats up incredibly fast (not so slow to cool, though) and does a terrific job on cotton and cotton blends. With one of my husband’s shirts in particular I used to curse him, the shirt and the manufactures for making so difficult to iron, but this iron did do a terrific job.<br/><br/>If you’re a steam-a-holic, like me, this iron will make you very happy. I accidentally set it on full-steam and in my small ironing area it became a mini sauna. Downside, full steam only last about three shirts or two facials, whichever comes first. However, the hole for the water is a bit cumbersome to pour water into.<br/><br/>Lastly, the top two buttons for extra stream and spray attached at the main handle are both a pro and a con for me. If you don’t have much strength in your hands, these buttons will prove difficult to use. They take a bit of pressure to use, but they feel incredibly solid.<br/><br/>PROs:<br/>Good heating options<br/>Thin nose piece makes ironing buttons and small places a breeze<br/>Pivoting plug makes dealing with the wire less of a hassle<br/>Super steam with multiple steam options<br/><br/>CONs:<br/>Handle is too close to the main unit and is hard to hold<br/>The dial is difficult to read (white letters on copper)<br/>Water hole is hard to fill<br/>Extra steam and spray buttons feel solid but are hard to push down.
 Dear retailer<br/> I purchased Rowenta iron DW 5080 on 9 May 2019, Order No 114-3851072-7027407. Unfortunately it stopped heating up, it gets slightly warm. Everything else is operating normally. The indicator light showing which heat setting you are on and flashes as it normally does when heating up. Please advise me if I have any opportunity to replace or repair a faulty iron.<br/><br/>Thanks you for your service<br/> Kind regards<br/>Tamara
 Why did I wait so long to purchase the Rowenta DW5080?  It has cut my ironing time in half!  I am a frequent "ironer" and consider myself an expert in this skill but was hanging on to my former box store iron because it had not given out.  The DW5080 has unsurpassed steam and works on the dreaded linen in one sweep!!  With the specially shaped tip, it gets into hard to reach places.  Don't wait to make your ironing experience an easy one!
 very good
 Product heated up, then cut off &amp; would not heat up again. Many reviews of this model also pointed out this same problem. It must be a design problem. Rowenta is banking on their name
 Two years ago, I purchased a Rowenta DW5080. Despite the high price tag, I decided it was time to invest in a quality iron. I iron my clothes nearly everyday for work. In the past I was using a cheap $10 iron from Target–which worked fine over several years–but after reading about Rowenta's products, I thought it was time for an upgrade. I was wrong.<br/><br/>Less than 1 year after buying this iron, it developed a leak near the power cord. I called Rowenta and they said I could send it back to them for a repair. The repair was not going to be cheap, and what was I going to use for an iron in the meantime? In the end, I would have to buy another iron anyway.<br/><br/>In addition to the power cord problem, the dial that controls the heat was also cheaply constructed. It is hard to turn, and it has been slipping since I've continued to use it. I would not recommend spending the money on this product, and I hope there are better options available from other companies. Rowenta no longer seems to maintain the level of quality control they held in the past.
 Wow!!!
 Best iron ever!!
 Believe the positive reviews this product is really good. So happy I followed my gut and purchased it.
 It works well for me. I iron a lot and it help to make my job easier.
 I do not like this iron. There is no on &amp; off switch, it takes forever to heat up, &amp; I plan on returning it.
 Works well.
 its a piece of crap!!! it went out 5 months after i got it!!!!
 This is not a steamer iron !
 Wife loves it.
 Great product.  Five stars.
 Love it! Give it a 5-star rating 😊
 Good machine
 Excellent
 Best iron I have ever owned. Thank you for such quick delivery.
 I just received this and when I opened the box and pulled it out the reservoir tank has a crack along the side. I filled it with water and it does not leak but I did not want to buy something that was already broke.  I will be contacting Amazon in order to get this fixed.
 I did not care for this iron and I returned it.
 THis iron has 1700 watts and blew a fuse.<br/>Unless you have a 20 amp fuse box this will might happen to you.<br/>I had to call a electrition in because it burned out awire in the wall.<br/>Cost me around 200 dollars.
 A great iron. You will not be disappointed
 I just received this product and was terribly disappointed. During the first use (with the recommended water) the iron ruined one of my favorite shirts leaving burnt stains. The product became extremely hot then stopped working all together.
 Good iron!
 Love it.
 Love it!
 Does not work, No good!
 This iron did not get as hot as it I thought it should get.  It also was heavy and unwieldy.
 The top part of the iron is plastic and can easily break.  We dropped the iron and the plastic broke making the iron un-usable.  We had another iron that I had for the past 10 years that will start using again.  It never had an issue.  I would expect better plastic for the price of this iron.
 It's quite heavy.
 Hate it, hate it, hate it!
 I wish that it had a more explainable instruction manual.  Those pictures really don't do it for me!
 Really great iron
 Dead as of 3/8....junk.
 The first time this product fell off my ironing board, the plastic cover on the back shattered, and water leaks everywhere when I try to use it.  Be aware that it can break the first time it is dropped.
 My mother has always had a steam generator iron at home. With four siblings, everybody had to do chores; my favorite one was ironing in front of the television probably because of the quality of the iron. That was so easy to get rid of the cloth wrinkles.<br/><br/>Living in an apparent and not having the budget for a steam generator iron, I had to find a good alternative. I focused on the Rowenta brand because I am familiar with the quality of their products and the reviews comforted me in that decision.<br/> <br/>Pros:<br/>  • Light and small, you can easily find a little spot for it and could even bring it with you when traveling.<br/>  • It isn't too heavy. You don't get your shoulder tired when you have a full laundry basket.<br/>  • The size of the tank allows you to iron many clothes before having to fill it up.<br/>  • It's a quality product for a reasonable price.<br/>  • It gets rid of much more wrinkles quicker than the irons I had in the past.<br/> <br/>Cons:<br/>  • Of course, it's not a steam generator iron, so you have to pass several times at the same spot to delete the wrinkles.<br/>  • The wire is small; I have to add an extension cable to be able to iron comfortably.<br/> <br/>Word of caution: It doesn't operate on 220 Volt (Europe) but under regular household current of 110-115 volts (USA).<br/><br/>So If you need an alternative to a steam generator iron, this Rowenta is a great choice!
 I have the Rowena focus it continued to spit out water as I ironed.....irritating beyond belief.  I upgraded to the Rowenta steamforce this is the Mercedes of irons; definitely  great for the price. The blue is the Rowenta steamforce "Awesome".
 Works well, good steam.  Shape makes pressing smaller areas easier.<br/>Glides easily and easy to fill. Auto safety shut off.  Easy to store.<br/>Best of all, no dripping of water onto clothes and board, a problem I've had before.<br/><br/>Follow directions before first use (RE steam) Use regular tap water.<br/>Only Con is cord seems to get in the way.
 This is the WORST Iron I have ever had. I paid over a $100 for it. Leaks, spits out rust, then it stopped coming on.  I'm so upset, I haven't had it long either.  I think all of us whose had problems with this iron should get together and see if we can get the Rowenta company to pay us back, give us replacements, something.  I feel very strongly about this.<br/>I called Rowenta and told them all of these problems I've had, asked if these are known issues, they said they weren't.  Something needs to be done so others won't end up in same shoes as we are.<br/>Now I'm somewhat unsure what other brand of iron to buy.  This is terrible.
 So far this iron has been great. The cord is a little short, but manageable. Worst part about this iron is that the temperature dial moves so easily it is constantly getting changed because my knuckle brushes it as I am using he iron. This is a silly design for a good quality iron. I would return it, but took too much of my time and energy researching this.
 The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them
 Let me preface my review by saying that I am not what the marketing department typically thinks of when they are targeting iron shoppers; I am a single, unmarried male with no kids. I think that really matters though in how I feel about the quality of this iron. My mother wasn't much for ironing (and still isn't.) When she sent me off to college a little less than 20 years ago I brought with me a hand-me-down Black &amp; Decker. It was such a piece of junk, but I had no idea. Fast forward to a few years ago and I was at a friend's house for the weekend. They had gotten married recently and were given a Rowenta iron as part of their registry. I needed to iron my shirt before dinner so I used the iron and was blown away. it worked so much better than my old POS Black &amp; Decker! I can't say it made ironing fun but it did make it easier and did a better job.<br/><br/>As far as this particular model goes the steam options are what pushed me into this versus some of the other Rowenta models. Turned all the way up you get A LOT of steam and that is a good thing. It's actually made in Germany too! I don't follow the owner's manual's recommendation on using tap water though. We have a lot of calcium in our water here and it would leave stains on my clothes when I used tap water, not an issue with distilled water.
 This is a substantial iron meant for heavy duty use or (in our case) those who iron a lot for sewing quilts. We use well water, so the fact that this is made to withstand th calcium build up is fantastic. I was surprised to see a product made in Getmany as opposed to China. But I suppose that explains the cost. Overall this iron has everything we need and more. It is heavy enough to handle all types of fabric, it gets super hot, has an auto off feature (a must have!). There are tons of wholes for the steam and the pointy top makes it easy to work around small areas and angles. The cons are that it is a little difficult to fill, as you really need to hold it in one hand. The top buttons are also hard to press, especially since one person using has arthritis. We also had difficulty seeing where the water level was. Overall this is an expensive iron that gets the jobs done. I hope it will last a long time!
 I read the bad reviews and chose to buy this thing anyway figuring it was a bunch of salty people who love to complain.  Now I'm officially a victim of ignoring the poor reviews.  I called Customer support , they recommend using different settings, even recommended using bottled spring water .  It still LEAKS.  I sent the iron in for warranty repair , they changed 2 parts that were "defective" and it still LEAKS.  I've called customer support, they will not replace the unit and want me to send the iron in again for further evaluation.  The unit is less then a year old and now I feel customer support is just giving me the run around until I give up or the 1 year warranty period runs out.  I cant believe a leaky iron has caused me so much grief!!!!
 I was simply amazed at how quickly this iron was ready to use (about 2 minutes to heat up), not only for pressing but for steaming. The steam capability is what most impressed me. I used the highest setting for linen/cotton to iron a very wrinkled tablecloth. I usually set aside at least 30 minutes to iron this long tablecloth; however it took about 10 minutes simply because of the powerful steaming feature. There are way more holes on the plate than on any other iron I've ever used and as a result, my tablecloth was easy and fast to iron. I also used this iron on a very wrinkled denim jacket which took less than 5 minutes of pressing to make the wrinkles disappear. Because it does use up a lot of steam, I find that I have to refill the water every time I use it.<br/><br/>Two things that would make this beautiful iron perfect for me are: 1) a retractable cord and 2) a beep to either signal it's ready and/or shutting off.
 I've had 3 or 4 Rowenta steam irons.  At first, they had lots of steam.  They worked well.  I cleaned them like directed.  I used tap water.  I dumped water out of them at the end of use.  But, they began to leave spots of water, then at a later point, it left large puddles.  I bought a new Rowenta iron.  I just thought I was unlucky and bought a Lemon.  Then, I thought I bought 2 lemons.  At this point, I know that I have not bought 3 Lemons.  I am truly disappointed and really let down that my great, well praised iron is not an iron that lasts a very long time.  So, now, my search is on for a much better iron.  One that has a lot of steam and never begins to leak water all over everything I iron.
 I love this iron!  It's sleek, heats up quickly, and gets super hot, which is exactly what I needed for my cotton quilting fabrics.  It is a bit of a heftier iron, which is good because it helps add weight when pressing down on the fabric and eliminates wrinkles faster.<br/><br/>The steam feature is really strong.  I've used it as a steamer to get wrinkles out of a dress I had hanging on a hanger in my closet, but on ironed fabric, it's powerful and effective.<br/><br/>The color is very nice, different from my other, plain white irons.  While it's just an aesthetic preference, it's at least a small pleasure when it's time to tackle the "to be ironed" pile of clothing.<br/><br/>I do like the auto-off feature, but it can get a bit annoying when I'm quilting and sewing, as it turns off often, and I need to move it to get it to turn back on and reheat itself so I can use it again.  Fortunately, it does reheat quickly, but it would be nice to have a longer auto-off time than the 8 minutes it currently has.<br/><br/>I'm very happy with the iron, and recommend it for regular household use, or crafting purposes.
 I love love love this product! This iron is the best iron I have ever used and I have tried cheap ones to relatively more pricey ones. I have also tried stand-up steamers and the Rowenta Everlast Anticalc is amazing compared to everything I have ever used. Yes, this iron is a expensive, but it is worth it in the long run. Once I watched a video on this iron, the first thing I did was iron everything in my closet. I'm sure everyone does this when they buy an iron as well. I love how easy it was to use. Love the button that sprays out steam. Love the look and how easily it glides over my clothes. I have used this on all different type of fabrics, even delegates. I have used this for over a week now and I did notice some white particles in the calc department, which means this is working. I have thrown out many irons and now I realize why. All the calc builds up inside an iron and that ruins the performance of one. But this Rowenta separates the calc and keeps this long lasting. I would definitely recommend this if you're sick and tired of buying those cheap irons that always break and never does the job quickly.
 This is a really nice iron.  If you are used to quality irons, you'll be happy with this iron.  If you're used to using a cheap iron this iron will feel like a dream to you, but you'll notice that it's a lot heavier than the cheap irons right away.  The iron that I had been using was pretty heavy and this one is pretty comparable weight wise.  I particularly like that this one has a nice point on it that makes getting into tough spots on dresses and dress shirts for babies and toddlers a lot easier than other irons I've used in the past.  With regards to steam, this iron does a really good job of providing steam when it's needed and lots of it.  I tested this out with two of the most wrinkled cotton items I could find and the iron did a better job getting the articles crisp and wrinkle free than the iron I had been using previously and in a bit less time.<br/><br/>Like another reviewer mentioned, filling the water tank for this iron is a bit cumbersome, and the very dark tinted plastic for the tank makes it hard to see just where the water level is.  Perhaps if they included a little funnel or some sort of container for filling the tank that might have taken the frustration out of filling the tank.<br/><br/>Overall it's a good iron that should provide many years of use if maintained properly.
 I bought Rowenta DW5080 Focus in Oct-2012. It was a pleasure to use for the first 12 months. I bought this model for the strong steam push because I iron mainly cotton shirts and sweaters, dishtowels, and cotton pants such as jeans and khakis. In month-13, the tank began leaking a little - enough to leave dime-sized water spots on the clothes I was ironing. By month-15, the drip-spots were quarter-sized. By now, month-25, the huge water-spots are the size of my hand, saturating the clothes and the ironing board cover beneath the clothes. It's caput. For the first year of use, this Rowenta DW5080 Focus was a well designed  steam iron with a swiftly gliding soleplate. In the second year it leaked more and more to the point where - today month-25 - I threw it in the garbage. For a supposedly premium iron, Rowenta DW5080 Focus is a bad investment.
 I was lucky enough to receive a Rowenta Everlast AntiCalc for use and review. Over the past month the Rowenta has been used, and used hard. Everything from fine lace or linens to heavy denims. The Rowenta has performed well at every task.<br/><br/>The appearance is modern and sleek, with a mid-shade blue casing with grey accent. colors. The body had a nice heft to it, with buttons placed in intuitive areas which make activating the steam and press functions very user friendly. The steam is dispersed in a wide mist, without drops or wet spots forming on the fabric. The iron heats quickly, holding its temperature for the duration of your ironing. I didn't experience any reheating or scorching of my fabrics.<br/><br/>The Rowenta Everlast AntiCalc is definitely a product  I would recommend to friends and family. If you are looking to invest in a quality iron that performs well and will last a long while you cant go wrong with this brand.
 Bill from Portland OR!!! I thought it was only me.<br/>Thank you, I have bought Rowenta irons for a decade. I iron alot.<br/>Everything you have described in your feedback i and many family members have experienced.<br/>And a Bed Bath and Beyond fan I am!!!!<br/>No problem with returns, however they don't always have the same iron.<br/>I lost it last night was ironing my sons trousers went to the shirts water everywhere and booooom dead iron.<br/>Bottom line Rowenta Irons are  perfect for very light iron use.  They are very poor quality.  Not the same quality as they where 15 years back where the iron lasted for years.<br/>I did Google for the top rated irons and Rowenta Focus did come up #1 top rated. What consumers do not understand is when testing in the labs is one time test on the one shirt they test it on not based on the household use.
 I do so much laundry, and my fiance needs shirt and pants ironed everyday for work, so I use my iron A LOT! I LOVE this iron! It does not leave residue all over my clothes, the steam bursts are strong, and the steam is clean and residue/flake free.<br/><br/>I have used many other irons before, and this one is the best! Other irons have accumulated grime on the plates with use, but I have yet to get any snags on this iron after 2 years. I iron my sheets and towels also, so trust me-this thing takes a beating!
 The Rowenta Everlast Anticalc lives up to the Rowenta name.<br/><br/>If you frequently iron clothes or fabric you will want to invest in a nice iron and this one is amazing.<br/><br/>If you have hard water (we have a well and have very hard water) the Anticalc feature is a wonderful addition. I always kept a jug of half well water half spring water in my room to use exclusively with my previous Rowenta to help extend the life. Now with the Anticalc I don't have to worry as much!!<br/><br/>The water filling opening is nice and wide but it is difficult (as with many irons) to see the water level. The dark blue design makes it really difficult to read on this iron. Not a deal breaker for me. I still love it even if I have to look a little harder for water level.
 Durable product. Use it weekly/beweekly since 2010 (full 8 years of use) every time use it with steam, just with tap water in Texas (which is hard water). My wife amazed by quality. We purchased it way expensive for $115 back in 2010 (No specials, no promotions in BBB store). But we don't regret. Does an exceptional job. Recommend to a friend. Buying a second one now for fraction of price, for 2 households now.
 I have had this model since June 7th.  It was incredible for two weeks.  Then it started shutting off while I was using it.  I could not iron one of my dress shirts completely without it shutting off.  I began to unplug it, wait and then plug it back in and let it heat up and start over. This got old really quick.  I am currently dealing with customer service.  I was really very excited about this purchase and I am very disappointed in the performance.  I should note that I did see a few negative reviews but I thought that those people were just being really picky or hard to please. I am not sure if I will try another Rowenta or not.  We will see how customer service handles this problem.  I hope there is an easy solution.  PS. I do not think I am using to high of a setting for the fabric type.
 Well engineered with ideas, but a very poor quality product.  It frequently leaked.<br/><br/>After about a year and a half it's just stopped working . So now it's completely dead and It wont heat up at all.  This iron was always 'babied'  - I'm a fastidious person who takes care of my things very well.<br/><br/>I thought it might be "worth it"  to pay more than average to get something well made and reliable. Now that it stopped working for no reason it is clear that this iron was a total waste of money and time.
 I have purchased so many different irons, mostly Rowenta and after awhile they leak. I hate that. Can't find one that is truly dependable. Any suggestions would be appreciated.
 My experiences with ironing have been up and down. An old roommate let me use his Shark iron and what was probably a Wal-Mart ironing board and it worked alright. After I moved out, I started using my parents' iron and ironing board which are probably older than I am and things didn't go so well... It got to the point where I bought all "wrinkle-free"/"non-iron" clothing and STILL had variable results. Now my work's dress code isn't too strict, but I can't stand wearing wrinkly shirts and pants (even if no one notices). So I could either fork out more money for the higher-end non-iron stuff, or I could start ironing again so I could keep getting dress shirts from the clearance bin.<br/><br/>I am stunned by how easy this makes ironing! I thought I was just bad at it, but no, I was using very low-quality equipment. I picked this and the middle-priced ironing board up at a local Bed, Bath &amp; Beyond. I actually had fun ironing! This iron works incredibly well and is incredibly well-built. Perfect heaviness for a nice smooth ironing and pretty much all the bells and whistles you'd want or need from an iron (sprayer, steam button, self-cleaning, anti-drip, precision tip, etc.) My favorite thing is how there are dots on the thermostat that match what you sometimes see on clothing care labels.
 Bought this on Amazon Prime Now. Incredible amount of steam that melts wrinkles from clothing.<br/><br/>For people concerned that this has to be refilled so often.  It makes much more steam than other stand alone irons so it uses a great amount of water. To have a reservoir larger that what comes on the iron would make it very heavy when filled. If you don't want to fill the reservoir so often and still want the amount of steam this iron provides, spend $288 and get one with a detached reservoir.
 I purchased this rowenta less than a year ago. It started leaking brown water after 5 months. So I cleaned it and stopped using the steam feature. Now, less than a year has passed, the iron doesn’t get hot enough to get the wrinkles out of my fabric.
 4.5 Stars<br/>Great iron as would be expected from Rowenta with the only quirk being a darken area where the water well is which is an odd design flaw in this price range and from this brand.<br/>Irons seem to be a disposable product in our home regardless of the make or price! This feels like owning a Rolls.<br/>It has major substance and really works well on cotton and poly. It heats up quickly which is terrific for sewing.<br/>It has dozens and dozens and dozens of perforations so amazing steam.<br/>Filling it is a problem? I have been using 1/4 cup + with no problem.
 Broke the last one from dropping it a GAZILLION times. These are amazing !! Rowena is light and powerful for the picky quilter. YES they are expensive but it makes up in power and being  light weight. Its a good investment and I have bought SHARKs and other brands as well. Those are fine for daily pressing but if your pressing as  part of your hobby this is an excellent addition to your craft equipment
 I purchased this iron from a favorite box store and frankly, this thing rocks.  I used to have a cheap b&amp;d iron and thought that it did well enough but my mom offered to buy this rowenta for me promising it was so much better.  Needless to say, she was very, very right.  This thing can put out so much steam that one time, during a marathon ironing session, I had water dripping off of my ironing board after about an hour.  You can iron much more efficiently and press out stubborn creases with ease.  If you've never used a high-end iron before (which is what this is) you are in for a real treat.  While I've had mine going on 3 years, when it dies, I will be sure to get another top tier rowenta.  #rowentaforlife.
 My wife has purchased SEVERAL Rowenta irons because she thought they were worth the money.  German engineering my foot.  What a farce!  EACH one of them leaked  I'm done spending my money on ANY Rowenta.  Read the review at the Black &amp; Decker iron - https://www.amazon.com/Black-Decker-D3030-Allure-Iron/dp/B00X5ILD0K/ref=pd_day0_hl_201_1?_encoding=UTF8&amp;pd_rd_i=B00X5ILD0K&amp;pd_rd_r=18de965b-08c9-11e9-94de-09435340c2d6&amp;pd_rd_w=wirhO&amp;pd_rd_wg=CgZgn&amp;pf_rd_p=ad07871c-e646-4161-82c7-5ed0d4c85b07&amp;pf_rd_r=RD339FXB9H11BMV2WHES&amp;psc=1&amp;refRID=RD339FXB9H11BMV2WHES#customerReviews<br/><br/>by Pat G, Aug 25, 2017.  "No more Rowenta for me!"  Crappy water tanks.
 This is easily the best iron I've ever used, hands down. It has everything I'm looking for, high wattage, gobs of steam holes, auto shut off, burst of steam. It's nice and weighty and glides so easily over fabric. I sew a lot and at first I was dubious if an expensive iron would make that much difference. I'm here to tell you, it makes a big difference. I can get a lot more done if I can iron stubborn wrinkles quickly and easily. The cord isn't retractable, like a previous iron I had, but it doesn't bother me. The setup of the cord is such that it does a great job staying out of the way.<br/><br/>I haven't had a chance to use the anti-calc feature, but given that I have hard water here in Texas, it's something that I'm glad the iron has.<br/><br/>I have one minor quibble (not enough to take a star off) but the buttons for spray and burst of steam can be a little hard to push. I had a different Rowenta before this one and I preferred that button design more. It's not huge, but something that I wish were a little different.<br/><br/>Overall, though, this is a great iron and I'm really happy with it.
 I am so frustrated with this iron. I have had it for 11 months and it worked great until it didn't in the last week. It now pours out water and leaves spots on my fabric. I have used this iron for ironing shirts and also for quilting. I had a Rowenta for years and am now using my 4th one, so I was careful to make sure that it was made in Germany. The other two irons after the initial one lasted about 2 years each. Shame on Rowenta for using their previous reputation and then producing such a poor quality product. And no warranty, isn't that convenient.
 This is definitely a must have iron!  I iron all of the time, have gone through many irons over the years, some cheap &amp; some not, &amp; this iron is probably the best I'm ever used.  It is very simple to operate. Has a bigger area to add water than others I've owned. The pointed tip is by far my favorite about this iron. It gets in small spaces, like between buttons wonderfully!  The reason I only gave 4 stars on design is because I wish it had a retractable cord instead of a wrap around cord.
 I've owned this Rowenta for 5 years now and can say I have used it plenty of times. It does work very well. Recently, however, it seems to have developed a crack between the plate and the base. Now it "pees" all over my clothes and has caused damage. I'm sorry to have to replace it. Also I find it annoying that the auto shut off feature is very aggressive. If I leave it for five minutes it shuts off and blinks furiously at me like I'm being scolded. I don't think it's as great as everyone seems to think it is. Nonetheless it doesn't look like the competition has caught to it yet. So I'll probably buy another Rowenta...with reservations.
 I have the same complaint. After a few months, the iron starts leaking water at the bottom. I am not sure there is an iron out there does not leak water at the bottom
 The iron worked amazingly for a year and a half.  It stopped working so I investigated and found the cord had broken inside the housing and showed signs of electrical damage.  I subsequently read about others having the same problem except theirs had caught on fire.  Very poor and dangerous design for the routing of the cord internally.  Loved the performance but will never buy another Rowenta.
 I purchased this iron several months ago.  At first, it was without a doubt the best iron I had ever used and my first review I gave it a 5 star.  It put out plenty of stem with all the holes and ironed really great.  However, lately I have had problems with it spilling out large amounts of water when I tip it to iron.  I have been very careful to follow the booklets instructions and I have not over-filled it.  It also has spit drops of water on the items I have been ironing.  I have also noticed that although it irons really well when there is water in it to steam, it doesn't iron all that well when it is dry. Yesterday I unplugged the iron when I was finished and I thought I had emptied the water tank which I do every time I am finished using the iron.  But apparently I left some water in it and when I came back later I noticed a huge wet spot on my ironing board.  So my rating of this iron has dropped to a one star!<br/>I have had one other Rowenta years ago and it didn't last 6 months, so I was reluctant to buy this one.  But it got such good reviews I decided to give it a try.  I was really desperate for a good iron since I am a quilter and use my iron almost daily and for long periods of time.  Well, I wasted my $99.00 because now almost every time I use it I have to deal with both small droplet of water on whatever it is I am ironing, but also never know each time I tip it to iron if it is going to soak my fabric that I am ironing.  I know from past experience that Rowenta will do nothing about it.  Most German-made products are excellent and last well, but this is my 2nd experience with Rowenta and I can truthfully say I will never purchase another Rowenta.  Now I have to either use this one and deal with the water spilling issue or try and find another reliable iron.  I really can't afford to purchase another one right now so I guess I will have to live with the problem.  I would not recommend this iron.
 This is a great iron! Ironing with it is so smooth and  requires very little effort to slide it across fabric. You can use regular tap water for the steam function. And because it's designed to reduce calcium build-up, you don't have to worry about that. This iron is great ironing all types of fabrics and gets the wrinkles out. The steam feature is great unlike my other iron. I do not have to hold down on the steam button with this iron, the steam just flows out. If you follow directions, you will be good.
 Husband bought it for me a year ago.  Worked very well for about four months.  Then, all of a sudden, it began leaking water horrendously.....not when ironing, but when standing up on the ironing board.  Full fledged puddles when left unattended for a little bit!  I contacted Rowenta, and was told that it was not aware of this problem;  however, I also read a number of reviews that people certainly DID have the same water leakage problem.  I won't buy a Rowenta again.
 This iron heats up quickly and produces an ample amount of steam to allow for quick ironing. Unfortunately, it also leaks small drops of water on clothes while ironing. The only time that would be a problem is if you're ironing a clothing item that you need to wear immediately. I've only owned it for about two months, so I cannot speak to its durability, but my confidence is already reduced based on the early water leakage issue.
 Having had a Rowenta for over 10 years I naturally decided to go with the same brand as a replacement.  Bad idea. The first one, a DW2070 would not stay hot and leaked. After finding out that only the more expensive models were made in Germany (not China), I decided to get the DW5080. It had great steam but spit quite a bit. I fiddled with the settings but it didn't help.  The other major thing I don't like about it is that even with a full reservoir, I could only do about 3 shirts without having to re-fill it.  As I do a week's worth of ironing at once, this is a big detractor.<br/>Bought yet another DW5080 and had similar results. Just bought a Black and Decker D2030 and am very happy with it. It gets nice and hot (I iron mostly cotton and linen clothes), doesn't spit or leak and has good steam.  Also, I got through about 8 shirts with half of my reservoir left over.<br/><br/>Rowenta used to be a reliable brand. I 'm afraid it isn't anymore.
 The Rowenta iron is the most manageable that I've ever used! I've discarded my Conair Iron simply because I feel that the Rowenta Iton is the only iron that I'll ever use and need for years to come! I need not to worry about the hard water from my faucet destroying or ruining my new Rowenta iron! The Rowenta Iron Is durable, manageable, and very easy to use. I absolutely recommend this iron for moms single moms or households that deal with a lot of ironing on a daily basis!
 Really bad, don't t trust he reviews here. Ever since I purchased this I've had many problems. First, it started leaking. Second, after two years of light use, it got so hot that it burned my pants. Those were dam nice pants! Seriously, don't buy this.
 I, like so many others on here, have had the exact same problem...water spews out of the bottom of this iron, even with the temp all the way up and the steam OFF.  I had this thing 2 months.  Now without a receipt and box, I'm forced to throw it away.  I despise JUNK products.  Thought Germany was a safe bet over China.  Thought wrong.
 I tried the Rowenta DW8080 and the Rowenta DW9080, and returned them both. The Rowenta Focus is lighter, the steam is less noisy than the 8080 but much better than the 9080, and overall is easier to handle. I really like it. The lighter color makes it easier to see the water level, nearly impossible with the blue iron.  Unlike the irons in the past, none of them come with a little water pitcher.  Amazon was great taking the other 2 back and sending the Focus right out.
 So far, so good! I love the weight of it, how quickly it heats up, the many options and its pointed nose that makes ironing shirts, collars &amp; details very easy. I have not scorched anything. I bought it because another new iron I purchased scorched and burned multiple items. Well worth the price!
 Probably costs more than most irons, but it has a good feel, heats quickly, glides over fabrics, is good at high and low temps, and fills and empties easily.  Auto-shutoff works fine.  I think a cleat to wrap the cord around or a retractor would be great for storage, but otherwise, it's the best iron I've ever owned.
 Water literally pours out the bottom. It works great for the first 10 - 15 minutes, then starts leaking like a sieve. It was fine the first few months. Most of my research into this issue indicated it could be a problem with the water I was using. I was using plain tap water as suggested in the manual. So I tried mixing my water with distilled water, also as suggested. I also tried cleaning it more often. No matter what I've tried, the problem keeps getting worse. No more Rowenta irons for me.
 I spent a little more money for what I thought was a better product. It's my first and last Rowenta.  At almost 2 years now, the plate began leaking.  The steam never really worked right.  I read the instructions; the steam off was on and visa versa.
 Love it. Pointed end gets in tight corners and great for a quick shot of steam for clothes when I’m on the go.
 Fine German Engineering! I don't have to iron my shirts everyday. In fact, I can just drop them off at the cleaners and be done with it! But ironing is something that I actually love doing. I've been ironing my long sleeves office shirts and pants for more than 30 years. For me it's therapeutic. It helps me gather my thoughts on my agenda for the day. I've owned Sunbeams, Black and Decker, Sharks, Panasonic, etc. One brand that sets them apart is Rowenta. I know what makes a good iron, and Rowenta is one Excellent iron.
 One of the best Steam Iron I have used. I mainly use it for my MX-1 shirts from Express, who after the first wash are completely wrinkled and insanely hard to iron with my old iron, almost impossible with just a steamer. After 1 or 2 passes with the the Rowenta, it looks completely wrinkled free. What use to take me almost 10mins or more per shirt with my old iron I can do a few minutes with this iron. Easy to maintain and maneuver on the ironing  board. It is very easy to maintain and per the manual, its states its designed to use normal tap water (although tap water can be very different from where your from). I bought this during a sale, but if I knew how awesome this iron was, I would definitely pay for it even at normal price!
 I have owned this model and the smaller DW-5197 for approximately the last 18 months, and I will never purchase another brand of iron again (considering their performance to this point I may not have to purchase another one in my lifetime anyway). Great steam, fantastically quick heat up time, cord never tangles, etc. If you are a person that finds an iron that believes large clouds of steam "dangerous," then search elsewhere. This is a tool to be utilized by those that want durability, great workmanship, and, most of all, efficacy. Very little chance of water spotting, large amounts of steam, built in filtration, and great materials make this a great choice for the professional, the aspiring seamstress or quilter, and the everyday usage required for a quick press/steam before heading out the door.
 Poorly designed as to the handle.  The button that you use to spray water is part of the handle, at the upper portion of the handle, a sloping button.  Instinct is to hold the handle partially in that area, especially when using even slight pressure.  Water drips from the spray hole onto clothes.
 While I absolutely loved the iron while it worked, when it started leaking "a lot" from the bottom of the soleplate while standing up (found the iron periodically in a puddle!) and while ironing (soaking water spots the size of a golf ball or larger), I regretted paying such a hefty price for an iron which lasted almost 3 years.  The first DW5080 I bought started leaking after 2 months and I thought it was a fluke. I returned it easily for another, which only lasted about 3 years.  Returning it to the manufacturer would have cost me even more money, so last week I went out and bought a $29 iron which doesn't steam or iron as well, but the price tag is right.
 I bought this iron as I decided that I am old enough to actually iron my own clothes instead of having someone else do it for me. After watching a couple videos on how to properly iron and a dozen test shirts later I think I have the technique down. No issue with the iron except that the reservoir only lasts for about 6-8 shirts before needing to refill.
 A $70 iron shouldn’t leak like a $10 iron. It’s not just small leak. Every use completely soaks through the ironing board into the fooor. I wouldn’t recommend.
 I just got this Iron. I have only used it once but it was awesome. Much better than my old one. The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is that it is hard to see the temperature control under the handle. It is also a bit heavy, which I do not mind at all, but some may.<br/><br/>If you want good value for the money this is the iron to buy! If you can spend a little more you might consider the more expensive models by Rowenta.
 I have had my Rowenta DW5080 Focus iron for some time and until this last week it worked fine.  My reason for one star now is that the water started leaking out of it!  I haven't dropped it, there is no external crack that I can see, but when moved at all, the water leaks out of it.  My supposition is that the internal water container is broken and I'm afraid that if I try to use it in this condition, I could risk serious injury from electrocution!  Leaking water shouldn't happen, no matter what age the iron is!
 Our 9080 Rowenta always leaked a little, but after a year or so it got so bad my wife wouldn't use it any more, just went back to her old iron. Problems were, she would set it down in the "rest position", and when she would come back after a few minutes there would be a puddle of water on the ironing board, under the iron!!! Also, it would leak water onto the clothes as she was ironing. After letting it set without use for about a year, my wife decided to toss it. But I decided to try it one more time. Tried it, it leaked, I wrote Rowenta, they told me to clean it. Yeah, right, as if I hadn't already done that 20 times!!!  By this time it's not under warranty, of course, so today, I tossed it into the garbage myself.  As I read blogs today about these irons, I find our problems were NOT unique.  Hope this helps with decisions. My advice: investigate a lot before buying.
 this is the perfect iron for all of you household needs.  The weight is incredible, it takes all of the work out of ironing.  I also use mine for vinyl crafting.  I haven't had any heat transfer vinyl peel up since I started using this iron.  The only down side, the cord is not retractable.  There is a nice space to wrap the cord around, but it still doesn't completely retract.
 The iron stopped working shortly after a year. No complaints up to that point but 1 yr is much less of a lifespan than expected.
 This one lasted for 9 years of light use. The one earlier ( diff Rowenta) lasted much less.
 This is an amazing iron, probably the last iron I will ever need.  It has so many features, I love that I can steam my clothes with it also and that it won't get gummed up by deposits over time.  Definitely read the manual to get the most out of this iron's many features.  I am used to a small, lightweight, simple iron, so this is a big change (big and heavy) but it definitely does a superior job.  This is the Cadillac of irons!
 The Rowenta Iron is the best iron ever! It feels amazing and gets my clothes iron in seconds unlike other irons that take forever. I am so honored to have been able to review this iron. I would definitely buy it and recommend it. I can already tell this iron will last me a really long time.
 I used to be a fan of Rowenta irons but they ha e become inferior in quality. Unfortunately,  I would not recommend this brand of irons to anyone.  They leaked and stopped getting hot enough to iron. I have gone back to using Tfal irons.
 I love the sleek design of this product and the heavier weight actually gives it more stability than other irons I have used that have been prone tip over and leak water everywhere. I didn't think I would like the bottom as it is not teflon coated, however, if used at the proper heat setting, it is actually quite smooth and glides easily over the fabric. The iron heats quickly and is ready with steam to use in less than one minute. I think it's a great value as well compared to other similar products. I would be careful to only used distilled or filtered water and empty after use!
 My 'favorite' Black and Decker iron was fading so I started shopping for a new iron.  My son recommended the Rowenta Focus because he liked his.  I did my homework and read all the reviews I could get my hands on and felt it would be a good match for me too.  I was able to buy it on sale with my coupon at Bed Bath and Beyond so felt I paid a very reasonable price.  I made sure it was the one made in Germany and I knew I could return it to Bed Bath and Beyond.  I LOVE my new Rowenta Focus Iron and am looking for more things to iron on laundry day now.  When I'm done ironing my work is done because it looks awesome and doesn't need touching up.  The 400 holes makes great work of steam ironing and the shape of the sole makes it easy to get around buttons and tabs.  Love it, Love it!!!!  Thank you Rowenta for making a product that I get what I'm paying for.
 This iron has several terrible qualities.  (1) it leaks, (2) it spits on your cloth and makes rust spots, (3) the sole plate gets covered with rust and other junk after about 2 hours of use,  and then it is very difficult to clean, (4) the place where you fill with water is very difficult to open, I have arthritis and cannot open it without a screwdriver for a pry bar,  (5) the sight glass is very dark grey and therefore it is more or less impossible to see the water level.
 You can not get 1700 watts out of 120 volts. Anything over 1500 would require more voltage. So right out of the gate I would stay clear of this product.
 Well I bought this product to replace my old product and I have found out the problem with dripping.  Some of us have longer fingers and bigger hands that others.  I have found the hand grip area is not big enough and you inch up the handle and hit the buttons which are to long and thus you have the dripping.  I had a wet ironing board cover.  This would be a simple thing to fix by Rowenta for all they have to do is shorten the buttons on the iron and give Americans a longer handle grip to hold the iron.  I think that would solve the problem with this product. It does use water way to fast and I am not sure that having 400 holes is worth it.  I would pick the iron that has 300 holes and the button at the end of the handle are smaller and therefore leaves room for your hand to slide and move up.  I keep getting drips on my clothes and even turned down the steam on the iron and that did not do it and I could not understand why until I saw the spray side drip and I KNOW THAT WAS ME and not the iron.  I hope Rowenta sees this comment for this would solve this problem.  Shorten the buttons for they are way to long and the handle is now way to short.  The Iron is nice otherwise and I plan to call Rowenta and tell them this problem and see if they will trade for the 300 hole one that is 1600 watts.  You really don't need 1700 watts unless you are doing something different with your iron.  I have not figured out the advantage in having that yet.
 I read that Rowenta's were supposed to be better-than-average irons.  I've used this for over 2 years and I'm not impressed. The steam adjustment seems to have only two settings... nothing or full blast. I just don't see how this Rowenta is better than a normal iron.
 My wife LOVES this iron. Don't laugh but I bought thus item for my wife's birthday! Hey it's what she wanted.<br/>Point is she comments how efficient and effective the iron is. She tells me that when she runs the iron over one side of a piece of clothing it actually irons the bottom side as well. Enough said? Enjoy.
 Never realized how much difference a quality iron would be.  This is FANTASTIC.  Very heavy duty and perfectly designed.  The blast of steam is incredible!  Best purchase I've made in long time.
 Bruh, if you need to iron, this is it. It works amazingly and I can now Iron my close in one pass. I use this often for the whole family. No trouble with leaks or drips.
 This iron was previously opened<br/>For the price I thought it wouldn't of been opened, and has some scratches on the exterior, but does work. I need this iron and will not return it, because I make a living by using one.<br/>Just wanted to let you know how I feel about the purchase that I made. ✌️
 my Rowenta DW5080 has spit out dark fluid on light material....not cool.  Now I find it is "melting" where the plastic meets the metal tip up front.  On both sides.  Not sure what's up next but not sure I'll replace it with a Rowenta!
 Sorry, but I just tossed my second one of these.  They say use tap water etc...starts spitting calcium and rust after 8 months or so...twice now.  Not for me and I was shocked because Rowenta is a brand I usually trust.
 Rowenta Steam Irons are supposed to be the best(???) and I have owned two of them.  I have also purchased them for my daughter and others. They leak water constantly and I am so disappointed I will not buy another one.  I have talked to others and they all complain of the water leakage.  I find it very annoying to iron an article of clothing and have to hang it to dry because the iron leaked water.  The cover on my ironing board is stained from the water leaking from the bottom of the iron.  Good By Rowenta.
 At first I was happy with this iron. It had lots of steam and glided easily over all fabrics. Just short of owning it for 1 year it started to leak like the Titanic at the base.  I had taken good care of it and emptied the iron of water after each use.  I have grown to hate this iron .  I took it back to Bed Bath and Beyond and replaced it with the same model. This may have been an error on my part. After reading many reviews of leaking problems with Rowenta brands I don't think the new one will last much longer. Shame on the Germans for selling a inferior product at a high price.  Think I will go back to a Black and Decker when this one starts to leak.
 Best iron I have had in 45 yrs. I hesitated to spend so much , but this meets all my expectations.  I only have to iron on one side of the jeans legs and it irons clear through. This iron is cutting my time nearly in half .Would buy again.<br/><br/>.
 This was my third Rowenta steam iron.  I won't buy another.  They just don't last.  This one simply burned out, getting so hot in the process that it burned through the ironing pad.
 I won't buy a Rowenta again due to its absurd 8-minute shutoff feature. When pressing seams when sewing, the damn thing has shuts itself off, time and again. I have to shake the iron to get it to awaken and then wait until it returns to its targeted heat setting. This safety feature makes garment construction a pain and suggests that the manufacturer thinks its customers are all idiots. Oliso now offers an iron with a 30-minute timer with 1800 watts and will own the domestic sewing market.
 Had 6 months, starting leaking water at the sole plate.
 just got DW1780, first day trying to use found the back section crack up (broken<br/><br/>Do not buy, just got this DW7180, first time attempt to use found the back crack up seems like dry rotten plastic, i'm sending this back for full refund<br/>will send picture
 I've never paid this much for an iron but now i see that you get what you pay for. Good heavy feel, no problems with leakage or rusty water messing my clothes up
 I use my iron every day.  Needless to say, I go through at least two irons every year.  I've purchased very inexpensive irons along with very pricey models.  The problem is that over time, the place where the cord attaches to the iron becomes worn and shorts out.  This model has a unique design that allows the cord to swivel freely and is set a little higher, so that when the iron is resting on the ironing board in the upright position, there is no pressure on the electrical cord.  In addition, this iron is very easy to fill and does not drip or "spit" water on my clothes when I am using a steam setting.  Very happy with my purchase.  Well worth the cost.
 I have had this iron for a couple months now. I dont iron alot but I have noticed that this iron seems to get hotter than my previous 2 irons.I like the shape of the tip it does help get in between buttons and collars. The steam feature that allows you to choose how much steam you have is also very nice. The only thing I notice that can be annoying is that I generally put the steam selector on full steam and you do run out of water fairly quickly. Now I just keep a bottle of water under the ironing board so it doesnt slow me down. Other than that I think its the best iron I have owed for the price.
 This my third Rowenta.  By far, the best I have ever owned.  I starting using Rowenta irons to iron wedding gowns when I owned a bridal shop, now I use for personal use.  Tons of steam and a heavier iron. Everything looks very professionally ironed.  Gives great pant creases; very narrow tip for hard to iron areas. Definitely recommending this one.
 It works nicely. The only issue that I have is that the separation between the handle and the knob is too little. The knob is a finely adjustable knob and when I grab the iron, my fingers/thumb keeps hitting the knob which moves it easily so you have to keep readjusting the knob.
 Love this Iron,,, works like a dream. There is so much steam when you want it you could practically steam your clothes on a hanger.  The only very small downfall is that it is a bit heavy. Still a great product.
 Works great.  A little bigger than I expected and doesn't fit in my over the door iron and iron board holder so I have to store it somewhere else.
 I owned a different model Rowenta prior to getting this one and it was good--Not great. Reason why I replaced it was because I accidentally dropped it.<br/>I read so many iron  reviews and was skeptical as to how this one would perform. I looooove it! I have to iron dress clothes for 2 children for private school and for my husband for work 5 days a week so I needed something heavy duty. I just ironed my hudband's most stubborn dress shirt and this iron melted the wrinkles away! I definitely recommend this!
 I have been ironing for 50+ years.  I've used this iron for only a few months but so far the Rowenta 5080 is the best iron I have ever used.  Love t.
 Useless
 It has a lot of steam vents. I use it to iron.
 This is an awesome iron. I always used to buy cheap irons that never really used to get the wrinkles out of anything. This iron blew me away when I first used it. Yes, it is heavier than you expect in an iron, but it truly does an amazing job. I have ironed everything from pants to placemats to curtains with this iron and it's fabulous. Just be careful if you buy an iron holder to hang on the wall. The base of this iron is quite large and didn't fit all the way into the wall mount I purchased. Other than that, this iron was definitely worth the higher price. Professional grade.
 Good iron
 I love this iron...no leaks!  It's so smooth and balanced well when ironing my clothes.
 Pros:<br/>Smooth as silk ironing surface<br/>Great steam generation<br/>Swivel cord<br/>Heats up very quickly<br/>Auto shut off feature<br/>Spray and steam on demand buttons<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>None
 Love it, make ironing a breeze
 i can't even understand its shape. It's too big for me.
 I am so happy with this iron it does a wonderful job on all fabrics. A great find.
 Awesome !! High quality construction.  Highly recommend !
 For $90 it should last more than 2 years. I've had other irons for 1/3 the price that lasted 10 years. It was great while it worked but once it quit even youtube couldn't help. Don't waste your money. Buy one that costs a lot less. Now I'm steaming not the iron.
 Don't waste your money.  I purchased this iron 15 months ago and used it, on average, twice a month.  It died without any warning.  I purchased it thinking it was a top quality iron (considering features and price).  It has a standard one year warranty.  Water was emptied after each use and the self clean feature was utilized after every other use.  Totally disappointed with this iron!!
 I have owned several Rowenta irons and they do a great job.  However, every one of the Rowenta irons that I have owned have eventually started leaking water.  The one I currently own was purchased in February, 2012.  It has begun to leak water really bad from the bottom of the iron.  Another complaint that I have about these irons is the amount of water they use when in the steam mode.  It uses so much water that after ironing just two or three items, my ironing board is so wet that I have to stop ironing. If you are willing to purchase a new iron every year to year and one-half, then I recommend purchasing a Rowenta.  Otherwise, I would steer clear of them.
 Wife likes it. Happy anniversary!<br/><br/>Yes, just kidding ;)
 Love this iron! So awesome that it doesn't require distilled water!
 Great iron!  Light weight and excellent steam. Really pleased with this iron.
 I purchased the Rowenta DW5080 Focus iron, expecting a superior product, but got an average product. I returned this iron because it leaked when I used the steam option.
 Really like the stainless steel sole and steam power blast feature. Almost eliminates need for starch on tough creases.
 I use it weekly for my laundry small and simple nothing bad to say so far.
 We have had several issues with the water leaking out when in an upright position and turned off.
 Great Iron... Strongly suggest...<br/>best price from Amazon..
 This iron was great at first.  But in less than 3 months, the water doesn't just leak.  It pours out!  What a disappointment!  This is my 2nd Rowenta iron.  The first one lasted a little over a year before it started to leak.  You'd think paying this much money for an iron, it would be good quality.
 If you are looking for longevity in a steam iron don't consider Rowenta steam irons.  Ours died at about the 3 year mark; from what I've read that's good - many people have had problems very early on.  This was an expensive iron.  It ironed well but didn't last.  Rowenta makes a point of mentioning "made in Germany" but that really doesn't seem to matter any more; I've had other "made in Germany" products that turned out to be junk.  Maybe assembled in Germany but of parts from who knows where.
 I am really disappointed in the longevity of the Rowenta DW5080 Focus 1700-Watt Micro Steam iron, it totally stopped working in under 30 months.
 Had three of the Rowenta's,  All and problems from electrical, cheap plastic dial that broke, spitting.  Company does not back their product at all
 Just a friendly warning... Don't believe the reviews like I did...<br/><br/>Purchased this steam iron from a different retailer ( not sure how but price was lower than amazon )....only used few times... but what a nightmare ?<br/><br/>You fill the tank with water and  it runs out of water in less then 4 minutes so you have to fill more water... As an example; I use small 0.5cl water bottle and I use 0.5cl water in less than 10 minutes..<br/><br/>Customer Service is another horrible NIGHTMARE ( I called U.S Customer Service) - don't even waste your time calling them :<br/><br/>- After 10minutes getting information; Either the phone disconnected ?? or the rep hang up on me !<br/><br/>2nd REP : Brittany ( yes  - asked for the name after 1st experience ) was extremely rude - in 2 minutes wihout identifiying what  has happended ; not care to ask my name ; who I am ? why I called ? any apology or anyhing - told to me to " TAKE IT TO A SERVICE CENTER" with exact this words...<br/><br/>So again; not sure how it has 2000 positive reviews ??? really questionable but STAY AWAY and don't ignore the negative reviews like I did; believing the positive reviews...<br/><br/>Also; leaks water - and I did not use it more than 5 -6 times at all..<br/><br/>I guess higher price tag, "Made in Germany" does not make any difference.... $20 Black and Decker Iron does 10 times better job than this junk.
 There is still no other iron to use in my opinion.  I manage private home and have bought a number of all different kinds of Rowentas and no mater how much you spend they all have issues except for the Rowenta Pro with the separate tank but that is $300.00.  They tell you to use tap water but what they don't tell you is that you can't use tap water if it is treated.  Well most water is treated that comes out of the tap!  I have had so many issues with all of their irons leaking expect for the Pro because the  tank is separate.  Rowenta should start making these irons back in Germany or offer a better return policy.  I personally bought the DW5080 Focus and after 2 weeks the steam is not working as well as when I bought it.  These irons are a lot of money to not be perfectly reliable.  If you do a lot of ironing, like your sheets, or if you have a housekeeper who irons your sheets it is highly recommended that you get the Rowenta Dg8430 Pro- Precision Pressure Iron and Steamer.  It is the only one that I can say is well worth the money.
 Best iron ever.  Lots of steam!
 This iron is great! The cord doesn't get tangled like other irons I've owned and the plate is smooth as smooth can be - creating an ease in ironing. I actually found myself enjoying pressing wrinkles last night!
 Sadly the holes leak way too often, and the bottom has a charred rusted tinge.  I bought this to replace a cheap Sunbeam Iron that worked great for years, but was getting too old.
 This is my second Rowenta.  It works really well.  I iron lots of dress shirts and also do quilting.  Rowenta is the only brand I have found to get a good, hot temperature.  Really important, though, to follow the directions about only using tap water and emptying after each use.
 happy wife
 It was a great iron while it lasted. Purchased May, 2011, used maybe 20 times for 15-20 minutes until Oct 2015. Then, first it overheated and scorched the article I was ironing, and after shutting it down, it wouldn't heat at all. Repair shop suggested a faulty heating element (starting cost for the repair $80). Rowenta did not reply to my email describing the problem and the store where it was purchased will only give me a "deal" on a new iron. Considering that my previous iron lasted over 20 years, the Rowenta was a big disappointment. Do not believe all the good reviews - check out consumeraffairs.com to hear from dozens of dissatisfied Rowenta owners. My recommendation: DO NOT BUY A ROWENTA IRON.
 nie weight and features.  Quality product.
 I love my Rowenta Iron. It works great. It heats perfectly and has a lot of steam. I enjoyed being able to iron my husbands pants and get every little detailed ironed. I think its worth the price. I like it more than my other irons and I would buy it again.
 This iron works very well!
 Cord went out after 1 year! We have to replace it. It also burned holes in a few of my shirts while it was in the correct setting. You need a press cloth to use it! I literally hated this iron. My Black and Decker was better! Good steam, but that is it! Do not buy!
 If I could line up plants under my ironing board, I would have a dual purpose for this iron as much as it leaks.
 I purchased the DW5080 after careful research on reviews. This iron was a replacement to my 25 year old Sears stainless steel model.  I must say, the brand name and county of origin was enough to stear me to purchase the product.  However, I did find that although Rowentas are known for their steam power, I was sadly dissapointed at the fact that the iron spit and leaked water all over the fabric.  I followed the directions as stated.....used tap water, emptied the cavity when storing etc.  After the 10th time of using the iron, it still spit and sputtered.  The steam that emits from this iron is enough to give you a facial and you really need to only do one pass over the fabric to alleviate wrinkles.  But...you need to pass over and over the spots where it left water.<br/><br/>The iron was a little gawky for my small hand and I felt the handle should've been up closer to the head for better maneuverability.  I was used to the weight of it because my Sears iron had the same heft. The steel plate made it glide effortlessly over fabrics.<br/><br/>I don't iron garments alot but I do sew and I was looking for a good quality iron that could steam out creases as well as get in tight places.  I would've kept this product had it not spilled it's guts.<br/><br/>I do not recommend this product.  I was fortunate enough to recieve a full refund from Bed, Bath and Beyond and purchased a Black &amp; Decker Digital Advantage D2030.  It has 200 less watts but doesn't leak, passes over fabric nicely, is weighty and you can store it with water in cavity.<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Rowenta-DW5080-Focus-1700-Watt-Steam-Iron-with-400-Hole-Stainless-Steel-Soleplate/dp/B004ILTH1K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Rowenta DW5080 Focus 1700 Watt  Steam Iron with 400-Hole Stainless Steel Soleplate</a>
 I am very happy the purchase. Since I usually only iron once a week, I thought I would go with this iron as it was less expensive that the others I was comparing.  This turned out to be a good decision, as it exceeds my expectations every time I use it.
 The steal plate and steam are amazing! Cuts thru fannel shirts like butter and leave a perfect crease! Husband loved it!
 works great
 Really good iron. Ironing time reduced.
 it stopped maintaining heat (related to the cord connection) and leaks on your clothes. Terrible quality. Of course the warranty is only good for one year. This should last 5+ year. It's more like Chinese made than German made.
 That's Good!
 My husband and i are both police officers and iron our uniforms, as well as a ton of other clothing, daily. This iron is absolutely amazing and cuts ironing time in half. Heats up in seconds and has powerful steam that really gets the job done. Iron is very well made and we love it!!
 Leaks and drips and the steam often had deposits in it.
 Awesome
 I like the wonderful full steam and smoothness of the iron.
 Wish i had this sooner, my ironing time is cut in half!! Yesssss..has great steam but only downside is u have to fill it several times if doing a lot. But steam is amazing!!!
 Its one of the best iron box I've come across in my life. Heats up quickly and gets job done quickly, of course you should have good ironing skill! The steam is so powerful we need to fill the water tank after ironing one cotton dress. The only drawback is the price!
 My husband bought this iron after doing much research (he takes his ironing seriously). We both hate it! He wanted it to steam as you iron but it on does random bursts unless you you keep pressing the button. I hate it because the cord will not stay wrapped around the iron when I’m done. The steam thing bothers me too but not as much as the cord thing.
 Awesome product
 It was a gift and the recipient tells me that she loves it, it works great. I have liked the Rowenta I use, so I was glad to see this on sale.
 Great iron!
 I was really happy to see this product because it's very affordable and functional.
 Best iron you will ever use!
 You can always depend on Rowenta
 I HAD A ROWANTA BEFORE AND WAS VERY PLEASED AND AMHPPY WITH THIS ONE
 for tough cottons it needs a bit more power, for basics it works well
 I love this thing. I usually send all my cloths to the cleaners to be laundered and pressed. i have stopped that now i now iron all my shirts an this thing is beast i recommend it to everyone
 Best iron I have ever had.Works great.
 I will only ever buy a Rowenta iron. This is a replacement for my first Rowenta that lasted more than 10 years. This one is superior. The steam function alone is amazing. Heats up quickly. My clothes have never looked so pressed. Buy it!
 The is also a heavy iron as were all the Rowenta's (3) that I have owned. The steam is amazing.  The reviews I read about the amount of water this iron uses are correct.  Overall, this iron is well worth the money.
 amazing
 Best iron I have ever owned.  Steaming on this iron is second to none,
 This is one of the most expensive irons I ever bought and also the worst iron I ever had. I thought that i had bought the best iron but sadly it has dissapointed me. Do not buy u are wasting your money. Has a very serious leaking problem.
 My husband bought this iron for christmas last year and it is already dead. Water pours out of the bottom.
 I knew Rowena was the best. The iron is, and I tell anyone who asks, the very best. There are user friendly improvements that I really like.  Good Job
 Excellent
 I have owned this iron for about a year and it has been leaking for about 6 months.  I wish I had not bought this.
 Solid iron. Works well.
 I love the looks of this iron. Awesome!!!. I haven't used it so I cannot tell about its performance. Very fast shipping. I am pleased for now. Will comment on performance as times go by.
 5 *****
 Very satisfied with this product.
 My 3rd Rowenta.  Gets really hot, great for quilting.
 Love it, it works great!!
 Love it!!!
 Rowenta is aways a great brand and this iron is no exception! The price through Amazon was the best price i found
 Fast and easy to use even for a some who does not iron much.  Great product and I highly recommend it.
 it is great
 Good weight . Visual water level. Long cord. It works !!!
 Beautiful high quality iron, but it is heavy, so if you are ironing a lot, your arm might get tired!
 This is my second Rowenta Focus Iron -easily takes out all wrinkles in all types of material  - shortens ironing time.
 Received a Rowenta Mercedes Benz iron as a gift. The giver paid over $140 for it; worked as an iron should for about two months, then started leaking; soaked clothing before beginning steaming, and we just recently replaced it with a $20 iron from a department store. No comparison; the $20 iron runs circles around the so-called Mercedes. I intend to contact Mercedes Benz and file a complaint, as the Rowenta web site will not allow a complaint to be filed.  I understand the iron is actual manufactured in China; must be a plot to soak Americans and make them look wrinkled.
 Perfect so far.
 Great steaming. Easy fill water hole.
 Truthfully i could not tell you what happened in these past 10 hours like it's beyond words but right now we're smoking geebs, eating ice cream, and watching billy madison like i don't have much to complain about
 new iron, used three times. spits out rust each time I have tried to use this new iron.  will not use again.
 Do not buy this iron. Will not heat up hot enough to even iron one piece of clothing. Never buy Rowena again.
 I love Rowenta irons...except they start to leak after 3-4 months. This is my second,different models but same problem. I purchased this one  in September and water is POURING out. It has not been dropped or abused in any way (nor had the first one.)
 Just received today, Saturday, October 28, 2017, via Amazon Prime.  Arrived very well packaged.  I'm a guy that started ironing years ago after I realized that I didn't know how to iron a dress shirt or select heat settings for attire.  So... I've gone through a number of irons from different manufacturers.  My last iron was a Shark Professional 1500.  Not a bad iron in general but I really disliked the water tank in that it was quite challenging to determine exactly how much water remained and... the iron had to be set vertical for filling.  Both of these issues were immediately laid to rest with the DW5080.  It can be easily filled in the sink under running water... the use of tap water recommended by Rowenta.  Additionally, the quite large water tank proved very easy to see water level.<br/><br/>I also like the fact that the iron soleplate is stainless rather than non-stick material.  I've used non-stick soleplates and learned that I did not like using them over time.  Stainless is very easy to keep clean and Rowenta recommends using the self cleaning feature regularly, especially for hard water areas.  Rowenta has an excellent set of instructions.  Read them.  Use them.  They are valuable.<br/><br/>I've heard comments about the heaviness of the DW5080.  My former Shark 1500 and my current Rowenta DW5080 both weigh almost the same... 3 1/2 lbs dry... cord and all.  The Rowenta, however, is a bit larger both in width and length and this translates into a bit more iron to control, but not in a bad way for me at all.<br/><br/>Regarding the handle.  I am right handed and the length of my hand from the back of my palm to the end of my middle finger is between 7 1/2 and 8 inches.  I immediately noticed that with the Rowenta, my knuckles were not bumping into the temperature control like they always did on the Shark.  Very nice unexpected feature.<br/><br/>Regarding the temperature control.  It is detented... meaning that it has lots of micro clicks.  I like this feature so very much more than temperature controls that don't use detents.  It feels much more positive to me... but's that's just my opinion.<br/><br/>Regarding heat up time.  After filling the water tank, setting the temperature control, and plugging the DW5080 in, I walked to the closet, in the same room that I was ironing, grabbed three pair of khakis and a shirt, and returned to the ironing board.  I placed the first pair of khakis on the board and when I picked the iron up and presented it horizontally, I found that the thermostat indicator light had already gone out indicating that the iron was already at temperature and ready to go.  Placing the iron horizontally resulted in immediate steam from what appeared to be all of those 400 holes in the soleplate.<br/><br/>Regarding water consumption.  I've read some reviews where users had complained about how much water the DW5080 goes through.  Wanting to find out, I laid out three pair of heavily wrinkled men's cotton khakis and one men's cotton short sleeved button down.  I really like the DW5080's steam generation.  Much much more than the Shark... but remember... the Shark was a 1500 watt compared to the Rowenta 1700 watts... so it's not really fair to suggest that the Shark does not generate steam... perhaps a 1700 watt Shark might do the same thing... I just don't know.  Regarding water consumption, I set the DW5080 to it's hottest temperature (hotter than suggested for cotton) and fullest steam potential setting.  Doing so, I was able to completely and iron two full pairs of the khaki pants, and about half way through the third pair of khakis that the level of steam began declining.  The DW5080 has a scaled water tank with 50 gradations and organized by ounces... a larger marking at every two ounces.  Therefore, setting the iron vertical, I was able to determine that I had used a bit between 8 and 9 ounces of water for this session.  My take away, I should be able to quite easily iron a pair of pants, long-sleeved button down shirt, tie, and jacket... without refilling.  There's even a chance that a person could iron their boxer shorts as well in the same session if they so desired.<br/><br/>Conclusion after first use.  The Rowenta DW5080 is a wonderful product.  It's easy for me to see how much water is in the graduated tank.  The handle is very comfortable for me and my knuckles don't bump the temperature control.  I read a review about the polished solid stainless steel soleplate and how it glided.  I found that to be literally true.  The iron on first use literally glided across everything I set it on.  The level of steam literally eliminated every wrinkle that was presented to it.  Would I recommend this to a friend?  Most definitely.  I want to return to this entry a year from now to write how it's still doing at that time.
 This is, by far, the best steam iron I've ever used.  But like some of products I've received from Amazon, the instructions are absolutely horrible.  It's more like a picture book written for "all languages", and it does not adequately explain everything.  It needs serious help.  The best example of my frustration was in simply getting the iron to turn on.  There's no clear explanation for the on/off light, and when I plugged the iron in initially, the light was on, but nothing was happening.  The iron appeared to be broken.  Just for the heck of it, I laid the iron down flat on my board, then tilted it back up into its resting position.  Then the light changed color, and it started to heat up.  There's not a shred of documentation for that.  The iron itself works so well that I wouldn't give it less than 5 stars, but be warned in advance that the instruction booklet is a throw-away.
 First let me say that this review is not about the performance of the product.  This is the second one Rowenta DW5080 that I have ordered &amp; had to return.  Upon opening this package it was clear that the box has previously been opened as the item &amp; packing contents we dis-sheveled in the box.  Because I really wanted this iron, I was willing to over-look that if all else was good.<br/>The film that covers the face-plate had obviously been removed and re-applied (not properly aligned on the iron) - an indication that water may have previously been in it.  I filled it with water, plugged it in, turned the steam up to high &amp; steam "on" to test the steam and found that steam was only coming from the bottom 2/3 to 1/2 of the iron.  While testing this I noticed that the face-plate was actually been dented near the middle edge as well.  As I have received two of these items and both had arrived previously used, I do not feel comfortable ordering this iron a third time.<br/><br/>Update:  I decided to give it one last shot and return via replace through Amazon.  The iron arrived within 2 days of following the return/replace procedure and I am happy to report that this one arrived in great shape and had clearly not previously been opened.  I am very happy with the performance of this iron (based on 1st time use) - Soooooo glad I didn't give up on this one.<br/><br/>THANK YOU AMAZON for making the return and exchange process so easy!
 BEST IRON I'VE EVER OWNED!!! I do a lot of ironing...and I have finally found the ONE that have it all!!! AMAZING STEAM STREAM, PRECISION TIP, HEATS UP AT LIGHT SPEED and ANTI-CALC FEATURE!!!! The ergonomic handle and button placements are perfect! This thing is a BEAUTY!!! Thanks ROWENTA!!! You've gained a lifetime customer!
 I would like to start by saying I am a frequent (bordering on obsessive) ironer.  For some 30+ years I have tried them all.  And as someone who travels half the year, I see all the other brands in hotels.  I first started buying Rowenta irons 15 years ago.  There simply was no equal.  But they are not the same today.  I am writing this review having just purchased this iron for probably the third time.  I plan to get about 1-1.5 years out of it.  That’s the best that you can hope for, because as so many reviewers have mentioned, this iron will start to leak after a period of time.  That’s disappointing to hear when you buy a new “high end” iron.  But that’s the reality.<br/>Here’s the problem: what other brand would you buy to get similar quality?  There are no other choices.  I have tried the Sharks, the Sunbeams, you name it.  Nothing delivers the steam like this one does.  But it has a shelf life.  Just like your car or anything else you buy.  It’s sad that that is where the world is today, but that’s the reality.  There was a time when a Rowenta would last 10 years, but those days are gone.  Someone at corporate probably figured that they could sell a whole lot of “decent” irons at $50-$100 faster than irons that last ten years at $150.  And the fact I just bought my almost annual replacement proves them right.  Is it right?  Heck no.  But that’s the reality.  If someone can name another iron out there that performs the same and lasts longer I would love to know.  It still doesn’t make it right, and it doesn’t mean someone won’t come out with one.  Know this folks at Rowenta-we who iron regularly know what you’ve done to ruin this brand and at some point your short term cost cutting will cost you more than you think.  Enjoy your profits while they last.
 I’ve bought this Rowenta DW5080 Focus iron a year and four months ago. It worked very well until now. Less than a year and a half after purchase, it is no longer works at all when I put water in it, when I drain water it is barely heating up and works only occasionally. So much for being made in Germany. It costs a hundred dollars but it is not long lasting and their warranty is only for a year. Look elsewhere if you want your iron to last longer than a year.
 Bear with me for a second so you really know where I'm coming from with this review, just a little history. When I was 16 I started working for a family that owned a chain of dry cleaners and a laundry production plant  I worked there for 10 years during which time I learned every position in that company on the laundry production and dry cleaning production sides, and eventually became the laundry production manager handling work for 2 dry cleaning production stores and 3 substations.  Employees got their clothes done free. So you have to know that I like and am used to nicely pressed garments -- I absolutely cannot wear wrinkled stuff, even jeans and shorts -- and you know that I know my way around an iron and certainly know how to iron.  That said,<br/><br/>This is absolutely the best (non-commercial) iron I have ever used.  My steamer also died and this iron is so good, puts out so much steam, that I'm not replacing that steamer!  This is value for your money!  I owned a different model Rowenta previously ( can't remember which one) and it was good, but heavy.  This is not heavy at all, does not bother my arthritic hands.  It makes my ironing so much faster and well, pleasant, which is hard to describe. I love it so much that my husband and I bought one for a friend of ours who does a lot of ironing too!  Seriously.  Anyhow, I iron my clothes with it, but also fabric because I sew and do some upholstering.  The only minor complaint I have, and it really can't be a true complaint, is that I have to continually fill it up with water.  I know though that it is because I use the highest steam setting 98% of the time and the steam I get is worth keeping a picture of water around (distilled water not required).  Also, mine was absolutely made and manufactured in Germany, NOT China.  Make sure you get the one not made in China so you have the German quality.  I'm certain if you purchase this iron you will love it too.
 This is my first negative review. I read the reviews about it leaking but over all it got a 4.5 stars so Thought I’d try it even purchased an insurance plan....I was trying to replace a leaky rowenta iron I currently own....on my third shirt water started leaking! First use!<br/>Its going back and rowenta has lost a customer for good...thinking the high price would reflect in the quality...no.
 I bought this iron in March, 2016.  I decided to pay a higher price for a premium product.  Before this iron, we have a less expensive one for about 5 years.  We use our iron daily and the place of our old iron was black from lint build-up and use.  So, I bought this hoping that due to the brand and price, I would be getting a product that would last me a long time. Well, last week, after turning on our iron, I began smelling something burnt.  Couldn't figure out where the smell was coming from.  Finally traced the smell to the iron.  It smelled like a campfire, burnt marshmallows.  When I went to use the iron, rusty water started pouring out and it stained the clothes that I was going to iron.  I cleaned the iron, emptied the water and it hasn't gotten any better.  I read that it is the casing around the filaments, but I have no way to take the plate off and check it out.  From what I read, there is no way to fix this.<br/><br/>Here I am, less than a year later, and I have to buy another iron.  Save yourself some money, go for a less expensive brand and then if you have to replace it after a year, you know that you didn't spend a premium price and got a lemon.<br/><br/>BTW...the plate on this iron remained clean for the most part the entire time that we have had it. I did have to clean it a couple of times, but nothing burned onto it.
 I wish it had occurred to me the water well was a dark color when I bit the bullet and bought this model.  It is extremely difficult to see the water level if you're old and wear bifocals. the color of the water well is my major issue and I've learned to hold it against the light while juggling the water bottle.<br/><br/>So far, it does the job.  I think it takes to much time to heat up to produce steam. When it finally produces steam, it is intense and you could burn yourself if not being careful.<br/><br/>I have 2 different irons and this one does a better job of pressing out the creases in sewing pattern tissue paper.  I love the nose on the Rowenta as opposed to my Black &amp; Decker for being able to iron around buttons.  My B&amp; D is the iron when I'm working on the road.  I stay at inexpensive motels.<br/><br/>I've not had any leaking issues, even though it did take a dive off the ironing board.  I use this iron to do the first iron of my road clothes and for pressing while I sew.  In that respect; this iron puts the B &amp; D in the dust.<br/><br/>It does have an automatic turn off.  I wasn't thrilled at first.  Now, I set it on the plate so it warms up and I sew up a bunch of seams.  When I do this, the steam is phenomenal.<br/><br/>I'm not sure if I would recommend this particular model to anyone.  I've figured out its quirks but for $100, you shouldn't have to worry about these things.<br/><br/>I still own my Rowenta I bought about 16-18 years ago from Costco.and it is the reason I purchased this new one.<br/>As I mentioned earlier, my only complaint is the color of the water well and that is on me.
 This is my 5th Rowenta iron in 15 years and probably my last.  I iron every day because I believe pressed clothing projects a professional image, I switched to the Rowenta brand on the advice of a seamstress who been using a Rowenta iron for over ten years.<br/>The first two Rowenta irons I purchased lasted 5 years each before they began leaking while ironing, I empty the water out of my iron each time I finish ironing so the iron does not have water sitting in the vessel to cause potential issues.  I dropped my 3rd Rowenta iron accidentally and had to replace it.  Rowenta iron number 4 lasted under 3 years before it began going cold in the middle of ironing, I would have to unplug it and wait 5 minutes before it would heat up again.  So, I ordered this Focus model in the Rowenta line because it's the same model as the first Rowenta iron I ordered, this one isn't of the same quality as the first Rowenta iron I purchased 15 years ago.  This iron goes hot and  cold while I'm ironing causing me to spend too much time ironing.  I'm very disappointed in Rowenta letting their quality go downhill, all of the Rowenta irons I purchased were made in Germany, I appreciated that as German companies have greater engineering and quality in their products than products coming from China.  I do not recommend this iron.
 We've been married for 13 years and have gone through 3-4 irons. Typically we've bought something in the $35-50 range, they last for 2-3 years, and we replace.  All had their flaws, but got the job done.<br/><br/>So, on this last round we decided to go higher end.  Maybe if we buy something higher quality it will last longer.  Enter this German-made Rowenta, which came with 4+ star reviews.<br/><br/>From the very first run out of the box I had concerns about this iron.  It quite a bit of water every time.  Yes, I followed the directions perfectly and did not overfill, nor fill it while the iron was hot, etc etc.  I kept trying it, and after a couple weeks of it consistently doing this I was ready to send it back.  My wife however liked the solid, heavier feel to this unit, and she typically irons more than I do anyway, and so rather than going through the hassle of returning I just said "if it's good enough for her then we'll just keep it".<br/><br/>Fast forward 1 year and two months later, and now we both hate it.  Not only does it still leak water, but the interiors have corroded or something and it so it also spews out the yellow-orange scaling (we have hard water here).  Also, my wife says it doesn't heat up as well as the cheap Panasonic we had before (which I just repurchased to replace this Rowenta).<br/><br/>I've never had an iron, or any small appliance for that matter, last such a short period, and for the money we paid this is very disappointing.  So much for "German-made".  I am not enthused about ever trying another Rowenta product, and based on our experiences cannot recommend this unit.<br/><br/>It gets two stars because it's solid/heavy, and looks pretty.
 Rowenta really is a great brand for irons.  They hold up and last for a decade at least.  Our first Rowenta was a wedding gift and lasted for nearly 10 years before it started leaking water, which might have been age or possibly multiple pack-ups and moves.  We've since purchased another Rowenta and it's just the same in terms of ease of use, reliability, and effective ironing.  Assuming this continues to last for several years as well, we will likely stick with Rowenta for a while.
 I'll let the rest of the reviews explain how powerful this iron is.  No complaints there and I'm very happy with its performance.  Removing a star each for 1) almost no thought put into cord management - be prepared to be irritated every time you want to wind the cord and put the iron away...and 2) the placement/tension of the settings dial.  I have larger-than-average hands(I'm male fwiw) and unless I consciously decide to be careful, my hand hits the settings dial when grabbing the handle to pick up the iron.  When I accidentally hit the settings dial, it changes the setting.  More often than not it bumps the dial HOTTER, which is a recipe for disaster.<br/><br/>Consider how often you put down/pick up the iron during an ironing session and ask yourself if you want to have to pay attention to how you handle the iron each and every time you touch it.  It can be done but it slows me down and I'd rather be focusing on my work.  It's a constant irritation and makes what should be a relaxing chore into an exercise in frustration.<br/><br/>I regret not trying this iron prior to purchase and will be avoiding any Rowenta(or any brand for that matter) irons with this design in the future.
 The iron works real good, if you don't mind having to hold iron in air, use the burst of steam, then use it on what you are ironing.  It only worked one time in a row, so if you needed to use the burst of steam, you would have to hold the iron in the air, use it, then place it back on what you are ironing, and use the burst of steam.
 I've used this steam iron for over a year with good results. I iron only a few times a month, mainly a few tops and skirts or pants, plus one or two sets of bed linens (the rest are no-iron). Pros: Easy to fill; easy to determine how much water is left in reservoir; easy to use (glides well); steam works properly; comfortable handle; long cord. Cons: At my age (71) my eyesight isn't what it used to be. The fabric temperature indicator is in white print against a gold background. This makes no earthly sense to me. Why not black print on white, or white print on black? Without contrast, it is difficult to read. The temperature control seems "off" somehow. That is, even though I know I'm ironing something that is cotton or a cotton/man-made blend, I often have to put the setting on linen. Although it's preferable to accidentally scorching something, the thermostat should be more precise and predictable. The bottom appears to have held up over the past year, but there are some mild scratches/discolorations--possibly from having accidentally gone over part of a button, etc.  All in all, the iron works fairly well, but I would expect a better performance for this price.<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Rowenta-DW5080-Focus-Auto-Shut-off-400-Hole-Stainless-Steel-Soleplate-Steam-Iron-1700-Watt-Beige/dp/B004ILTH1K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Rowenta DW5080 Focus Auto Shut off 400-Hole Stainless Steel Soleplate Steam Iron,1700-Watt, Beige</a>
 I had been using a cheaper iron for years.  Wearing button down shirts nearly every day, I decided to try out a better iron.  My goodness, this iron is in a completely different league.  It glides along cotton so well and actually pushes the fabric ahead of the base rather than ironing in a wrinkle like the cheaper irons.  The heat is continuous and far more uniform on the sole plate.  This iron will steam continuously if you wanted to without bogging down in the least bit.  I love this iron so much I dread having to use an iron in a hotel room but am then that much happier when I return home to this beauty.
 I've been a very happy Rowenta owner for 20+ years. But mine was wearing out and I got an exceptionally great deal on this one. However, I find that the newer model has a couple of design issues that I'm not real pleased with. First being the Steam control buttons at the top. They seem to be in a weird spot for me. My hand grasp is higher on the iron because of the weight so have to move my hand back to keep off of the buttons. Partially because of spraying when I don't want to but mostly because they have a side edge that is very uncomfortable. My old Rowenta had softer, rounder buttons that were not noticed during use. These are sharper and annoying.<br/>Second is the shape of the nose. I'll probably get used to it but I've always used the uppr 1/3 of the iron to run a seam. Can't do that as smoothly with this model.<br/>So 4 stars instead of 5 but overall... Love Rowenta! Great product
 Epic Iron. German quality, and performance, and stupid easy to use. Presses efficiently way better than any iron I had before. Including any Black and Decker, or General Electric, or even the lower Rowenta line irons I have tried.<br/><br/>Cotton and Linen, this iron shows its mettle. I am blown away. Clothes that were frustrating to iron are effortless here. The Sole plate, and Jet action of the water spray is even, and never spits. It has good even heat, and the handling, and effort required is top notch.<br/><br/>Waiting to use is not long at all before getting to optimal temperature. My synthetics also hard to press or iron are done well here too. Only slight niggle is I would have liked a Teflon Sole plate as it would reduce some sticking that could occur in use in some instances.<br/><br/>Controls and status lamp are easy to understand an use. Balance is terrific. Cord is long enough, but sometimes I would love another 3 feet for those outlets that are just a bit far from my work space.<br/><br/>Highly recommended for those ironing chores you hate to do. Yeah for me that is all of them. But this iron at least makes it very do able, and almost well, fun. Yeah wasn't expecting that. If the price is not too dear, this is the iron to get. Highly rated by others, and I agree. A winner.
 I have had this iron for about a month and absolutely love it. Its design shows thoughtfulness and respect for those of us who iron. Start with the front, where the narrowness of the point allows the iron to get further between the buttons and other tight space in clothing where other irons fail to even straighten the cloth. Then there is the handle of the iron which is centered over the sole plate rather than over the heel allowing whatever pressure you apply to go the largest area of cloth under the iron. And finally there is the sole-plate itself, which glides almost effortlessly over the clothing. The large temperature dial permits a more refined control of temperature and the water tank is almost as big as my water tank in the garage - OK, OK so I'm exaggerating a little. It's a 10.3 fl oz tank. In addition to all this it has the standard safety features  - auto switch off, etc., etc., etc. Price is a little higher than the Walmart special $19.99 iron b ut the pure joy of using the iron will send you into paroxysms of ......i don't know, insert your own noun.<br/><br/>I would highly recommend this product.
 This one seems to be holding up a lot better than the previous Rowenta I bought.  Very much recommend this model.<br/><br/>I have yet noticed much gunk build up for the anti-calcium feature to be necessary in a few months of daily use, but nevertheless this is a great iron and one that seems to be a work horse.  Spend the extra and go with this Everlast model.
 I purchased the Rowenta DW5080 Dec. 23, 2015 after my 15 yr old Rowenta stopped heating.  I loved the iron as one of the best I have ever owned.  Sadly a mere 18 months later the Rowenta has started to leak puddles of water while sitting in an upright position for no reason.  The iron has been well maintained and is only used for quilt making so not an every day use.  I am so so disappointed.  While talking with friends I have found that several of them have had the same problem.  The quality of the Rowenta iron has slipped so it makes no sense to purchase an expensive iron for such short term use.
 Man... why didn't I buy one of these sooner? I am IN LOVE with my new iron, I literally pulled clothes out of my closet over the weekend to iron countless items (just for fun), all I can say is WOW!!!<br/><br/>I'd been using a cheep iron from Walmart that leaked onto my clothing BIG TIME and didn't press the clothing very well (plus it kept leaving brown flecks on my clothing - not sure what that was?).<br/><br/>The Rowenta1700 has a good weight to it (I no longer need to PRESS my cloths while trying to Iron them). It also has a ton of steam holes (400 to be exact) and that makes all the steaming so seamless!  I have a couple dresses that I had never been able to get wrinkles out of - with this iron they came out perfectly the first go round (with steam).<br/><br/>Some reviewers note that water leaked from iron onto clothing, this wasn't an issue for me!<br/><br/>Also loved that the iron had an auto shutoff - that was a nice feature and it did kick in for me when I left it upright too long without use.<br/><br/>I hope that this iron will last me a really long time - I've been waiting to get a good one (I sew and it's important to do a lot of pressing while sewing). I only wish I'd gotten this years ago, but hey, at least  I have it now :)
 I love this iron! I have owned Rowenta for years and this one does not disappoint! Made in Germany, so the quality is the best! I have noticed some styles of Rowenta are now being made in China and the reviews are not as good. Heats up FAST, has the whole sole plate covered with micro holes to disperse the steam. Works well as a vertical steamer also. Love the weight and the precision tip. Makes ironing a breeze. The plate is high polished stainless steel, just a wipe after use and its clean again. Easy to fill and empty after use. I do wish the contrast was higher on the setting dial, but with good lighting I have no trouble seeing what my setting is. If your looking for a new iron you can't go wrong with this one! I expect it to last as long as my old one did (over 25 years of hard use)! Highly recommend this iron and this seller. Remember to register your iron with Rowenta on line, you get access to all kinds of tips.
 Purchased the DW5080 in Feb 2015 and has worked great until March 2016. In March 2016 the iron started not producing steam when ironing. When you put the iron upright, you hear it make bubbling sounds and steam is coming out of the vent.  When you put the iron down to iron, the steam stopped. I emptied the water out of the iron after each use and cleaned once a month per the manufactures instruction.  Not sure what caused this, but I'm now searching for a new iron. The days of irons working for many many years have long since passed. I still like the Rowena but the $80 price tag for less than a year of service is a bit steep.
 We iron a LOT and this iron has never given us a lick of trouble. After our last Rowenta gave up the ghost for no detectable reason, it was time to research the field. One issue, unless you're left handed, is that many manufacturers put the "shot of steam" button on the right, which means that you will have to reach up and over the handle with a double-joined thumb to press for steam while ironing; God lick with that. This Rowenta has the puff-o-steam button on the left where it belongs, enabling you to iron happily for hours, steaming wrinkles and hints of wrinkles into oblivion with the wild abandon that only a serious ironing-aficionado would live for.  According to other reviews I read, this particular unit is still actually made in Germany, vs. just pretending to be German-made, and reviewers seem to be saying that means it will last longer. I believe them. Ours now has roughly 100 hours on it and is functioning perfectly. Trivia: Note that this iron will NOT function on a standard extension cord. You'll need to check and follow what's recommended in the manual; if you need an extension cord to reach your preferred ironing location, it's either going to be one of those subtle, deer-hunter-orange ones or something you make yourself (if you know what you're doing and can find the right parts - be sure you have the specs right and try the electrical section of any home improvement store; that's where we found them). Happy ironing!!
 If you are looking for great steam output and perfect ironing - then this is the iron for you!  For years I had only used Rowenta irons, however, while they were fine initially, I started to struggle with them spitting.  Being a sewer, I use my irons quite a bit.  After my prior experience with Rowenta irons, I bought Oliso irons.  I currently have three of them.  While I love them, their steam output is nothing compared to a Rowenta.  I have to be honest that I was very hesitant to buy not only another expensive iron, a Rowenta at that.  I can honestly say, I do not get an drips or spitting from this iron.  The steam can be so intense that it can fog my glasses!  Its a wonderful iron and reminds me of the Rowenta's from 10 years ago that if you take care of them, they should last you years with no issues.  Just make sure you use the right water.  We have a water softener and therefore, I do not use it in any of my irons.  While the user guide states not to use spring water, I do use spring water and it works great!!!  I am happy to report, there are no regrets in buying this iron and absolutely love it.
 I really looked forward to owning this iron but it has not functioned well since the day it arrived.  While ironing, it drips, drips, and drips leaving water spots on expensive fabrics.  I was dressing for a special event and wanted to touch up my outfit before leaving and ended up changing outfits three times due to water spots.  I tried filling the iron way below the max water level but this doesn't help.  I guess I will order a cheap brand after spending all this money. (:-(
 This "iron" is worthless if one wants to iron cotton fabric. Since I am inclined to use natural and organic products, I wear cotton shirts...etc. The ironing surface heats up to 120-130 Fº on the highest setting what was determined with an infrared thermometer. Might as well just sit on the fabric since our body temperature is around 97.5 Fº. Naturally, it would take longer to get the wrinkles but but with lot less aggravation. Unfortunately, my deadline for returning this expensive paper weight has expired due to our traveling. I cannot recommend this product. I would have given zero stars if it were possible.
 I took good care of it with regular cleanings and this week it just stopped working. Bought in April of 2017.
 The iron is great. The fact you can design such a nice iron yet not have the common sense to have some sort of cord management system is ridiculous. I mean anyway I try and wrap the cord around the thing it doesn't freaking work. As a matter of fact, it's as if someone purposely designed the cord NOT to wrap in any logical way just to piss me off. I mean even a little velcro cord tie attached to the cord (which I attached on my own) would have helped. But yes- I subtracted 2 whole stars just because of this. Some would feel this is excessive. I feel that such a simple oversight is worthy of my wrath. Rowenta stock will probably crash after this critical review is published- and I apologize upfront for all of the turmoil  I will have caused this company. But for humanity's sake please find a way to manage the cord when one puts the iron away, and don't rely on the end user to have to come up with a solution for a $75 iron.
 I really like this iron, but I really dislike the color.  I mean, the color is okay, it's just that the knob is equally dark and makes it more challenging to visibly see on what setting it's set.  Plus, the darkness of makes it more challenging to see the water level in the unit.  I read the reviews on how it leaks, etc., and I am strongly suspect of the negative reviews on here.  You need to follow the instructions and empty the water out after each use, or at least use it all up each time.  And never use anything other than tap water.  The auto-off switch was initially annoying, because you have to wait for it to heat back up fully after several minutes of disuse, but be very careful once it heats up because this baby will get HOT.  I was also initially annoyed by how heavy it was, even before adding water, but its weight makes it easier to use and to apply less pressure to press clothes.  Just don't drop it on your toe!<br/><br/>In summary, I have no idea why I paid nearly $100 for an iron.  I'd like to say this is a professional iron, but even professional irons don't function as nice.  If you have about $50 extra to burn and want to treat yourself, go for it.  To this day my only beef is with the color, and would've preferred White over anything else.
 I have to say I was a little disappointed in this iron. I read a ton of reviews on irons before I bought this one and Rowenta was almost universally rated one of the best. It's easy to use, but I wasn't completely satisfied with the ironing results. What I do like is the weight, a heavier iron produces better results, and I also like the narrow point at the tip of the iron. It's easy to use but filling the water was a bit tricky.
 When ironing, you need the right tool for the right job. This thing mows through wrinkles my old Black and Decker struggled. This Rowenta replaced my Black and Decker as part of my ironing overhaul, I can now iron in half the time.
 I really don't understand all the 5 star reviews.  This iron worked well for about half a year and then started leaking water.  I can only use this as a dry iron now.  After reading posts online, this happens to be a quite frequently.  You would think that Rowenta would solve this problem.
 I had a Rowenta iron that died after 27 years. Got this one. It works great. My only complaint is a design complaint. On my old one, you held the iron and to to do increased steam or a squirt of water, you pushed those buttons. On this model, those buttons are "rockers" so it is easy to engaged them when simply holding the iron!  It took me a bit to figure that out. Once aware, you can avoid that problem, but I think Rowenta needs to address what I see as a design problem. I believe that many reviewers talking about water leaking are actually hitting those toggle/rocker switches and activating the release of unwanted water.
 I love this iron. My one disappointment, which I do not deduct any stars for, is that despite all the bells and whistles, I can't find any indicator that it is turned on or what setting it is on. There are no indicator lights revealing  the setting. You have to tip the iron to try to decipher the settings and then line up the white line. Wish they made it a bit easier.<br/><br/>i used to keep looking for the on/off switch but after a while I became accustomed to the plug it in to turn it on business. Auto shut off is a great safety feature. If left flat or tipped over, it shuts itsself off; if left standing, it will automatically turn off after 8 minutes<br/><br/>The iron fairly glides over your clothing without a hitch, leaving even linen blouses creaseless; appropriately steaming as it goes, depending on the control setting of the steam. Large water reservoir with wide spout to pour the water into. Long 7 foot cord does the trick. I tend to iron a lot so I appreciate the comfortable handle.<br/><br/>Self cleaning is a nice features to rid the iron of those nasty mineral deposits before they end up as stains on your clothing.<br/><br/>The Rowenta DW5080 is well worth the investment.
 Three Rowenta irons in less than 7 years. This is my last Rowenta for life. Day one, out of the box, the iron would not heat up to max setting, no matter how long I allowed the iron to heat up. Taking the iron from it's standing position to begin ironing produced a steady flow of leaking water in-between the front plastic sections--EVERY TIME! EACH and EVERY use of the iron leaked water from the plate, dripping and streaking water all over my clothing. Oddly, the steam button was excellent. There was no German quality in this iron at all. Purgamentum init inutilia!
 If you hate to iron clothes, it's because you don't have this Rowenta. I plugged it in last night for the first time and filled it with tap water (don't use distilled!) to iron my husband'a dress shirt. I was only going to iron one because it was midnight and I needed to go to bed. I ironed all five shirts because I couldn't resist. Some will read that and say, "Wow, you're such a loser." But those in the know would nod and say, "You've got a Rowenta."<br/><br/>It heats up quickly, has a steady and dispersed flow of steam. I love the pointed end that gets the hard to reach spots.<br/><br/>It doesn't fit in my existing iron holder I have mounted on the wall, but I see that as more a problem with the holder and not my Precious (my iron's name).
 Have loved the quality of Rowenta steam irons for many years.  Best steam iron on the market. However with the purchase of the Rowenta Focus I have found the thickness of the temperature control dial to be very frustrating. The dial thickness interferes with the normal hand position through the handle to hold the iron.  I dial the temperature, but when I put my fingers thru the handle, there is not enough room....so multiple times in my ironing project I inadvertently dial the knob to the wrong setting.
 I really can't rave enough about this iron! I sew and this iron gives a decided edge in improved turned corners, flat seams, etc. all the little things that lend a subtle touch of superiority to your finished product. It's big, heavy duty, and highly functional as well as comfortable to hold and use. The pointy tip does wonders for detail work and the weight really does help smooth fabric. I expect this quality appliance to last me many years.
 I hate ironing...  I hate ironing boards.. I especially hate the creases on the other side of shirt if it's not layed down perfectly.<br/>But steaming my clothes is painless. It's oh so nice and strong.<br/>  I just hang my shirts,  or pants from a hangar...  and BAM.. the steam button knocks out the wrinkles!  Lazy man dreams come to life.  It's better than the downy wrinkle free spray. Oh yeah I've been lazy for years.  Now back to bed, cause I hate leaving reviews.
 As soon as you open the box, you see it's a German appliance: no-nonsense from the start, the gliding surface comes fully protected, but everything is very easily to unpack.<br/>The iron surprisingly beautiful (Rowenta clearly favors functionality in their designs), and it feels quality to the touch. Good cord, long and with a device to prevent it from being "pressed" accidentally.<br/>The device is a bit on the heavy side, so it's really an iron for a more pro job, and not very practical for just pressing a piece before you leave. The steam is ridiculously powerful, though, so it actually lives up to the "vertical steam" advertisement. It also is water-intensive, so have your hose nearby.<br/>Gliding action is wonderful, temperatures are accurate and quick to achieve, the sprays are great and the steam is abundant in any situation.<br/>BOTTOM LINE: if you need an iron for heavy domestic use, this is the one. It is amazingly efficient and delivers best results faster than other I've had before. Not that great if you can not stand to keep lifting heavier portable appliances, so watch out.
 Works great! blasts steam like a boss! Unlike cheaper irons that you get at department stores that have few giant steam holes in the bottom plate, this iron has hundreds of tiny ones. this gets a nice and even steam surge that lasts longer and takes out stubborn wrinkles with zero effort. I also like the ergonomics of the iron and the water fill port. Most fill ports are made so that no mater how careful you are, an air bubble forms that ends up spitting the water all over the place when it backs up. The only way to avoid this is to add the water so slowly you might as well add it a drop at a time. this one is vented properly so you can pour water in a steady stream all the way til its filled without a mess. When things are designed well and offered at a reasonable price you wonder why cheap sunbeam, proctor and silex, and shark brand irons exist at all. stop buying that nonsense people, this is what you need!
 I've just done my first basket of ironing, which was kind of embarrassingly big.  I love this iron.  My previous iron, which died recently, was also a Rowenta I loved.  I chose this one because a greater percentage of buyers liked this model than the other upper-level Rowentas.  I am now adding to that number for those shoppers who come after me.<br/><br/>The heating time is at least as good as my old iron, the steam is generous, the shape of the plate works very nicely, and I like the weight of the whole thing.  It's a good little appliance, and we wear a lot of things that need ironing.<br/><br/>Things I don't like, but which needn't prevent you from selecting this:  the fill window should be clear, regardless of what Rowenta's style team thinks, and the cord is definitely shorter than the model I have before.  I can obviously deal with the window issue, and have moved the ironing board close to a different outlet from which I can still see my computer.  I am not willing to iron without watching something.  Seriously.
 After only 3 months, this iron started leaking large amounts of water. I use to love rowenta irons because they use to last several years. The last 4 rowanta irons I have owned only lasted 9 months to a year and now this one for only 3 months.  I will no longer purchase this brand.
 I have seen reviews stating it doesn't get warm quickly or that it leaks. I haven't had an issue with it. If anything it works almost too well. I have to learn how to adjust the steam level a bit because I think I'm using too high of a setting even for cotton products. It's heavy so if you're new to the brand be prepared. I had a very affordably priced Black &amp; Decker iron for years and it's feather light compared to this one. The tip makes it really easy to get into the more detailed areas of clothing.<br/><br/>My older sister has had a Rowenta iron for years and loves it. I was skeptical for the price but now that I have one I'm glad I made the investment!
 Have used Rowenta irons for many years.  Had a Steamium for years which I dropped and needed to replace. This one seemed similar....but it is not.  Have no problem with the quantity of steam and ease of ironing.  My disappointment is with the temperature dial being under the handle.  For whatever reason, this seems to move while ironing and I get the linen setting when I'm ironing silk.  I have to shut it off and let it cool down so I can bring it back to the desired temperature.  Not sure if my hand is hitting the dial or what but the dial moves too easily.  If the dial is under the handle it should have graduated heat settings that need to be clicked to get to a higher temperature.....not simply increase with movement of the iron.  Based on my previous long experience with Rowenta, I wish I could give this a better rating but scorched clothing is a deal breaker.
 Cut my ironing time by a third. And does an excellent job.  Some reviews have said it's hard to see the water level, but I found that with proper lighting, it's not a problem to see where the water level is at.  Everything about this iron is much better than the Shark iron I had that stopped working after 2 years.  And I don't iron that much. I don't like ironing, and therefore it seems to accumulate. I end up spending three or four hours each month ironing everything that needs ironed, all at once. Having this new iron makes that chore much more palatable.  The dial is easy to read and makes a clicking noise when turned.  I found this nice because if my hand accidentally slips while I am ironing, I hear that I've just changed the setting.  It has a burst of steam that can be used, but I found I don't need to use it all that often, like I did with my old iron, because this works well enough not to have to use it.  Just cutting my ironing time by a third was well worth the purchase.
 This is a good performing iron and there are not many times where I have said "Why is that wrinkle still there?" I have been using this since april and I can confidently say if you dont mind the couple things I will mention then you will love this.<br/><br/>Weight,<br/>I am perfectly ok since I am an adult male but my mother complained that it is too heavy for her.<br/><br/>Non-retractable cord,<br/>This is on me for not checking the specs but I assumed in 2017 this would be a default thing, slightly annoying but to each their own.<br/><br/>Overall a good iron so far but a little heavy and have annoying cord, hard to stuff it in a random spot if you have a small apartment.
 I bought this iron Oct. 2016 and it died May 2017. It will not heat to temperature unless I press the steam button continually. It is also leaking water. I will not buy a Rowenta again. I was warned but with all the great reviews I bought one anyway. Never again.
 We are disappointed that this iron only lasted us 13 months. Conveniently the warranty is only for 12 months. So we're stuck with this thing. We really loved it for a year. It worked great but now it leaks badly every-time we put water in it. And we use the steam function frequently. Without it this is just another low grade iron. Too bad Rowenta. We thought your products were good quality, but I guess not...
 Having gone through a number of irons in my life, this is the second Rowenta I've owned. The first one sadly was never the same after dropping it a few times during its lifetime. I tried another brand for a while and the quality was lacking so decided no more skimping on quality. I iron a lot of cotton items and the steam function is one the best features of the Rowenta.
 I was initially disappointed in the iron, and I have always been very happy with Rowenta Irons. This one leaked, sputtered, and was a mess to work with. However, I called Rowenta to see why my iron was performing so badly. He asked if I was following the directions included with the iron. I had to admit, I didn't have any directions. He kindly emailed them to me. It specifically specifies using SPRING WATER. I have to admit, I didn't recall ever seeing SPRING WATER in my grocery store. I went to a different store and did find the specified SPRING WATER. I brought it home and was delighted to find that the iron performed perfectly! I am so happy that I had called the number for help.
 This iron is as slick and stylish as a new car! It literally drives itself full steam ahead... sharp on the creases and smoothing the curves around collar buttons. If you are looking for reliability, professional steam action, self-cleaning, and a beauty that will endure for many years then get this model. In 35 years of marriage rearing three children to adulthood I have owned a Rowenta. This might be the third one I have purchased. I choose the upgraded version of this model for the features and the price. Other irons offer the usual, but the Rowenta engineered stainless steel plate, with hundreds of steam holes,  rolls along on the smoothest silk leaving no snags or wrinkles in it's wake. This will be your dream iron, and it will arrive on time for you to minimize your ironing needs.
 Worked well for 9 months. Then the steam button stopped working.  I should've contacted seller about warranty then, because just after the warranty ran out now the cord comes loose from the iron and shuts off while using.<br/><br/>The last iron I bought was a third of the price and listed five years.  Save your money and buy another, at least then if it deteriorates early, it's less disappointing.
 This iron to put it bluntly, is awesome.  I unfortunately knocked over my other DW5080 and broke the top and I didn’t hestitate to get the same iron again.  I didn’t just repair it b/c it’s cheaper to just use the broken iron for spare parts as my new one ages.  Anyways, what makes this iron great is the speed I’m able to iron with this iron. It produces a good amount of steam if necessary and even though it’s not really heavy for those heavy weight fabrics you can get good leverage with iron to really get a good press.  I’ve been working with 19th century types of fabrics which tend to be thick and this iron presses them with ease.  For $80 you can’t get a better iron for that price.  I guarantee if you get this iron, it’ll put joy into your ironing.
 I wanted to wait to make a review to see how well it worked, I have been using this iron for 5 months and I love it. My other irons I have bought leak and I needed a good steam iron. I use distill water and have had NO leaks and it works great. A lot of the irons on the market does not get hot enough but this one has "true" settings". Linen and Cotton settings are hot and os forth. I plan to  purchasing next year the Rowenta Steam Station. Becasue it has the larger reservoir and I do a lot of quilting.
 This is the iron you want if you like a powerful steam iron.  It has a nice weight and with 400 holes in the sole plate for steam it does an incredible job getting out wrinkles.  I often just use steam on nice shirts and forego the spray starch.  This is probably my fifth Rowenta.  They just keep getting better and better.  The one drawback I can identify is that they tend to last only so long.  Maybe it's because I use it every day.  My previous Rowenta only lasted five years.  For the price I expected it to last longer before breaking down.  But I keep buy them for the overall quality.
 when my iron died I was looking for a replacement. I didn't want to buy a cheap one as I iron clothes for work daily. ironing for me is like meditation LOL. These irons are not cheap, they are built in Germany and are built well. Not only do I enjoy using this steam iron, it works perfectly,the steam it produces is plenty. Please be aware that due to the volume of steam it generates, the water will need to be refilled if you are ironing more than one shirt and trouser. Aesthetically it looks better in person than in pictures. I hope this iron lasts me at least 5 years.
 I purchased this in February of this year and use it no more than once a week (usually less).  It already doesn't steam well, it spits out white particles--certainly not worth the $78 it cost. The 7 year old Rowenta I replaced with this iron with was doing this, wasn't getting as hot as it should, not steaming well--but this new one is going downhill in 6 months!!!  I have purchased several Rowenta irons over the years, but the quality just keeps going down.  I would NOT recommend this iron.  The directions say to clean the iron every two weeks--really, even when it might only get used once in two weeks!  I use bottled Spring water in the iron because our water is very hard and we use softner salt.
 I had a Rowenta Runway model iron unfortunately I dropped it on the concrete floor and was forced to purchase a new one. I am partial to the ROWENTA brand and I was slightly disappointed with this particular iron because it is quite heavy. Although the weight of the iron improves the pressing, for me it is difficult to maneuver due to my physical disabilities. On the plus side the iron has 400 steam vents and a large capacity water reservoir. The steam this iron delivers is exceptional. The exaggerated point to the front of the iron makes pressing into small space quite easy and the garments look professionally pressed. I recommend this product in spite of its weight.
 If you hate doing a task, buy the BEST tool to get it done the quickest and the easiest.  I hate ironing but need it for my work clothes.  I had bought my last couple of irons for around $40 bucks and they worked well for a while, but as soon as I had a problem it would be a huge hassle.  I always wanted to get a Rowenta because of their great reputation (I might need to get out more if I "always wanted a great iron" - just sayin).<br/><br/>When I found this one with a stainless plate and a super reasonable price (in the $60 range) I ordered it and threw my last teflon coated one in the trash.  This iron is great.  No issues with hot spots.  It does not stick and I always iron on the hottest temp - I do use a nylon clothes protector for some of my delicate tops, but that is because I have ruined two teflon irons and a couple of tops.  I am told stainless doesn't stick like that but twice burned (literally).<br/><br/>Lots of steam with steam all the way to the tip.  Very easy to fill - the water entry is slanted and has a large funnel type opening so you can fill it while it is upright without having to lean it this way or that.  Heats up almost instantaneously - and I have absolutely no patience and am always running late so I should know.  It has a heavy weight and professional feel to it which I like.  Because the weight is on the plate side, it can be knocked over by, say, a wobbly ironing board and a running cat, so keep it on a stable surface when not in use.  That will not remove any stars from my love of this iron.
 There is no off switch.  You have to unplug it or walk away leaving it on until it turns itself off, which takes a while.  However, when laying flat, such as when you are ironing with it, it does turn off fairly quickly, way too quickly.  I often have to stop and turn it back upright in the middle of ironing to get it to turn back on.  This happens while ironing normal items such as pants and shirts.<br/><br/>Also the scale for the heat settings is light colored lettering against a light colored background making it hard to read.<br/><br/>The steam is a bit weak on settings lower than cotton.
 After purchasing and burning out countless discount store irons, I have finally found a iron that has has staying power!!  I am a sewist and use my iron daily. WOW what quality.  I could tell from the first moment that this iron would give me "smooth" results. Light weight, steam galore, uses tap water, and DOESN'T SPIT hot water all over.  If the need arises again, I will repurchase.<br/>Would love to see a bigger water tank. ;-)
 This is a great iron! Rowenta is the only name to trust, just make sure the particular model you want is made in Germany, like this one (they do manufacture elsewhere, but the reviews for those irons are not good). It produces copious amounts of steam, which is adjustable. On the highest steam setting, expect to only get 1 or 2 jeans or shirts done before refilling. It will last much longer on the lower steam release settings. The one thing I wish these irons had (and this goes for any brand) is an "Off" position. You're just supposed to unplug it, but there are times I'd like to shut it down while I do something else, but leave it ready to go.  Other than that, this iron's been fantastic after nearly a year of use. I highly recommend it!
 I do like this product.  It heats up quickly and presses clothing nicely.  The only downside is that the heat control is under the handle and my fingers sometimes moves it.  One trick I learned when filling the water give it like a minute to rest before you use it otherwise water will be all over your clothes.  I would buy this product again.
 This is my first time with this brand, I didn't know what to expect, I've had other expensive irons and they all seemed to be very heavy and not as user friendly.  This one puts out a large amount of steam, it allows you to get into tight places with it's pointed design and best of all the weight is about average.  One thing I noticed right off, the amount of steam coming out eliminated the need to press hard to get the wrinkles out.  I was ironing some linen and the wrinkles just disappeared as I was moving the iron.  I was so pleased I recommended it to a friend who irons everyday.
 This iron is lousy.  When trying to iron a queen size sheet set I have to continually wait for the iron to heat up.  It's auto-off feature works when it's not suppose to.  Also the spray mist button is in a horrible location as you constantly are pushing it when ironing therefore leaking drops all over the fabric.  I'm going to return this and try a different brand.  Extremely unhappy with the its quality!
 Wow, first iron we've bought in nearly 20 years so I researched heavily. This particular Rowenta struck a great balance between price, performance, complexity, and design. Lots of steam, so much so that even at middle setting, have to refill every three shirts but does it ever do a great job. I have ironed a dozen of my shirts and the results have been just wonderful. Did I mention, lots of steam? The 400 holes really spreads the steam out, no water spotting. The stainless steel sole plate is smooth and doesn't leave fabric shiny. It's quite weighty, good engineering, and comfortable in the hand. The pointy nose is fabulous for getting between buttons. And so high powered. Fast to get to temperature and almost no downtime after water refill. We are very pleased with this unit. Happy with the price and performance. Highly recommended.<br/><br/>Edit: After about a week of use, all continues to be well. I have experienced one thing worth noting. The space between the handle and the body, the hole where your fingers go, is a bit narrower than expected. Even though I have small hands, on a few occasions, reaching in to take a grip of the handle has resulted in my fingers accidentally nudging the temperature dial. If you're aware of this, then it is something you can deal with. For the large-handed, this could be a greater inconvenience.
 This started out a really good iron, but would often need to have the steam setting at full to get adequate level. After caring for the iron as described in the manual.  I added water and waited for it to heat up, only to find a large puddle of water on the floor below the board. I drained it and tried again the next day. It continues to leak out the bottom of the plate.<br/>I Do Not Recommend This Iron!
 I read a LOT of reviews of irons on Amazon, and thought I would take a chance on this one. Sure, the Rowenta DW5080 is a little bit heavier than my old, cheap iron, but I do not find it cumbersome or difficult to use. I make a lot of draperies, and I love that this iron has a large well for holding water and creates a lot of steam to take the wrinkles out of my fabrics.<br/><br/>My favorite feature of this iron is that it has so many holes to dispense fine-misting steam. Both the temperature and steam settings are rather easy to use, and the iron heats up very quickly.  The auto-off setting is great, and I love that it doesn't seem to go off too quickly, especially since I like to press, sew, then press in succession.<br/><br/>My only complaints about this iron would be these two:<br/>1. It does not have an on-off switch. I find this very odd, and dialing down the heat does not turn it off, just down. The iron must be unplugged to turn it completely off, and that is very inconvenient for me, but not a deal-breaker.<br/>2. When the iron's steam settings are set anywhere from medium to high, the iron has a tendency to spray a sudden and strong *WHOOSH* of steam when the iron is set upright. This seems extremely dangerous to me, as the steam is very forceful, and can spray out 3 to 4 feet. Lucky for me, I no longer have children or pets in my house, but if you do, BEWARE! If someone happens to be standing by when the iron is set upright, this feature could cause SERIOUS INJURY!! I hope the manufacturer fixes this feature soon.<br/><br/>Overall, if you can get past the negatives and use this iron with caution, you will love how well it presses and steams your fabrics.
 I am really surprised at how much nicer this iron is than my old one. I hesitated to buy this, thinking, "it's an iron - as long as it gets hot, I'm happy." I had doubts that a $50+ iron was really that much better than a $15 cheapie, but this was a Daily Deal and I needed an iron so I decided to give it a go. As soon as I pulled it out of the box I was impressed at the quality, it was SO much nicer than my old Sunbeam. Then I saw "Made in Germany" stamped on the side and it all made sense. The first time I used it I just could not believe how great it was, the sheer amount of steam it can produce is crazy. After a month of regular use, i can say without a doubt that i LOVE this iron. Wrinkles don't stand a chance against this baby. I will never buy another brand, Rowenta has made a believer out of me.
 First, as a iron, it works great. Steam is even and there's lots of it. Very well constructed.<br/><br/>Ergonomics! If you are a guy with big hands... Issues with the size and positioning of the temperature wheel. I am constantly bumping the wheel when i pick up or put down the iron. Many times changing the temperature.  Very annoying.<br/><br/>The cord is very short! Even when your plug is right next to the ironing board it restricts your movements.<br/><br/>There is NO place to conveniently wrap or store the cord. Really?!?  You can't even wrap it around the base because of the irons shape, the cord just slides right off. The entire shape of the iron provides no secure way to keep the cord.  Whoever designed this, obviously didn't test it out by using it.
 My wife has been a Rowenta fan since she bought her first iron from them about 20 years ago. This one represents the third Rowenta that we've owned, each of the previous two lasting about 10 years. I admit that I don't do much of the ironing in our household, so my experiences with the DW5080 is not exactly expert-class knowledge. But my wife has shown all the love one can possibly have for a household tool. She says that it's been great so far and hasn't shown any signs of premature wear or given clues as to possible defects Seems like a keeper to me.
 This is the 3rd Rowenta iron that I've owned over the years and there's a reason I keep coming back--awesome performance.  This iron is the best one yet at getting wrinkles out.  It's smooth and has a narrow tip to get in to small places.  It is a heavy iron so if you don't like weight, this is not for you.  It has an abundance of steam but I find myself refilling the water frequently.  The dial is dark and a little bit difficult to read the settings but overall this is an exceptional iron.
 I am writing this for my wife and she says that this iron is absolutely the best iron she has ever had.  She has been ironing for over 50 years.  She came from a family of 10 children and was the oldest daughter.  Did a lot of ironing for her self and her mother.  We raised 6 of our own and to this day as a quilt maker uses her iron daily.  I have to say it is the most expensive iron she has ever purchased.  You get what you pay for and in this case the iron is worth every cent!
 I have always wanted one of these irons but the price always made me say no. I finally took the plunge because the price was right and I am so happy with using this iron. It presses beyond belief - never had an iron that was so light and easy to use and did such a great job of pressing. I do quilts and cross-stitch and this iron has made working with these items so much easier. Buy one - it's well worth it. Should have gotten one years ago.
 Iron works great and I like it, but there are a couple of frustrating things about it that diminish its functionality, at least for me.  First, the water reservoir does not hold enough water.  During a steam ironing session I have to fill it up ten times and that is annoying.  I know the rate of water usage depends on the steam setting you choose, but it should last longer than two or three items.  Second, the space between the handle and the dial is too small.  It seems to have been designed for a child's hand.  I am a woman with average sized hands and when I use the iron my knuckles constantly bump the touchy dial and it spins to another setting (I am right-handed so nothing going on there).  I don't see how an average sized man could ever use this iron.  I have owned scores of irons of all brands and types during my lifetime and I have never had this problem before.  My conclusion is that between the small reservoir and the small gripping space this iron is simply too small overall.  I've used it for several months and like how it carries out its purpose, but the styling just doesn't work for me.  I would buy this brand and this iron again but only if Rowenta addresses the size issues.
 By far the best iron i purchased.  Read all the 5 star reviews because they are true.  The one start reviews I suspect are rare lemons or competitor purchasers masquerading as consumers.
 I am tired of purchasing an iron and it lasts a year so I carefully read each review on this iron and I ordered it.I also thought it had to be a good iron for the amount I paid for it. Today I used it for the second time and on the third piece, I noticed numerous drops of water on the piece. I thought I had it set wrong, but I didn't.  I noticed also when I was through ironing the section of the garment and I went to return it to its stand it sputtered and steamed excessively. I am returning this iron.
 Well made, and definitely a step up from regular irons. Steam works quite well and very good on smoothing out creases. Works nicely on common types of fabric. The one thing I like is that it has a bit of weight in it, which reminds me of the classic electric iron, or the charcoal fed iron. You do have to clean it every week, but it has an easy, although, not too hassle free self clean feature. Though I must say the self cleaning feature is an effective feature.
 I liked this iron because it heats up fast, it is relatively heavy, has good steam output, and it is easy to see the water level and refill. I do not like that it mists unexpectedly when my hand slides too far forward on the handle and activates the sprayer. I am also somewhat concerned about leaking, although after reading many reviews I decided that leaking is likely the result of using the iron before it is hot, and of not cleaning out mineral deposits regularly.  The instructions are VERY specific on these issues.  I am following the instructions carefully for this iron.  I did not do so for my previous Rowenta, and  did have problems with leaking.
 This is a good quality iron, no doubt. I had a problem with the steam water level constantly having to be refilled even while ironing one item. The water holder was too small for the way I iron, but might be fine for someone who doesn't need heavy use. After my return, I ordered the next upgraded rowenta iron with a bigger water hold. Though many reviews state it is heavy, I find it perfect for my heavy iron use. It is the blue model people talk about not being able to see the water line..I mean, it's not ideal in that it's darlin blue, but I am able to see the water line when I look closely. Overall, I am pleased with this brand
 I had one of these irons for five years and loved it. Due to my own clumsiness, I broke the dial off the front of it. I called customer service to find out about repair and the man I talked to said that the postage and the age of the iron might indicate that I should get a new one. He told me that he had just seen a reduced price on it on Amazon that morning. So, I bought a new one. I loved my experience with customer service and I loved the iron. I love this new one too, but it doesn't seem to steam quite as strongly as my old one. If I use my iron rest and keep it face down on the board, the steam is better. I still think this model is the best iron I've ever had.
 We love this iron.  I had a Rowenta previously for several years, so when we needed to replace it,  I purchased another one.  Unfortunately,  I purchased a "smart iron" that programs itself to the right temperature.  We hated it.  My husband went back to using an old Black &amp; Decker we had in storage.  I then purchased this one, and we are happy with it.  We like to be able to choose the temperature of the iron ourselves.  The only drawback is this one is a bit heavy, but otherwise it is great.
 Seriously, though, I am so glad I bought it.  It presses fast, and steams like a freight train from Hell (in a good way).  It feels like a quality appliance and works like one.  I especially appreciate the nose of the iron which gets in the tight spots without ruining crease lines.<br/><br/>The sole plate is sweet!  I am very impressed with the number of holes to deliver steam to my garments.<br/><br/>But, I have not said the thing I love best!  It uses tap water!!!  This, in my opinion, is the greatest thing ever!  I love being able to run it under the faucet to fill it up, iron a shirt, or two, steaming at will, and fill it up again!  It used to be that I viewed distiller water as akin to liquid gold and preserved it as such.  I would put the iron on low settings for steam, just so I didn't waste it.  Not any more!  I slide that switch over as far as I need to and let it puff away!<br/><br/>The temperature setting is good, too.  It might be nice if it was digital, but I don't know if that is worth it, or just one more thing to malfunction.  My old iron had this sliding lever that had tons of play, such that I would try to adjust it and it would never get where it wanted it to be.  It felt janky.  But, this one is a nice wheel that spins and ratchets firmly.  I like it.<br/><br/>Overall, this is a high quality iron and worth what I paid for it.  If you have to iron clothes and you value a well-made tool to accomplish your task, then buy this iron.
 This has to be the best iron I have ever used.  My shirts come out looking like they were professionally ironed.  The precision tip works well around buttons and collars.  There is a ton of steam that comes out of this thing, so I have to fill it up almost every time I iron.  This iron is much easier to fill than my previous irons.  The steam burst function works great and puts out a huge burst, so be careful to keep your hands away when you use that.
 Extremely disappointed when opening the shopping box I noticed the opened box with the cord of the iron unraveled— like it had been previously opened/used.  This was supposed to be a gift for my son.
 This iron actually has lasted than any other iron we've ever had-almost three years, a new record.But be careful, it spits boiling water when you first turn it on. If you let it sit for about a minute or two, it gradually calms down and then gets to work. Somewhat like my husband before his morning coffee.
 At first I hesitated about spending a bit more for an iron because it's not exactly an accessory that can be worn to impress. However, once this iron became a member of our household, the worries melted away! Although I'm always suspicious of so many good reviews, I'll have to add mine to the list because I've become a member of the Rowenta steam iron fan club. The number of steam holes does matter for a finished press that looks professional every time. Ironing has become a much more pleasurable experience because I don't have to go over-and-over areas to ensure that they're wrinkle free. This iron slides like butter for a one-slide and done finish, making ironing a less cumbersome task. This is a splurge you won't regret!
 For once other reviews were spot on. You won't be disappoint it. I use it about once or twice a week, light personal use. It heats up quickly and it  iron very well, no frustration. The steam is so strong I used it sometimes on hanged shirts, not even on a table. Highly Recommend. it I can't attest to how long it will last.
 I've only had a few irons in my life, but this one is the best.  It''s big and heats up fast, it's easy to fill with water and all the buttons are easy to use and understand.  The cord gets in the way like every other iron, but it's wrapped in a rubber sleeve at the iron-end and is easy to adjust so  it's not such a big deal.  After using it for six months it still  looks like new, and it still works like a charm.
 One of the best irons out there. Due to the many holes the steam is abundant and very even. Works great. Also the chrome sole is not so prone to get sticky stuff stuck on it. In my opinion better than the Teflon surfaces. For fast ironing more watt might be even better but as it is this iron is probably close to as good as possible. We had one almost exactly the same for over 10 year until I dropped it and broke the water tank. I am glad we found it again. I would buy it again in a heartbeat.
 This is the 3rd Rowenta Iron that I have owned.  The first one, I had for years and loved it.  I bought another one approximately 2 years ago.  It started leaking so I decided that I would go ahead and buy another one because I loved the first one so much.  Big mistake... I have had it 6 months, I don't iron that often and the iron keeps cutting off when I am ironing.  I called customer service.  After speaking for 30 seconds, they blamed me because I am wrapping the cord around the base to store.  I have done that my entire life.  So now, I have to send this to a repair center.  We will see.
 Normally it would take me 20 minutes to iron.  Yes it is true believe it or not it takes me 20 minutes to iron one shirt. But now it takes me 2 minutes to iron a shirt. Now you may not believe me when I say it used to take me 20 minutes, but you can use my timeline for your reference. So if it only took you 5 minutes with your iron before, then now with this iron it will take you 30 seconds. I had no idea More Steam holes meant easier ironing. Now it's one pass and the wrinkles are gone. Just one pass one time and that's it.
 I love this iron! One thing I like is how the plate is flat. When you press and hold for 8 or 10 seconds in each spot there aren't grooves pressed in like with irons having a groove on the plate. There are also several settings for the amount of steam, which I also like. I have not experienced any of the leaking issues that some have complained about. Because of that feedback, though, I did purchase the 3-year Square Trade plan just in case.
 This is my second one of these irons. Our use my first for about six years and then dropped it a couple of times and started not being consistent and when it would work. However it works so well for any clothing that I had another one. Tons of steam fast to heat up And great at taking out wrinkles.<br/><br/>This iron is expensive but well worth it because it’s so much faster to use them other less expensive ones
 I paid ninety.bucks for this iron, wanting to get a good one that would get hot, not drip and last a lifetime.  This one started acting up within months, turning its heat on and off—even though the light was still on—so that with no warning it would go cold, gush water instead of steam and flood my ironing board.  Last time I’ll ante up for a Rowena.
 It was a sad, sad day when an unfortunate event involving a teetering ironing board and a curious kitten caused the recent death of my five-year-old Rowenta. It was tossed to the floor in such a way that most of the plastic components broke to pieces.<br/><br/>It goes without saying that I would only replace a Rowenta with another one. Have never used a better iron.
 I know it’s pricey, but it’s worth for every penny. I had tried Jiffy steamer, but it didn’t do a thing for me. This is the best iron I ever had.<br/>You need to study the instruction though.<br/>I set up my iron to “ auto steam and linen” for my cotton shirts. It works like magic.
 Purchased a year ago, it had occasional leakage despite non leak feature and self clean so no vent blockage. Overall ironed well but before year up, problem with heating past just being warm enough to still touch sole plate, even if dial full up to linen/highest steam setting. I did not purchase extra warranty, so having to order a new iron. This one was not the quality of past Rowenta iron. I am replacing with highest model and buying 3 year protection plan. Hoping the new higher model Rowenta will perform consistently well but very disappointed in the lower priced model.
 We had a Rowena for seven years and loved it. There were definitely irons, and then Rowena Irons. Completely different levels. When we ordered this one we had high hopes. It did not heat up past warm. We tried everything. We I called and told the Customer Service Rep about it, she didn't question me whatsoever and said they would send me a new one. I loved how great she was and how willing she was to make sure we were pleased. I also was wondering why she didn't ask any more questions and just said she would replace it right away. I am hoping it wasn't because they are having problems with this model.<br/><br/>We got our second one after what previously occurred, and it has been great. It has met our expectations of a Rowenta.
 Great iron except for one annoying feature. This Rowenta requires you to unplug the iron from the wall after each use.  If you don't, a red light on the handle will flash even when the iron is turned off and cold.  It will flash day and night until someone unplugs the iron. Terribly annoying.  We leave our ironing board up full time in the laundry room.  It is a pain to have to bend down under the ironing board to unplug the iron.  Only to have to plug it back in the next morning.  The first iron we have ever owned with this annoying feature. I solved the problem though. I bought a JTD Wireless Remote Control Electric Outlet Switch. ($11.95 on Amazon.)  It plugs into the electrical outlet and the iron plugs into it. I keep the small remote control next to the ironing board.  When I am done ironing, I just push the "Off" button and the outlet switch turns off.  No more annoying flashing red light. In the morning I just push the "On" button.  Works like a charm.  For those of you who must put your iron and ironing board away after each use, this annoying feature will never become apparent.  5 stars for you folks.
 Oh my, what a GREAT iron.... It has such steaming power, lightweight, easy to clean,<br/>easy to use, nice pointed piece to reach hard to reach sections of clothes....You will love it!
 I got this iron several years ago after reading many Amazon reviews. I'm old, and I'd always bought cheap irons before even though I iron a lot.  This is a whole different experience.  You can get so much steam out of it that the most difficult fabrics (like untreated linen) are easy to get smooth.  It glides easily, it doesn't spit, and there's a cleaning feature that gets out the minerals. It's quite a bit heavier than the irons I was used to, but that feels good, like it's a real iron instead of a cheap imitation.  It uses a lot of water, but I'd call that a plus -- it means the volume of steam is enormous, especially when you use the extra steam button a lot as I do.  It's held up great without any problems. I don't usually get attached to my appliances, but this is a beautiful, well-designed thing that I  appreciate every time I use it.  One warning: I haven't checked lately, but when I was researching this some reviews said it was made in both Germany and China and you should get one that's made in Germany.  That's what I did.
 I have had many off the shelf and regular store irons and finally decided that I wanted to buy ONE more iron and not ever have to think about irons again. So I splurged and bought this Rowenta.  I am glad I did.  Out of the box it looks and feels like it's a much better iron than any of the others.  While ironing it has a good heft and smoothness.  I really like the pointed tip and the steam option.  I would buy this again.
 I only been using this iron for a few weeks, but I have not experience any of the issues of leaking reported in other reviews.  This is my second Rowenta iron.  I had the prior iron for 8 years, but I experienced a short in the cord where it connects to the iron.  In fact it caught fire while I was ironing!! I do not fault the product for my experience.  Honestly, I should have stopped using the iron when the protective wrapping unraveled.<br/><br/>As stated in other reviews, the white temperature selection options are difficult to read, and I have to refill the water reservoir almost every time I iron.  But with 400 holes for steam ironing, I am not surprised.  This iron delivers nice results fast.
 What a great purchase! After realizing I had a collection of 3 non-working or just barely working irons, I decided to invest a bit more money and buy this Rowenta. It's such a difference in both time savings and the quality of the iron. While it is a little bit more on the heavy side, you're not running a marathon with this iron in your hand. It heats up quick, has the auto shut off function (which is a lifesaver, I can't count how many times I've walked away from ironing for hours at a time). The steam feature is fantastic! Just remember to have plenty of water in the unit for best results.<br/>The sharp tip helps get in between spots so you're not trying to play out tetris in your mind of ironing that ONE spot and how to go about doing it.<br/>I highly recommend this if you're looking for a really great quality iron. But if you're meh about it, stick to cheaper ones.
 I've bought Rowenta steam irons in the past so I'm familiar with the performance and quality associated with the brand. I had to replace the one I had after about 3 years, it was beginning to drip and spit water while ironing as well as have temperature variations. This 1700 does nothing to damper my enthusiasm for this brand. The steam output on this unit is amazing. The iron glides over clothing seamlessly and the perfectly designed nose fits in between the buttons deftly. I hate to iron but when I do it I like to have the proper tools to get it done quickly and efficiently and this iron delivers on both accounts.
 I replaced a previous 20 year old Rowenta that finally died. This new one is okay, not as nice as the one it replaced. I don't think it heats up high enough, though it still does a proper press job on all of my clothing. Most of my clothing is cotton. I do like the pointed end which makes getting into corners and in between buttons easier. Some people have complained about the amount of space under the handle causing them to turn the heat dial accidentally. I have not found that to be a problem and my hands are not small. Steve didn't write this, his wife did.
 I like it it’s make it easier and quicker.  But i realize couple days after I bought they drop it to half price . Not fair .
 After using this iron just a few times, I love it, I noticed a comment about it being heavy, whilst it may be heavier than some I don't find it heavy.  With the amount of steam it does a great job removing the creases and wrinkles quickly and with ease.  I noticed that I got thru a basketful of ironing much quicker than the amount of time it would normally take me.  It is easy to fill, I don't  have any problems filling the water tank and like the fact that it has a plug sealing the area when you shut the cover, no leaks or drips.  I can see why this has been a popular choice as it is not only appealing in color and size but it does a great job.
 before the company realizes how wonderful it is and raises the price!  I'm so impressed with this iron. I wanted to purchase one similar to this but it was $450!  This steam iron is amazing and a fraction of the cost.  The steam does an incredible job.  I iron Sarees that are silk and cotton and it can be very difficult with regular irons but this iron made it so easy.  The settings are also very convenient.  It is solid in my hand and easy to maneuver.  absolutely recommend!
 Had an old iron, it was time to get a new one. I read all the reviews there are on several different websites and this one got the best reviews by far. My husband has these shirts he has to wear for work, which are 100% cotton and a huge PITA to iron all the wrinkles out of them. This iron definitely makes it easier! His shirts have never been smoother!<br/>If this review has helped you in any way, please click the YES button. Thank you.
 Does it make ironing fun? Nope. But, it makes it easier. The extra weight and an insane steam output makes ironing a breeze. This knocks out wrinkles and creases several times faster than the Black &amp; Decker unit it replaced. If there's one drawback, it's the frequency you'll be refilling the water reservoir but it's not like it can't make it through a few shirts. A nice touch is the pivoting power cord connection which prevents coiling and twists fairly well.<br/><br/>If you iron a couple times a month, I can see balking at spending this much on an iron. If you're ironing clothes a few times a week, the extra dollars are well spent on a very solid piece of equipment.
 This is without question the best iron I have ever used. I have been ironing my shirts and pants for over 30 years, and I haven't had a iron that is as easy to use ever. I thought the "pointed" tip was just a marketing tool for Rowenta, but it turned out to be quite useful for those hard to get places around the collars and button plackets. The sole of the iron is so smooth it seems to glide over the fabric, and the steaming is excellent. All told, I am very, very pleased.
 This is the Cadillac of irons! At first, it feels heavy and large.  And it is.  But it tackles wrinkles like they are nothing!  No wrinkle stands a chance when it's steaming its way over your clothes!  Fantastic, high quality, iron.  I love the cap over the water reservoir so it does not leak all over your clothes -- that's great design!!  And the steam is SUPER powerful coming out.  Have had it for quite a while now (maybe a year) and so far no dirty leaking onto my clothes.Definitely recommend. If you love ironing and need to have nicely pressed clothes, linens, etc., don't go on the cheap with an iron ... get a good one!  And this is it.
 Absolutely the best iron I have ever used. Finally my slacks and jeans have the perfect seam and a seam that lasts!  I have 3 irons ready for charity pickup this weekend.  The design is extremely well thought out. A little on the heavy side but after a while it's not even noticeable. The steam settings are perfect and I love the way the cord never touches the face-plate. I'm buying another for our other property and the iron I have there is also going. I'm looking for things to iron.
 What can i say, this is a GOOD IRON. I iron a LOT and its not only a pleasure but it does get the job done very well. The only minor complaint is the wheel under the handle, which i always hit and turn when i put down and pick up the iron, however almost all irons have this. Oh well, still a superb product. I iron mostly shirts and woolen slacks, almost daily.
 Bought this in October 2017 and LOVED it until it last week when it started leaking a ton and even when on a lower setting, is getting so hot that it MELTED my serger thread when I ironed open a seam.  I am baffled!  It's still covered by warranty, but to have it serviced in the US, I'll have to pay for shipping to NJ and then who knows what comes next.  Such a disappointment.
 the iron I purchased was wonderful at first... but now it is leaking -- water pours out of it.  I thought maybe I overfilled it. but no... it pours out even when I fill it up half way. very frustrating.
 I am reviewing this 2 years AFTER I bought it and I STILL love it! I have never had an issue with build up on the iron, I got it for cheaper than in brick and mortar stores and even all my guests who have stayed at my house and asked me where I got my iron, love it. I kept the box for the first couple months just in case something went wrong with it, but I have not had one problem. I absolutely love this Iron!
 A great iron so far. Quick heat up and this thing really puts out some steam!  Wrinkles are quickly gone and the narrow point gets into tight spots easily. The comments about the temperature dial are correct. You can change the setting when you place your hand inside the handle to use the iron. Just have to be aware of this and if you do change the setting there is a noticeable clicking when the dial moves.
 This is an amazing iron. I had been using an old one for way too long. The steam function is great. The iron glides over the material. My old iron would stick and burn the clothes. My only negative and it’s not too bad is that is a heavy iron. Still highly recommend it and very happy with my purchase.
 So far, I love this iron. It heats quickly, produces lots of steam, has a good-sized water reservoir that is easy to fill, and easy-to-reach controls. It is a big iron, but glides so smoothly that it doesn't feel heavy or unwieldy. I love the narrow tip for getting between buttons on shirts. It made quick work of interfacing a lot of knits for a t-shirt quilt, and smoothed out yards of cotton fabric that came out of the dryer twisted up like Twizzlers candy. It doesn't leak water, even with the top to the reservoir left open. It's stable when vertical, and while I personally hate the auto-shutoff when sewing, I know it's there for safety reasons and it works well.
 After just two years, this iron is leaking like crazy.  Wet spots are all over my ironing board and clothes. This is unacceptable in an iron that is supposed to be of such high quality. I wish I could return it. Is there an iron out there that doesn’t leak and does a decent job getting the wrinkles out?
 My wife likes to press clothes.  Kinda therapeutic.  We are both professionals, so a few less wrinkles in our clothes makes us feel better.  The old iron was a work horse, but it my wife had commented that she would like to get a Rowenta someday.  She had heard that they were better.  Gifts of labor for birthdays and holidays are a "No No" in our house.  So this was bought by me as a surprise gift, a gift she wished she had.  Well it lived up to my Wife's expectations'.  The multiple steam holes, the balance, the feel, the shape, all these make it a great experience.  It seems hard to rave about an iron, but this was definitely a step up and worth the investment.
 Worked for 5+ Year...Been Leaking for the last year or so.  I love this iron.  The stainless sole plate means that I don't have to worry about scratching the teflon surface.  It's worked well but started leaking at the base just as other reviewers have mentioned.  I would think that Rowenta could solve this issue given it's been going on for years.
 I have always gone to Goodwill for irons, but I am so thankful I took the plunge on this iron!  The 400 micro holes make ironing a snap.  I was afraid the auto-off option would detract from its usefulness, as I usually did something else while the iron warmed up, and I could forget about it, then return to a cold iron.  This iron heats up almost instantly so I don't have to do something else and worry about coming back to a cold iron.  The self-clean is simple and will keep it working.  The spout for water is convenient.  I did have the dial panel fall off once, but I pressed it back on, and there has been no sign of further trouble-- maybe I shouldn't store the cord in the handhold area though.  Overall, I am pleased as pie with this iron.
 Love my iron. It’s more for steam ironing. It really doesn’t get real hot as otherwise expected.
 I iron my clothing almost daily and this works really well.  Great steam, easy functions, no problems after my first few months using it.
 I grew up on my mom's Sunbeam irons with the non stick surface and thought that's just how Irons were. I got a great deal on this Rowenta 5080 from Warehouse Deals and I am amazed at how much having a nice Iron makes a difference in ironing my shirts. The vertical steam is great and will be tossing my spurting handheld steamer. And the steel iron plate is soooo smooth. My life has changed.
 I am very hard on irons and the Rowenta Brand is the only Brand that can stand up to me.  I love this iron...everything at my fingertips, smooth glide, lots of steam.  I am known for knocking my iron over and this one stands its' ground...lol.  It's my third iron of my life and I'm old.  The others wore out because I dropped them (many, many, many times or caught them by the cord...not good) and/or didn't clean them per instructions (my bad).  Rowenta's are the best irons around!
 After only five months, water started occasionally leaking from the bottom of the iron. I didn't worry too much then, but now eight months after purchase water will randomly come pouring out from where the power cord enters the iron! It has a one year warranty so I'm going to try to get it replaced, but I won't buy another one.
 The steam from this iron is the strongest of any iron I have used so far. It has plenty of power and heats up very quickly. The surface of the hot plate is polished and makes ironing a breeze. The calcium trap is a great feature, no white stains on the clothes. I highly recommend this steam iron.
 Works great, does not last long. Stopped working after 3 years. I usually don't write reviews but doing this as a public service announcement. Don't waste your money on a Rowenta. Look elsewhere. If you like changing your iron out every 1 to 3 years, this iron is made with you in mind. If you like something that will last you a lifetime, looks elsewhere. This was my first and last Rowenta. Many people have had the same issue with longevity.
 This iron is what is missing in your life. It glides so smooth, gets hot enough to expedite the ironing process and steams very well. It's pricey but it makes ironing much more enjoyable and like 40% faster. The shape makes it easy to iron along seams and it's really not as heavy as I thought it would be. It almost feels like it's self gliding, seriously.  This is the Dyson of irons, and once you switch you'll never go back to the cheaper excuses for irons--promise. Honestly I don't know how I made it to 30 before this iron came into my life.
 I am disappointed in the Rowenta brand.  I had a Rowenta Iron for many years.  I was so pleased  I went back to Rowenta for a replacement.  I was very disappointed when my new Iron bit- the- dust while I was in the middle of ironing my husbands shirt.
 I really expected a lot out of this iron, particularly for the price. The reviews were great. The iron itself is nice but it stopped heating after I owned it for about 9 months (even though I owned it for about 9 months, I used it probably 6 or so times, so it didn't get a lot of use). It just stopped heating... Returned it.
 I have purchased and returned this iron at least four times, AND IT STILL LEAKS!!  The most recent one leaks more than ever!!  And now it's been too long, and I can't return it any more.  I used to swear by the Rowenta irons......and only order them!  But NO MORE!!  I shall never purchase them again.  They are not the quality they used to be.
 I purchased this as a gift for my wife, per her new iron request. My wife has informed me this is the best iron she has ever owned. Although a little on the heavy side, it operates very smoothly and allows the user to adjust the temperatures as necessary. It can be operated with or without steam. My wife stated for someone that irons everyday this is the iron to own. I/we recommend it.
 Great iron and a great price, too! My old iron died and I had to find a replacement quickly. Fortunately, I have Amazon Prime so I got this iron in 2 days + free shipping--can't beat that! I like an iron with lots of steam, and this one definitely fits that! Not too heavy and glides across the clothes with ease.<br/>This is the best iron I've had. It steams very well and evenly and does the burst steam with absolutely no drips. Plus, the steam selector moves accurately and easily but tight enough to stay in place. Plus, this thing holds over a cup of water so one fill-up gets me through a lot of shirts.<br/>It heats up very quickly<br/>This iron is STEADY on the board. Its weight and the design of the bottom keep it from wobbling every time I put it down to re-position clothes.
 I've only had it a couple of days but so far, I LOVE it.  I know, I hear it could leak at some point.  If you read reviews, you will find that all steam irons leak from time to time.  You have to follow the instructions, exactly, to keep that to a minimum.  That said, I'll update if I have issues in the future.  I had my other Rowenta Iron for over 20 years.  I'm hoping this "made in Germany" model gives me many years of use.
 I received the item on time; however the item does not appear to be new. The package was open and the item not in its original packing. This is very disappointing as I ordered a new iron, and paid for one. I shall be returning this item
 I have become a different man since the moment I unboxed this iron. From the moment I placed my hand on it, I could feel the quality. Like a hammer forged by dwarves, this refined ironing tool has become a part of me. I can feel the muscles in my arms become active the moment that iron is plugged in, anticipating the battle against the wrinkles. Wielding this vessel, with starch at my side, I am THE IRON.
 A heavy drinker, this one, as it puts out so much steam.  This is one fine piece of equipment that irons my clothes even faster than my old Rowenta that I mourned so after it hit the tile floor and cracked  after many years of service that I considered burying it with a headstone in the back yard. I rather like the Zen of ironing, my Sunday afternoon routine.  The DW5080 and I had I nice afternoon while we watched Netflix together..  She's so fast I barely got through a documentary.
 This is a great-performing iron.  It has incredible steam power and makes a breeze of touch-up ironing, or ironing with sewing needs.  My only objections are that it's very difficult to see how much water you're putting into the iron because the marks don't show well on the tan plastic.  It also uses a lot of water, obviously because it produces so much steam.  Since it's plain tap water, that's not a particular problem to me.  I would definitely buy it again.
 Read the instruction manual (don't leave water in it, empty it after each use). This is a significant upgrade over the 10+ year old Rowenta that my wife and I had been using since I was in the military. This iron is flat out awesome. Very high quality, good weight and features. If you're older and have arthritis you may want to find a lighter model, but this iron really is excellent across all types of clothing. Very impressed.
 Hello I was so excited when I received this iron because it seemed solid and was amazing,. However, sad to say in less than a year, I bought this in Aug 2017, after about 8 months of use, the iron stopped working and I had to dig up my $15 iron that still works as an emergency,<br/>I would like to know what the policy is for return as this is less than a year.<br/>Thank you.
 I had to buy this ROWENTA because it the only brand I have used in the last 5 years. This is a replacement for my first one. Didn't want to play trying to fix it so I just order another one, just the same one since it lasted 4 years ironing clothes every day for 4 years
 Great iron! Arrived on time, you can see the water level, I like where the steam buttons are on the handle and the settings are good.  The only concern is while ironing it is easy to accidentally hit the settings knob and change the setting.  As long as you are aware of this it shouldn't be a huge issue.  It irons well.
 Attention much research I bought this iron a little over a year ago. This is my second Rowanda iron so it’s on me that after not having good results with the first one, I still bought a second Rowanda. 2 different models and both were great for 7-8 months, then constant leaking, not getting steam after ironing 2-3 items. I’ve learned my lesson, a little late for sure, I’ll never buy a Rowanda again. I’m going cheap this time. If the iron fails after a year, I won’t feel too bad!
 I bought this and loved it for the first two years. Then it began spitting water and staining clothes. It just now began what appears to be the "Rowenta base water leak" where water comes pouring out the bottom of the base next to the POWER CORD. Rowenta's site instructs you to take it into a repair center... closest one is more than 5 hours away. Buyer beware.
 Worked great for a year and a half and then started leaking!  So disappointing!  Is it my individual iron or all of the irons with this model number?  It is used daily, and I thought it would last many years.
 Exceptional Iron - I am a research fanatic and found that this iron was highly rated on almost every site. Don't let the price tag scare you - Amazon offered this at a great value for the outstanding build and performance. It is easy to fill - no leaking &amp; incredible steam power. This is a little heavier than my previous irons and I appreciate that as it makes ironing glide with precision and saves time. Highly recommend.
 This is a very low quality iron for the hefty price. At the highest temperature it does not remove wrinkles. I wasted my money.
 I travel five days a week and have used every hotel iron brand under the sun, everything from the cheapest Proctor Silex to the newest Phillips iron.  I can say confidently that this Rowenta iron is the finest I have ever used, from the German craftsmanship and design, the way it feels when you pick it us, to the heft of a quality product, to the consistent results I get.  Really do not have to look any further.
 My old Rowenta lasted 15 years and it finally died.  Had such good luck with the last one figured it was worth the money.  I can tell you if you use another iron you are a fool!  I have to where pressed shirts for work and iron everyday.  This iron is not only the best iron I've ever used but I really don't see how it could work any better if you spent twice as much.  I saw people complaining about water leaks, etc. No problems here I would higly recommend this product.
 I had a Rowenta for 20 years.  When it finally died, I decided to pickup another Rowenta.  The last one was over $100 but as far as performance goes, this cheaper model actually performs better than my old one.  The amount of steam that this iron produces is unbelievable.  The down side is one fill only last a few pieces if you leave the steam setting on.  I don't mind the constant refill as the clothes come out very nice.  I highly recommend it.
 Good weight/heft. Felt good in the hand and slides over material nicely. A very nice volume of steam. Steam button easy to press with the thumb. Water tank is small and you will have to refill after a couple of shirts or a shirt and pants.<br/>My biggest gripe is that the iron started to leak like a sieve after 2 years, just out of warranty. Not a couple of drops but a puddle around the base of the iron. I tried to self clean and troubleshoot as recommended online with no luck. A great disposable iron, if that is what you are looking for. I would not buy again.
 My family has been a Rowenta fan since early 1980s. My last one broke without much use. It irons the clothes very well. Only gripe is the quality and maybe reliability. Some of these electronics dont last as long as they should anymore. Hope this is reliable.
 Yeah, this iron is pretty BA.  When you want it to push out steam, it pushes out steam.  It is also good-sized which helps you iron a lot faster.  Both my wife and I hate ironing, and honestly, we still do, but even she made a comment that this iron was the best one she has ever used before.  It heats up quickly and has an auto shutoff, which is nice.  I also like the pointed tip that easily allows me to iron around buttons.  I still hate ironing, I just don't hate it quite as much.
 The weight of this iron is hefty and to me that's good. It has great steam and goes through water very rapidly because I keep the steam setting on the whole time I'm ironing.  Filling the iron with water every little bit is only a minor inconvenience. Thus far I have not experienced any leakage. It heats quickly and when the auto shut off kicks in it only takes seconds to reheat.
 The best iron I have ever had. Love the shape (gets into all the crannies) and the steam function really works! I iron clothes in half the time. The best part is that I don't have to use filtered water. Love it!
 This is the most awesome iron I've ever used!!<br/>The steam feature is super! I use it to iron while sewing.. I'm addicted to the ease of using this iron...BUY it, you'll never regret it!!
 We had this for half year. Now it leaks too much to be usable. Do not buy.
 I love this iron. Didn’t realize how my other one didn’t heat up as much or ironed smoothly any more. My old one was also a Rowena make bought from Joann’s 20 years ago. If this one last half as long I will be very happy.
 This iron looks very nice and powerful, and it glides very nicely. The first one usually gave no steam on the low steam setting, and intermittently gave excessive steam (full tank empty on two shirts) on medium steam setting. It also remained warm on auto shut-off (8 hours later). I thought that this was a "lemon" and returned it for replacement.<br/>The second one has similar unacceptable steam problems and is being returned for refund. I will never purchase another Rowenta product.
 Awesome iron! Never thought I would get excited about an iron but this iron is amazing! You don’t have to keep going over the wrinkles 1 or 2 passes and the wrinkles are gone. I thought it was kind of expensive for an iron but you definitely get what you pay for. It’s also a steamer.
 So very disappointed.  I originally gave this iron a 5 star rating because worked great for while.  Hasn't been a full year yet and its dead.  Water is pouring out of the bottom.  I used to be a die hard Rowenta user but no more.  In the past, my Rowenta iron lasted 7+ years so I was willing to pay the price (not a cheap iron).  The quality is just not the same as it used to be.  Looking for a new brand of iron.
 I have owned this iron for just over two years now. I find it annoying that it shuts off after a time and shuts completely off after 8 minutes.I wish it did not shut off automatically.  I sew and have to leave and go back and forth sewing and pressing. There have been times when after 8 minutes it shuts off and I can't get it to come back on. Today I tried to plug it in and it just won't turn on. I think it has died. Two years, in my opinion, is not a great life span. I'm not sure that I would purchase this iron again.
 This thing is garbage. Only had it for 9 months and it’s BROKEN. The “protection plan” Amazon sold me is also garbage because they won’t do anything since I’m within 1 year of purchase even though Rowenta’s customer service is TRASH. Also the steam function is not good compared to other similar priced irons.
 When ironing, you need the right tool for the right job. This thing mows through wrinkles my old Black and Decker struggled. This Rowenta replaced my Walmart Special as part of my ironing overhaul, I can now iron in half the time.  A bit costly, but it like getting an Audi vs KIA. Sometime you just have to pay for luxury items.
 Used it  and so far it's like driving a luxuary car.  Reliable, easy to use, classy.
 It leaks. It doesn't matter what they say and what type of water we used. It leaks all the time, everywhere. Leave it vertical to cool down and come over to find it in a big puddle. Constant drips all over during ironing. Two shelfes and quite a few clothes permanently damaged due to this iron leaking. This is second Rowenta iron in 5 years, they look cool and seem like obvious choice at the time of buying...<br/>Tired &amp; disappointed, will try different brand now.
 I'm very happy with this new iron.  There are many more steam holes on the plate than with my dearly departed  20-year-old Rowenta (RIP).  I plowed through my mountain of ironing in 3 days (not kidding - it was 3 feet high!). It makes abundant steam, and I haven't had to use spray starch to get a crisp press on cotton button-down shirts.  I appreciate the ability to control not only the amount of steam but also the setting for different fabrics.  The water reservoir holds about a cup of tap water, and on full steam ahead, it goes through the whole tank in about 2 - 3 men's oxford shirts. The water level is easy to monitor from either side (right or left) through the light brown window under the handle, and the refilling hole is well-designed so that water flows in smoothly and continuously through the pour.  I thought that its exaggerated design might make it top heavy and dangerous when resting on its end, but it is quite stable - even when I accidentally bumped into the board trying to sit back down. Its angularity may have contributed to tearing a hole in my new padded board cover, but I think that it's because the cover fabric is so thin I can actually see the color of my fingertips through it.  The cover's going back, but I'm going to be cherishing the new iron - hopefully for the next 20 years.
 This Rowenta DW7180 Everlast is replacing a 12-year old Rowenta Focus that began dripping when at hottest temp.  This new iron is really something - great tapered "nose," large water reservoir, super shiny &amp; slick bottom plate.  I hope it will last many years.
 Love this iron.  It seems to eliminate wrinkles much better than my old one that just stopped working.  It is the same brand, but this one has many, many more steam outlets than my older one.  I like the pointed tip also.  It allows me to get into tight places.  Ironing hasn't changed much in all the years I've been at it (and that's a lot of years!) so I find it hard to get too excited about any iron.  However, this is a good one for the task.
 This is a powerful iron and it generates a lot of steam. I have used it on a wide variety of clothing over the past several weeks and have been very pleased with the results. A bit more money than some of the lower wattage units, but I tried a couple of them prior to buying this and ended up returning them as they couldn't generate much steam.
 After my old Rowenta began to look weathered, I started looking for a new iron.  I love the pointing tip, which allows you to go around buttons, near the collar, plus the tip has steam vents so you just can't go wrong.  This is another great product from Rowenta.
 My wife has told me that this is much lighter then our last Rowenta, which died after 3 years of heavy use. Given the price of a new one, it was not worth repairing the old one. My wife also told me that the heat is much stronger. For the price, it is a great deal!.
 I had my old Sunbeam iron for about 43 years. It was so old it even had a cloth cord. I had heard so many people complain about irons they've bought, I just kept holding on to it. I saw Rowenta irons on QVC a number of years ago and promised myself that when I finally bought a new iron that it would be a Rowenta. I carefully read a lot of reviews on Amazon and realized that some Rowenta irons are made in Germany and some in China. I made sure I bought one still made in Germany. I've been using this iron for several weeks now, and I just love it. It's bulkier than my old iron but that doesn't seem to be a problem. I highly recommend this particular iron.
 probably the best iron avail. The only problem I had is when the old Rowenta was sent back for repairs the cost was more then a new iron of the same model. Then you're told for extra money they will return your old iron unrepaired so the repair company gets a free iron for parts. Who's going to pay for an unrepaired item. So you have to pay to ship it for service and they get to keep it.
 I've had this iron only a short time ( about1 month).  The steam energy is impressive; ironing does seem to be a little less labor intensive.  The "German engineering" was the deciding factor regarding my purchase so I do hope it lasts longer than three years--the life span of my previous iron (not a Rowenta) that was actually more expensive.
 It has more bells, whistles and settings than I need, but the bottom line is that I can iron my shirts and pants in half the time it took with my previous iron (don't remember the brand, but it was not an expensive iron).  The heat from the plate seems to be very even, and I think this has made the ironing easier.  A slight criticism/suggestion-- I wish that the large dial which controls the settings (cotton/wool/silk etc.) didn't move so easily.  Sometimes I move it while ironing, so periodically I have to check and move the dial back. However, this is a minor issue and does not detract from my overall satisfaction with the product.
 Doesn’t get hot enough to iron properly.
 I have owned a Digital Advantage for quite a few years and thought it wasn't ironing as well as I would like.  The Rowenta irons seem to get good reviews.  I've taken up quilting and many of the quilters use Rowenta irons on the quilt sites I've gone to.  Well, I like the new Rowenta iron but it's not as good as I thought it would be.  The water tank is not the most convenient to fill and it doesn't seem to heat up as fast I think it should.  It is rather heavy, which for an iron is not a bad thing.  It seems like a good enough iron but only time will tell.  Amazon did have the best price and I do appreciate their speedy and reliable delivery.
 I love this iron. I have had it for a while now. It has  a good steam setting.  I deducted a star because it you don't use distilled water the lime causes stains ocassionally if it has been sitting a few days as well as the steam setting clogging up..  It is my fault though that I don't empty it every time.  Also, the water runs out quickly if you are using the steam setting.  Does a great job ironing, though.
 Great price and fast delivery.  This purchase was to replace the same model which wore out due to age and use.  I hope this is as good as the first.
 I replaced my 13 year old Rowenta with this one after reading the reviews. Wow! I just used it and I’m blown away. The settings are accurate so you have the perfect heat/steam for the fabric. No drips at all. Worth every penny. Buy this, you won’t regret it!
 Quality iron. This is the fourth Rowenta I have purchased (in different models) and this one is kept at work.  All models have been great. Easy to fill.
 Replaced a very old Rowena with this model and discovered the new iron smooths away wrinkles a whole lot faster than the old one.  (That comparison holds true even before the old iron crashed to the floor when the old ironing board broke a plastic hinge and suddenly listed sideways.) A powerful puff of steam comes out when the steam button is pushed and a plentiful fine spray of water comes out when the spray button is pushed.  I like it.
 I hesitated at first because of the price, but this is certainly a case of you get what you pay for.  No leaking, and the multitude of steam holes makes ironing so much easier, plus being able to use tap water is a big plus.  The narrow tip makes ironing around buttons a breeze.  Highly recommend this iron for anyone who is serious about ironing.
 I will never own another variety of iron.  There is such a world of difference between this and cheaper irons.  The number of holes means that you're going to get a lot of steam onto the garment, and the precision tip makes getting seams and darts a breeze.  It also heats up very quickly, and it seems like I never have to refill the water tank.
 Fantastic. This thing is very powerful. The amount of steam it puts out is impressive. The vertical steam feature is nice, too. Its so powerful, I have to put it on its own outlet, or it pops my circuit breaker! Its fairly heavy, too--but I think thats a good thing with an iron. A must if you sew
 Truly as good as the rest of the reviews claim. The steam feature is awesome-- great for suit jackets or other fine wools that would shine up by pressing. It's a full force steam that never seems to lose power. I keep it plugged in by my closet and use it to freshen up my outfits almost every morning.<br/><br/>I read one review by someone who claimed they were so totally petite that this heavy iron was ruled unfunctional. Well, I weigh 105 and am 5'1", and I have more than enough strength to iron my clothes. Don't be put off by that-- it's really no heavier than my last $30 iron was.
 We bought this iron after taking it for a "test drive" visiting my mom's house while on vacation. We had been using low-end irons ($20-$30 models) for years and never really thought much of it because it got the job done. But I was wrong...oh so wrong. Upon using the Rowenta Focus our eyes were opened to a new world of ironing and the joy it could bring (well, that may be stretching it a bit). The Focus glides over our clothing like nothing we have experienced before and the wrinkles actually FLATTEN out with only one pass. It is amazing. My ironing time is cut in half (or more) and my husband actually LIKES to iron now. I highly recommend this product.
 I am so upset, I bought this on January 25, 2017 and today is October 31, 2017 and my iron DIED!!. I didn't take out an extended warranty as Rowenta has a great reputation.. Shame on me. This is unacceptable as I have had cheaper irons that lasted years and I wouldn;t mind but I babied this and emptied the water out after every use.
 Checked a lot of reviews before deciding on this one.  No issues with the purchase.  The iron works great.  A lot of steam without dripping.  I liked the manual temp setting.  Glides across clothing no problem.  My wife likes the weight and look as well.
 Iron is heavy. I have used it for a month (iron a shirt everyday) now and its a quality iron. I like the steam button where you can get a shot of steam whenever I want. It slides smooth on the shirts. would recommend
 This is my third rowenta.  I’m a grandmother who spend quite a lot of time ironing as a side effect of sewing.  Will never use anything else!
 The amount of steam is unbelievable or if you want less, there's an adjustment for steam that works great. I love how fast it gets hot; I'm always trying to iron something last minute and don't have time to wait around for the iron to get hot. My old iron drove me nuts leaking and spitting water but I haven't had any problems like that with this iron. I've had it for about six months and it's still working like new.
 I really like this iron. I had an old rowenta and liked it, but this one is really improved.  The only thing I have a problem with is it has be refilled before I am done with my ironing, but it has so many more holes for steam.  This is a minor problem.  Love it.
 Let me start by saying that I like Rowenta irons.  This is my third one.  After living in Germany and enjoying a wonderful steam iron, all others have paled in comparison.  Rowenta is the only iron I have found available in this price range ($70-$100) with good steam output.  For steam irons in the USA, Rowenta cannot be matched.  My first Rowenta was dropped by one of my children, cracking the reservoir.  Replaced with an identical one, it last a good, long time considering how much use it gets in our home (daily ironing around here and a large family's wardrobe to maintain).  Alas, after much use (a few years with hard water) it started leaking on our clothes. Enter this edition of the Rowenta Focus.  I think I just got a lemon.  I do not know why, but it makes a loud buzzing noise when plugged in...and inconsistently.  I am returning it to Rowenta per their Customer Service instructions before it causes a fire or explodes. :-)  I would rather have returned it through Amazon, but their return policy does not allow it for items used.  Rowenta estimates about six weeks turn around for repair or replacement.  In the meantime, I guess I go back to the original one and just use it without steam.  We'll see if THAT lasts six weeks.  I may end up having to buy a replacement.  Ironing without steam is like cooking without gas.  Hopefully their time estimate is quite wrong and I'll have another iron soon.
 I unfortunately have to iron clothes almost everyday and have for the last 15+ years so I have a little experience with irons.<br/><br/>I have typically purchased the Shark brand but decided to give the Rowenta a shot based on the durable, professional look and the reviews.<br/><br/>Overall the iron is great after about a month of use and would consider purchasing another.  The only 2 issues I have are the cord length (kinda short) and the positioning of the dial being so close to the handle.  The cord length is much shorter than the Shark I had which is always getting caught up even though I have had to move much closer to the outlet.  And the dial I seem to hit every time I grab or move the iron around.<br/><br/>These are trivial things if the iron holds up over time because the performance is great.  For my next purchase, I will definitely pay closer attention to the length of the cord.
 Love Rowena irons.  Only reason I had to buy this one was because my husband dropped my old one and it will not keep water in it.  These work so well and they are long lasting.  May be a few dollars more but worth the extra price.
 After purchasing multiple irons over the years, I listened to friends and purchased this Rowenta. It was a deal too on Amazon Warehouse. I've used it for work clothes and to iron linens for Thanksgiving. It works superbly.
 This is my second Rowenta in 20 years.  I decided to update the model I had that was 10 years old.  This one glides over whatever I am ironing and I especially like the pointed tip so I can iron in tight spaces on my blouses and cuffs on the sleeves. It is not very heavy and the steam feature works great.
 This iron is not ergonomic.  The handle is flat, the buttons are flat.  It actually hurts my hand to use this iron.  Plus, the temperature control is under the handle and when I iron, apparently my hand is brushing against the control and it's changing the temperature without my knowledge.  I hate this iron.  I've only used it 10 minutes and I'm online buying a new one because I will not use this iron for the next decade.
 I hated to iron but now I know that it was the cheap iron I was using. This iron makes ironing much less of a chore. I still don't love to iron but at least with this iron I can take one pass at the clothes and they look great. My old iron never seemed to do a great job even after going over each side separately. With this iron I don't even have to turn the clothes over, it irons both sides at once. Couldn't believe what a difference it made.
 I've had this iron a couple of months now, and I am fully impressed with many, many features. First, this thing can put off some steam!! I swear it raised the humidity level in my house 10%...just kidding, but you get the idea. This iron is the real deal. It makes quick work of anything from shirts to slacks to those intricate, hard-to-reach places that I swear clothing designers purposely manufactured to drive people like me crazy while trying to iron.<br/><br/>Secondly, my DW5080 handles like a dream. The balanced weighting alone is worth the purchase price. When I first grabbed hold of this iron, I knew immediately that I had something special in my hand. It just fits, it's there and it feels like a natural extension of my arm and hand. It's smooth as it glides across multiple fabric types. I swear I've watched wrinkles in a shirt shrivel up because they saw this thing coming at them with a full head of steam. This thing is that impressive...or at least it is to me.<br/><br/>Previously, I've never owned anything like this iron, mostly staying at the lower end of the price scale because....it's just an iron. My thinking prior to this purchase was an iron is an iron is an iron. I used to gripe and complain about ironing with my old iron, and ironing has never been a joy. I know I grew up listening to my parents and grandparents griping about having to iron. So ironing was supposed to be a "chore"....until now. As sick as this is about to sound, I actually now enjoy ironing. I'm kind of giddy when I pull something out of the dryer that needs a touch up before going to the closet. For me, that's what this iron brought to the ironing board. When something can turn a chore into something much less, that's something worth having, in my humble opinion.<br/><br/>Around the same time I bought this iron, I also bought a new ironing board (Brabantia Solid Steam Iron Rest with Ivory Frame, Moving Circles, 25mm)  via Amazon. Between the two of them, my ironing experience has gone (on a scale of 1-10, with one being it's going to the dry cleaners) from a 2 to a 9. I would have said it's all the way at 10, but no one should enjoy a menial task that much. :)
 Full disclosure... I am a little OCD when it comes to having a freshly ironed shirt to wear to work each morning. Part of my morning ritual is to make coffee and iron my shirt-of-the-day. The result of this compulsion is that I have demanding requirements for a steam iron; plenty of steam, no dripping, reasonably quick heating up, sole plate slides easily across fabric and controls are easy to see and use are among the primary criteria. A week into its use the Rowenta DW8050 seems to be meeting my needs. Here is my current assessment:<br/><br/>Pros<br/>1700 watts delivers plenty of controllable, fast starting heat<br/>Consistent steam delivery plus a nice blast when needed<br/>Pointed sole plate design effectively gets into tight areas<br/>Easy to set controls as needed by different fabrics/ironing<br/>Uses tap water (jury still out regarding cleaning feature - not used)<br/><br/>Cons<br/>Sad to say, it still dripped! Not much but a disappointment<br/>Amber light goes off when up-to-heat is difficult to see in handle<br/><br/>So far I've used it on cotton, linen and silk. It worked well on all, especially the linen which seemed to resist the standard "slept in this shirt look" till later in the day. Holding back the one star was for the minor drips. I did not get them every time and they easily ironed dry but still... really? Regardless, I would be inclined to recomend this iron for its quick and effective ironing capability.
 It was a great iron, mine lasted 2 years of weekly use. Ironing 10-15 shirts. I don’t know how long it should last. There was a pop while it was heating. Now it works correctly about 10 minutes at a time.
 The iron heats up fast, and emits plenty of steam.  The stainless plate glides easily, and the cord is plenty long enough.  It is very easy to add water to.  I have a few issues with this iron that would lead me to purchase a different brand when I get another.<br/>1.  The curved are between the sole plate and the handle at the base/back of the iron is curved in such a fashion that you cannot wrap the cord around the base without it slipping off and spilling everywhere.  I have had to bundle the cord up and stuff it between the handle and the temp dial, which I'm not a fan of Maybe you can wrap the cord around the hot sole plate without it melting, but I'm not willing to try this.<br/>2.  I constantly hit the temp dial with a finger or thumb while ironing rotating the dial a bit.  There needs to be just a bit more space between the handle and the dial so you don't move it while ironing.
 I would give it a 5 if we were not buying a new one 9 months later.  That we are buying it again speaks to the overall excellence of this iron.  But that we have to buy it again reveals it is not bullet proof.  Gravity took out the water chamber so no steam.  Nothing for it.  The iron itself works great, so let's call it semi-bullet proof, or something.  Nice in the hand, heats evenly, just a fine utility and we will be extra careful now about that tricky planetary acceleration factor!
 I hate to iron, and rarely do, but found myself needing an iron, but the cord on mine was split. Enter this amazing Rowenta iron. I read the reviews before purchase, and expected an iron, I did not expect a miracle! This is incredible: it dispenses so much steam, you rarely need to sprinkle your things, and it simply glides over everything. It does use a lot of water, and the instructions say you can use tap water, but I will stick with distilled water to extend the life of the iron. I was so impressed, I ordered a second for our other home! I hate to sound like a commercial, but this iron made ironing almost a pleasure.
 Iron worked great at first, then started leaking if water tank was filled clear full. Have to add just a little water at a time to keep from leaking . Water actually pours out if tank is filled full. Iron will quit heating if no water in tank. Will not buy another Rowenta.
 Wow, wow, wow!!!!  In my opinion ... This baby is the King  of irons.  I did my research before purchasing any iron ... and I do not like to iron. The reviews on this particular iron very good so I thought I would spend the money and see if it made ironing any easier. I can honestly say I don't mind ironing with this iron. If you sew, you will appreciate the way this iron's tip flattens seams.  Big difference from my department store iron. I appreciate how well this iron works and I am enjoying this purchase. My hands are small and although I can feel the weight shift in my hand I would not consider this iron to be heavy however it could be considered slightly larger then some.  It has a cap on the water hole so the water does not splash out onto the garment.  It has a dial setting with a setting for synthetic fabrics which I did not have my department store iron, there is also a button to select no steam. The brown plastic water  tank that holds the water is not as transparent to easily see the water level.<br/><br/>With my old iron I would have to pass back and forth again and again, even pressing at times, and yet I would still find wrinkles ... that is not the case with this iron.  This iron glides across the fabric and is taking the wrinkles out at the glides and does very well in the smaller tighter spots.
 Super effective steam capabilities; single roll iron of my linen shirts is sufficient to make sure it works...<br/><br/>Update: While playing a prank, my kids put in some sugar in the bottle used to fill water in this. Well, with all the burned caramel coming out with steam I thought it's gone. Putting in a diluted solution of water and vinegar and steaming for 5 to six tank fills cleaned up everything and now again working like a charm.
 Great iron with TONS of steam - perfect for dress making and pressing wool hooked rugs (this requires strong bursts of steam). Not too heavy but has enough weight from a great stainless steel soleplate to press a good seam or foldline.
 I am in LOVE with iron I mean I actually enjoy ironing now!!! When I first used this iron I noticed that the stainless steel plate makes it so much easier for gliding over clothing and wow the steam it makes!! I feel like I was in a steam room!!  A true gem, I will never own a cheap iron again!!
 Does not get as hot as I would like for cottons
 This iron is awesome!  I love it!  Makes ironing a joy, kid you not.  excellent heat and steam.  The physical design reminds me of a yacht.  an expensive yacht.  lol.  you'll think yacht too when you set it down and look at it.  it ironed a shirt i normally have to apply spray starch to.  i wanted to see how it would do.  i did not need the starch.  that is impressive.  I highly recommend this iron.  i'm really proud to own it.
 This iron is a beast!!! It has several very useful functions.  This iron is for those serious about crisp and sharp appearance. Looks like I’ve been to the cleaners!  Delivery time was on point!!! Great job!!!
 Extremely pleased with this Rowenta Iron. This is my second Rowenta. My husband decided to upgrade to an iron that had more whistles and bells, as our first one was broken after falling off ironing board. My husband did extensive research to get the best bang-for-the-buck. I don't enjoy ironing, due to back problems, so the best iron matters.
 Seems like a good iron. It does weigh slightly more than my 10 year old Rowenta. Good steam output. I read the review saying that the sole plate catches buttons but this does not appear to be an issue for me, operator error I guess. The temp dial is a little hard to see but I don't find my hand "accidentally" hitting it or turning it. In these first couple days I have no issues with the timer not working or it not turning on, as others have had. Time will tell but for now it seems to be a good iron.
 great weight, great shape that lets me easily get to all of those tight corners and colors, easy controls, great steam (or not).  I was hesitant to spend more than double what the average Target iron costs but figured, "what the heck".  Don't hesitate - this makes ironing fun.
 Yes, this iron is heavy to pick up. But the trade off is how easily it glides over the clothes and the extra weight works for you in pressing so you don't have to press down hard on the iron. You just guide it. There is plenty of steam available and is adjustable from just a small amount to more than enough. Heating up time is very short and i was surprised by that. From the time I plug it in to the time it is ready to go is about half as long as my old iron. I am very pleased with this iron and hope it will last a long time.
 Makes ironing enjoyable (with a good board of course).  Cotton mode is no joke...bring on the steam!  Knocks out wrinkles like a boss.  If you hate ironing it is probably because you don't know what you are doing and you have a crappy iron.  Hit YouTube and get a good setup...stop using the dry cleaners.  They only wash your clothes in a washer and then press them.
 Hands down the best iron I've ever used. The right amount of weight and a slick enough surface that glides well. This iron uses a lot more steam than most and distributes it really well. The controls feel higher in quality than on cheaper irons and the whole thing feels really solid. I only use distilled water with it and I feel like it will last a really long time.
 I love this iron. I have never had an iron of this quality and it is so surprising to me the difference it makes. It is very good quality, solid, slightly heavy (but in a good way) iron. The steam output is fantastic, I just cant think of a lot of things to say about an iron except that I absolutely love it as much as one could love an iron if you know what I mean....
 This is a very nice iron. The polished metal plate slides easily across the fabric.  The steam holes are very tiny and cover a large portion of the sole plate. As such, the iron produces a well distributed area of steam.  The iron heats up quickly and maintains the set temperature accurately.  It includes a power shot steam button, spray button, and self clean button. The only negatives are that the reservoir runs out of water often and it is easy to accidently bump the large temperature dial and change the temperature setting.
 Rowenta is my choice of irons. Well made, perfect temperature every time.  Large water container and can you say a perfect spray and steam.
 DO NOT BUY THIS IRON.<br/>A little over a year ago, I ordered this iron for $90 and it's already leaking water.  We're trashing it.  Don't make the same mistake I did.
 CAN HARDLY BELIEVE HOW GREAT THIS IRON IS!  I ALREADY HAVE A "MERCEDES BENZ" ROWENTA IRON FROM 2014 AND IT WAS OKAY, BUT IT KEPT "SPITTING" MINERALS ALL OVER MY CLOTHES.  A QVC REVIEWER FOR THAT SAME IRON SAID SHE HAD TRIED THIS IRON (DW5080) AND THOUGHT IT WAS SUPERIOR TO THE "MERCEDES BENZ" FASHION WEEK ONE.  I ORDERED IT AND NOW I PLAN TO GIVE AWAY MY OTHER IRON, BECAUSE THIS ONE (DW5080) IS SO SUPERIOR THAT IT IS UNBELIEVABLE.  NO "SPITTING" MINERALS AND GREAT STEAM.  THE BEST IRON THAT I HAVE EVER USED!
 Best Steam iron ever!! Heats up quickly, light weight, convenient to fill and empty, does a great job removing wrinkles!!!
 I bought this for my wife and she hasn't complained about it yet so it must be an excellent iron.  Good price, Good Product.
 I like the new iron.  It is easy to use and has all of the "bells &amp; whistles".  I have a built-in ironing board, and the iron doesn't fit in the area made for iron storage.  It is a little wider than the space allowed.  I had an older Rowenta iron that fitted very well.  I am keeping the iron and dealing with this issue, but I wish it were a little narrower.
 This iron works really well, is made of high grade materials/good build quality, and is totally worth the price. I’ve been using for 6 months and have had no issues, especially with iron flakes on shirts (like my previous iron did).
 This is by far the best iron I have EVER used. Granted I have just had it for a couple of days, but it works like a dream. Powerful, sturdy and gives you clothes like they were ironed at a professional laundry. My only critique, and it is minor, would be I wish the cord was retractable for storage purposes. Worth every penny.
 Really nice machine and does fabulous for ironing out my fabric. However, it produces a LOT of steam, even on the lowest steam setting, to the point of leaving my ironing board cover with dark water stains. Which mind you my ironing board is new as well and not an old one. It's also heavy, would have liked it to be lighter as lifting it constantly tends to make my arm tired when I'm doing a lot of ironing.<br/><br/>But overall it's a very nice iron.
 I don't like to iron, I still don't, but the difference between having 400 holes of steam and about 20 that my last one had is amazing.  It is heavier than my old one, but I just press occasionally and when I sew and it is wonderful.  I wish I had bought one sooner, very worth it.  Also glad I got the one with auto cut off.  I had that on my last iron and its just an additional safety feature that you don't need until you do.
 Well, should have paid attention to the reviews. It leaked first time I used it. And kept leaking. What a disappointment. Rowenta used to be the premier, I've owned several.
 I love this iron..........however, it did not last a full year.  Just 9 months, and it started leaking water out of the stand area.........when it was not being used.  I put up with that for a week, then last week, it no longer turns on.<br/><br/>The shape of the iron is terrific, the number of steam holes is wonderful........and I love the weight.<br/><br/>For the price, I would have loved it to hold up longer.
 I bought this iron specifically for sewing and craft projects. The steam is wonderful with all those holes on the sole plate! It is lightweight and glides over the fabrics. The first couple of times I used it it made a lot of noise....gurgling, etc.but after repeated use it has stopped making all those weird sounds. I love the narrow point. The only thing I don't like is that it takes a long time to heat up again after it auto shuts off. But I understand the auto shutoff is an important safety feature. I had another Rowenta for many years and it would still be working had I not knocked it off the table and cracked the water reservoir. The packaging was also awesome...no possibliity of damage with any reasonable amount of care.
 Best iron I have ever used. I bought this iron because I'm a sewist, and I need a good iron as I sew seams. My old iron just wasn't cutting it, requiring multiple passes and creating so much static cling on the presser plate that ironing was a difficult chore. Like others have said, I actually enjoy ironing, but I need a tool that works. This Rowenta cuts through wrinkles like a knife through fog and comes back hungry for more. It has a nice weight -- a good heft, but not like carrying around a bag of bricks -- and a perfect, effortless glide, no matter your temperature or steam settings. Warms up quickly, about 60 seconds. The steam feature is awesome and works both vertically and horizontally. The water tank is easy to fill, and water usage seems to be on par with other irons I've used; it's not the worst water-hog ever but it does use quite a bit of water. I bought mine used from Amazon Warehouse Deals, and it works perfectly -- happy to have scored a deal on this amazing iron.
 This iron works really well, I've only had it a couple of months so I don't have alot of input about the leaking factor I read about.  So far, it's operational and has not leaked, produces alot of steam and a stream of water if you want.  It automatically turns off when not used for a little while, I guess would be a good feature for some, but if I'm ironing something I sewing on, I go back/forth to the iron and find it cuts off by the time I sew a little more and then come back to iron what I've sewed.  I have to move it around and wait for it to heat back up.  It has no on/off button.  Other than that, it works really well.
 I love this Iron. It was never easier as now to iron. All my husbands busniss shirts are now wrinkle free without pressure the iron on the clothes. I tried a lot of other Irons but not one was that good as this. The only minus is that the water tank is almost empty after 4 shirts even if I don't have the steam on high but I can live with that.
 Love this iron. The steam level is easy to adjust and the hundreds of little holes make a huge difference in an even steaming experience. This iron claims to use only tap water--so I'm using tap water....we'll see how it holds up. The iron heats up quickly and holds heat for a long time after it is turned off.
 I got this iron at a good price; I guess they were closing out this model.  I wish I'd bought it earlier because it is so much easier to iron when you don't have to press down on the fabric to get the wrinkles out.  This is a heavy iron and it gets hot but it takes the wrinkles out of fabric better than any iron I've used.
 Nice iron...not too heavy, but substantial enough to do the job of ironing out stubborn wrinkles in cotton fabrics.  The pointy nose on the thing is great for ironing between buttons on shirts...really didn't think that would be anything remarkable, but it does make the job easier and quicker.  The reason for the "It's Okay" tab is the insane difficulty when you try to fill the water tank.  The heavily tinted plastic "window" makes it impossible to see the water level inside.  I figured out how to prop up a flashlight so that it would shine into the viewer part of the water reservoir.  The flashlight beam has to be very close to get any light into opaque plastic.  What ninny designed this!!?  The entire design of the iron had some extra focus for ease-of-use.  Then just try to put water into it!!!!!  It's like the designing project stopped in mid-flight and everyone went home!!!  This said, the iron DOES do a very good job of ironing fabric... too bad you have to fill the thing several times during an hour of ironing!!
 This is the best iron in it's price range. No leaks as some others have mentioned. It works on all fabrics and I have yet to have anything negative to say about it.
 Love this thing.  A good iron is a great investment.  You can also use this thing to steam your clothes.  I have never used an iron of this quality before, and junk irons just make ironing harder.  This is really a good product.  The only thing that I would change, is that when I grab the handle, I sometimes hit the wheel with my fingers and knock it out of adjustment. If there was a little more room between the handle and dial, I would give it five stars
 After older one finally gave way, that model i did a lot of research, but no longer made.<br/>So I had to go back and do a lot more research, again, 5 years later.<br/>My wife loves it.<br/>Works great!
 Iron is nicely heavy and irons really well. The only issue is that the handle gets really hot and I almost burn my hand while ironing. I have to use a small towel just for a barrier because of how hot it gets.
 I've had this iron for several months now. It works great, heats up quickly, steam works well, I like the automatic shut off since that's how I ruined my previous iron. If it shuts off while I'm still working on my project it heats up again very quickly (30 seconds or so maybe less)
 It does the job, I guess, but I wouldn't choose it again. It's very heavy, and steams somewhat inconsistently. I hate the instruction booklet...it's intended to be understood by those who can't read, I guess, as it's all drawings, with no text. Leaves a great deal to be desired, and it was pretty expensive. If I had it to do over, I'd look for a lighter iron, though, for sure.
 this iron has leaked water since day one, the design is defective, the water builds up where you fill it up and ends up leaking from the fill area while ironing. Should have returned it when I had the chance
 I hesitate to rate this iron. It's my second Rowenta, same model.  Because it had the highest rating of irons reviewed, I decided to give it a second try, even though my first iron made me crazy! After about a year of using it to do my quilting, I got totally disgusted and angry every time it spit water onto my work.....not a little water, but enough to soak a large area. Now after using the new iron for a few weeks, it too has started to expel excessive steam when it is set up to "rest." I hope this is not a harbinger of what is to come. If it too starts to spit on my work, I'll kick it to the curb!
 We needed a new iron and I went for what I thought was an excellent choice. I did buy a "used" one which in reality was new from this seller. I am so happy we bought this rowena steam iron, its an excellent product.
 I loved this iron for quilting until at 7 months it suddenly stopped steaming and starting leaking profusely from the sole plate.  My previous Rowenta lasted 8 years or so and I am incredibly disappointed with this one!
 Pros:<br/>Heavy<br/>Gets hot fast<br/>Lots of steam<br/>Well designed<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>Lots of steam i.e. requires you to keep filling her up with water, I can do about 1.5 dress shirts before needing more water.<br/>Lots of steam i.e. for whatever reason if I iron several dress shirts the floor/carpet is really wet (underneath the iron board) when I'm done. I cannot figure out where this water is coming from. I'm assuming some water droplets are passing thru the steam holes and creating this water.
 it's excellent iron so far and a very big improvement over my Shark steam iron, which was lighter, 1500 watts, and a much smaller ironing surface inspire of being an inch or two longer . Obviously, this is quite an upgrade for me.<br/><br/>This Rowenta glides almost effortlessly, and the narrow tip is very effective for maneuvering around buttons and cuffs. I appreciate the fact that there is no more strenuous "pressing" required. It heats faster and the steam output is amazing. It does spit a bit, but that doesn't bother me too much. (I tried filling it 2/3 but it didn't make any difference). I refill the water reservoir for every three to four men's dress shirts, so I keep a pitcher of water nearby. I like this iron very much AND I learn to look only for the German Rowenta. The ones that are made in China are not as good. Check the reviews and you will figure it out.<br/><br/>For months I have hesitated to spend this much money for an iron, and the reviewers who reported problems with customer service and declining quality in all models of Rowenta irons over the past decade concerned me. For now, it's a really great iron that lives up to the 4 - 5 star reviews. If it doesn't last more than a year, I won't be very happy. If I get several years out of it, I'll throw in an extra star. Fingers crossed.
 Good iron except it stopped working after less than 2 years. I have had 3 Rowenta irons over the last few years and none of them last more than 2 years. Otherwise this is a good iron, but be prepared to replace this expensive iron in 2 years or less.
 I was not sure I would purchase another Rowenta iron as I have not had good luck with them in the remote past.  This iron is fantastic.
 I had the urgency to upgrade to a good and efficient iron so I searched Rowenta for its' reputation. I also checked the Olisso because I love the iTouch technology and I was willing to pay more, but the reviews are not so good about the iron.I make clothes to sell online so Iron is a big thing for me. Rowenta offers many models to suit your needs. I was in between this one and the DW5197 which is a fashion edition with the NO turns off until you unplug the iron, but since I spend long hours sewing (8 hours and more) I think the shut off feature is good for me. I intermittently use the iron and I guess you save on energy with the auto shut off. I must say, I love the iron! I feel the difference between my old cheap $25 iron and my Rowenta. The steam is very powerful and get the job done easy plus ohhhh I love the precision tip for my intricate pieces. The only downside is I  feel the tank gets empty very fast or I think I'm not filling it well, but I have my eyes on that and I don't mine to refill it every time I have to.<br/><br/>I also have to add on this particular Prime order thanks a bunch to my favorite place to buy..Amazon!!! My iron did not get on the stated delivery date of a Saturday (understand was busy holiday season). I was so eager to get it the weekend when I sew the most so I was a bit sad, but on Sunday morning I received a phone call that my package was 2 minute away from me!!! I was so impressed for the effort! That's why I looooove to be a member of Amazon Prime!! You guys are the best!
 This is my second Rowenta ... first lasted for years ... (it needed cleaning and I wanted the newer model and a friend was happy to take it) ...  I use it all the time ... love it!!
 This is the third Rowenta iron we've had over the years.  You can't beat the job they do - and we purchased this because it is made in Germany - not China.
 This is a great iron and it is way better than a Rowenta 9280 that I paid double this amount for.This one seems to have a lot better quality.  The 9280 didn't have good heat, weak steam and would turn itself on randomly after sitting in the idle mode.
 Ive had my iron for several months now, and the Rowenta DW5080 iron is undoubtedly a quality product.  It it the second Rowenta iron I have owned, both made in Germany, and I don't expect to have the need to purchase another in my lifetime.  Please be aware that some Rowenta models are now being "made in China."  They are not as reliable, and as a result, ratings have gone down.  This model is stamped on the side, "Made in Germany."  Don't settle for anything less.  Maybe Rowenta will get the message, and return all manufacturing of their products to Germany, where craftsmanship is still a fine art!
 I replaced my old iron with this one and I love it.  Steam's perfectly, handles well, and requires little effort to make my clothes wrinkle free.  I definitely recommend this product.
 This iron rocks.  It replaced a Shark that died after a long time. The qualit.y is apparent, it doesn't leak, and it is easy to fill in my bathroom sink.  It also drains very easily after use.  It is an excellent iron so far.  My use is light duty, ironing uniforms a couple times a week.
 Owned a Rowenta for the last 10 years and loved it...after much use the cord seemed to not fully connect for electric and it was on and off depending on the position it was in. Bought this new one and noticed they have improved the cord connection to the iron. The setting are many and the quality is great<br/>Really like the style and lightness of the iron and the same great heat and steam plate. I would certainly recommend ths to anyone wanting a quality iron.
 I had this iron for couple months now and so far it’s doing very good. No leaking water while I am ironing. I like the pointing tip, which makes it easy to get to small edges of the shirts
 The turn dial seems a little dated compared to current available technology, and the cord is shorter than other brands. So far, it has worked great. I am  little worried about the reviews I read on this and other Rowenta irons complaining of leaking. If I experience any such issues, I will update my review.
 Just 6 weeks after the return window closed this iron has stopped heating. The light is on, but no heat, I am distraught with Amazon that there is no one to speak to about this.
 I work at a huge corporate facility and have to use an iron often, sometimes daily. Having freshly pressed clothes is something I take pride in and ironing is so much cheaper then taking your clothes to the dry cleaner (plus the chemicals they use....blech). Back when I was living with roommates one of them had a nice Rowenta iron. That iron was such a work horse it put my old B&amp;D iron to shame. I was sad when we all parted ways and got places of our own because I had to give up use of such a great iron. So here we are a year and change later and boom my old B&amp;D iron I started using again began to leak which was the final blow to the problems I started having with that iron. I was actually happy about this because I was eager to finally get a Rowenta of my own.<br/><br/>The reason I chose this iron is because of the look and size. I'm a 6'5" male with pretty big hands so I like the fact that the handle has a nice sturdy feel to it and the steam and squirt buttons are big. The weight of the iron is good; makes you feel like you have something sturdy in your hands, something that will last you a while if taken care of.<br/><br/>Performance is astounding. The iron glides across your clothes and the bursts of steam are even on every pass. As soon as I got home I followed the first use instructions and went to work on a basket of dress shirts and slacks I had just washed. What I noticed immediately is that my ironing time was cut in half. With my old iron it would take more then a few minutes to get warmed up and when finally warm I would have to make several passes to get that nice ironed shirt look I enjoy. With the Rowenta, it takes about a minute or two to warm up then the magic that can only be found using a Rowenta happens. This iron ate through a whole basket of dress clothes in less then half the time it would have taken with my old iron. With my old iron ironing a full basket of clothes was more like a project that I had to set aside time for but now that I have this Rowenta in my stable ironing that same basket of clothes has been reduced back down to a simple chore that only takes a few minutes to complete.<br/><br/>Take it from someone who irons on a regular basis...you can't miss with this purchase. Save yourself a whole lot of time and frustration. When it comes to buying an iron, don't buy cheap, buy Rowenta.<br/><br/>EDIT: Been almost a year now and this baby is still going strong. If you haven't bought one already and you're looking for a great iron trust me, it's worth the extra coin.
 Best Steam Iron  ever I had, excellent quality, heavy duty, reliable,easy-to-use made forever<br/>Extremely easy to set-up. Excellent packaging and protection<br/>A little pricey  But the Perfection has its price<br/>I would definitely recommend to a friend without hesitation!
 My previous cheapo Black and Decker iron was having its plate peel, so i though i should go for quality. after looking at reviews, this was a well rated iron. The Stainless steel plate and tip felt nice, it hot hot fast, and had more than enough steam for me. The larger tank was a plus (seeing my cheapo Black and Decker had to refill after each shirt).<br/><br/>The only downside is that i wish it had a retractable cord. Other than that, i can't be happier.
 I bought 2 irons..they seem great at first. After about 5 months the power cords had an issue and the iron leaked a lot. The iron would just turn off during use. Sent in for repair, customer service fixed one and i am waiting on the other one. They told me the irons are no longer under warranty even though they are supposed to be. They said it was because i used them for commercial use. I ordered them using my resort business address. Poor service.
 So far so good.<br/>For once I read instructions for an iron and trying to make sure I am more careful about to drain water after use,<br/>turn it off, etc.<br/>I am a bit disappointed as it doesn't seem to GLIDE like my last one.<br/>More time will give me a better perspective.
 Worked okay for just short of two years and then died. Have to jiggle the cord and hold the cord against the iron in a certain position to get it to work. For the money, it should have lasted longer. Very disappointed and won't buy another Rowenta. It's also heavy.
 The steam controller doesn't work properly as you can have it on the lower settings and there is still a ton of steam. It will "spit" water out from time to time so on the more delicate fabric you need to use a ironing cloth for sure or turn off the steam.
 After having had this for sometime now I can say it works perfectly and has features that are an improvement my previous Rowenta iron of the same type which after 10 years of heavy use began  to leak.  I especially love the variable steam feature.  I have bought other supposedly good irons that only last a year or two so in the long run this is definitely worth the price.
 Have had this iron for a year now and can say this is the best iron i have ever bought. Heats up quickly and irons very smoothly. Cuts down on ironing time. The only problem i have is that still get a few water drops now and then. Over all this is a very nice iron.
 Good iron.  Does a WAY better job than my old lightweight cheap one.  It looks quality made.
 I only use Rowenta and this is the best one of the three I've owned.  Love the tip and overall design.  Not crazy about the color, but who cares? For the price you can't beat it. I've shopped this iron on may other sites at much higher prices, 89.99 at WalMart and 99.99 at others. Best value anywhere.
 Works great! Burned myself three times in the first use, so it definitely functions well!!!
 My second of the same model.  I ruined the first one removing wallpaper :)  That does tell you how much steam can come out if you wan it too though!  Well balanced, wide range of temperatures and steam.
 theoretically this iron should be fantastic.<br/><br/>realistically it goes through water like theres no california drought, and it releases WAY too much steam. theres no middle ground, its either too much or not enough steam.<br/><br/>the cable management features of this are awful and there is no easy-fill cup thing included.  i use one of those pyrex measuring cups that has a little pouring bit on it.
 Worked well initially. Uses a ton of distilled water to really steam, but does do the job on wrinkles. I give the low rating because after 1.5 years, my iron started not warming, even on the highest setting, it is just barely warm. I think an iron that costs this much should last longer. Ours is used on a weekly basis, but always with distilled water and always well treated.
 2nd rowenta iron i’ve owned! no complaints! i tried a cheap black and decker iron but it didn’t work out of the box so i went back to rowenta. used it through college and now every work day. don’t leave water in it and it should last longer.
 These are the best irons!!  They last a very long time - unless someone knocks it off a ledge!!  I only gave 4 stars because they used to give you a little container for water, and they didn't include that with this purchase.  Also, sometimes it seems to spit a little if I try to use it before it's fully heated.  Be very careful - the steam is extremely powerful and will burn you if you don't pay attention to what you are doing!
 Best iron we've ever owned. Although not heavier than other irons, the design puts more even pressure behind the very even heat distribution. One swipe seems to remove even stubborn wrinkles.
 Love this iron. Steam is powerful, it’s not too heavy, glides over fabrics. Heats up quickly. I bought a second one for when my other one dies.
 Was very excited to finally purchase a Rowenta but was very disappointed in the performance of this iron.  It takes a long time to iron well even at  highest heat setting!. My old Black and Decker (forget the model but was reccommended on Consumer Reports) performed better and faster.  Used to kind of enjoy ironing (sometimes).  Now it's a real chore.
 I bought this for my wife. She irons most evenings and goes through an iron at least once a year. She loves this Iron and claims its the best one she has gotten so far.  Its well built and tough. Glides effortlessly and does a good job ironing. It is a bit heavy. It was more expensive than most so wait for it to go on sale.
 Iron is lightweight, glides nicely. I bought the highest watt iron hoping it would be hot enough, but it is not. The auto shut off is activated too quickly. Also the spray lever is placed to close to hand hold and is easily pressed accidently.
 I bought this iron as a replacement for my Olisio Pro. It is a good iron, but if you sew a lot...it just doesn't work. Shuts off too quickly and you have to wait for it to warm back up.  A little awkward to fill with water. Nice iron for a casual user...
 This is THE best iron that we’ve ever owned. The weight, feel in hand, and pointed nose is perfect. The steam function and controls are well placed, and it’s a pleasure to use. Overall build quality is excellent.<br/>Very happy with purchase and would recommend.
 Excellent quality
 Fabulous iron.  The only drawback would be the instruction guide.  it is all done in pictures.  I am not an idiot.  Please give me written instructions.  The "directions" for cleaning the iron are ridiculous.  There should be words.  I tried going to the web site but just got pretty much the same pictorial manual.
 This iron is great, you can really get into tight spaces with it. I did not rate a 5 because there is one thing I do not like, the sprayer is so close to where I grip the iron that I am always spraying when I don’t mean to. Other then that, I love it.
 This iron is amazing!  It's not like I even like to use my iron, but when you have to iron, this Steam Iron is amazing!  Does a great job with little effort and it is easy to hold.  Good bye old iron -- HELLO my new ironing assistant!
 This is a beast of an iron on steroids! I like it a lot. Easy to fill and empty. Lots of steam. Love the small tip of the iron. Concerned with what others are saying about water leaking out of the bottom. Only time will tell.
 Iron practically everything I wear. So my iron is quite important to me. I really like this iron because it gives off good Steam and gets warm quickly. It does a great job ironing even the thick clothes well.
 So far, so great. I don’t iron daily so I hope it will last for several years.
 This is my first Rowenta, all my other irons were cheapos so when the last one died I decided to get a nicer iron. To my surprise, this iron has cut down on my ironing time. Instead of the back and forth over the garment, it's once and done. I'm not sure if it's the weight or the number of steam holes, but it makes quick work of ironing and does a nice job.
 This is my second Rowenta iron and I haven't been using it very long.  I am a quilter and use an iron heavily.  My first one lasted for 10 years and I'm hoping for the same with this one.  It does a superb job using the steam function as well as dry.  My only negative comment is that it takes longer to heat up to the point where it releases the steam.  I simply turn it on sooner to rectify this fault.  So far, so good.
 Love this iron!!  I ordered item with damaged box, iron is in perfect condition.  I'll take a crummy box any day for such a good deal.  Only issue was some starch build up....started using spring water (in a 1.00 gallon jug from Walmart), no problems since.
 After using this iron for a few months, it started leaking.  I had to go out and buy a new iron because it was soaking my fabric every time I used it.  Not impressed with this and not worth the money.
 I really love this iron!  It glides nicely and does a really nice job ironing.
 So far so good...I iron every damn day...so I go through irons like crazy....the chord always end up not working eventually on all of my Rowentas
 Would love to have a retractable cord. Otherwise, it works awesome.
 Excellent choice. Steam still works fine and hasn't clogged up. The soleplate is still smooth and glides over the garments. The craftsmen ship is excellent.
 OK - nobody loves to iron - at least nobody I know. But honestly, this iron is worth every penny. It makes ironing ALMOST enjoyable. I've had probably 10 $30 irons that I've thrown away over the years. This one is a keeper. A steep price, but what a difference. Once over and the wrinkles are gone. Just wish I could use it on my face :).
 This iron has a weird design! But it works really well and my mother was able to press her work pants/shirts. Without any problems and she doesn't have to worry about water leaking onto her clothes while ironing.Iron press really well with neat creases. Also she doesn't have to worry about burning her clothes with this iron or staining her clothes. You know the brown stains that get on your clothes while ironing. Because something that got burned onto the icon plate is now being iron onto your clothes. Never a problem with that anymore with this iron and she really likes that a lot. With all her old irons this was a major problem for her, especially for white fabrics. It does say to not leave the water in the iron.. so she does pour any extra water out after using the iron. It's not a difficult iron to use at all. She likes how versatile the iron really is and it was truly worth the money. So far she hasn't had any types of problems with the Rowenta and I hope it does stays that way. Also if you going to buy this iron please get the 3 year Asurion Housewares Extended Protection Plan! You'll get it by email and just make sure you keep the email when you receive it. Because you never know when your appliances want to stop working or just start acting up out of no where! It's good to have it. I wasn't really sure about this iron at first! Because of the design of the iron and just because an iron has good reviews and etc! Doesn't always mean it's a really good iron.. I was really not sure about getting this one. Every other iron she had was let down and stopped working in a short period of time. So I was really worried this would do the same.. but I decided to try it out and slapped a 3 year protection plan to it! I'm so glad I did decide to buy the iron, because it works well and it's still working great! Haven't had any problems with it yet! Clothes are coming out great with no stains or leaking water spots. I'm very happy with this iron overall.
 The iron failed after about a year and now spits out brown crappy water when it gets hot. We've followed all of the recommendations for care and even tried iron cleaning solution but it's just garbage. You might as well buy a cheap iron because it might do a better job however, it won't last any longer than one from Wal-Mart.
 I bought a different model of Rowenta iron from Macy's  and it works fantastic, so when I saw this Online on sale I bought it. To me it doesn't steam well like the other model. My husband works for the airlines and his uniform is wool and when I steam his uniform which this Rowenta it just doesn't have the steam power as the other model of Rowenta.
 The iron is leaking through the cord, how do I return it?
 Got this as a gift for my gal who irons "everything" and goes through irons often. She really loves it. Says it's the best iron she's ever used. She says it makes steam like she's never seen. Just got it so time will tell how well it holds up but being German made gives us much hope.
 I bought this for my mother, and she loves it. She uses it everyday and appreciates the quality that you get from Rowenta. If you want a workhorse that won't let you down buy this iron.
 This is a greeat iron.  The micro holes make steam ironing a breeze.
 So smooth and easy to use! BEST iron I have EVER used! Definitely worth the money! It makes a chore seem enjoyable! Don't say that very often!
 BEST iron ever. Except. After 10-12 months, it started leaking. By the time I contacted the company, I’d have to pay to send it in for repair. Up to $60. Insane! Glad to see I’m<br/>Not the only one shows had an issue. So frustrating! :(
 No water leakage unless the little lever to control the amount of steam is left open. Works good, glides smooth, all good!
 The iron doesn't fit the stand. Now I have to figure out where to keep it. I dont have a laundry room so folks, if you dont like keeping your iron under your bed, maybe get a standard size.
 I love this iron except for one thing that I didn't know until after I got it. It says that you have to use regular (hard) tap water which is kind of a bummer because I have a water softener. I have to keep making a separate container of water for use with this iron because the owners manual specifically warns that using soft water will cause harm or malfunction to the iron. Aside from that, it's an incredible iron and works really well. Just be aware of the water requirement before buying.
 I was so thrilled to open this at Christmas and have literally read the manual five times and stared at the iron for a week.  I can't wait to use it.  I can feel the awesomeness awaiting me.
 We love our new iron.  Our older one fell off the ironing board...and the plastic bottom broke.  So that is why I bought the new one.  Both are Rowenta irons...the old one still works, but we love the new one!!!
 The owner loves it!  There is a distinct difference using this iron versus a Wal-mart or Dollar store special... You can get lucky at Goodwill and find one of those OLE SCHOOL heavy irons with the turquoise cord!!!!  Hmmm... I still have that burn on my leg as a kid when we used the floor/bath-towel as the ironing board... lol.
 The iron is quite heavy and does not seem to steam unless you constantly hit the steam button.  It's okay.  I would probably not buy again.  My previous Rowenta was about $100.00.  I guess you get what you pay for.
 Really love this iron it works great I never had an iron that I actually got out the wrinkles highly recommend buying this
 Purchased this iron little over a year ago. This was my first time purchasing a nicer iron. It worked great for few months and it started discharging particles. I did self clean after every use, always used tap water, emptied all the water out when I was done. It got worse and worse and to the point where I had to do self clean in middle of ironing because of the debris discharge. I emailed Rowenta and was told to send my iron to get it fixed since it was still under manufacture’s warranty. Received my iron few weeks later, worked fine for couple uses, and now it’s back to where it was. It ruins my white shirts because of the gray particles it keeps discharging. Previous cheap $20 irons worked much longer than a year. I am going back to a cheap one and throwing this Rowenta iron away. Waste of money.
 After three months of very little use it's totally dead. It won't get hot and even when it does it won't stay hot. I would NOT recommend!
 I bought this at the recommendation of my mother in law, who quilts in her retirement. Rowenta is known for making some of the best irons on the market. I have not been disappointed. This thing holds a ton of water and is very easy to fill. It heats up quickly and the steam is always flowing well. The pointed tip is perfect for getting those hard to reach places on a shirt. Definitely a good purchase.
 I love my Rowenta Steam Iron.  I have used these irons for years and nothing can compare with this wonderful product!!
 Love the way this iron feels in my hand.  Nothing flimsy about it.  Easy to fill with water, I like all of the steam holes, dial turns nicely and I know I am going to appreciate the pointed tip of the soleplate.
 I have never owned a rowenta iron (always had a cheap one).  It is wonderful to use.  I press a great deal of my clothing and using this iron makes the job so easy.  Its heavy enough to do the job well but not so heavy that you are exhausted when the ironing is finished.  I like that it uses tap water and while many complained about the water port, I did not find it to be a problem.  It does an excellent job on linen!  Wish I had bought one much earlier.
 I had to replace my iron after several years of use and chose the same brand.  I was glad to see that you could now use regular water instead of distilled water.  Didn't make me like ironing any better however...
 Really nice iron. Instructions are bleak---internet more useful. Dials are confusing. Does a forceful steam job. I think I will really like this iron with more use. Excellent price for such a quality product.
 so far love my new iron
 This iron makes me feel like an adult. It feels incredible well made. The tip is so good at getting into corners and between buttons. It has a self cleaning feature that I use about once a month or so. The water tank capacity is quite large and the steam vents are evenly distributed. Also, the steam comes out as steam, not as half-steam, half-water like some of the cheaper irons I've owned. Honestly, I have no complaints. This actually makes ironing fun.
 This is my favorite new iron. I love the feel and the glide. The fact that I can clean it regularly for calcium deposits is a plus. It heats quickly and I have used it for fusing, quilting, and garment pressing on numerous fabrics. The number of steam vents (greatly increased from my former iron) has proved to be as advertised and previously commented. Love it!
 I'm loving it!  It gets nice and hot, with great steam.  Goes through water quickly with all that steam.  I like the weight of the iron, not so heavy that its tiring, but enough to give some weight to your ironing to get those wrinkles out.<br/><br/>Update: I had to reduce my rating to three stars.  I expected a Rowenta iron to last longer, but I only got just over two years out of it, and the warranty is for one year.  It performed well while it lasted, but not sure its worth the cost for the short length of time it lasted.  Bummer!!!
 Stopped working after 2 months
 Rowena irons are the best quality for perfect results of crisp smooth wrinkle free fabric.  I've tried many irons in 30 years and nothing compares.  This was my second Rowenta only because someone dropped it too many times!!!<br/>You may want to hide your iron!!!
 Works sooooo much better than less expensive irons.  All the steam holes and base weight make the difference in quality and speed of ironing.
 Safety hazard - After owning this iron for less than a year, it leaks water constantly. This becomes a hazard when the water is hot. Upon review of the Rowenta website, I was directed to a Rowenta repair facility that is 3 hours away. Do not buy this iron.
 This is my 2nd iron.  Personally, I love, love, love to iron.  I give this a 6++++++ star.  Holds up to its German brand.
 Even when I was a teenager--many, many years ago--I liked to iron. To make extra money in high school I took in ironing, but in those days I didn't have an iron anywhere close to as wonderful as the Rowenta. If I had, I could have said I LOVED to iron. For years I've heard about the Rowenta, but didn't want to spend the money, after all, I could buy a perfectly good one for half the price, or even less. Well, have I ever had a lesson in irons! Believe me, there IS a difference. Now it doesn't even feel like ironing, it's easy, efficient, and takes less time than using an inexpensive iron.
 Iron only steams for 5-10 seconds, then stops while the iron reheats itself for 5-10 seconds. This constant steaming and stopping makes it take twice as long to iron anything. Plus the results are poor, clothes still look wrinkled, even on Linen setting.
 So far I am happy with my purchase. I like the pointed tip. I can get very hot so I am careful with certain fabrics.  I can see the water level, which was a complaint I read about that other models had. My only complaint is it is a bit heavy.
 I have used this iron for about a month now and I love it!  I usually press lab coats with starch with my old iron and  they still look like they could use pressing. With this new one, following directions about filling on the non-steam setting and then waiting for the light to go out, (not using starch), they look like they came from the cleaners! The iron is heavier than the old one,but if that's what I get when using it...why would I not?<br/>I did look at the more expensive models, but couldn't justify the high prices. I am very pleased with my choice!!
 Have bought romances for many years. Stop purchasing them because the expense and others in the household dropping them. However for the price this is an excellent iron steam is not as strong as I would like but definitely of Rowenta quality and arrived on time and well packaged
 Steams like no other iron I have used.  Works very well.
 Awesome iron! I had to replace my Shark which was 10+ years old. This fits the bill, especially the steaming functionality.
 I love it! Best iron I have found in a long time. If your looking for a heavy iron this is it. 100% recommended.
 Great Iron! Does the job. Nice price...
 Needed a new iron after having bought a really cheap one about 5 years ago and was getting tired of the constant leaks and just general badness of the product.  Husband told me not to worry about the price and so I found this one.  I tried it the day it came and I was in LOVE!  This iron is great.  It is nice and sturdy, and works great.  Would definitely recommend this iron to anyone looking for a good iron, even if you don't iron a lot.
 Does nice job.  Seems to take longer to heat than my old black and Decker.  Unlike other reviewers, I have no leaks so far.  My only complaint is when the water reservoir gets low,  it stops steaming.  I can't just iron another garment until the tank is empty.  I have to shut off the iron and drain the water.
 I just got this iron yesterday and used it for the first time today.  It irons beautifully!  It is heavy, so if you want a light weight iron, this isn't for you, but I love it.  (Don't know how well it will hold up, because I just got it.)
 Works well, better than any other one I ever used  Tons of steam (be careful), and fast  Irons fast and good, worth the higher price.  I dont like that it says to empty it after every use.  Maybe they all say that,  but we sure don't.  What a pain.  No trouble yet, after several months of lite use.
 I had a very old and inexpensive iron and decided it was time to get a new iron, this one is certainly an upgrade and does a great job.  Very well made and easy to use!
 This iron makes ironing fun.<br/><br/>The steam is fantastic - but the weight and the stainless steel make the job so much faster.  I can now do all my ironing in about a third of the time -- which is a huge difference.<br/><br/>I couldn't be happier.
 What can you say, it's a Rowenta.  Great product.  Did read that some of them might leak after about a year.  Amazon has a relatively inexpensive warranty that I also purchased just in case.
 What a dream of an iron.  It is so smooth and honestly, I have never spent this much for an iron (but it is well worth it).  I actually enjoyed pressing my husbands dress shirts.  I was done within an hour with 10 shirts.  It was great!  Would recommend it 110%.  You use tap water!!!! Remember to drain after each use!!!!!! It is also self-cleaning!  It is made in Germany and they really know how to make a great product!
 Works so much better than my old iron. Just be careful when you first add water. You can end up with a blob of water on your fabric. Fill, put a towel down so the first spurt of water out of it won't damage your velvet (or whatever). After that, it's fine and behaves properly.
 I don’t iron every day so I haven’t had the opportunity to discover all this iron can do but so far, I’m very happy with it.
 My husband LOVES to iron. He has been wanting a Rowenta for years! He finally decided to splurge and get this one and cannot believe how incredible it is. Very well packaged. Gets hot quickly. Makes much quicker work of ironing as it heats up so much faster and also does a much better job. Definitely an amazing iron!!!
 I have only had this for a month or so but I love it.  It is broad enough to cover a lot of fabric but the tip is nicely tapered to fit between tiny buttons.  It is also heavy enough to do all the work without lots of pressing down, saving the shoulders.
 Love my iron Rowenta is the best iron I've never been disappointed- well worth the money
 I generally give reviews when it's either really good or really bad.  This one definitely deserves five stars.  Pressing clothes can actually feel less of a chore with this iron.<br/><br/>Pros:  glides easily, burst of steam is powerful, cuts ironing job in half the time, dial is smooth when changing fabric setting.<br/>Cons: May feel a little big and heavy for a smaller person but the flaws can be overcome by the ease of use with this iron.<br/><br/>I actually don't mind ironing now, just hoping that this iron will last.
 I love Rowenta irons. This is my second Rowenta and I had to get another one when my first one finally went to the iron graveyard.<br/>You will not be disappointed in this iron it work great. Have had not problems with this iron and it work like a dream. Love the point on the end.<br/>You wont be disappointed in this iron.
 So far it seems like a really nice product.<br/>Great value for what you get.<br/>Two things I want to mention:<br/>1. I do agree that the cord is too short.<br/>2. A little disappointed they didn't include a water fill cup :/
 This is one super iron!  I am loving it!
 No leaks. Smooth glide over fabrics. For 1700 watts this iron well balanced. Did 14 dress shirts in about an hour. Refilling the reservoir with water is simple with the wide-mouth opening. Iron was brand new. This unit takes the chore out of ironing!
 Not happy and wish it would break, it spurts and sends out calcium deposits even though they say dont use distilled water.  It was very expensive and the cord does not retract and hard to store.  Should have gone cheap.
 This is a great iron worth the investment over Department store irons. Tons of steam. My wife spends way less time ironing my pants and shirts now. Way way less time. If your on the fence I wouldn't hesitate. Got my recommendation for this brand of iron from an ex marine who is very analysianal about his clothes, his irons and how crisp he can get his clothes.
 This iron leaks from the cord/bottom of the handle.  When I google this it is a reoccurring issue.  Not safe.  I followed all user directions.  Used tap water only.
 This I iron had been the best iron I've owned.  It steams tough fabrics perfectly and quickly with little or no leaks.  It glides great across the fabrics with little hang up.  Altogether it is a great iron. My only complaint would be that the tempterature tends to drop pretty quickly when I'm using the steam feature.  I can understand this because the water cools the heat element, but I wish it would stay hotter longer. Of course, my of my irons in the past weren't as accurate on heat so this one is a major improvement.
 I LIKE THIS IRON ROWENTA IRON 1700 WATT BUT THE IRON IS LEAKING WHAT SHOULD  I DO IT MUST HAVE SOME KIND OF GUARANTY
 I have heard great things about this brand but never considered bc I thought paying extra for an iron was not worth it. Boy was I wrong... Although the cost point is not as high as some, it is a little more than the $40 B&amp;D brand.<br/>This iron is durable, solid, &amp; irons like a champ. Although it is a little heavier than irons I have purchased before, you can feel the quality difference. I can press through with one motion, rather than going over the same articles a few times. The tip of the iron is deigned for my dress shirts. You will not be dissatisfied.
 Best Iron ever made.  It looks terrific too
 I have never had an iron like this one. It does a wonderful job on shirts and table cloths. Puts out a lot of steam. I have to refill after just two or three items when the setting is fully open but that means it's producing a lot. Gets plenty hot. I have been ironing stuff I wouldn't have normally ironed just because it's fun to use. That phase will fade away but it is actually fun to iron now.  Glad I decided to spend a little more and get a Rowenta.
 After 5 months,  quit working.  Water is leaking out of the bottom.  It won't come on at all.  I am a quilter so I only use it to iron fabric and seams.  I am very disappointed.
 East to handle. Heats up quickly and smooths out wrinkles well. It's the best iron I have ever used. I don't do a lot of ironing, but I use it to iron certain cotton and linen clothing and when I hem pants. I gave away my separate steamer since this iron can double as one. Reasonable price given it's superior quality.
 So far so good. I have problems with my water so I will see down the road if it has sputtering problems.
 Good iron.  What can you say about an iron? It works well ironing clothes but thank goodness with the materials used today it doesn't get too much use.
 After a series of run of the mill irons I decided I needed to spring for a really good one. This is the absolute best iron I've ever owned! I In 60 years of ironing I have never ever enjoyed ironing....a necessary evil. But this one is a joy!
 Love this iron! I have had other Rowentas that disappointed but this one is a winner. I didn't think inowild like the auto shutoff but have been surprised at how quickly the iron "wakes up" when I need to use it!
 The MOTHER OF ALL IRONS! Invest in something that is worth your time and money. This is not a flimsy plastic feeling iron. This iron is a beast! Works excellent and feels like heavy duty quality. You wont be disappointed if you are looking for a good iron!
 I got this for my dad and he loves it as he washes most of his stuff at the house.  This iron works great on his shirts, pants, etc.
 I like how it irons, but all that jumbo about it being able to use like a steamer, is nonesense.
 My wife likes this brand and it was just an automatic re-purchase when a previous one got damaged
 I purchased this because of the anti-calc filter.  Time will tell if that is a good feature.  It is very heavy, however.  And the color means that I can't see the water level in the steam iron.
 Ironing clothes.  Light weight, crack in steam window, water ran out on first use with steam. Window of return to Amazon, expired 8/27/18. No help in exchanging the iron.  Can it be repaired?  Not pleased with iron.
 Absolutely the best iron we've ever used!<br/>If for whatever reason we needed a replacement, I'd buy the same model again without hesitation.<br/>Build quality: excellent! Get hot enough very quickly. Auto-off. Steam feature is the best I've ever used.<br/>Can you love an iron?
 Didn’t last long. Spits out water when heating up and then doesn’t glide like my last one. Takes forever to iron anything.
 Very nice iron, does what it should!
 This iron is marked 'Made in Germany', and I'm using it for my every-day ironing (clothes, not quilts).  It has a nice weight to it, easy to fill and the water reservoir is the largest I've had.  The steam is fantastic, and temperature gets hot.  Wrinkles are removed with ease, too.  This is a rather recent purchase, but I've had a great experience with it.  I'm hoping it will last quite awhile.
 seems to be working very well
 I've always loved Rowenta irons but I thought they were too expensive.  I had one years ago and it last a long time.  When I saw this in the warehouse for under $40, I picked it up fast.  It works great on all types of fabric and glides with ease.  The steam function produces a lot of high pressure steam and lasts throughout 20 minutes of ironing.  My only regret is that I should of picked up another one at this great price.
 I expect these things to last.  I paid 70 bucks for it and it was lightly used.  Took it out today to do some ironing and water is coming out of  everywhere except as steam.  Would not buy again.
 I’d give 0 stars if I could. In 6 months the burst of steam feature no longer works. This is ridiculous. I’d expect this of a lesser priced iron. Would not buy again.
 great Iron and a lot of steam.
 I'm an ironer,  so I only buy Rowenta irons made in Germany. This is my third one in a long, long time and I think the best one yet! It's weighty so you don't have to press hard, it glides over the fabric! I iron my 100% cotton sheets so I want an iron that will get good and hot and this one does exactly that! You will not be disappointed unless you like lightweight, wimpy irons!
 I like the features and wish I used more...I really like that I can see the water line
 daughter loves it
 If this isn’t a professional iron, it’s the next closest thing.  Like the auto off feature too.
 Perfect my irons are all Rowenta’s
 This is the BEST iron that I have ever owned!
 This iron is the best iron that I have ever had.  There is a version with a higher wattage and I wish that I would have purchased it.  When ironing linens and extremely wrinkled things a hotter iron would come in handy.  But, as far as this iron is concerned it is smooth on the fabric, stays clean and does what it says it will do.  Very happy with this purchase.
 First quality.  Great that it can use regular tap water.
 This is the best iron I've ever used. I bought it on the strength of the Rowenta brand name and have not been disappointed. It's certainly more expensive than any other iron I've owned, but I've found it to be well worth the money. With this iron, my husband is able to starch and press his collared button down shirts to his satisfaction, and no longer sends them to the dry cleaner for laundering.
 very happy with this product, not too heavy and easy to use. it has a powerful steam burst but because of it, the tank needs to be refilled pretty quickly, good thing that it uses tap water. the only problem is that is wider than regular irons and it doesn't fit into the iron holder hanging on the wall (Ikea model).
 When my iron went out, I purchased the Rowenta after asking friends and relatives what they used.  So far, not disappointed in my Rowenta.  It heats up quickly. Irons great.
 This is replacing a Rowenta we had for years but dropped and broke.  Great brand of irons.
 Liked it so much I bought one for my son. I just received this text: “Love you dad! By the way I really do love that iron. It makes the drag of ironing in the morning actually enjoyable.”
 read directions to make sure to use it properly. gets very hot and cools down fast. iron greats
 We've tried a few irons over the course of our 14-year relationship and this is my 2nd favorite iron. It's my husband's 1st choice!<br/><br/>This iron gets very HOT! Be careful. It works very well and uses lots of tap water. The only thing I do not like about it is that I have to clean it (actually, hubby cleans it) about once every two-three weeks. It spews sediment while ironing when it's time to clean it.
 All I can say here is that my wife loves this iron. I never do ironing but got it for her as a Christmas present and she loves it, especially the sharp point as she does a lot of quilting and I suppose it comes in handy for the smaller areas.
 Have had it for only 6 months and it won't even turn on! Have had other orns that cost half as much that have lasted longer.
 The best iron I've ever owned!  Lots of steam, I like the sharp point .. Can't say one thing bad about this iron.. I've owned a Rowenta previously and it was just average but this one is superior
 I am not terribly experienced at ironing, just started about a year ago ironing once every couple of weeks. I don't mind the task, but find it takes too much time. That is, until I got this Rowenta iron. My average time per shirt was cut in half just by switching to this iron. It produces a massive amount of steam without even hitting the button for a burst of steam. Sleeves of cotton shirts take just one pass for perfection. Collars the same. The tip is extra pointy for easily navigating around buttons. The water reservoir is large enough to last me about 2 shirts.<br/><br/>Seriously- buy this iron, especially at its currently low price on Amazon.
 This is my second Rowenta.  I dropped and killed the first one.  I really love this.  It didn't spurt water everywhere while it heated up, and it got really hot, which is what I wanted.  I iron a lot of heavy duty cotton.  I didn't have to use the burst of steam button which surprised me.  The regular steam setting worked just fine.  As a note, I do use starch when I iron.  The only negative I found is that the iron is heavy even without water in it.  It isn't a deal breaker for me but it could be an issue for others.
 I have had this a couple weeks now.  I love it!!  I love the ease of filling it with water, no mess no fuss.  Easy to use the heat settings.  My only drawback if I had to choose one is that it is quite heavy.
 I have been ironing for over 45 years (back when you still had to "sprinkle" clothes, roll them in a towel,and let them sit!).  I have purchased several irons in that time, particularly Sunbeam, Proctor Silex, and Hamilton Beach.  None compares to this model or design.  The steam is powerful and effective, going through to the other side of garments, and saving time.  The first blouse I ironed was linen, and  this iron took care of its wrinkles like it was perma-press.<br/>Yes, it is heavier than bargain models.  Yes, it uses quite a bit of water quickly...to be expected with the steam output you get with 400 holes.  You get what you pay for, and this has been worth every cent.
 See Eadline. Very impressed the many features all work as advertised &amp; even I could figure out how to use this iron!
 The iron is on the heavy side. Works very well.  Only down fall is the print on the dial.  You can not read it to adjust temperature for appropriate clothing without light and glasses.  The print is light on a beige/gold background and difficult to see.
 When it works, it is great!  However, I would expect that the cord would be operating correctly for longer than 9 months.  When the iron is moved during the normal ironing process, the iron cuts off and on depending on how the cord going into the iron is turned.  I am certain that this is a TRUE HAZZARD.  After many years of owning only Rowenta irons, we have decided on another brand.  Not as expensive and therefore will not be as disappointing if we do not get a year's service out of it.  Sorry to say, Good Bye Rowenta.
 Best iron I ever owned.
 Nice iron very good quality
 This being my third Rowenta iron in the past 20 years and an iron that is used a few hours every week, I believe it is one of the finest irons on the market.  If you sew, this iron is a must to complete all of the detailed pressing.  This iron is a pleasure to use.
 My husband says it’s “holy crap nice.” I don’t iron, but that statement coming from someone who irons underpants and pillow cases seems pretty significant. #HeTakesThisSeriously
 I used to have a Rowenta and bought a Shark last time.  SO glad I've returned to Rowenta - such a great product.  You feel the superior quality.  Its well worth paying the extra.
 Like so far, however I was hoping that the highest setting would be hotter,  it’s not.
 My wife loves this iron. She's actually looking for stuff to iron. Seems like it's worth spending a little more (if you can) to get this quality iron.
 It’s been a year since I have this iron, I use it occasionally not heavy. It the job well, I have no issues with it.
 Wish I'd had this iron years ago.  The amount of steam this iron puts out is unequal in my opinion.  I even took items I had ironed with my old faithful and reironed them with this one - the difference was quite noticeable.  Yes, you have to refill it more often but the time it took me to put  the cup down on the counter and literally walk 6 feet to the ironing board and it was ready!  All that said, there are some cons - the amount of steam this iron puts out caused condensation on the underside of my perforated silver ironing board cover - so much so that I had to put a towel down underneath the ironing board.  Could have put it at a lower setting, however, I was ironing linens.  Second, the sheer volume of steam makes this an iron that you must be careful with in terms of handling - so would never let  a minor have anything to do with this.  For me, it cuts my ironing time to 1/4 what it used to be.  The fill chamber is easy to fill and read (not dark like some where you need a flashlight to tell if it's full enough), easy to handle and ergonomic, love the design for collar corners, it DOES NOT however, have an on/off switch - I put mine on a power strip so that I can turn that on and off rather than unplugging.
 One of the best Iron boxes I have ever used in my life. It pushes out a lot of steam and you get a professional press look everytime you use it. I use this everyday at home and I love this.
 gets the wrinkles out and is heavy enough to make a great melee weapon if needed.
 This is my second Rowenta and this one does a much better job than the first. It is well proportioned, has "zillions" of steam holes, is easy to fill, gets really hot, and I truly think it's the best iron I have ever had. I did have a problem with it spitting a little when the temp is turned down. So, I just shut off the steam completely and it worked fine since it was a synthetic fabric. Does not spit when the temp is turned up.
 Greatest iron ever!  Finally broke down and bought a nice iron.  This thing is a dream!  I just recently did the self clean as well and it really does clean itself out!  Love it.
 Best Iron I've ever owned. Money well spent.
 As others have said, they are irons and then there are Rowenta.  My old Rowenta finally quite working quite right after about 20 years.  I love the steam output in this iron, the only caveat is that it produces so much steam I had to add more water  to finish my ironing (after unplugging it of course).  I would definitely recommend this iron to anyone.
 This iron does a good job on cotton and light linen. my heavier linen skirts are more time consuming, i have to go over and over with the iron to get the material nicely ironed. it gives a lot of steam, which empties the tank quite quickly after 2 long linen skirts.<br/>the handle is a bit too massive around to hold and it gets hot after a while. .<br/>just got this one, still not sure if I will keep it.
 great iron
 I had this Rowena iron for decades and I will highly recommended!
 Works nicely
 Never thought I would be writing a review for a steam iron, but after my last one (other brand that will remain nameless) started leaking water through the power connection socket, I bought this on black Friday. Even without the discount I would pay the dollars for it. Great iron, in fact the best I have ever used.
 Heats quickly and evenly. Does a great job.  Does not leak and spit like some other brands.
 Great iron with a great price, I only use Rowenta, as they have a powerful steam action going on, and they are easy to use.<br/>Mine leak only when they are older, and about to go out.
 The iron comes with a small plastic pitcher. This pitcher needs to be filled twice to fill the iron.
 A lot better than the older Rowenta model that we  had, and it was a similar spec.  Steam feature is pretty strong and gets those stubborn creases out.
 This is the best Iron I have ever bout. You get professional result in affordable price. Steam feature works great, easy to drain out the water, etc.<br/>Will update my review after couple of months. Just been day or two I have started using it.
 Much better than the last iron we got.
 Not like my old Rownenta.  According to the package, the iron was made in Germany, however, the construction is flimsy.  The cord does not have a robust cord like the older model.  The hottest setting is just hot enough to iron a permanent press shirt.  There is no hope for my linen tablecloths.The iron does not hold temperature well.  Do not purchase if you do any significant ironing.
 Everything mechanical and functional about this iron seems to be great so far. The only small nagging issue for me is the lettering on the dial is very light and has virtually no contrast to the color of the dial. Therefore it is very difficult to read what the dial is set to. I just can't understand how an extremely well designed and well built item can have such a simple to fix flaw.
 When I iron my brain quiets.  Time is suspended.  I find peace and tranquility.  Afterwards, I have the great pleasure of beholding my beautiful laundry crisp, clean and in order.  Nothing but the best ironing experience is acceptable to me.  Hence my Rowenta.  The only brand this ironing maiden uses.
 I've never been able to forgo (yes, this is the correct spelling) ironing.  It's shabby to be seen wearing dryer wrinkles and bumpy seams.  Therefore, steam is the most important feature to me when choosing an iron, and smooth soleplate is the second. I've gone through a few irons in my lifetime, and this is the best one yet.
 Never had an iron that I liked any better.  Just wish the cord was retractable.
 I purchased the Oliso TG1600 and was not happy with it from day one.  It did not have enough steam for me and I could never get used to the iron's self raising and lower feature it offered.  Most of the time I had it turned off.  I have had this iron for a week and have fell madly in love it with.  It heats up nicely it has great steam options from a little to a lot!  It has a nice weight to it, it glides along perfectly and my clothes look awesome after pressing them with this amazing irong.  I am looking for things to iron now!
 I did extensive research before purchasing this product and I bought it based on the reviews I read. I have to say I am very pleased I did since it works miracles on my husband's shirts. Ironing just got a bit easier! It is a bit on the heavier side but that contributes to the wonderful job it does.
 Best iron ever had!!  I breeze through ironing in no time.
 Great!!!!
 I love this iron. I've never, ever had an iron last long--not sure why--but I hope this is the first one.
 Nothing is better than a Rowenta. This one is bigger/heavier than others I have owned, but it does an excellent job and has all the features and functions you need.
 Wow, great iron.  It's hard to get excited about an iron but this one is the exception.  It is simply amazing.
 Wow the best iron i ever had. My ironing time dropped by half. It irons and steams. Buy it now!
 Finally ! Something to iron cotton shirts although I have one RL shirt ( don’t know material ) that it can’t iron even at highest setting. But still I am happy with the purchase.
 This iron is absolutely fantastic. The quality is superior, the non-stick surface is so easy to clean, the steam ability is impressive with my suit coats hung up on a hanger &amp; the holes don't get allow for chalky buildup. I highly recommend.
 Hands down, the best iron i've owned. Has a solid weight to it and the steam is uniform and powerful
 Wow, what a great iron. I've been hating my old iron for a long time, but was afraid that I might buy something that was worse. After reading the reviews for this Rowenta, I decided to give it a try. I am really happy with it. It is very light and gives you as much steam as you set it for. While I still don't enjoy ironing, at least it's easier.
 Great iron! Different settings are awesome!
 The reviews were great and I agree with them. This iron gives you plenty of steam.
 I liked not having to use distilled water in this iron and so far there is nothing I do not like
 Consistent great product.
 Not crazy about the color, but LOVE the way the water locks in and doesn't spill.  Very well made.  I had the Rowenta made in China and it didn't hold up, so glad I got this one made in Germany.
 This is one of the best irons I have ever used! I love that the steam is even and steady - No spurts!<br/>Even heat - I cannot say enough about this great product! I love it! Makes ironing a breeze
 After purchasing in October 2016, this iron suddenly stopped working.  It won't turn on at all
 Yes, I like to iron - and this iron works well. I think I'm one of very few people left that iron most things, so I want a reliable piece of equipment. This iron has handled well.
 Best iron ever.
 Love,Love, Love this iron, if it is possible to love an iron,  So much better than the one I was using before and does better job.
 Excellent service, super fast delivery.. item arrived as described in good condition. I highly recommend this steam iron to all potential buyers; it's the best steam iron I've ever used. I'm 100% satisfied with this purchase!
 two years old and now it does not heat at all.  Light comes on so know it is not an electrical issue.  As others have said at times water just pours out of bottom of iron.  Will not buy this again!
 I have been looking at this iron for some time now, and I looked at many of the reviews, both negative and positive, and I'm very happy so far with my purchase.
 The heat settings are very difficult to see.  I need to put on my reading glasses in order to set the iron.  Otherwise very good iron.
 Quality product for great price!
 I've had several irons over the years, usually cheap ones.  I finally decided to bite the bullet and buy a Rowena.  I use it for quilting and the things I like best about it are the quickness of producing steam and no water droplets falling on the fabric.
 I bought a different brand and it "died" so replaced it with my all time favorite Rowenta, very happy with the product. I like to iron all my clothes and using this brand of iron is so much easier. My husband says "a man is only as good as his tools" I think I can relate to this saying. Enjoying my iron.
 Have used this iron about 4 times now.  Amazing iron, easy to use, steam part is great. Also, like the fact this iron is actually made in Germany. I have an older Rowena that was still working but wanted to upgrade. So pleased I bought this model...no complaints so far!
 Works good
 The first one leaked within a week of use and ruined multiple items. Returned it with in a month. The replacement has been functioning great for over a year. If the first one had not developed problems this review would be a 5.
 The iron looks sharp, but gave off a terrible odor as soon as I took it out of the box, like walking through the "fertilizer and pesticide" aisle at the hardware store.  The stink was still strong after a few hours of airing out, so I gave up and sent it back.  Whether this was a failure in quality control or just poor material selection, I'd expected better from Rowenta.
 Quality is good. Works Great.
 It's a bit clunky.  The steam reservoir empties quickly because the stream vents are so plentiful, but all that steam works very well on cotton wrinkles.  I noticed that some of the Rowenta irons are made in China - this model in Germany.  This iron replaces a Rowenta that I used for 15 years!  Yes, some women still iron clothing!
 Rowenta's DW5080 Focus Steam Iron with 400-hole Stainless Steel Soleplate definitely is an iron that works hard for you and, you wouldn't know it by the classy, elegant look of it.  It handles easy and glides over the toughest wool!  The steam feature works flawlessly and does not leak like other irons!!  I am finally happy with an iron that goes to work for me.  Definitely would recommend this item to my friends.
 I finally have an iron that functions as advertised. I am impressed the the design, functionality, and, dare I say, the PRICE.
 If you're looking for an iron that will get the job done this one is it. It's great for someone who sews and is using it to iron new seams or if you want your clothes to look like they have been pressed at the cleaners. I got one for myself then ordered another for my mother in law.
 Love this iron but disappointed that it blew up just one month after the warranty expired.  This iron doesn't have the durability of my previous Rowenta.  Disappointed to say the least.
 Best iron ever!
 What is not to love about a Rowenta!  Love this iron - although I am not a fan of ironing, this unit gets the job done quickly.
 I was a little concerned about buying the iron since it was one of the less expensive ones Rowenta offered.  However, I have been very pleased with it so far.  The steam is very even and does not leave wet spots on my clothing. The nose is shaped well to allow you to get into the smaller spots you need to iron on shirts etc.  And I love the self cleaning function!  This iron is just as good as the more expensive Rowenta ones I Have bought over the years!
 This iron has more steam capabilities than I've ever had before, and I have an older model Rowenta iron.  I also like the design of the tip as it allows ironing closer around buttons, etc.  I'm a quilter, and it is works well for pressing 100% cotton fabric seams.  I've owned it for approximately a month, and yes, I would recommend it to my friends.
 Makes a lot of steam when needed. It doesn't leak and spit when switched to dry when it still has water in the tank. Nice point on it and a good weight.
 Probably the nicest iron I will ever encounter in my lifetime.  Very well made.  High quality product
 I love this iron. The weight of it lets you know you’re getting the job done.  Clothes look awesome, heats quickly, and it looks cool!
 Why is it that only the Germans can build a superior clothes iron. Have gone back to other models only to return to the Rowenta..  Even though it tends to be the most expensive it seems to be the best at getting the job done and significantly it is durable and problem free. When the folks doing the ironing tell me they want "the German iron"  that means something!
 Best Iron I ever owned, I never spent more than $30 on an iron before this one, well worth the extra money so far.
 My daughter loved her gift.
 Now that I have used a Rowenta iron I will never us anything else. It is sturdy, the steam is great.
 Love this iron.  It makes ironing a pleasure.  I put distilled water to maintain it better
 Rowenta has been my favorite iron for several years.  I do a LOT of sewing &amp; the Rowenta has lots of steam holes, even close to the point which is great for opening seams or pressing seams down.  Had a question for Rowenta USA ---- they were awesome &amp; prompt in answering the question &amp; providing an item I needed.
 Exactly as it promised!  A pleasure to use!
 This iron is amazing! My old one died and after using this Rowenta I want to kick myself for using my old Panasonic for so many years. I do a little sewing and was able to get wrinkles out of some of my fabrics that the old one couldn't tackle, even on the steam setting. Wish it had a retractable cord, but otherwise perfect.
 This iron was very lightly used (perhaps some 4 hours total), and its auto-off feature started turning it off during ironing. It is less than 2 years old, but the warranty period is just 1 year. Tough luck.
 Only one complaint.  With the design and location of the spray button (on the handle) I am accidentally pressing, therefore, wetting clothing that doesn't need it. Otherwise works great!
 This is a surprisingly heavy iron but other than that, performs beautifully and easy to read and adjust controls.
 Great Iron.
 OK, this makes me want to iron again!  This iron is light weight, has really smooth gliding action, and is just a really good iron.  So, I guess I'll have no excuse for letting the ironing pile up again.  Oh, well.....
 I was told this was a great brand to buy and I agree. The iron has nice features and is powerful but a bit heavy.
 It's GREAT.  The german-made iron is worth every penny and really high quality.
 Love my iron!  The only thing I didn’t notice is that the cord is not retractable.
 Got it for my daughters Christmas. She loves it.
 Lasted a good year, very disappointed, as my Rowenta before this one lasted 7! Water leaking out everywhere when I go to iron with any amount of water in chamber! Gonna try a different model, still love Rowenta, but this one doesn't cut it!
 Iron worked great for almost a year, but now the steam won't come out, and the iron is not hot enough to get wrinkles out.
 Oh my! This lives up to the reviews that were written about it and now I can add mine. If you love your clothes ironed crisp, quickly, but efficiently, this is the iron to use. The bursts of steam are constant and makes ironing easy and fast. Love it!
 Okay, maybe my title is a little dramatic, but this is one fantastic iron.  I hate ironing, I'm terrible at it - I admit it.  But that's okay because this iron practically irons my clothes by itself - with just a little guiding from me! It's not heavy, it glides smoothly and easily and the little point on the tip of it is very helpful for those tight places.  It is worth every penny and I would give it 10 stars if I could!
 This is an awesome iron at a fantastic price. My last Rowenta iron lasted 12 years and after researching all the brands came back to Rowenta. This iron is solidly built, gets super hot quickly, never drips water and has a great design that allows the user to iron tight spaces without causing further wrinkles. great well thought about product and I  would definitely purchase this again.
 Have used Rowenta irons for over 20 years and have never been disappointed.
 High quality iron.
 This iron was everything that I thought it would be I had a previously worked for Macy's retail and they use their steamer the Rowenta steamer and this iron I have been looking at in looking at and I finally made the decision to buy it and I'm very very pleased with that you just can't fill it all the way up to the full line with water else it'll leak
 OK, but cheaply made<br/>Great product and great buy
 I am one of those 'dinosaurs' that likes and ironed look. I so love this Rowenta!!! Not only does it iron beautifully, I can use it to steam costumes quickly.  This iron is a real treat!
 Gets hot and stays hot, even after being unplugged. I still can't find an on and off switch. Just unplug when I want to turn it off???
 I am in heaven. I never knew how much fun ironing could be when you have the proper tool. Those 400 holes make it quick.
 This is my first Rowenta steam iron and absolutely love it. I have used it a few time and the results are perfect. It's easy to use and love the fact that I can use water straight from the tap.
 I have been using the cheap $25 Iron for years. Finally broke down and spent the money for a quality iron and.... I wish I did years ago! This iron is perfect. Cuts my old ironing time in half. You can just feel the quality when you use it. Slides right over the clothes. I guess the saying, "you get what you pay for" is so true in this case. Highly recommend.
 I love a lot of steam. If you love steam, you'll love this iron. It works great on denim and 100% cotton. This is actually my 2nd iron like this. I dropped the first and had a "fit" before I could get one in on my Prime shipping.
 I have purchased inexpensive irons for years, replacing them regularly.I decided it was time to upgrade the quality of the iron I purchased. I am so pleased with this iron! I can't say that it makes me enjoy ironing, but it does make a disliked task easier!
 I bought this steam iron to use when I am quilting. I love how nice it presses my quilt seams.
 My wife has a bought a lot of horrible irons over the last 13 years! Finally she bought an excellent iron.  So far its been great.  It is very heavy but you don't feel it once you start ironing. In fact, it glides right over the clothes.  The tip of the iron is also great to maneuver around creases and pleats on the kids clothes.  Cons: I wish it would have come with an attachment o organize the cord. Also, the cord is a bit on the short side.
 Best iron we have ever had
 I always hate ironing but this definitely makes the job easy.  The iron has a nice weight to it so my shirts/dresses and crisp and wrinkle free in seconds.  The iron also heats up quickly so no time is wasted waiting for it to be ready.  I've also used the steam function quite a bit and works like a charm.
 Amazing iron, I love it.
 This is the best iron I have ever used. I haven't had any problems with water spilling, like other folks. Maybe just don't fill the water to the very top? I've had no problems. The iron itself is pretty heavy, which probably makes it more effective. I have absolutely no complaints and I've been using it for several months.
 I bought this for my wife after her Rowenta of many, many, years finally died.  She was very sad to lose her old iron and anxious about the quality and performance of this new version.  I'm really happy to report that she loves the new iron.  The features and performance have exceeded her expectations and with each use she remarks on how happy she is with this product.
 easy to use<br/>does the trick
 After owning this iron for just a few months the plastic seal started leaking water, and upon trying to press the seal back tight the plastic completely cracked so water streams out.
 Huge difference from my old iron.  Lots of steam, and so smooth over clothes.  I hesitated because of the price, but no regrets!  Well worth every penny.
 great product  . It really does iron like a professional did it but with out paying the bill a dry cleaner charges. Nice to have handy around the house.
 The steam iron replaced a earlier model from Rowenta.  The iron is so much improved and works better than expected.  An excellent value and a well built and designed steam iron.
 I love everything about this thing.  If I have one complaint it's that I don't really like the auto on/off.  If you are sewing and back and forth to your ironing board, having the wait for the thing to heat up is a pain, but not a deal breaker.  It's the German quality that I've come to expect and is great.
 fire hazard! I wa very pleased with this iron for the past year, however, itstarted leaking a brown fluid.  when i performed the self-clean per the instructions, it started smoking heavily.  i quickly unplugged theiron and it continued (now outside in a safeplace) for 20 minutes.  contacting rowenta tomorrow to discuss warranty...
 There is nothing not to like about this Rowenta Iron
 Superb iron . Best I've ever owned. Forget China made like in the past. Worth the money .
 Purchased in March of last year. Stoped  working about a week ago.  Definitely is not worth the money!  But a much cheaper model from Black &amp; Decker, works great !!!
 My shirt and jeans looked like they can from the cleaners after i finished using this iron...
 Very satisfied. Gets hot almost instantly. Steam without even pressing the steam button. I save so much time with this iron.
 Works well. No leaking at all.
 I love, love, love this iron.  Makes it so much easier and faster to get clothes ironed.  Has a lot of steam holes which really give off a lot of steam. Those difficult to iron pieces of clothing which use to take several times going over now only take one pass and they are perfect.  Has several different settings to choose from. I am very pleased with this iron.
 Seriously well made, simple design, and built like a tank. German engineering at its finest.
 this machine is no ironing, it's a robot making your product awesomely even and nice. Easy to operate, awesome product. Highly recommend
 The size and weight are perfect, it's pointed shape works well for ironing pleats.<br/>I'm very pleased with product.
 Just got it a few weeks ago. I've used it a few times and I've been very happy with it so far. I wanted a good iron, so I bought the bestselling one on Amazon and I'm sure it earned that spot for a reason.
 Perfect iron! My husband recently started wearing dress shirts and they are so difficult to iron. With this iron it was night and day. Now I don't mind those stupid shirt cuffs at all.
 Very nice iron.  Heats up fast and has plenty of steam. Only problem is steam goes through my ironing board and becomes water on my floor.
 Fabulous iron. The only problem I have ever had with this brand is it tends to leak after a year or so but it is worth every bit of the cost.
 I have used this product for a week or so and so far it works great. Heavy iron and good steam so works much faster than the hamilton beach iron i used before. However this product is also much more expensive.
 This is my second Rowenta Focus.  While living in England I purchased my first Rowenta.  Upon returning to life in the USA one appliance I had to have was a Rowenta Focus.  They make ironing a breezie task.
 Just died after 2 1/2 years! Wife loved it. Ordering another one for her birthday! Ha! Ha! Too bad the don't repair things anymore!
 Sent it back very poor quality
 Excellent iron
 I thought mine had stopped working, but it turned out to be a breaker in my house. I love this iron and have had it for several years. No problems with it!
 I've had this for a month and, so far, I love it.  It has tremendous steam power.  It does run out of water quickly but that's to be expected due to the steam.  If it starts leaking like the other reviews say, I'll be back to post that.  Too bad I have to be leery because of all the other negative reviews about leaking.  I'm a sewing teacher and I have had a Rowenta in the classroom that's been a great workhorse for more than 6 years and it's still going strong.
 Best iron anyone could have!!!
 I am a Rowenta fan!  It makes ironing actually FUN!  I use my iron a lot as I do  a lot of sewing, as well as the laundry pressings and touch-ups.  This iron replaced my last Rowenta that I knocked off my ironing board once too often.  I probably had it well over ten years.  It still works, but I broke the steam lever.  Buy a Rowenta!  They last forever.....as long as you don't drop them.....and they make ironing a breeze!!!
 Bought it for a gift. So far a happy camper.
 The seller was prompt but the product was bad. It worked fine the first day but would not warm up later. Returned it.
 great iron.  Lots of steam. good size sturdy cord.  you can put tap water in it which is great.  heats well. i have had no problem with it spitting out water .
 excellent quality product. well designed and far better quality than the typical big box store brands.
 Works great as expected
 This is seriously the best iron I have ever owned.  It has exceeded all of my expectations.<br/><br/>This thing puts out so much steam that on an average load of laundry, I have to refill it twice.
 Great product
 This a wonderful iron as expected and a good price. Rowena irons manufactured in Germany are far superior to those manufactured in China.
 Hard to read the dial. Words are too light. Heavy iron but works better than my last brand. Worth the money?  Probably not.
 I had high hopes reading the reviews, but it didn't quite do as well as I hoped in removing wrinkles.  better than our Panasonic, but I wish it did better.  steams well and can get to tiny corners/folds nicely
 Seems to be high quality.  Have only used it once.  Nice weight.
 Good quality iron, with good care should last for many years.
 We'd owned another Rowenta iron for around 10 years, and recently it's performance went downhill fast. It leaked water and didn't seem to heat fully, so stubborn wrinkles wouldn't come out. After reading a bunch of reviews, I picked the DW5080 to replace it, and I'm glad I did.<br/>The Focus is heavy, around a pound more than the earlier Rowenta. Once it's on the garment, it glides very smoothly, but when lifting it, I notice the weight. I think the weight helps performance, so it's not a bad thing at all. The steam is plentiful, and I've not seen any drips on lower heat settings, using the Autosteam feature. The Focus also heats up very fast, which is nice on those rushed mornings. I can get through 2 shirts and 2 pairs of pants on a single tank of water, which seems about right. Refilling is easy, at least, as is draining the water when finished.<br/>My only grumble is the cord storage - the area below the soleplate is very tapered, so the wrapped cord wants to slip off, unless it's wrapped fairly snugly. The ball-joint for the cord may be to blame, but it works very well during ironing. A small ledge at the base would be enough to trap the cord wraps. Perhaps on the next generation?<br/>I still don't enjoy ironing, but it's gone from a chore to a quick distraction, and I could see myself working through a pile of fresh laundry without shuddering. For that, and the expected lifespan, the price is a bargain.
 Best and most efficient iron I have ever used. Love the steam-power!
 Love this iron and its sleek look
 Love this iron. Does a great job for my dress shirts. Best iron I've owned.
 Works ten times better than my previous iron. My clothes look so much better since I started using this iron. Even velvet clothes look smooth and have a "finished/neat" look.
 Heats up quickly, but uses an incredible amount of water to make steam.  Count on refilling the reservoir about every 2nd or 3rd garment.
 Works great. Read care and use instructions. Does not require distilled water, in fact, you must use tap water and clean it regularly (has self clean feature). Solid construction. You can't go wrong with a Rowenta. Well worth the extra money.
 After 1 months of use so far so good.  Lots of steam so consumes water quickly so need to refill to get through 5 shirts.  No leaks so far.
 the best iron i ever had
 Worked like a champ until today 6 months later and it started dumping water and red light flashed for auto off sensor to shut off.  Won’t heat or stay on longer than about two minutes
 I purchased the Focus to replace an old Rowenta Pro Master. I like this iron much better. It is a bit lighter and well balanced. The shot of steam button is more accessible and easier to depress and it has a powerful shot of steam The pointed shape and lower profile make it much more agile than the Pro Master for pressing small areas like collars and cuffs, pressing inside garments and shaping fabric. I have used it for a couple months now and so far there has not been a problem with leaking.<br/>This is a very nice iron and I would certainly recommend it.
 Does not work as good as an older Rowenta I have.
 This review of the Rowenta DW5080 Focus 1700 Watt Micro Steam Iron is based on my wife's observations and use of the iron.  She asked that I note that this iron cut her ironing time in half - literally.  She is VERY happy with it.  We have had Rowenta irons in the past but they were heavy and hard to handle, particularly for my wife who is petite.<br/><br/>Pros:<br/>* Not too heavy<br/>* Easy to use<br/>* The tapered tip is perfect for collars and fine detail<br/>* Controls are easy to use and intuitive<br/>* Emptying unused water is very easy<br/>* Reasonably priced<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>* None<br/><br/>This is the best iron we have had in 44 years of marriage and we have had some high end, costly ones.  We both highly recommend this iron to anyone trying to decide and will buy another if it ever wears out.  We are also buying one for our daughter.<br/><br/>I hope this brief review is helpful.  If so, please check Yes below.
 This iron is great, I would recommend it to everyone
 I have always loved Rowenta irons and this one is no exception. I wouldn't have had to replace my older Rowenta is husband hadn't knocked it off the ironing board one time too many. This one is smaller and easier to use and the water tank is big enough. Gets hot fast and I can iron even difficult things with just one pass.
 Heats up fast.  Even steam all around.  I should have bought this iron first before the Shark I had.
 I have owned a German made Rowenta for over 15 years and it has proven to be worth every penney I paid for it, so when my son asked which iron should he buy, of course I recommended a Rowenta.  There have been  some improvements over the years such as more steam vents and a greater amount of steam produced when you push the steam button.  I hope his iron serves him as well as mine has served me.  I would recommend to anyone considering purchasing a Rowenta iron to be sure to buy the more expensive ones produced in Germany and ignore the cheaper made China produced models.
 This is a high-quality iron. My only complaints are that the cord isn't retractable and that they recommend draining the water reservoir after each use, which I don't always remember to do since my previous iron didn't require it.
 I love Rowenta irons, even though this one seems to be heavier and more difficult to lift. The instruction booklet gives instructions in picture form, and I do understand the reason why, but I've always had difficulty "reading" pictures as I am definitely a "word" person.
 I love these irons.  This is my second one purchased.  I loved mine so well I bought one for a gift!  The steam output is amazing.
 Really irons well and has. Built-in steamer
 So far I am disappointed.  I have had a Rowenta years ago and I liked it, but so far I don't care for this one.<br/>First of all it has a "part" that I have no idea what it is for....but more important, it takes a very long time to<br/>heat up, no filler bottle comes with it, so I guess I need to buy one, the I don't care for the dial placement.  It<br/>is difficult to get to, but once I use it several time, I will probably learn about how far to turn the dial.<br/>The last thing and not very important...most irons when heated the light turns green....but this one just went from<br/>red to blinking red....so I wasn't sure if it meant something was wrong or that was saying it was ready.  I guess I will<br/>read the booklet again.  I normally don't need to read a booklet for an Iron...  I do like the feel and fit of the handle, the<br/>material they made it out of give a comfort feel to it, and the cord is up out of the way too, which I like.  As for the ironing<br/>it irons pretty much like any other iron...for for quilting so far I do like the thin nose to help get the seams in the piecing good.<br/>I don't think I would choose it again, but I think after using it I will be ok with it...much better than the one that just died.<br/>One last thing....the weight is great, not too lite and not too heavy....just nice.
 By far the nicest iron I have ever used. The steam feature gets wrinkles out of things I did not think possible. Also the tip is super pointy and HOT so you can get into hard to reach areas. Well worth the extra money. I hope it lasts!
 GREAT iron, worth every penny. This zips/blasts through my bi-monthly ironing chores in 1/2 the time of my ancient old budget iron. Follow the directions for cleaning and storage and it will work like  a champ. Steam works great, the pointy tip is great for getting around buttons and setting pleats...I hate ironing with a passion, but this makes it tolerable ;O)
 I iron a lot!!! This is a durable, heavy iron. I've been using them for over 25 years and I wouldn't use anything else.
 As Expected
 Great product<br/>I highly recommend it . I've start ironing my husband's shirts since I got it. make the life very easy
 Exceptional product! "One pass" reduces the time you spend ironing. Wrinkles seem to disappear quickly and with ease. Did extensive research and this product is heads above other irons. Well worth the money. Shot of steam feature works extremely well. Highly recommend!
 great product wife was very pleased also Great service fast shipping would recomened to everyone
 Perfect for all my quilt projects! Lots of great steam.
 It is awesome!!!
 The iron works pretty well, but it leaks a ton. I have to use a paper towel on the handle or else water gets everywhere.<br/><br/>Update: The worst iron I have used. My guess is the iron was broken when delivered and I should have just returned it at the time, but the thing leaks everywhere and makes ironing a miserable experience. Throwing the thing away.
 This iron manages to make ironing less of a chore.
 This is the second Rowenta iron I have owned.  I enjoy ironing but don't prioritize it.  When I iron (a few times a year), I want to do it as quickly as possible.  This iron heats up very fast, requires tap water only, which is convenient, and removes wrinkles with 1-2 passes for linen and cotton.  It does not come with a water filler cup but I have one.  The cord is long and the iron is light.  I gave it 4 stars because when I ironed navy pillowcases using a linen spray, the blue color came off on the iron.  However, I'm quite certain this is my fault and it may have happened with any iron.  I used the self-cleaning feature which has removed most of the stain.
 My hubby is a serious ironer and he loves this iron. Made a great Christmas present.
 Totally fabulous after the first use<br/>Had no idea an iron could get all the wrinkles completely out
 Love it.  Lots of steam when necessary and does a great job ironing.
 Manly iron.
 finally lost the battle with this..good for only about a year..not sure why it quit working
 Very easy to use , great performance
 Loving this iron. First time I’ve ever paid this much for an iron, totally worth it!
 Great iron ... makes a dreaded chore easier.
 Consumes water too fast, not heavy
 Wife likes it very much
 Amazing iron. There’s nothing to dislike.
 This is our 2nd Rowenta.  The first lasted several years, and replaced with a cheap hand me down iron.  My wife has stated that this is her favorite iron she has ever used.  The only complaint is that it is rather heavy.  Hopefully this one will last longer than our previous Rowenta.  Another bonus is that you can pour the excess water back out of the machine for storing.
 The only thing this doesn't do is make ironing a pleasure. It has weight. This is important, it's called pressing. Cons: It puts out so much steam I can only iron three shirts before it has to be refilled. Uses tape water and does not need to cool to refill. Coming in hot.
 This is the best iron I ever had!!
 This is my second one because the first keep losing contact with the  electrical  outlet.I thought is was receptacle in the wall.When we discovered it  wasn't.I bought another one.I decided to throw the old one away but before I did I took it apart to find out in the base of the handle where the cord comes in, the cord was  mashed so flat for so long the wire inside of the rubber coating was broke. I hope my new one is designed different.I love the iron ( both of them) and the performance is great. They also make iron faster with all of the holes. B.
 Absolutely the best iron I've ever owned. Very consistent heat and steam. Having 400 steam holes makes a huge difference over irons that count holes in the low dozens. I iron all types of clothing and this iron performs beyond expectations.
 Amaaaaaazing! I love this iron so much! I'm an ironing freak- I can't wear any clothes without ironing them. This iron cuts down my ironing time by a half! Very good German quality!
 This iron is great.  Love that regular tap water can be used and that it does a great job ironing my clothes.  This iron also is comfortable to hold.
 This iron is great. what took a hour now takes 20min. The steam feature is great which decreases ironing time. the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the placement of the control knob. sometime I accidently turn down the temp, due to where the dial is located. other than that this is a great product. After going thru 4 irons I finally got a great product!!!
 I was hesitant in purchasing my new Rowenta steam iron because I have been disappointed so many time in the past when purchasing an iron.  I shouldn't have worried.  The Rowenta far surpasses my hopes for a good steam iron.  It is every bit as good as the advertisement, if not even better.  My ironing has become so easy and takes much less time than in the past.
 GREAT iron - odd shape, but you get used to it quickly. Just keep the water nearby - it throws out some serious steam - I have dress shirts and it uses about 3/4 of the water on one shirt (about 7 minutes to iron)
 Omg so far I’m loving this iron, this irons like a dream without putting any effort. I thought I was paying too much at first but I’m glad I did. There is no leakage, the spray and steam power is amazing. Now I enjoy ironing, thanks to this product.
 this is a really great iron. I highly recommend it.
 best iron yet. easy to maintain and use. love it (if you can love an iron?)
 Excellent product. I will not iron with anything but a Rowenta. I think they actually allow one to enjoy ironing! They are superior to any other brand and easily pay for themselves as they last so much longer than others. This particular iron has great steaming capabilities with 400 holes. It is a pleasure to use.
 You get what you pay for and this iron is worth every penny!  What steam power.  Love it!
 Spend the money and get a nice iron...it makes all the difference...I'm done with my pressing chores early and have time to write this!
 Arrived DOA. When I went through the first run steps in the manual, the iron would not heat up. The indicator light to the left of the handle never lit up. "Auto Off" light is solidly lit up.
 It’s hot and does the job better then my old one. I really like it. Great iron.
 Just ordered this item (Rowenta DW 5080): DO NOT buy the extra insurance, I've been trying to register the item on their site and it's a convoluted mess at best. Just a waste of the extra $5.
 Works great
 So far like it a lot hopefully it lasts my other one died after 2 years
 Nice
 a little expensive, but that's irons nowadays, works as it should.
 Good
 Great Iron but it cycles for heat too often and while cycling for heat it won't produce steam. Otherwise, very good.
 Excellent steam iron.....
 I was SO looking forward to this iron to arrive. Upon opening the box, I noted it was damaged and tapped up. I plugged the iron in but it never got hot (after waiting an hour). Total waste of money.
 It's good but I've had better.  For the money, it uses too much water and is a little too heavy.  The irons you could get years ago were just better overall.  But, having said that, it irons and steams tons.  No dripping.
 A good iron, strong steam, quickly presses - but it leaks really badly.  If it weren't for that flaw, I would give it 5 stars
 So far, so good. Lots of great steam from this iron. The plate helps it glide effortlessly across the fabric. I use a mesh pressing pad for delicate fabrics I want to steam (but don't want to burn). You'll need the higher temps to get the blasts of steam.
 love this iron!  the manufacturer is highly recommended so I tried it.  very lightweight and does a really nice job
 I was reluctant to purchase this large iron because it appeared to be quite heavy and all my past irons were lite.  It is no problem.  It does a fabulous job too. I'm now a fan.
 Amazing!  This is our 3rd Rowenta, but this model is amazing.  As a person who hates to iron, i don't mind it with this one.  Love the steam!  My husband is in love too!
 Best iron I have ever used.<br/>It is probably 50% heavier than any iron I have ever used but, it glides very easily on stainless steel face so, weight is not an issue for me.  It has the biggest water reservoir &amp; most steam production of any iron I have ever used.<br/>Homemaker... 1.5 hrs clothes ironing per week.
 The only thing I do not like is how the water tank is filled.
 Love this iron
 WORK GREAT BROKE TO EASY VERY SAD COST  A LOT TO BRAKE IN UNDER 1 YEAR
 My old iron died and I hate shopping for irons.  This turned out to be a great purchase.  I do a lot of sewing and this iron works great!
 Great product and quality!!
 Seems like there were some mixed reviews on this iron, but I think it's great for the price.  Compared to the $20 irons we've purchased in the past, it's like night and day.  The iron is a nice weight and produces plenty of steam.  Cheap irons don't seem to last too long (most of ours didn't even make it a year).  This iron feels very well made...like it should last for many years.  I'd recommend this to anyone looking for a nice step up from the department store irons without spending a ton of money.
 Much better than the iron I had before which has better reviews on Amazon than this one. It's a little more expensive but well worth it's price.
 If you still iron, this is one great iron.  Heavy, lots of steam holes, ergonomically comfortable.  The best.  This is my second Rowenta, the first, after knocking on the floor about a dozen times in its lifespan, finally started to leak, hence the new purchase.
 My last Rowenta lasted for 25+ years... counting on this one to do the same!
 This is the best iron I have seen. It is not only makes the material straight but also doesn't "burn" it. I used to make only with a wet cloth when the question was about delicate fabric. Now it essentially shorten the time of ironing and make everything perfect. Very much recommended!
 This is an awesome iron!  WOW!
 I love this iron, it works perfectly and gets into all the tight corners. It almost makes me want to iron!
 Why spend more than needed? Quality. The device is solid and has "micro holes' on the surface for better steam application. I don't do the ironing around the house, but those do are thrilled. I should note it needs to be cleaned regularly to avoid build up. It's a quick albeit complex procedure.
 I only wish I had bought this sooner.
 Iv'e found out over the years that it is best to read the directions of any product you buy. I did that and found the steam iron to perform as stated.<br/>My wife likes the iron and how it handles and that's very important. I iron on occasion to help out before we go out to church or dinner. We live in a vacation area so casual clothing is in. I feel that I must dress up to go to church or meetings. Casual is all right for shopping at Walmart og Shaws for groceries. We are pleased with our steam iron.  Karl and Pearl J.
 Right weight and smooth sailing.  I wish it was a bit stingier on water usage or a bigger reservoir, but overall nice.
 Quick heating with abundant steam for 100% cotton shirts and clothes.
 The iron is as expected.  It's not perfect but then I am comparing it to other Rowenta products.  I don't think I have used another brand in my entire life and I am 76 years old.  It's fine and I would recommend it to anyone.  Expert tailors/dressmakers, etc. may wish for more but this is a fine utensil.
 looks very nice.  irons smoothly. directions on cleaning the iron were a little hard to understand as they used drawings rather than words to describe how to clean the iron.  good explanations for troubleshooting problems if they come up.
 I have owned an older version of the Rowenta Focus for over 3 years, and would not trade it for the world!  I bought this recently for a gift to my sister who fell in LOVE with my iron.  It is very easy to use, professional quality ironing.  Once your hooked, you wont go back to a basic black &amp; decker or anything similar...trust me!  Everyone who visits and uses this thing wants one.
 This is my third Rowenta iron and once again, even though this iron was considerably more money that the first ones I owned, it started leaking before the year was even out. Rowenta irons look great and perform well to begin with, but they always end up leaking. Don't buy one.
 A very high quality iron. Best I’ve owned
 Easy to use. Some said hard to see water line....just have to pay attention when filling.
 I love this iron.  The heat and puff steam are great for making that fine seam down the front of your pants.<br/>I do a lot of ironing and this makes it so much easier!
 Awesome
 Absolutely the best iron I've ever owned in my more than 60 years of ironing, having been taught as a teenage male by my mother to not rely on women to do this necessary chore.  I'm proud to say my wife has not had to iron a single item of my clothing, but whose iron does she use when ironing her own?  My new Rowenta!  My only "complaint" is that it steam irons so well that its reservoir need frequent refilling.  I can manage that!
 So disappointed that it stopped heating and does not produce any heat or steam.  Lights stays on while no heat or steam can be seen. Will seek replacement and will update the review once receive feedback from seller.
 Big iron, a little heavy, but I am a serious iron-er, so I want serious results.
 I needed a replacement steam iron for quilting and ironing pieces to sew. The iron steams and works well and I have had no issues with it's performance.  I have arthritis in my hands and I find it quite heavy and awkward to use.
 These are as advertised,easy to see and well made! A must have!
 I am a wrinkle free fanatic.  My Rowenta iron would not heat up late on a Thursday night and I placed my order with Amazon that same evening.  It was delivered to me on Saturday morning before lunch time.  I love it!!  It works even better than the previous Rowenta I had.  Great product at a great price.
 Very good product, and it was described correctly on the website.
 LOTS of steam and gets very hot.  Solidly built with a long cord.
 For the price, this iron is worth it.  The last iron I had was over 8 years old and now that I sew and craft more I needed a better iron.  I actually enjoy ironing now, thanks to the Rowenta.  The steam is strong and tends to bubble down the plate but I can live with it.  Glides smoothly and heats up quickly.
 This is the second Rowente Iron that I’ve had break on me in two years. The iron produces a good amount of steam. However this forces you to refill it with water often. This one I’ve had for a year and right in the middle of ironing my laundry it shuts off. Reason? The cord at the base has a short in it. Right Inside the white vinyl housing that the grey cord goes through at the base of the iron is where the short occurs.  Rowenta used to make good quality irons. Now, this device is a $67 paperweight!!! What gives???  Nothing more frustrating than to have a product fail right in the middle of completing your chores. I want a refund!
 Thus far, this iron performs very well just like the many reviews indicated on Amazon. It is perhaps the best iron we have vert had.
 I like the iron so far, the features it offers are amazing, like being able to steam a garment that is hanging. I purchased a used "like new" one and was a little disappointed that the one I received was no where near new, it was very worn. Some of the labels on the different knobs and buttons are wearing off and came like this. Also, the metal plate was covered in a white crusty film when I took it out of the box. It seems like it was used with some kind of fabric starch or something and never cleaned. I've managed to clean it all off but was a little irritated that it came in that condition. I have no problem purchasing used products but I feel it could have been cleaned a little bit. I absolutely love the iron though, it heats really quick and does exactly what I want it to do. I have had no issues with water or steam yet. I like that it will automatically shut off after a certain amount of time- I am always nervous about heat sources being left on. Also, the front of the iron comes to a perfect point, it is small enough to get in the nooks and crannies and I have had trouble with other irons not doing that. I can iron a dress shirt perfectly in just a few minutes! Yay for no more ironing pile of clothes!!
 Very, very nice.  Easy to use and does a great job as a steam iron.
 It's a little top heavy and has fallen over, so I must be careful not to set it down on the cord.  Otherwise, it steams well and does a great job.  Has great features in that I can chose how much steam to use.  It is heavy enough that I don't have to put any pressure on the fabric like you might have to with lighter weight irons.
 I sew a lot and this is a blessing iron!!  Must have the right equipment to do a good job.  This iron ROCKS!!
 Works very well and has a nice design.
 It took a while to find an iron that my 'better half' loves. The bargain brands would leak or fail prematurely. This is one rugged iron that stands above the rest. Thank you Rowenta.
 A #1 buy
 What a fabulous iron!  My old SHARP iron, while great, finally quit working after many years and I was reluctant to try another brand.  This Rowenta is better than the Sharp and works wonderfully.  I am still one of those people who like to press my clothes and this makes it so much easier and faster than ever.  Love the product.  Great vendor - thanks A+++
 I use my iron everyday for my sewing and quilting projects. This is the best iron I've ever had. Glides effortlessly, doesn't spit or leak. Even beats my last Rowenta which I used for 20 years.
 I like this darn iron so much that I no longer take my husband's shirts to the cleaners.<br/>I put on an audio book and iron them myself.
 This is an awesome iron!! Well worth the money! I would recommend this iron.
 This iron is the best.  My wife loves to iron her quilting projects with this.  Used for nothing other!!  :)
 Everyone likes it
 This is a great iron.  I use it both vertically with the steam and flat, like a standard iron.  Lot's of steam holes, easy gliding face, and easy to handle.  It's not too heavy either.  Highly recommend.
 Wonderful iron.  Makes a job that I really hate (ironing) a lot easier.
 I am a quilter and there is alot of pressing that is done. This iron has 400 steam holes and does a fabulous job of pressing through multiple layers of fabric.
 Love this iron &amp; all of it's wonderful features! Great price also!!
 Great iron....lots of steam.  Nice weight.  Easy to use.
 I've wanted a Rowenta iron for years and when this was made a Amazon special I got it. I love it and wish I had not made myself wait so long!
 Takes a few mins to heat up. But great quality.
 Love this iron! My first Rowenta and I'm sure it will last for many years.
 Best iron I have ever used. i love it!
 I love these products so much, that I have one on every floor of my house.  One for me on the top floor, in the Bedroom Suite, one to use on the mail floor, for my drop down ironing board in the laundry room, one for my guests to use, in the lower level of the house!
 After 2 month it stopped working. I’m very disappointed with this product.
 I've wasted money on cheap irons.  You get what you pay for.  This iron is sturdy and a substantial weight.  The very narrow tip makes it easier to get around seams and buttons.  It heats very quickly.  It's my 2nd Rowenta iron, and I loved the 1st one as well.  I had to replace it because I dropped it off the ironing board too many times.
 Really like this steam iron. I had one before that I had purchased from Bed Bath &amp; Beyond. No deep discount here it was around the same cost.
 GREAT iron. The best I've ever had. Would buy another one in a heartbeat.
 Like the weight of the DW5080, not light but is fine for me.
 good  works great
 It leaked the first time I used it and a week later still drips
 This iron stopped working in less than two years!! For the price I would expect it to last longer.
 our old Rowneta finally cracked and broke.  Like this one better.  It's heavier and stays upright better.
 Fantastic Iron.  The iron gets really hot and it really steams as you iron.  I iron and starch my bed sheets each week and this iron gets hot enough to smooth the sheets quickly.
 Really puts out the steam!  Nice narrow tip for getting in corners or around buttons.
 I would not change one feature on this iron.  I do sewing and quilting and it does exactly what it is supposed to do.  Good weight, accurate temp settings, easy to use, lots of steam! Definitely get the made in Germany models for a quality product.
 I hate ironing, but this iron makes things much easier. I would highly recommend it. If you are tired of ironing, check out the Jiffy steamers. Under $200 and I haven't had to iron for months!
 Smooth glide across fabricExcellent wrinkle removing in less time than my heavy Shark brand iron and the steam is I pretty  continuous ironing much faster and easier and the steam shot bottom is so easy to push. No sore hands and thumbs as before. I hated ironing before. Now it's actually not a bad chore. Feels like I actually accomplish something now
 Best iron ever. Well worth the purchase.
 This iron is just a little heavier than my old one but after reading many reviews I believe I choose the right one.
 I never knew what a difference a good iron could make.  I rarely iron, so I have always used a $20 iron I grabbed off the shelves at Walmart.  Having given that one away, I did a bit of review reading before choosing to purchase this model.  Now I enjoy ironing, the results are better and it takes less time.
 I love this iron.
 Excellent in every way. My housekeeper spends a bit more time ironing, she loves the iron so much.
 Good product, good price, fast shipping.  This is a quality iron and replaced a previous model which was approximately ten years old.
 Great quality, nice feel when using, and powerful steam ironing.  Water reservoir has good, practical capacity.  Makes dreary old ironing a little less so.
 I have had many of these irons over the years and they last. My last one was over 8 years old. This unit is like steam engine and is built with superior quality. If you want the best iron you can by this one takes the cake. I iron on a daily basis.
 Puts my old Hamilton to shame!
 This is a nice iron with good steam. It seems to work great so far. its a little heavy, but feels sturdy.
 Heats up super quick (under one minute fornhottest setting). Great steam features.
 This is the best quality iron I have ever used.  Excellent German engineering.
 Best Iron I ever had!
 Awesome. It has sped up my ironing significantly. Saves time. Does leak water sometimes but didn't I was able to avoid it by keeping iron horizontal throughout the ironing (used a silicon iron pad). It was able to handle wrinkled jeans and linen with ease.
 Excellent performer. Owner's manual leaves a bit to be desired...tiny, tiny  print and slightly unclear in places. Very picky about which water is recommended. Self-cleaning feature is great.
 A little more expensive then other brands, but does a very good job, This is the third Rowenta purchased to date and as expected, great quality. A little heavy, but that was what we were looking for.
 THIS IS THE BEST AND GREATEST IRON I HAVE EVER BOUGHT. GOSH THE STEAM IS OUTSTANDING AND IT GETS THE JOB DONE IN A FLASH.<br/>STOP SPENDING YOUR MONEY ON JUNK IRONS AND GET THE BEST ON THE MARKET. THANKS ROWENTA!!!!
 Solid construction!!, good handling, plenty of steam.
 So nice and priced right for all it's functions. So fancy, i don't want to actually use it! But i will.
 Love this iron it has good weight to it and great features to press all types of fabrics .
 This iron has a nice glide, holds lots of water for steam, does a great job.  Now comes the hard part.  How long will it last?<br/>The only negative is that it seems a little heavier than I like.
 I have never owned such a wonderful iron.  I love to sew and have a new granddaughter to sew for.  I ironed one of my husband's white dress shirts with it and it looked better than the job the dry cleaners do.  I look forward to many enjoyable days of sewing and ironing.  Now I am going around the house looking for things to iron!
 Awful. Broke down after a year. DO NOT BUY.
 Excellent.  Very pleased.
 I bought my first Rowenta in the 90's while taking a sewing class. The instructor was very adamant about investing in a Rowenta and I have no regrets. This second iron I bought was for a back up since my first one it still working. I love this one just as much, the steam ironing is incredible. I having been ironing since I was about 10 years old. Helping my mother iron Khaki Uniforms for my 3 brothers. How I wish I  had a Dream Iron 50 years ago.
 Work perfectly, I love it for that price. Something I like a lot if the auto turn-off feature, great for people like me that forget to unplug it.<br/><br/>The only thing that I don't like so far is that one time I let the iron in horizontal position and it leaked water all over the place.
 its a really good steam iron. the water drains quickly and must be refilled often. the on off buttons are worthless, it shuts off automatically even if i don't want it to. as an iron without steam, it is no better than my twenty year old sunbeam. it is no hotter. that is my major complaint. i always keep it on high, and it seems to get cooler as i use it. it works for now. one day i hope to get a hotter one. this one seems like a safety iron. the cord never wraps well for storage. i will probably use it for a while before i have to get a new one. but i will research it better before i buy my next. it is good steam iron. it has extra buttons for steam burst ahead/infront of the iron and another for under the iron. no complaints on that. i should give it four stars, but i am too disappointed in the max temp and want a better one.
 works as desired , good price
 Find it a bit heavy and complicated though seems well made
 This is our second one (gave the first to family member) both excellent.
 This iron handles well and has great steam.
 I had one of these irons and loved it for years.  was happy to another one at a discounted price.  Thought it would be the same color as the one pictured, similar to my current color.  received a dark purple, mauve colored one.  Hard to read the water level.  would return it but not worth my time or expense.  plus i need an iron that works and it does work.
 Great iron at a great price.  Shopped around at retail stores and this was my best option.  Heats up quick and produces a lot of steam if you want
 My wife likes this iron. It works pretty good.
 We like Rowenta stuff. I hope it lasts.
 Best iron I have owned!  This thing saved me when we had bedbugs, the steam from it is incredible.  Have had it at least 6 months and love it.  Thank you
 Great iron. i press clothes and fabric all the time. Lots of steam.
 I had used a cheap Rowenta model made in China ("Effective" model) for years bought from Bed/Bath, and finally got sick of going over my dress clothes repeatedly to get out wrinkles. THIS IRON IS LEGIT. All it takes is one pass to get out even the toughest wrinkles, even with linen clothes it is fabulous. HIGHLY RECOMMEND. Well worth the money.
 I used to have a sunbeam iron.  I think we paid like 8 dollars for it.  I had used it for years and always felt it did a good job.  Then I bought this.  Now I know that my previous 30 years of ironing had been a lie.  This is hands down the best iron I have ever used.
 Home
 I had a Rowenta die on me after 14 years.  This Rowenta is an improvement over the previous one in almost every way.  Steam volume is phenomenal for those tougher wrinkles/fabrics.  The design is sleek and its nose fits into tighter areas around buttons much better than most irons Ive used.  The only slight criticism is the noise level of the steam.  With all the steam power it is not a quiet iron when using steam on full.  Overall, love this iron and I should as I paid a premium for it.
 Sturdy, heavy, and heat is high
 Undoubtably best steam iron I've owed to date. Makes easy work of my heavy duty work pants.
 Never thought that I would be spending $80 plus dollars on a iron. Sooooo worth it! This is a solid "German" machine.<br/>Before, ironing clothe was a shore, now is fun, efficient, doesn't leak on your clothe, is a bit heavy but with a reason to deliver an awesome steam leaving nothing but a smooth and/or solid criss in your clothing. I speak highly of this product.
 Worth every penny..  If you iron your stuff, spend the money, its worth it.
 Excellent product, heats up fast , easy to press , over all very happy with the product
 Great iron. Better price than local stores.
 Excelente
 It develops great heat and steam but I find that I have to refill the water tank repeatedly.  I tried to reduce the level of steam but it seems to be either too little or too much even though the settings seem to indicate that midlevel settings exist.
 Wifeysauce likes it, so I'm happy.  Happy wife, happy life, etc...
 This is my 2nd Rowenta - the first last 20+ years - so I'm hoping this one will live up to my expectations!  So far so good!
 Regardless iron, just use spring water if you have well water which is softened
 Fantastic product! My wife does most of the ironing at home but as someone that travels I use tons of Irons in hotels, this thing is absolutely top of the line, best iron i have ever used. I realize that most hotel irons are of basic quality but I am really impressed by the quality. I admit that I have not used many high quality irons but if you need a new iron and want something that performs well this one will suit you.
 My husband actually irons his own shirts now! I personally haven't even used it, because he's so protective over his new iron, which doesn't bother me one bit :) Highly recommended!
 Wow... AMAZING IRON! I love it... it makes ironing a breeze.
 Great iron and puts out a lot of steam.  It's got a bit of weight to it to help with the pressing which I like.  There's no on/off switch so I have it hooked up to an extension cord with a foot press on/off.
 The Wife loves it. Says it's the best Iron she has ever had. High steam output. No issues
 The best iron in the world! All irons are NOT made the same! The first time I heard about a Rowenta, and saw the prices on them, I was definitely opposed. After some convincing, I bought it anyway, and will NEVER own another brand. Super fast shipment. Quality packaging. Superb item!
 My Rowenta bit the dust on Tuesday and received my new iron this afternoon.  Have already tried it and it is working fantastic.  I highly recommend these Rowenta's to everyone.  Love the stainless steel sole plate and made in Germany.
 Glides nicely, and I like the function of the water spout. However, when using spray starch, it sticks to the iron.
 Received this iron months ago and it is still going strong. Best iron ever, there is a reason why it is a best seller. Would buy again!
 Love the iron.  However, the one thing  I am not happy about is that I am not able to read the settings unless there is a lot of light.  The words are too light on a tan background.  Very hard to make out the settings.
 I have owned this for 18 months. It is VERY rarely used. Now when I plug it in- nothing happens. It no longer heats up
 Great sell it to Brazil via USPS no Prepaid Duty!! Premium Quality!
 I am fearfully of irons as I usually burn myself or garment. My housekeeper uses it and has not stopped raving about how good it is. She bought one for herself
 best iron we have had, and not made in China
 and i totally agree. this iron is nicely weighted and easy to use. the steam part works great and it is designed to use regular water instead of only distilled. it is heavy enough to get the wrinkles out and i think the other reviewer was right. it is worth the extra money.
 Really great iron! Powerful. Gets the wrinkles out easily. Steam is forceful. All in all, makes ironing easy:)
 I am very happy with my Rowenta iron. I have one that I have had for many years. They are great irons.
 Rowenta makes some of the best irons. All the steam holes on the iron real do make a big difference and I've noticed that it take me half the time to iron clothes now since the extra steam releases all the wrinkles.
 It's fine.  Now leave me alone and let me iron.
 easy to handle, great heat, nice feel, irons perfectly
 After 8 mths of use its spitting out a ton of calcium and I cannot get it to self clean
 I've had two Rowenta irons and this one is lighter than the last one.  To me, that's a great feature.  Will always buy Rowenta irons from now on as will my friends!
 I have always used a rowenta iron...it is just a matter of how much I want to pay for one.  I love this one with a lot of steam power and the color...OK I am a female, color matters.
 Not sure if anybody could make a better iron. The ergonomics of this iron are great. Use almost any other iron and your feel like the that iron is a toy.
 I am used to the regular irons you buy in Walmart etc. My brother got a Rowenta and when I used it I was flawed. I had to get one. I am very happy with it. Ironing isn't a pain in the butt again.
 Best iron I have ever owned.  Heats quickly.  Great steam.  Just can't say enough good about it.  Doesn't stick to clothing.
 Great heavy weight iron. Doesn't leak water and delivers steam consistently.
 WAS A LITTLE HEAVY BUT WORKS GREAT.  AN ADDED BENEFIT WAS THAT IT USES TAP WATER
 Love this iron! Need to keep remembering to empty the water tank so it doesn't get gunk on the bottom like my old one did.  Nice spray!
 Great Iron, very heavy and seems well made.  A far cry from the cordless iron I had before and the Black and Decker iron before that.  The steam is powerful and it feels good to use.
 This iron changed my life. Before the Rowenta, I had used a $15 black and decker for the past 15 years (ever since college and then some). Old faithful finally had such severe rust build up on the metal plate that it destroyed a white collared shirt of mine. Despite all attempts to clean the b&amp;d, soaking in vinegar, soaking in baking soda, nothing worked and I decided to retire her and search for a new iron. I asked a friend who recommended the Rowenta brand. My friend has the top-of-the-line Rowenta, but I wasn't about to spend that much, so I read some reviews and decided to try the DW5080.<br/>Before the Rowenta, I hated ironing. Shirts would pile up for over a week before I got to them, and the entire process of ironing could take over an hour. Now, the shirts still pile up for a week because of my laziness, but when I iron, it's about 30 minutes for the same amount of shirts! This iron takes regular tap water, no need for special distilled water. She's got a hefty weight, which should be desired in an iron so that the weight helps to hold the shirt down and press out wrinkles. If you're looking for a light travel iron, look elsewhere. But if you're looking for a household iron to last you for the next 20 years, this is it. The steam works wonderfully and although this is just a household tool, she is thoughtfully built (all Rowentas are made in Germany) and handles like a charm. 10/10 would buy again.
 I purchased (2) Rowenta irons.  The other fell apart in under a month.  This one has (thus far) lasted 8 months.  Please note that my family consists of 2 parents and 6 children...so we iron a lot.  This is a good iron that has stood up to near commercial use.
 Powerful, effective iron. It heats up quickly. My main quibble is that the temperature control dial underneath the handle is easily moved by my hand when ironing. Shipping was fast.
 Don't see a lot of difference from cheaper iron
 Lasted less than a year. Very disappointed in Rowena!!
 Good iron, great steam, a bit larger than normal iron, does not fit well in wall ironing board cabinet, will have to modify the cabinet to make it so the door closes completely.
 This is my third Rowenta. I gave my first to a daughter in law and the second I dropped and damaged it. The DW5080 is the best of the lot, stylish, correct weight and heats instantly.
 Steam generation is generous and reliable. so far it works - past Rowenta Irons (3) as well as most others I have used in past years fail after about 2-3 years due to water reservoir tank rupture and leaks (maybe due to "shot of steam" pressures?). More expensive is not any guarantee.
 Works well. Does the job as expected. Nice weight to it to help get wrinkles out faster. Feels and looks sturdy. Cat's already knocked it off the ironing board threes times now with no damage of any kind. Happy I got this one.
 Like most: Steaming, easy gliding over surfaces, tip is great for ironing "corners" on clothes and easy to fill water reservoir.<br/>Like least: NOTHING! This iron is GREAT!!!
 Too hot and spits out nasty brown stuff
 We love a lot about this iron.  Good weight.  The tip is well-designed for getting around buttons, etc.  It's hard to remember to dump the water you haven't used out *every* time so you end up cleaning it more than you'd like.  But overall, an excellent product.
 I am a little frustrated with my brand new Rowenta iron, not in how it performs, but that the instructions are in comic book form, which is the equivalent of learning how to use the product from someone playing charades. There are lots of pictures, but very little copy, and you have figure out what they are trying to say. I get it, they make one booklet for speakers of many languages, and the booklets apply to different models too. But still, plain English might be nice. I may have to call the 800 number if I can't deciper it.
 This iron is a lot larger and heavier than my previous Rowenta, it does deliver a lot of steam; but find I am refilling the reservoir a lot more often and the iron throws off a LOT of heat, making standing and ironing a lot of clothing a hot situation; when the weather warms up, I know I will have to have a small fan to help cool me.
 Good iron but heavy and not impressed for the price.
 I love this iron!  Because of the shape it irons difficult places nicely.  And with the steam it really makes clothes look smooth.  It is a wrinkle free look I've never been able to attain with any other iron.
 I love this iron. It works great.
 This iron is pure quality and does not disappoint. It does use quite a bit of water when using the steam setting, however, that's a small price to pay when you use this no nonsense machine.
 Wonderful steam from this iron. It would be a great iron for quilters as it’s quite pointed in the front.
 am enjoying my new Rowenta! My third and best
 I have used this model for several years and love it.  Excellent bargain.  Works  great.
 It just doesn't get hot enough for a quilter (I need really crisp pressing of the seam allowances) even on the linen setting. Thinking of returning it . . . .
 Does a great job of ironing; lots of steam
 Bought this afetr my old Rowenta died.  This is a fantastic iron, heats up quickly and the steam flow is amazing.  Highly recommended!
 Really like this. I wish it would have a buzzer or sound when it goes off. Works well. Easy to use.
 Best iron I've ever purchased in my life.  It's a keeper!
 Good iron.  Too heavy for me so returned.
 Good steam output. Large reservoir. Irons out wrinkles quickly. Easy to maneuver. Heavier than my last iron but easy to adjust to. Cord never gets in the way of ironing. Irons around buttons and in tight spots easily.
 This is a great iron with substantial weight to it. It steams like a pro. My only issue is that at first, the spray function didn't work. I fixed that by probing the spray nozzle with a needle. Worked fine afterwards. I'm actually excited to iron shirts now!
 Product came DOA! Requesting to send it back.
 This is not a light weight iron. I like all the steam holes, does a nice job
 good iron
 Great!  Tons of steam (which you can dial down); Rowenta irons are a pleasure to work with.  I hesitated on this model only because I thought I didn't want the auto turnoff feature, but now that I see how quickly it reheats, I actually find it a plus.
 German made and so far is working flawlessly. Expensive, but excellent quality. Beware as some other Rowenta models are made in China.
 This was my first iron purchase since my sophomore year in college. I did plenty of research and this one won for me! I've used it plenty of times since first getting it and it's still going strong. It gets plenty hot, has a large water container, and feels very substantial in your hands. I'd highly recommend this to anyone looking for an iron!
 The iron would cool down every time I tried to iron with it only 2 days after my return date had passed.  Seems like a good product would last longer than that.
 so far no complaints.  Heating up the steam takes longer than I had expected, and adding water would frequent caused over spill.  Otherwise, I would have give it a 5.
 5 Stars Great  steam iron, worth the price.
 I initially balked at paying this price for an iron but I am glad that I did it. Ironing clothes is now easier, faster and better. Worth every penny you paid for it.
 I bought this based on the review &amp; comments. A broken piece was delivered to me. I will share more reviews once i get a replacement. I am giving a 3 star because of how the product is build &amp; its features.
 Works great for my quilting projects.
 Great iron! Bought one before and this was for a friend.
 Best iron I have ever owned hands down.  Worth the price!
 Great Iron, Highly recommend it.. Size is perfect, Heats quickly...
 Looks expensive and works very well!
 I have purchased a Rowenta years ago and loved that one.  It did finally poop out on me.  So I saw this one on Amazon at a great price and I purchased.  I can truly say the best iron I have ever used. It gets every tiny little wrinkle out of the cotton shirts I  iron for the hubby for work.  Looks professionally ironed. Great stem and takes me 1/3 to 1/2 less time to iron a shirt..Loving this.. :)  Also my son who irons his own clothes..can't believe how well this works. He said" Why did you not buy this one sooner".
 Yes, This iron does a great job ironing however we've had it for only 5 weeks and the plastic door hinge to the water holding area broke and it is NOT covered by its warranty (Note: the little plastic hinges were not broken by excessive force of trying to close the door-the hinges broke while I was Opening the door so that I could fill it with water). If you read carefully, the manufacturer's warranty states that it covers only INTERNAL defects and the water compartment door is an OUTSIDE part.<br/>So, it worked great for 5 weeks but now is useless to me and I'm out the cost of it completely. You would think that a company who prides themselves so much in their products would stand behind them when broken after only 5 weeks.
 After ten years, my previous Rowenta iron died.  I replaced it with the DW5080, and I have used it twice.  The DW5080 is an amazing iron, and it is price right from Prime.  The iron has just the right features for my use, and it is light weight.
 This iron is off the charts. I didn't know what an iron could do until I plugged this one in. Works wonders on wrinkled clothes. I don't know how I ever lived without it!
 Let’s see how long it lasts. New rowenta customer.
 Ironing clothes
 Best iron I've ever used. We bought this after my old iron (also Rowenta) had an electrical short. I thought I was buying a similar iron but this is far superior to my old one. It's got some weight behind it and a very pointy tip for collars, etc.
 I got this Iron and worried that I spent to much.  I DIDN'T!!!  Its the best iron I've ever used! I expected it to be better than any of my pasted  irons, but it surpassed my expectations!  Ironing does seem to go faster and I tried it on my husband diem jacket, just to see how it did. None of my past irons really did anything, but now the pockets lay down nice and neat.
 Very easy to operate.
 Love this iron. It's heavier than my last iron but I like it being heavier. Glides across garment easily and steam function is superb. Definitely would recommend and purchase again.
 Solid and well built iron with a lot of steam.
 very nice product
 Love this iron!
 Really really nice works well
 Best iron for your money! Comes with a steamer, auto off function, and a little pouring cup. Make sure to use filtered water! You won't want calcium deposits inside your iron.
 Great iron!  Huge improvement from my last iron.  It has multiple holes, which allow and even amount of steam to be disbursed.  My clothes are ironed quickly and look crisp!
 Very nice quality, works great, heavy, not much effort in ironing. I would recommend this iron
 It's not the quality of my old Rowenta.  I just hope it doesn't start leaking water like my last two Rowenta irons.<br/>Rowenta needs to get this problem with their irons resolved.  If it happens again, I'm going for another brand.
 Awesome..... it’s worth to buy
 Wow!  now THIS is an iron!  Heats quickly, enough heft to feel like you are getting work done.  Powerful steam and burst of steam is superb.  Should have invested in one years ago.  Worth every extra penny.
 Absolutely love this product! Iron heats fast and definitely loving the strong steam!
 A little heavy for my liking
 works great. heavier than expected
 I'm having trouble with my iron. It will not glide over th clothes. It's like sticky, I've wiped it clean so there is no residue on it. Rowena is th only brand I have used &amp; don't hv these problems! Can I exchange it?
 I have had a lot of Rowentas, but this one is the best because of the anti-calc function. We live in a rural area and have hard, well water. That's why I bought this particular model, and it's performed admirably!
 The iron works as you would expect a Rowenta to work, however, this models auto shut-off needs some work.  It has shut off the iron several times while in use over the two months I've owned it.  If it continues, I intend to return it.
 We bought this iron at Christmas for a gift for my niece to iron her scrubs for work.  If you have to do a tedious job, it's best to find the most effiecient way!  She is very happy with her iron and says it makes "quick work" of ironing her scrubs.
 Love this brand this is the third one i’ve Purchased.
 Have used for about 5 years now and have never had a problem.  Really nice iron.  Heats up very fast.
 I've had this iron for a while, so now I'll post my comments.  As an iron, it performs very well and I'm quite pleased with it.  However, there are a few items that bother me and I think could be improved.  I don't particularly like instruction booklets that are composed mostly of small picture symbols<br/>that have to be recognized and/or interpreted without any written description.  I suppose they can't be bothered to print a booklet in multiple languages.  The fill hole for the water (for steam) is extremely small.  After a few attempts to fill using a beaker with pour spout that spilled over as it couldn't be poured slowly enough to go through the hole, I switched to a hair coloring dispenser that has a very small nozzle (you squeeze the water into the hole . The advantages to using it, is that one can fill the iron when vertical.  It does take a while but no spills, also one can watch when it is close to the maximum fill line (if you fill horizontally, you have to upend the iron to check how full  it is.  My last comment is regarding the wheel that sets the temperature.  The wheel moves too easily so it can be changed just by handling the iron when maneuvering the angle of the iron (and I don't have big hands).  Hopefully, I hear the click or two and reset it.  Which leads to my last comment, the fabric markings that the wheel points too are not very easy to read.  They are white on beige and cannot be seen without lifting the iron to where there is a good light to read by (when you have transition eye glasses, you have to look through the correct part of glasses to read small/difficult print).  One last comment, you really have to be careful when ironing two layers (be sure everything is totally smooth) so that you don't put a very effective crease on the underneath layer.  Not everything can be ironed as a single layer. All in all, a good iron but improvements could be made.  Despite many years of practice, I'm still not an expert ironer.
 Way overpriced for what you get.
 I needed a new iron for quilting and after reading many reviews settled on this one.  So far so great! Good value for money, warms up quick.  It will auto shut off but not so quick that I'm having to reset the iron after every quilt piece.
 The sharp point allows you to get into the tight corners. The power steam is strong. Best steam iron weve had so far.
 Amazing step up from a regular iron. The amount of steam coming from all those holes is crazy.
 We really like this iron. The reason for four stars, it's heavy! But, it does an excellent job! Well worth it.
 Finally a good iron!  Works great!
 it heats up really fast and very lightweight.  Just don't like that the water/steam seem to use up really fast and I kept filling water during ironing.
 I can tell a huge difference in the way clothes look when I use this iron as compared to other models. I bought it because I was spending a lot having things professionally done and a seamstress friend recommended this brand/model. Once I figure out the starch, they will look as good as the cleaners.
 Sadly I have now bought this iron twice!  I dropped the first one and broke it.  I liked it so much I came and bought the same thing again!  Great iron.  Only thing I was sad to see was that the little pitcher that came with it before is no longer there.
 Awesome totally worth the money you won't regret the extra money will last a lifetime German engineering!!!
 Best iron. Occasional excess water drip with steam use.
 This is my 2nd or 3rd one, I am like eveyone else I dont like to iron, But this makes the job faster and easier.. You get what you pay for.
 Great Iron wroks well
 I iron everything but underwear and sheets! This is the best iron I've ever owned!! I love it!!
 Good name brand, but mine leaked and was sent back.
 Item shipped quickly and the iron definitely works great.
 Having used a Rowen for over ten years it took a little getting use to where my thumb needed to be placed on the new handle.  It seems that I had more handle room because the steam and spray button were not as large.  However, the water refill is much superior preventing spillage while refilling.  Also, the base for standing the iron on is large thus less probability of tipping over.
 Had not owned or used an iron for YEARS but got sick of throwing our clothes in the dryer to get out wrinles. This iron heats quickly, never spits out that old brown water, and is comfortable in your hand.
 Unfortunately, the spray on the iron leaked. I returned it, after several attempts of trying to see what the problem was I found the water leaking out just below the spray nozzle.
 LOVE THIS IRON, it is hotter than the one I used before, it will iron placemats and table cloths extremely well.  The holes help spread the steam.
 This iron is so pretty, and feels great to use. I do a fair amount of ironing, and quality does make a difference if this is the case. I would recommend.
 I already use a Rowenta iron which I love and got this for a backup. Makes great steam when tested.
 This thing is a beast. It gets the job done fast the first time.
 I've purchased 2!!! Top of the line superior product.
 I'd go with 5-star but the iron is German made so the symbols, instructions are not familiar for us.
 Iron is great. The tip makes it easier to iron corners. The steam is strong and full force. I iron my clothes everyday and love using this product.
 Wow.  Best iron I have ever used.  Only negative is the price.
 very nice works great.
 modern and condensed, but efficient.
 I love this iron! One swipe across and the wrinkles are gone.  Saves so much time.  No problems using it at all.
 okay
 Excellent!
 Bought this for my mom over the holidays. It's superb. I just moved out on my own and went with a highly-rated ~$25 iron and it gets the job done but I sorely miss the satisfying solidity of this iron and the powerful bursts of steam.
 Best iron ever!
 What a difference a QUALITY iron makes!!! Love this Rowenta iron! Was disappointed in the past buying cheaper brands that would not last. This Rowenta DW5080 is powerful and impressive!
 Nice product but shipped in completely inadequate packaging. It was very lucky to survive shipping without damage. While it appears to be working  I hope the rough ride does not effect the life of the product.
 What better gift for a mom who spends hours ironing in a given month. Quality and Made in Germany
 I couldn't be happier with my new iron.  I've been married 47 years and several irons thru the years.  This is my first Rowenta and I honestly couldn't be happy.  I am sold on Rowenta.
 Well worth the money even at full price. I thought I had a fantastic iron for $50 that had excellent reviews but it doesn't even compare to this rowenta. Even though it says to use tap water, use distilled water if you want to extend its life.
 Works as described. I like the idea that it takes tap water and gives expert tips.
 Some of the reviews state that the iron leaks.  Well it will leak if you fill it with water and do not have the heat setting high enough for steam (duh).  That is the only way it will leak.  Great amount of steam.
 Works good.
 love this iron best iron i have ever bought steam is wonderful
 Easy to use with this price. Don't need to use distilled water to prevent build up sediments. Very  Light weight with good safety features
 This puts the steam in steam irons.  I was truely amazed by this product.  Not only is it beautiful but the weight and overall quality was behond compare. I highly recommend this item to anyone looking for a truely superior product.  First rate all the way.
 Better quality than my previous Rowenta irons.
 100% as represented.  Very easy/convenient in-use and vastly superior to previous Rowenta (7 years) that it replaced.  Would buy again.
 I absolutely love this iron.  it takes all the work out of ironing. It is very good quality and the amount of steam holes is unbelievable.  Plan on purchasing another for gift.  Would HIGHLY recommend.
 This is a great iron.  Hefty, well made, heats up fast and creates lots of steam. The stainless steel sole plate glides over all fabrics.  The difference between this iron and my previous Panasonic iron is night and day.  This one will probably outlive me.  Worth the price but above all it makes ironing a pleasure... never thought I'd say that.
 I love this iron. Rowenta irons have been with me since I lived in New York in the 60s. I won't ever give up on them.
 I have this model, purchased here on Amazon on 1 June 2014.  It's no longer usable as of this week.  It's spitting water and on certain fabrics that get a water stain, the entire garment has to be washed to get rid of it otherwise it leaves a mark.<br/><br/>This is either my 3rd or 4th Rowenta (can't really remember).  None of them have lasted more than 2 years, tops.  Either it stops making steam all together or it just spits and/or leaks water.  I will admit that I iron daily, sometimes twice.  Still, I expect it to last longer than 1-2 years.<br/><br/>Been married 33 years and the best iron I ever owned was my very first one.  It was a very inexpensive Sunbeam that only died after 20 years because it was dropped.<br/><br/>They don't make anything to last anymore - why would they when companies like this know we'll need to purchase a new one when their poor quality one dies?<br/>UPDATE:<br/>Against my better judgement bought this same one as a replacement in April '17.  Just died here end of Aug.<br/>That will be my last purchase of a Rowenta.  Not worth the money as they do not last.<br/>***********************************************************************************************************************************<br/>I paid $81 dollars for this last year and I see today it's a bit cheaper at $69.  I've researched some of their more expensive ones but truthfully, I'm not happy with the reviews for any of them.<br/><br/>I've tried other brands in the past 10 years or so but wound up returning those immediately as it spit water almost from day one.<br/><br/>I know I'll probably wind up buying yet another one of this brand but I'm unsure if I'll waste the additional money to buy one of the $100 + ones.  Reviews on some of them don't have them lasting any longer than this one.
 This iron really takes out the wrinkles.The burst of steam is really powerful. Iron is light weight and easy to use, and to fill with water
 Just started using it, I'll let you know in a couple of weeks!!!!
 This iron is really good and looks expensive! Awesome product.
 German engineering at its finest. There are over 200 steam vents compared to the 20 or so on our old one. I bought the more expensive model because it's actually made in Germany, not China.
 I bought this because my last iron was a Rowenta and lasted decades. This is a good iron, BUT the knob with the settings is right where your fingers wrap around the handle and virtually every time I use the iron I move that settings knob. I’m usually ironing cotton or linen but if I were ironing a delicate fabric this could cause some problems. I have to return the setting to where I want it with just about every stroke. I’m going to try to find a different way to hold the his iron so I don’t hit that settings knob. It’s such a dumb thing but you can’t forget it because when you move the settings knob you hear the click of the settings knob. The designers were what? Indifferent? But I’m keeping it because it’s a pain to send stuff back and it’s small, which I like. It might not be the product for an individual with a beefier hand. In that case I would keep the packing material until I gave the iron a good test run.
 Love my new iron! It's nice and heavy and does not spit water on the clothes.
 Love this iron.  Cut my ironing in half because it does the job so good.  Unbelievable amount if steam  Oy thing is it is a little heavy but that's not a problem because it glides so easy across the clothes. Best iron  I have ever had.
 Ok, so...are there any other irons that have 300-400 holes?!! I don't enjoy ironing but love it with this thing. My clothes look so good, no leaking and loads of steam. I will never buy another iron from another company. It is absolutely amazing and ironing hasn't been easier.
 This iron out does itself.  We love it.  We will never buy anything else.
 My $25 old Philips (not sold anymore due to coated plate) get hotter than this. Was a little disappointed by it.
 Even though it's heavier than other vacuums, the powerful steaming makes it faster.  The best iron I've ever owned.
 Great Iron at a great value! High quality and easy to use. Very happy with purchase.
 Amazing iron. Best iron I’ve ever owned.
 My wife loves this iron. It heats quickly and still doesn't allow material to stick to it.
 Rowenta was my favorite iron for many years. However the last 3 I have purchased leak after about 6 months.
 awesome iron!
 Powerful..
 Love this iron! Great product
 The best ever purchased
 As long as you follow the instructions , don't use distilled water or RO water. Use the self clean setting from time to time , it will not leak or drip ! Great quality and great performance !
 This iron is replacing an older model Rowenta that we had. This one heats up fast and has pretty good results. The shape/design of the iron itself is a bit odd compared to the old one, but it works. Only complaint that I have is that it spits a bit when the water tank is in use.
 Used it for the first time on some Cotten pants and it ironing so easy
 Love my new Rowenta. Two down sides - the cord in back hits my arm when ironing it should be placed on the side- it is a little heavier than I was hoping.  But it works beautifully and I would recommend it
 It’s the best kind, it’s an investment especially after throwing so many cheap ones.
 Doesn’t come with a water container. Does the job I guess
 It is not that I dislike a Rowenta, I don't!  They are very good irons, however, this one I had issues with.  In the first place, whoever supplied this iron, sent me a used iron with scratches on the soleplate and clearly it was used.  I plugged the iron to try it and it spit out calcium deposits.  I have since purchased a "new" one and I love it.
 Love this iron. I still iron my sheets and my wrist does not get tired of ironing. An excellent iron. This was a replacement for another Rowenta I had for 16 years!
 Darn good iron. Heats up fast and has an auto-off
 The best iron we have ever purchased. Well worth the purchase price.
 Nice iron.  Operates as described.
 Works great.  I do a lot of sewing and machine embroidery and it does everything I need it do.  Heat up fast and has lots of steam.  And it's great for everyday ironing too.
 great iron, just what I was looking for
 This is a terrific iron.  The slender tip makes ironing around buttons extremely easy.  The steam makes ironing a breeze. Comfortable to hold and a very stable base.
 Made in GERMANY, good.
 Best iron ever! It heats up fast and the steam is strong. Making ironing cloth much more enjoyable.
 Her old Rowenta steam iron finally gave up the ghost. I repaired the cord once before and she decided on a new one. This is the one she wanted and I dutifully bought it a Amazon. Since getting it she has not complained once making me a happy husband. I recommend this iron to any husband that likes peace and tranquility. I asked her to review this review and she says she loves this iron.
 This is the second Rowenta I purchased for my wife, the first was made in China and lasted 4 years. She dropped it and the steam switch broke but still works. This one was made in Germany and she said it is awsome.
 Had this iron for over a year now and it is still working as new.  Really easy to handle and wrinkles come out fast.
 Very good product, made my live easier.
 Leaks water
 The Rowenta DW5080 Focus Steam is excellent.  There is plenty of steam even at the very tip to get to hard to reach places.  I had tried one before I bought this and have been very pleased. My son has ordered one too!
 Nice iron. Great steam.
 excellent iron
 Great
 All my irons are Rowenta they make a good product
 Bought as a gift for my daughter and she, as an avid sewer, loves it.
 When choosing an item such as iron we went to consumer reports and other location all over the web in order to figure out which is the best. We narrowed down to this one as one of the best iron's on the market today. It works well. We are very<br/>happy with our purchase.
 tap water accepted (if soft enough), heats quickly, great steam, slides easily along fabric - I don't have much experience with irons or ironing, but after reading and researching this iron was my choice and I'm very happy with it so far.
 I just love my new iron.  I finally have a good steaming iron.  I do a lot of ironing through the week.  My husband has a lot of cotton shirts and this iron makes my job get done a lot faster than before.
 Heats up quick and is very simple to use.
 Works great.
 I feel like it leaks water from the hand grip area. other than that, it works great.
 When I meet a woman I want... I let her hold my Iron.
 High quality iron.
 Rowena make the best irons in the world. If you buy one make sure it has the "Mad in Germany" stamp on it. Only little negative thing: the cable roll up is not to thought through.
 returned
 Best iron I’ve ever owned
 I love this iron - I like a heavier iron that gets hot and glides across my clothes.  I initially bought a cheaper Rowenta and did not like it - this one was perfect.
 Best iron we have ever owned.  Would like a retractable cord - but the totL package is great.
 Didn't realize how poorly my old iron was preforming.  This one is amazing.
 So far so good
 Perfect in any way! Would always purchase a Rowena again!
 Ver Good
 Just love this iron.  It is light weight and I love the safety features on it as well.
 The iron was slow to heat, and then it started leaking within one week. This is the last Rowenta I will buy.
 I love Rowenta - this is the second iron and I love it.
 Super Iron, it is just great.  It is not too heavy to tire your arm.  I have had more than a few irons, but I believe this one is one of the nicest, if not the nicest I have ever had.
 The best I've had.
 We use an iron every day, sometimes multiple times. This Rowenta is awesome. Ours has survived multiple falls from the ironing board and still works like a champ, and it's several years old. Skip the discount store junk and get this one.
 This iron is AWESOME
 Works great
 Fast delivery. Great iron
 Encantada
 Fantastic.....love Rowenta irons........they make iron easierl.
 This. Is a very nice iron that replaced a Rowen take that started to sputter and spit. Come to find out,  I  should have been emptying the water after each use. I shall do this from now on. I have no complaints so far!
 Incredible production of steam, and the ability to use tap water (not distilled) are wonderful qualities.  I no longer need a spray bottle to wet clothing prior to ironing.  The iron is fairly heavy.  I view that as a positive, but some might not.
 Great iron. Love the smaller tip. Heats fast.
 The only downside about this product that I have is that it is so easy to change the setting while I'm ironing. I wish they had been placed in a different location or a little harder to turn the dial.
 Wife says great ++++++
 I love it.  I have  had a iron for over 5 years.  This one so easy to use, light, and the steam is EXCELLENT.
 This iron heats up very quickly, I love the steam function, overall great product, I would recommend to pay more for a great iron like this one
 Water inside iron spills from steam holes to fabic while ironing. Ironing takes twice as long using this model. Extremely frustrated.
 Great iron for the price. Easy to handle does a good job. The big durprise was no distilled water required
 I had my old iron for over a decade so it was time for a new one.  This one -Rowenta - gives a professional look to everything I iron.  Takes out creases like a dream.
 Great overall iron. Overtime (6 months of daily use) I feel it doesn’t steam as consistently. No complaints about the design. I like the tip, it helps get small areas you want to flatten.
 Rowenta is known for producing superior products and this iron definitely holds true to the brand. The 400 steam holes make ironing a pleasure. It heats up quickly and uses energy efficiently. Very satisfied with the iron and would recommend!!
 Rowena are excellent products
 I love it! Works great! Heats up fast!
 Works Great!
 Love love love my iron ty ... Best iron ever ... Fastest shipping ever thank you so much I recommend this iron to anyone
 It's ok. It does get hotter than a Walmart iron but still not hot enough.
 The best iron in my whole 34 years of living!!
 Great iron.  Works great.  Does not hiss and spit like our old one.  Steam feature is great.  Would definitely buy again
 Heavier than I expected. Works well.
 A great iron...Love it
 Shipping was very fast. The iron is great! I like the visual instructions. Have to refill the tank a few times if you are using the steam, but it ironing faster than my previous iron which didn't use so much steam. The pointed tip is doing great job on small details.
 I have tossed a couple of irons.  I do my own shirts and pants.  My wife works hard enough at her job, so I have learned to iron.  4 minutes per shirt, in 20 minutes, I have 5 done.  This iron works great.  The Sunbeam didn't catch it for me.  Neither did the Black and Decker.  When I got this one, I forgot about the rest.  I am not too fussy, so what irritates me might not you...but this one at least seals the water in the iron tight.  It isn't leaking out through some orifice or poorly fitting snap on cover.  I see this as a very good iron.  Pretty well thought out.  Not necessarily light, but my wife uses it and she is a regular gal....So, hope this helps.
 Changed my ironing game!
 Far exceeded my expectations..lighter weight than I thought it would be, great steam power.  Love the burst of steam and the large range of fabrics you can iron without hurting them.
 After 5 months of once-per-week use, it just stopped working. I believe the problem is that the ball socket where the power cord attaches to the iron has come loose. I never dropped it or anything. Now you have to wiggle the cord in order to get even a flicker of power, but it doesn't stay on. Honestly it's a really good iron while it lasted, but deserves zero stars if it lasts only 5 months. Amazingly, I wrote to Amazon and they shipped me a replacement unit for free! Five stars for Amazon. Zero stars for the iron.
 Very happy with this iron.  The only thing I don't like is the rubber on the heel of the iron.  Once it's set down, you can't slide it to or away from you.  Other than that, it has a great amount of steam and the tapered front makes it easy to get in between the buttons.  Recommend it highly.
 Solid feel to the iron. good quality.
 This is my third Rowenta, cannot go wrong with a Rowenta, especially this model, very pleased with purchase, very good quality and functionality.
 The only iron to own!
 This iron is wonderful.  The steam makes ironing a joy rather than a job.  I have had other Rowentas and this is the best one yet.
 It has a great steam power which I like. Plus it is heavy so you don't have to press hard.  I like the product
 Never thought I'd love an iron, but the Rowenta is by far the best iron I've ever owned.  Nicely balanced and the narrow front makes it very easy to get the shoulders of dress shirts.
 35 year old daughter loved it for Christmas
 I always buy Rowenta Iron's these are the best. We have very hard water where i live and these Irons power threw the hard water so you will get some lime and calcium flakes but after a couple of burst of steam it clears up.
 Best iron we've owned.  Works lightening fast and gets out difficult wrinkles.  It's perfectly shaped to get between buttons and around seams.  And who doesn't love German-made appliances?
 Excellent
 A gift for a friend. He loves this iron!
 Every  shirt band half  you need to refill the water .but other than that it works fine.
 Great product
 I love the iron, but haven't had it long enough, or used it enough, to comment about any possible leaking issues.
 Excellent iron!  Steam function works very well and the iron is light to use.  I'm very happy with this purchase
 THIS IRON IS STARRY GOOD.  IT IS A WATER HOG... BUT IT PRESSES SOME OF MY CLOTHES SO WELL AND EASY, THAT I DO NOT HAVE TO USE STARCH TO GET THAT STARCHED LOOK.
 Hubby loves it!
 This is the best iron I have ever owned. It effortlessly does the job.
 Love it!  Makes ironing almost enjoyable (and who likes to iron, I ask??).  It has a good weight to it in order to make ironing easy and with the large number of vents, it emits a lot of steam.  I had a Rowenta before this one for many years that up and quit one day so I had to replace it.  The cord is a bit longer which is also handy so one is not fighting the cord around the ironing board and filling the water tank is much easier with less spills.  The tip is longer and narrower than my last iron which makes detail ironing easier as well.  Would recommend this iron without question!!
 Love this iron.
 Better than my older Rowenta that cost twice as much!!
 This is my second Rowenta steam tron. I'm a quilter so any iron I use gets an excessive amount of use. I need an iron that I can rely on and that won't spit dirty water all over my work. My first Rowenta lasted me ten years and got me trrough many quilting projects. This product is highly recommended by me and several of my friends who have one.
 works great and a good price
 Light weight iron. Easy to use. From lower temperature non steam settings to the higher temperature steam settings used as instructed my clothes iron up very nice and quickly.
 Well worth the price....top of the line
 This is a great iron, has the right feel and weight to it and make ironing shirts easy.  Best iron I have ever had.
 Lots of steam, water level relatively easy to see, auto shut off.  Perfect iron for clothes and quilting.
 It heats slowly and is very heavy.
 The style and the quality
 The product is ok if it is working, mine cracked in 6 months and the warranty does not cover it. So basically I spent $100,used no more than three times and I have to throw it.
 It is great!  It heats up quickly and the long nose makes it easy to get in tight places.
 Heavy but does an excellent job
 Very nice iron
 great new iron
 The best I've had yet.  so many steam holes!  everything irons out quickly, even the most wrinkled cottons.  Needs to be filled frequently, but I don't care.  Just keep a jar of water handy.  Not too heavy.
 Best iron we've had and sole plate remains untarnished after several years.
 Wife loves it. Daughter coveting it...
 Wonderful iron.
 This is a great iron.  I use it almost every day of the week.  I love the shot of steam feature.  Product arrived quickly and was a good value for the price paid.
 AAA
 I really like this iron but I notice the gold/copper  control plate moves approx 1/8 inch when turning settings. Does anyone else have this same problem?
 This is only the second Rowenta I have had to buy in well over twenty years.  My first one was still working fine, but cord issues and the desire to see how technology had advanced persuaded me to purchas the new one.<br/><br/>Love how it works!
 Absolutely without a doubt this is the best iron we have ever owned!
 so far works as it should for price.
 Only 5 months old and dead as a hammer.  Just stopped working.
 Bought as a gift for my daughter because I so love my Rowenta and hated her Shark Pro when I visited recently.  She says:  Heats up fast; cools down fast; and NO MORE SPITTING!!!!!
 Heats up quickly.  Provides lots of steam.  Has cut ironing time down without any effort.
 Brilliant iron, amazingly easy and fly's over the clothes.  Easy to add water and does not spill.
 I've been using this iron for a little over a month. I iron a lot of my work shirts and the steam and quality of this iron is great! So glad i upgraded to this iron. Only drawback is that I use so much steam that I have to fill the water container frequently but I don't mind.
 Probably the best iron I've purchased yet! Consistent steam and fast heating process. A++
 Love, love, ❤️ love...irons beautifully.
 The wife has had it now for 3 months and we were a bit concerned of the cost but she LOVES it.  Add to that she says it's performance has cut her time ironing.  Big plus!
 Great iron!
 Bought for my Mom. She says it is the best iron she has ever had!!
 My housekeeper isn’t complaining. That’s the best compliment you can get
 Got this for my mother and she LOVES it!
 My son's Christmas present and he loved it!
 This iron is amazing!
 I used to hat ironing my shirts, after this dw5080 i can do the job in 5 minutes in only one stroke<br/>I researched and got another kind at Bloomingdales, and returned next day<br/>to get this one  here. Well worth the money great product and fast shipping.
 Works great!
 I have had a Rowenta iron for many, many years - love them!  The steam is unbeatable.  So far, so good.  No leaking, fingers crossed!
 Steamy and powerful. It gets hot really quickly. I like it.
 best iro ever
 Good product.
 A great iron. Light weight, very accurate.
 Strong steam high temperature and very good design , it is more expensive but trusts me it will save you time and money ( no need for Niagara spray ) .
 I love how this iron makes ironing so effortless. Thanks for a great product!
 Another Rowenta beast.  Works well and does the job.
 It works and seems to be well built. No complaints from the lady I bought it for.
 She loves it,,,
 Love this iron. so much steam and glides very easily across any fabric. I can iron in half the time or less. Loved it so much we bought one for my parents.
 By far the best steam iron I've ever used. I'm extremely particular, more so than 99% of people, and this iron surpassed my expectations.
 Love Rowenta Irons and this works great.  Steam is excellent &amp; shipping was fast.
 Best iron I've ever had. The numerous steam holes and the spray make ironing easier.
 This iron is the best one I have ever owned. It is heavy and does the job 100 percent.
 This iron is awesome!!! I am considering purchasing another one so I'll have it if this one ever goes out!!!!
 I love this iron! The steam is better than any iron I've ever used. I hardly use any starch now so that saves money and time. The narrow point on the front really does make it easier to get around the button and in tight places.  I'm so glad I made the investment. Very much worth the investment.
 After returning from Germany I had to change my 220 v appliances to 110 v. This is an excellent iron, it's light weight but study! It should last at least 10 years.
 Easy to handle, but checking on the water in the tank should be more visible
 This is a great iron that feels like it could last a lifetime.
 Great iron
 Wonderful iron. Lots of steam and heat for quilting.  Very pleased with the ease of use and the ability to wrap the cord on the iron, makes for easy storage.
 Great Iron!!!
 Finally an iron that doesn't spit out water.  I would give it 4 stars but it's hard to see the amount of water due to the fact that the water tank is way too dark to see the marked line.
 Best cheap iron I have ever used.
 I don't know why I can't figure out how to get the steam to be set on all settings. Still, a good iron.
 Just like with ironing boards, I read many reviews before purchasing this iron.  I finally picked this one because it was a little lighter than others (thought that might help my wife), it was reasonably priced compared to some others, and it was rated very high overall.  This is a great iron!  I iron mostly dress shirts, and this iron glides very smooth across high quality cotton fabrics.  It has a nice narrow tip to get into tight spots.  It has a nice size water reservoir, and FINALLY someone made a fill spout wide enough so that you don't have to trickle water into it to fill it.  I haven't really used all the features of it, and no doubt other irons in this class are great too, but I am very happy with this purchase.  I expect it will work great for your all around ironing needs.
 This is the best iron I have ever owned. I would definitely recommend this to anyone that has to use an iron on a daily basis. If your time is considered money then you should consider this to be a very good investment. I save so much time that spending a little extra money has already paid off.
 forget all American irons.  This German model outshines them all.  Heavy, durable, a dream to work with.
 I purchased a Rowena three years ago and really loved it, but it got dropped a few times.<br/>I decided I wanted another one but didn't want to spend as much as I did one the first one.<br/>This one is much lighter and I can actually see how much water is going in.<br/>It is really wonderful.
 Perfect
 Love my new Rowenta.
 Love this iron.  Practically irons the clothes itself.  Very easy to use.
 Love this iron. Really gets the job done quickly. Lots of power and steam.
 HOT n STEAMY
 Seems like the water tank empties faster than usual but weight is good
 Makes the task an easy momentary effort.
 I bought this iron based on all the rave reviews.  I thought paying on the higher end for an iron would give me the quality I wanted. Now after using this iron for 3 month, I am very unhappy with the performance.  The biggest problem is the thermostat keeps clicking on and off in the middle of ironing.  If it clicks off and I do not immediately stop, water drips out of the steam holes.  Very, very frustrating.  I was much happier with my less expensive Black &amp; Decker that unfortunately died after 2 years of much use.  I iron a lot so I need something that works well and is very dependable.  This is not it.
 Iron leaks water all over garments and ironing board pad as soon as product reaches maximum temps
 Great quality. Fast shipping.
 Have been looking for a good iron for a while. I do a lot of it ironing. Husbands dress shirts kids clothes. Highly recommend this iron! The only thing is that it uses a lot of water.
 Quality iron that gives great results. Easy to use.
 Excellent iron... love it
 This us the best Rowenta iron I've owned. Heats fast. Easy to clean. Glad I bought it. Gave been disappointed with other Rowenta irons in the past but not with this one.
 This is a superior iron; built like a tank but not heavy; smooth as silk.  Who knew a great iron could actually make life easier?
 I have had Rowenta irons for years. This one is better than any of the others I have had. I love how much steam it puts out.
 Excellent product. I am super pleased! Thank you. Barbara Trachtenberg
 Best iron I have ever owned
 This is absolutely the best iron I have ever owned/used! It is wonderful! I would highly recommend it !
 I expected better functionality.
 Leaks after not even one year of ownership 😭😭
 Best iron I have bought.  It is not very heavy but works great.
 efficient but heavy
 New to us in 20 years, this DW5080 is an excellent iron for our home use. Easy to use, lite, and performs very well. (and, this model is made in Germany).
 wonderful iron, powerful, light weight
 Everything is as advertised and its light weight is wonderful. A really powerful iron.
 Looks like a Porsche sitting on my ironing board and performs like one!  The steam produced comes in large quantities making it easy to smooth out any wrinkle(s).  Highly recommended!
 German quality iron. Love it.
 good item
 Gave it as a gift.
 rowenta a good iron; lots of steam
 Nice iron with a lot of steam.  The cap on water reservoir prevents leaks.
 I am happy with this product. Works fine!
 This is a great iron.  Had a Rowenta before, and it finally just quit.  Long cord, easy dials, wonderful (!) steam burst.  Lightweight.  Love the auto shutoff.
 Absolutely the best iron we have ever used, a little bit heavy, but that is only a minor complaint.
 Very good, no complaints. Works really well and self clean feature is great.
 Love it, works great, has a heavy weight which is nice with certain products.  Like that the water contained section has a sealed lid, as some irons the hole remains open for spilling.
 Surface a bit larger than what I’m used to. Kept making needless creases when ironing.
 Finally an iron that gets hot enough for cotton!!  I love this iron; however, it is weighty.  I love the way it glides across our clothes.  It's easy to fill with water and the burst of steam is really nice.  So far, it's been the best iron I've ever owned.
 Love, love, love my new iron. I can't believe what a difference it makes!
 This works great! Just as expected!
 Very good and professional feel. A bit large in the base which makes it hard to fit in the ironing board closet.
 Great product!
 This iron works well. I have no complaints.
 A bit heavier than I'd have liked, but works well nonetheless.
 Very fast shipping, item as expected!!
 Very excellent iron.  Nice and hot and plenty of steam.  Love it.
 Well made. Made in Germany.
 My husband thought our new Rowenta was a German carrier prototype when I unboxed it. Really, he thought I bought him a new gadget.  Well, I did in a way.  It is my task to find a way to minimize dry cleaning costs so I bought this Rowenta.  Intrigued by its body, he could not wait to see how it would perform on his shirts -- yes, he irons his own shirts, yay!!  So he first thumbs through the booklet to see if there is any high-tech lingo he needed to learn -- LOL!  He looked at the iron like it was a new model car. . . he's really into this iron.  Then he pulls out a shirt, rechecks the iron's settings, and does one pass of Rowenta on his toughest cotton shirts.  Yeah, Rowenta blew his mind with its body and handling! It's light weight, and irons areas we were unable to get to with other irons we'd previously owned.  He was more impressed when his shirts held form and did not wrinkle or did not wrinkle as much after a day's work. Yes, I'm patting myself on the back because this is an iron that makes men smile too.
 Love this iron!
 I've owned several Rowentas and this is by far the best.  Very professional and irons perfectly.
 This iron is better than I expected! It does everything faster and more efficiently. And it does not leak. So far it is my favorite iron ever.
 A great iron!  This is my second Rowenta iron and  I use it multiple times a week.  Absolutely love it.  Highly recommend.
 I especially love the heft of this iron and the more  pointed tip. Settings are easy.  it does a great job pressing our clothing.  It would be perfect if it had a retractable cord and if the water reservoir view panel was different color...find it hard to check the water level.
 amazing iron! I LOVE IT!
 It does iron and steam good. I'm disappointed that the nose of the iron is not flush with the plate and could possibly snag fabric if not careful. I was surprised with this flaw with this high rated iron and read another review comment the same complaint with pics that is just like my flawed iron. I was also surprised that a water cup wasn't part of the order. I went back and read the description to find the cup wasn't listed, my Walmart cup works fine with this iron. This is a nice iron, but overpriced with the mentioned flaw imo. Really, it's just an OK Iron. Loses one star for the flaw and a second star for no cup and price resulting in a three star iron.
 As a fashion designer who does all her own sewing, a good iron is a must. Rowenta fills the bill. After many previous other brands, this one is perfect. Lots of steam!
 WOW!  I thought my other iron was good until I used this Rowenta.  Superior quality.
 I love, love my new iron.  It is great.
 Love this iron.... It heats up quickly and works excellently well.
 Iron is the best. It is a Rowenta which far exceeds all others,.
 Boyfriend loves this iron and it does a great job!  Arrived quickly and is all it's cracked up to be.
 Lots of steam ports... works well.
 Very nice iron!  Best I have ever had.  It looks complicated, but after 5-10 minutes of reviewing it, I had everything figured out.  Does a nice job.
 this was a very good iron unfortunately my old lady liked it so much she took it home with her.
 Works great!  I owned a Rowenta before and I it lasted about 8 years before it started not heating as well. That being said, it was dropped a few times on the floor as well.
 My husband is an ironing junkie!  He had this model previously until it finally pooped out.  He was VERY excited to have the same model again.
 This iron is great!
 Highly recommended. May be the best I've ever owned.
 This came super fast.  Be always owned Rowenta and for the price this one can't be beat. I've paid more for ones in the past that I've loved but this one I would recommend for sure.  Great steam
 Love it! Great value!!
 This iron is fantastic. It works well with heavy fabrics as well as satin fabrics. I haven't used the continuous steam functionality on it but the steam button is ray to push and it's gentle.<br/><br/>The iron warms up pretty quick for those rush jobs.
 spattering a little
 Love this iron so far!  I previously owned the Rowenta Steam Station and I have to say this irons much better than the steam station.  Great features and performance for the money.
 Very happy with my iron. Ease of ironing, plenty of steam holes, not too heavy. Quality product. Recommend it for faster ironing because more steam holes mean less times ironing over same spot to get rid of wrinkles.
 Love this iron!  It has a lid that closes tightly over the water entrance...preventing spills!  Provides great steam, lightweight and with self cleaning feature.  My 2nd Rowenta and fantastic purchase so far.
 This replaced my 20+ year old Rowenta.  I never saw so much steam come out of an iron!  Makes ironing a whiz!  Love it!
 Excellent iron
 Love it!
 excellent product.
 This is the mother of all irons
 an excellent item - heats quickly and have the right weight to do the job
 I purchased the Rowenta and it was delivered very much on time. What I like about it is that it is heavy and the way it steams makes it much easier for ironing.
 Works great, glides smoothly, and has nice, even, powerful steam.
 The best iron that I have ever had.  WOrks as a steamer... better than any floor model steamer that my husband has ever owned~
 Great iron!!
 I returned this item only because I found it locally before it arrived in the mail.  I love the iron and would recommend it for anyone.
 400 holes give geat steaming.
 Best iron!
 This is our third Rowenta iron.  I absolutely love it.  This is a great buy, love the 400 holes!
 Best iron ever.
 This majestic beast has feature-rich and solves all of the problems plaguing other ironing tools.  This company figured it out and perfected it.
 I absolutely love this iron.  After all the 5 star reviews... I had to try it out.  And I have to follow suit with all the other reviews and it is worth the 5 star rating.  I would recommend.
 Rowenta has always been my favorite.  They just don't make them better.
 Happy wife happy life. She loves it!
 I was sick of cheaper irons always spitting and leaking water. Made the jump to quality and this sure is quality, irons even, extremely well and doesn't leak water all over the place.
 Light weight and easily to use.  Perfect for small person
 This iron is the best one I've owned.  I'm not a seamstress so I don't do a lot of ironing, but I love all the steam vents in this and also the nose is really "pointed" and allows you to iron in tight spots. It's slightly heavier than my previous iron, but I think that helps with the pressing.  I definitely recommend this iron, worth the money.
 Great iron
 What a difference from the $35 irons I've always had. Would definitely buy again.
 some reviews were very critical but I wanted  to have my own experience, so I bought this  so far so good.  It has been only 2 weeks for me.  Will definitely update.
 This is a great iron and made a huge difference compared to my cheaper, older iron. So glad I purchased this.
 The behemoth of all irons!  It lives up to my expectations and I would buy again.  However, you fill it with tap water which for me is messy and the water levels in the iron are hard to read.  But generally an extremely good product.
 Best ever
 I got this iron, after some research, as a Christmas present for my wife and she's a very happy camper!
 LOVE this! I always use on the hottest steam cycle
 I like this iron a lot.  It isn't heavy (my other iron was) and there is continuous steam.  It does makes noise, but I do NOT care!  Would recommend a Rowenta to anyone who irons.
 Nice regulation of various levels of steam. I look forward to seeing how well the "anti-calc" feature works.
 Works really well and is delicate on expensive fabrics, although I still use a barrier fabric to protect it.. Rivals higher-end clothing manufacturing irons.
 Excellent iron. Have been using a big steam ironing station before, but was happy that this iron does pretty much the same work and costs about 4 times less. Happy with the purchase.
 I love this iron!!
 The iron is a bit weighty, but the steam it puts out - wow!! I have never owned an iron that worked so well and makes the ironing easier for the user. It is a heavy iron though.....
 Wonderful are iron.
 Great iron.
 reservoir is way to small.  Have to fill way to often.
 Good overall iron. Does what it's supposed to do.
 Amazing steam iron. Gets clothes ironed easily.
 irons like a dream...a bit heavy
 Great iron.  Does go through steam quickly.
 This replaces a 10 year old Rowenta unit we have.  Functionally, it is just as good or better than the last unit.  Not so hot about its color scheme though.
 This is the best steam iron that I have ever used. It does a great job when I iron my dress shirts. My shirts look like they came from the cleaners.
 excellent..beautiful...nicest ever...buy it, no regrets..love it
 this thing is crazy strong. but...you have to keep it on setting where u can control the steam action.if you leave it on steam option it will run out of water quickly
 My wife likes this new Rowenta iron.  It works great but it does not hold much water.  After ironing 3 shirts, it has to be refilled.
 Very pleased with the iron
 Love my new iron!
 very nice product
 love love love this iron it like working with nothing I would recommend to anyone
 wonderful
 excellent iron (Buegeleisen); since it is manufactured in Germany, you know it willl be reliable.
 Super
 My wife loves this iron, excellent quality
 i love ironing clothes and this iron is a perfect gift for myself. i can iron almost everything i wash because its that good .The edges are great for corners and the steaming hot for wrinkles clothes. No wait time .
 Good Steam Blast, Heats fast !<br/><br/> I’ve been using this iron for months now and I raise my you Five stars
 This appliance broke after 5 months.
 I purchased this iron 13 months ago. Originally it was great. Now it is leaking. A lot! I have cleaned outside and run the self cleaning cycle. Still leaking! It makes a total mess. That was an $80 iron for one year's use. I might as well by a cheapie if they only last that long. Disappointed.
 Love this iron!  It glides so smoothly across fabric and really does get the wrinkles out.  I sew a lot, and this iron has become one of my best tools.
 I was looking for a lighter iron and this delivered great steam and lightweight.
 nice iron
 I love to iron. I iron all the clothes for my family. This iron makes the work easy and manageable.<br/>If there's one issue it's the size of the water tank. This iron goes through water quickly so you have to keep filling up. I get a jug of water by the iron. However the steam function makes light ironing.
 nice
 This is my fourth Rowenta.  The last two have dripping problems. I clean it regularly and use bottled water in its tank as suggested by Rowenta Cust Serv. I am very disappointed.  It irons beautifully but drips constantly leaving water marks on clothing.  I am ready to try another brand.
 Great iron.  Best I've ever used.
 The weight and price is right!
 Solid iron, heats up fast.  Handles very well ... I would recommend.
 Bought this for my Aunt who irons a good deal.  She said this iron is amazing, she now likens her old one (a few years old) to the type of iron people heated in a fire and then ironed items.  She loves it and that is why I bought it.
 Bust iron we've ever used. My husband steams his suits and the amount of steam the iron produces is amazing. The fabric setting automatically adjusts the steam amount, making it even mor effective.
 Perfectly excellent iron?'
 Love the way steam pours out if the setting is right and in a jiffy even linen shirts  and pants look nicely pressed.
 ok
 This is the most uncomfortable iron I've ever dealt with. First off, the temperature dial is under the handle and it changes settings every time your hand moves on or off the handle.  Secondly, it does not get hot enough to press/iron a cotton shirt. As far as I am concerned, it is a big piece of plastic junk. Roweena certainly did not sell this to represent this big glope of plastic nothing. This Iron has no redeeming features!
 Great "hi end" iron for the money!  Lots of steam.  In fact, it generates so much steam you have to fill it frequently.  But this is no big deal.
 Absolutely love this iron. The steam is perfect. The point makes it easy to get at those hard to reach areas.
 normal
 Rowenta DW5080 is a high quality iron. It's weight is enough so I no longer require down ward pressure to remove wrinkles. Due to the quantity of metal the warm up time is longer, but worth the wait.
 Love this new iron although it does sputter a bit. It irons in 10% of the time compared to my previous iron.
 so far so good, I love it
 Very nice iron.  high recommendation.
 Cadillac of all irons! It makes it a pleasure to iron, not a chore!
 It's heavier than my previous Rowan, but I love it anyway!
 Great iron!  Produces lots of steam!
 great steam iron.  I wasn't wild about the last Rowenta I owned but I love this one.  Works great!!
 The best steam iron I have ever owned
 Amazing
 Buyer beware!  I bought this iron as an "upgrade" from the old iron I was using.  It constantly shuts off during use.  It is supposed to have a motion sensor, but it is quite obvious that it does not work.  Thank goodness we bought it from Amazon, because I know Amazon will make it right.
 quality
 wife loves it. It is used for her quilting.
 I dang love this!  The best Iron I have owned in 35 years!
 best iron I have ever used
 It's pretty good - the steam part eats up the water so you have to pour in more and more water
 I enjoy ironing, crazy I know, this is the best iron I have owned.
 Great product.
 Replaced another Rowenta Iron that we had for 10-12 years, and the old one is still working fine.  Great product and durability.  May be a little pricey, but considering the durability, its a good purchase.
 Excellent iron. i have ironed a whole house full of curtains and they all came out great
 It heats up quickly and does a great job.<br/>Seems to use a lot of water but that's not a big deal.<br/>It is heavy and makes quick work of wrinkles.
 This iron has many holes in the ironing surface and gives off lots of steam, making ironing easier.
 I absolutely love this iron.
 You get what you pay for. This iron is worth every penny. Highly recommend Rowenta.
 Very good iron-generates lots of steam.
 I love it
 Nothing special about this iron ...
 Great iron but overpriced.
 Great product and price.
 best iron i've owned
 THIS IRON IS AMAZING!!! PERIOD.. ITS LIKE HAVING AN IRON AND STREAM MACHINE ROLLED UP IN ONE!!!
 Amazing iron. Heats up very quickly. Easy to use.
 My wife loves it!<br/>She told me "How could I use that crappy iron from target for all these years!"
 As always this is a great iron.  You can't beat a rowenta.
 Cadillac of all irons... Love it
 Had it for a month now and its so much nicer than our previous Rowenta (now eight years old), smooth, light and great steam action.
 perfect replacement
 Best Iron I have ever owned.  Made my old iron feel like a toy compared to this one!
 3rd Rowenta iron.  This one is great, they have made improvments on it and love it so far
 Great product.
 Nice iron.  Easy to slide.  On the heavier side.  Wish cord could be switched to side.
 Works well. Heavy duty. Irons with ease.
 nice
 Love the amount of steam. Seems like a great iron.
 I hate ironing but at least this iron works without spitting at me. I like the way it glides over the fabrics and the steam it produces, keep a water source handy it goes fast with this iron.
 It's great - works superbly so far (1 month) and the steam function is the best I have used ever (I'm in my 40's). Expensive, but I think it will last for years and it makes the ironing so much easier - very happy and well worth the price.
 I have been buying Rowenta irons for many years, and I am very happy with the quality of their products.  I highly recommend.
 Great quality. Ample amount of steam. Love the pointed tip to get into the tight area around collars and buttons.
 This is the best iron that I have ever purchased. I did not know it was all about the number of holes for steam.
 Bought this for my son after he finished boot camp. He said it "bas ass" iron.
 Great iron bought to replace same brand earlier model light weight steams well
 I purchased this iron with high hopes. It is such a disappointment. I cannot keep water in the iron. As soon as I fill up the tank it runs back out. Its messy and useless.
 I like it! Lots of steam, is easy to handle, much easier to pour water in than my last iron.
 just what we needed
 Good product -- works great. I wish it had retractable cord though,
 We love this iron. It heats very quickly and the steam function works wonderfully.
 amazing product, the iron felt a little heavy at first, but i am getting better at maneuvering with it
 Great iron at a good price. My wife absolutely LOVES it!!
 This iron is excellent.  I purchased a Rowenta 3 years ago and for some unknown reason it was not warming up.  This new Rowenta has a longer cord and a bigger water container.  I am extremely pleased.  I don't have any issues in seeing the water level; I saw some people had an issue with it but for me, the level can be seen very easily.
 this iron is a steam machine!!  it was worth every penny.
 Fabulous iron ! Does not disappoint!
 Best Iron I have ever owned.  No regrets.
 my wife loves it and that is good enough for me.
 Great iron
 Really easy to use and clean, heats up quickly, love it
 I love this iron!! Makes ironing cotton and linens so much easier than my old iron. The amount of steam is wonderful!
 I have been using Rowenta irons for many years.
 I've never had an expensive iron before. What a difference it makes! It cut my ironing time by at least half. This iron is great!
 This WAS my fourth Renenta iron, and now this one has given up after 18 months.  I ordered this because it was supposed to be upgraded, etc.  I had my hopes!! These irons are not made in Germany, but in Asia.  It does work good for the first 12 months, if you don't mind the price!
 Rowenta does it again!  This iron steams like no other.  It just glides across clothing with no problem.  You only need 1 pass on anything.  Well worth the money.
 This iron works so well, irons crisply, and that is with little effort on my part. Using this iron takes all the hard work out of ironing. No leaking. I use a light starch and there is no sticking.
 Love it
 I would only buy Rowenta irons - this is my second one in about 20 years.  They are amazing.  They last.  Great deal.
 Great product. Works as advertised.
 Excellent iron... if someone could just invent the same power/function/long lasting heat in cordless...
 Great product, would buy from this seller again.
 One year and one month after purchase (out of warranty) the auto off feature comes on and will not allow the iron to heat. Now I see that this is a common problem and my only option is to send it to be fixed which would cost more than the initial price of the product. If you are considering purchasing a Rowenta iron, do some homework first. Wish I had.
 I returned a less expensive Rowenta iron because it leaked water from the steam holes after the first few uses. In deciding to give the brand another try I spent more and bought the DW5080 Focus. I've been using it regularly for the last couple weeks and really like it. My only negative is that it's heavy when filled with water. I was expecting that so it wasn't a surprise. The real test is how long it lasts - I'm a quilter and use my iron for hours at a time, many days a week. Other brands have croaked after a year or less. I'm hoping this one will last for years.
 Nothing but good features.  No negatives. Great value.
 awesome iron, works  well on drapes.
 Best iron I have had in years. Really pleased.
 Already broke. Wont turn on. Never again
 I like the weight and extra "steam power"  and small tip.  I had a Rowenta iron previously and it lived a useful life and needed replacement.  I knew I wanted another Rowenta!
 Good quality iron. Seems like it should last years but we shall see.
 Awesome iron.
 Easy to learn to use. Good steaming.
 Best steam iron I ever had!
 Replaced a much more expensive Roewnta with this. Cheaper one. It works.just as well as half the price. The review on line was spot on.
 Best steam iron I've ever had and I an 70 years old and I iron a lot.
 I like this iron.  the steam feature removes the wrinkles from  my clothing very easily. I like that  witht his iron, I don't have to iron over a spot repeatedly just to get a smooth finish.
 Awesome!
 Love my Rowenta iron! Don't know how I managed without it all of these years
 Perfect!
 Works grt.. Had replace the old one with this. It works flawlessly.
 No more trips. with this you can do a proffesional press at home!!! after reviewing several irons this one is provided a great quality at a very affordable price. thanks Rowenta!
 This is a great iron.  Definitely the best one I have ever owned.
 love it.  top notch for sure.  steams like a beast. No issue so far with lime build up or residue but I've been very thorough in following manufacturer recommendations.
 My wife loves the Rowena DW5080
 Great iron.  This is my second one.  I had the first one for over 15 years!!  It still works on dry but steam is broken.  I would never buy any other kind of iron!!
 I am an avid sewer and this is the only brand of iron I will buy.  Love it, very happy with this purchase.
 This one is made in Germany and is Great.  They do make cheeper ones in China and they do leak and I would never buy one again but the ones made in Germany are worth the money.  I would buy again
 Bought it for a friend and she l likes how smooth it gldes.
 I am very OCD  when it comes to irons and how  I iron as well. With that being said,  this is iron is the bomb diggitydodo! I am amazed at how good it can steam and make everything crisp with out  starch!
 Love the iron, hate to iron😀
 I wish I had bought one of these Rowenta irons years ago,  What a wonderful iron.
 Best Rowenta product yet - good value for the price. Recommend this to anyone who might require a high quality iron for professional level work.
 Very nice iron, love it.  This is my second.  I love everything about it
 Nice iron.  Replaced a GE.
 Very Nice German made quality with plenty of steam holes and very variable heat settings
 I love this iron, although it was costly, I believe this is going to be the last iron I will ever have to buy. I did some research on the best irons to buy and this was one of the ones they recommended.
 If you've never used a steam iron from Rowenta, order this one now!<br/><br/>You will never use a non-Rowenta iron again.  This iron heats up extremely fast and if you drain the extra water out as per the instructions after every use, you will never have calc build-up.  This iron performs amazingly well!
 This iron has great steam.  I love the way it quickly gets the wrinkles out.  The only thing I might not like, is the handle is very large.  I would say I have large hands, but I have difficulty getting them around this handle.  It is a very "man-sized" handle.  Other than that, I am extremely happy with it.
 Excellent iron. I didn't realize how bad my previous iron was until I used this one.
 Preforms well.  Wish the cord was a little longer and it is a little on the heavy side.  Overall I like it.
 Bought this one for the in-laws after owning one for 2 years, consistent performer.
 Almost enjoy ironing. Incredible amount of steam makes ironing fast. High quality stainless sole plate makes it easy. Read a lot of negative reviews about roweta in general but not the German made models.  I am  pleased with this iron.
 Works great
 I love this iron. The heat on it is real good. It even takes out the stubborn wrinkles.
 It wonderful---its almost like using a steamer and make ironing much easier
 It's a great iron, a bit heavier than my old one, but it is doing a good job!
 Only had the iron for a few weeks, but so far I am very pleased with the irons performance.
 Never thought I'd be excited about an iron, but this thing is awesome! We've been using it for a few months with no issues. Amazing how much difference a good iron can make when trying to work through wrinkles quickly!
 overpriced but with ok quality
 Like this iron very much...felt comfortable in hand right away...excellent pressing quality.
 Love it, heavy enough on the clothes, slide smoothly and easy to handle.
 Great quality and worth every penny.
 I chose this product based on other people's reviews which are quite accurate. very well built. steam is crazily strong. German built quality. Like it
 Excellent! Lots of steam
 It is a very good iron for the price. Great steam and well made
 I have purchased other brands and Rowenta is the best brand I have owned. Lots f steam. Does a great job.
 love this Iron, better than expected
 Very good iron.  It gets hot enough and has a lot of steam.  Keep a cup of water handly because it uses a lot of it.  It does what an iron is supposed to do.
 This is the best iron I have ever owned. Very sturdy and high quality. I would recommend this iron to anyone.
 after made the purchase, didn't have time to use it. Now I just find out it doesn't work.
 My wife loves this unit.
 Great iron, used only a few weeks, but just what we wanted.
 Have a variety of fabrics in my wardrobe.  This is the perfect iron.  Presses cotton shirts in which they look like they have come straight from the dry cleaners.  If you do a lot of ironing, invest in this one and you won't be sorry.  I really like the vertical steam option which is perfect for sleeves and quick touch ups.
 My wife loves it! Great iron.
 I have owned several irons over the years, but this is the best yet! Has it all. Great steam. Pointed end helps with collars, pleats, etc. Of course it has an auto off too.
 A gift for my daughter-in-law for Christmas and she is very happy with the iron.
 Best Iron I have ever had. Does a great steaming job too on small items or for on the spot quick fixes, without having to purchase an outrageously expensive specialty steamer.
 I've always wanted a Rowenta iron and now I know why.  Love all the steam.  You can use it as a steamer and iron.  Great product.
 Great product would recommend it
 Love this iron. Even my husband complimented it.
 This is a great iron.  It has ample steam and easily gets the wrinkles ironed out.  You can use plain tap water for the steam.  I wish that you could leave water in the iron after each use, but you can't.  You do have to fill it up everytime.  When you are in a hurry in the mornings to get ready this is just another thing to do before you can iron.  But other than that it's a great iron.
 Performs very well....a lot of steam!  would recommend highly.  Have mailed in my Registration.
 Super iron.
 Well worth the price. This makes ironing shirts so much easier.
 I purchased this iron after our old one conked out. I priced this iron on multiple sites and Amazon had the best deal. Love the features as well.
 This iron has heft and power.  It is easy to fill and has a long cord.  It irons like a dream,  Highly recommended.
 So far this iron has been absolutely amazing! I need to look at the instructions to see if it requires distilled water as I have been using tap water and seeing a small amount of white residue coming out of the iron after ironing a couple of items. The steam output is better than any other iron I have previously owned.
 Great iron. Although because I hold an iron so close to the front, I keep unintentionally pressing the spray button.
 Love this
 It leaked and spit water! It was defective! It seemed to heat well but when I returned it I exchanged it for a different brand and cheaper!
 the worst iron. does not get out wrinkles especially on cotton fabric. would not recommend.  return window is only 30 days.
 Works great even on fabric my wife has that has some pretty solid fold lines
 This Steam Iron has helped me in doing other chores because it irons our clothes pretty well.  Although it is a bit expensive from the previous iron I had, this does the job well and saves money in electric bill.
 Excellent iron. Good steam output and easy to use.
 I need to replace the one I had and tis was the right price and at the right time. Love it.
 Great iron
 The iron work great. However, I found the iron used a lot of water. I had to fill it 3 times. And I didn't have that much to iron.
 Very nice iron!
 Excellent product
 Great item. Steam pressure is strong. Makes ironing easier.
 Works very well.
 Great iron! Ironing is so smooth. The iron doesn't collect grime from lots of use. Shirts are wrinkle free after going over once.
 The best iron I have ever owned.
 Love this iron!  Make sure to follow the directions for first time use, storage and water type and refill of water tank. Best iron ever:)
 Work great.
 Very happy with this iron! I've had several in the past few years and this one is the best I've had!
 ​►...got this for the housemate and, she loves it :-)
 Love this iron
 Awesome product says everything it says it can do.
 We love this iron. We used a couple of different irons in the past and they would not last. This one has stood the test for us. Quality you can feel.
 Piece of crap. Always heard Rowenta irons were the best. This one was a complete waste money. Leaked water from the very beginning; had to send it off for repair the first week I had it. Still leaks, now worse than ever. Will never buy another Rowenta.
 Rowenta is a big known brand and to me its the best for all my Iron needs. I have been using this brand not this model for last 10 years almost and find it unbeatable to any other brand.<br/>I am using now a 1750 watt make, before i had a Rowenta DW9081 Steamium 1800-Watt Professional Steam Iron which was really more strong built.<br/>My current rowenta is good too , however the water gauge is so dark that it really gets tricky to see when the water level gets low. But its still a keep.
 Good irin
 Wonderful iron.
 This is my second iron I love the Rowenta brand and this one is wonderful love it
 We bought this iron one year and five days ago, and the power cord is now defective.  The cord would need to be wiggled to get the power back on temporarily.  This is our 3rd Rowenta iron, the two previous model that we had purchased was the DW5080.  Very disappointed that is now defective only a few days after the warrantee expired.  Our previous ones had the same defect, after a couple of years.  Overall, we really do like the Rowenta irons, but very frustrated having to purchase a new one already after one year and 5 days.
 Best iron I have ever saw.it gets as hot as you need.it removes all wrinkles. WELL WITH THE MONEY.
 Does not weigh much, glides easily, water fill is easy and the steam button is also very easy to use during ironing.
 smooth and easy to iron tight spot.
 Top of the line
 The best iron EVER!!!
 Excellent
 Wonderful iron and it doesn't leak
 Excellent iron! Top quality!
 Excellent Iron Does what it is supposed to do.
 My favorite iron that I have ever used.  It is awesome quality.  It does a great job on hubs shirts.
 Wife loves this iron.
 Love the iron. Works great. A little hard to see the water fill tank.  Would buy it again.
 Best iron I've ever owned! Love the weight and easy water fill.
 I sew professionally and this is one of the better irons. plenty of steam and a great weight. Makes pressing a dream
 This is a great iron.
 This iron has leaked water since day 1. Tried to contact Rowenta customer service, still no reply.
 This has been an excellent iron.
 Best I have ever owned
 Outstanding product, steam is intense and very light, no problem using for 10 minutes or an hour.
 Very powerful; lots of steam.
 Fantastic and NOT made in China.  Has so much steam so wrinkles disappear!  The best iron I have ever had.
 Best iron I have ever owned, very powerful steam action, very durable
 One of the Best Iron you can buy
 way over priced. saw the same thing in Target for a lot cheaper. but works well
 Really like its performance
 Never saw an iron that has so many steam holes.  Of course, this is the first time I have owned a good steam iron or one that cost more than $30.  I have had the iron for more than 6 months and still love it.  Very good iron at a very good price.
 Love it, but it still drips when it steams.
 She is a quilter, and irons a lot. She says it works extremely well and is very satisfied with it.
 great
 Great iron and very good price. Shipment was fast.
 works great both on clothes and also making my blocks nice and flat for quilting
 The iron is sturdy and heavy enough. Good amount of steam, only had for a week, but happy with my purchase
 My last Rowenta  lasted for over 25 years.. I am addicted to the brand...
 I used this iron for just over a year before it stopped heating and water pours out of it! $90 down the drain - literally!
 Only gave it four stars because the cord holder is like my previous iron which did not last a year.<br/>Steam irons jeans perfectly!
 The Ferrari of irons.
 Top quality, great steam, glides smoothly. Worth the cost.
 very good reliable iron.
 Excellent quality. Does heat up; may require an adjustment from your typical ironing habits. Very pleased with purchase.
 Works to perfection. Light iron with good steam. Works great
 Got refund. It spit water.
 I LOVE this iron! It is by far the best purchase that I have made and it is great for quilting. It heats up pretty quickly and does not leak.
 I love this iron.  It produces a good amount of steam, especially on demand, and it quickly responds to the temperature controls.
 Use it every day, great iron.
 works well
 This iron has the steam and power to do what it was designed to do. Very easy to use and my ironing didn't take as long as before.
 Love this iron! Steaming machine! Only downside is that you have to put water in often!
 Very hot iron....and heavy. Irons clothing quickly
 The iron doesn't get hot enough even at the highest temperature. As a consequence, even with the steam on, it takes a long time to iron any clothing; I always need to use the spray. I was expecting a lot more of a Rowenta iron as this brand had such great reviews.
 had this for a few months and it irons great.  My wife likes the really pointed tip to get into tight places.
 Only used it 3 times and so far it meets expectations.  The angled front allows easier ironing in tricky corners.  I previously owned one for 11 yrs. and think it's important that this new one was made in Germany (not China).
 Good solid German engineering. Our first Rowenta lasted over 20 years and it was time to get a replacement.
 Although this iron seems heavy duty, it glides very well over your clothes.  The pointed end makes it easy to get into difficult areas .It's bigger than my old iron and I find I create creases , but they are easily removed by the steam and spray.
 Love this iron
 A great iron.  Kind of heavy but works<br/>Extremely well... Can even use as u
 This iron is okay but does not get hot enough...maybe this one is faulty, I am returning.
 Ty
 My wife loves it.. And I am happy when she is.. Seems to really work well with steam and other features.
 We bought this and had it shipped overnight as my wife told me one morning her old Rowenta had stopped working and she needed to iron her clothes every morning for work. Needless to say, it was an emergency situation.<br/><br/>Once we got it, it was just like the older model we had had for over 15 years only more steam ports (400) and a little lighter. She is thrilled with the performance and the rugged sturdiness of it. It can easily outlast our years left here on earth. :o)
 Good work excels.
 Best iron I have ever had.....makes dreaded ironing actually fun!!!!!
 Nice, strong iron, love it
 i dont iron too often but this iron is great for the price point.
 bought this for my mother-in-law who irons a lot.  She loved this one. :-)
 Pointy front tip goes around buttons.
 I had a BMW. It was a mechanical masterpiece. I meant, a masterful piece of mechanical frustration. So many parts and so many functions makes this steam iron seem like a winner. And look at that beautiful design!<br/>Well in case you haven't noticed Germans do this thing called a progressive engineering, where they always push the limits of their product to achieve the level of performance that outshines the competition. As a result, more experimental parts designs are used. Therefore, their products tend to perform beautifully at first, then when things start wearing out a lot of things go wrong. Because they don't keep things simple!<br/>Same deal here. Unluckily(?) I got a leaky unit. Steamer didnt' work well. What else? I am sure there was something else wrong with it but I can't recall.<br/>Integrity is not an aspiration pursued by German products, so be wary when you perchase a high tech items such as this or a BMW or what other gadgets they produce. At their home country the repair may be easy, but here at the States it's a hassle. And those poor BMW/MB owners who pay ridiculous amount of money on repair and maintenance cost. I solute thee.
 Leaks water all the time.
 Good Product
 less than $100 got me an amazing iron. A small price to pay for the quality and ease of this iron.  no complaints from someone who hates ironing!
 Great Iron
 Light weight.. Love it.
 Good balance and great steam production.  Holds lots of water.  Dial could be a bit easier to read.
 I only wish it had a slightly longer cord, but it performs beautifully
 I would recommend this to family and friends
 Excellent lighterweight iron with easy steam/spray feature
 Great iron! I thought the auto shut off might be a problem, but this iron heats so well its hardly noticeable. A superb tool for the sewing room!
 Very nice iron. Heavy. Use tap water in the iron.
 works as advertised
 Love it . Makes me want to iron all the time . It glides so smoothly over the garment !!!
 Buy this iron! Enough said.
 This iron is a dream come true!  No longer have a steam iron that leaks! I would buy this product again.
 replaced a 30 year old version Rowenta with this one Wife is very happy with the newer one, a quality product for sure
 Great iron. The only problem I have is the cord has no good way to wind.
 These guys make the best iron. I do all of my own iron and weird as it sounds, it is one of my favorite past times. This unit does a GREAT job.
 heavier the what i thought it was but love the iron
 Didn't realize how poor all other irons perform until I used this model.
 Incredibly light to do such a heavyweight job.
 LKE IT
 Love Rowenta and especially like this model as the amount of water left in the tank is more visible than it was on previous models. It uses tap water and irons like a dream
 wow,  what a  difference a  good iron  makes!!
 Iron is great and so was the delivery time.  We are happy campers.
 Love it
 The best iron I have ever owned....incredible would be a good word!
 Excellent iron.  Another good Rowena.
 PRODUCT PERFORMS BETTER THAN EXPECTED. ALL OF ITS FEATURES ARE AS ADVERTISED.
 Great design, lightweight and easy to use!
 finally we have a steam iron that doesn't leak, spit water out and is an effective iron.
 EXCELLENT !!!
 This iron has great weight to it and lots of steam holes which is fantastic. Definitely much better than those $40 irons you'll find at Walmart of something. No complaints at all.
 I have had a Rowenta iron for 10 years and this is a replacement Happy with it so far
 Absolutely amazing! Great product worth every penny.
 Best iron i have owned. Will never go back to a cheap iron.
 This is our 2nd Rowenta iron and we love this design. Iron works great, and is comfortable to use. Happy!
 This is the best iron ever it's my second Rowenta the new is lighter and still lots of steam
 Wonderful ironing experience with this Rowenta iron. Powerful steam options take out wrinkles easily. Easy to handle.  I love it.
 Love this iron.  I always buy Rowenta irons,  I think they are the best irons. They are worth the money.
 Omg love this iron, best purchase ever! Dosesn't burn my clothes and quickly irons my clothes!
 This iron is awesome worth the price
 Like it much better than the last model I purchased.  Only complaint is it takes a while to get hot.
 I just received this iron today and have not used it yet.  However, I really don't like the "instruction book" that comes with it.  It measures 4 1/4" wide by 6" tall.  The instructions are all little pictures and what is written is in print too small for senior citizens.  I hope I like the iron - hugely disappointed with the "mickey mouse" instructions.  It is obviously an attempt to communicate with people of many languages and the idea is not that bad but if they were going to use this method, couldn't they have made a larger "booklet".  Very frustrating.
 Best iron ever!
 Bought a cheaper model iron when my old Rowenta gave out. Used it one time before ordering this one. You pay cheap, you get cheap. Great iron, Steam to spare.
 best steaming iron we've ever had!
 It is the best iron I have ever had
 no problem product, it functions as advertised, delivery was on time. thanks
 This be far, has been the best iron that I have owned in 50 years. Does the job and meets up to my expectations.
 This iron is heavy and it is awkward to use.  For the money I would not buy this iron!
 Wonderful iron with powerful steam.
 Best iron I have ever used, bar none.  Incredible steam, great weight and control, and uses tap water.
 I like the way it irons so well but the weight is a deterrent.  On the other hand, maybe the weight contributes a lot to the way it irons?
 My wife loves it
 I have always been a Rowenta guy. Never knew that my 12 year old Rowenta was nothing compared to this one.<br/>18 holes vs. 400 hole sole plate.<br/>This iron is absolutely the best. It works great. Cuts the ironing time to nothing.
 It is a great iron. Much better than my others.
 I HAVE NEVER HAD AN IRON LIKE THIS ONE! IT IS A JOY AFTER ALL THE OTHER ONES I HAVE HAD, ONLY NEED TO IRON ONE SIDE OF ANYTHING!.
 Great iron!
 It works well and unlike so many I've tried recently, it has a nice weight and really works.
 The mother of all irons!
 Great iron, makes it easy &amp; look better than the pros!
 great iron
 Good product.  If you've got to iron anything, this is the one to get.
 Worth the money - excellent steam iron.
 Love it. Let's see how many years it lasts!
 Best Iron I have ever used!!
 This is by far the best iron we bought according to my wife. It looks quality, feels quality and slides smoothly.
 Best iron I've ever owned!
 Great iron very satisfied
 The iron is heavy but works fine. I am glad that I purchased it.
 Iron clothes very smoothly so you can do more in less time. Love it.
 Just can't beat a Rowenta and this is a good middle priced one.
 Rowenta is on top when it comes to irons and this iron does it all with professional like quality...You want quality, this is it...
 This iron is everything you would expect from a Rowenta product. Nice and heavy and very easy to handle. highly recommend any Rowenta product!!!
 Makes ironing faster and easier.
 Excelect
 Love it. Which is unusual for me to say, because I don't like to iron. This iron makes a nasty job tolerable.
 great product for the money
 Easy to use - exactly what I  was looking for.
 Rolls Royce of steam irons! Love the handling!
 Happy with this product
 Best iron I've ever owned for ironing large pieces of fabric and clothing.  Nice weight and handling and good cord length.
 It may seem a little heavy, but it does a wonderful job. I would purchase again
 Bought this as a replacement for an iron that is stuck in warranty service.  Excellent iron that works as advertised as opposed to the 9081 which stopped steaming after a month.
 A great iron-seems to make ironing easier!
 Best Iron I've ever owned!!!!
 Great iron. Light and works perfect.
 This is the Ferrari of irons. Period!
 I and my family really like these irons, I have had several. Only wish they would last a little longer
 Best ever iron!  Can't say enough for how easy it now is to iron.  Will never own a different brand iron in the future. Terrific iron!
 This is a Great iron!  Works perfectly, just a I expected!!!
 I've only had this iron about a month. So far it has exceeded my expectations! It heats up fast and the amount of steam that comes out of it is unbelievable. I love it so far!
 Linen pressed in one go without Spray Starch. Rowenta you are my new best friend in irons. Worth the money and highly recommend it.  Good weight and steam is rathe impressive. Stylish colour and design too.
 Veru good iron which heats up in few seconds and has  head design to reach any part of cloth like between shirt buttons etc.<br/>generates very good steam for better ironing.
 My last Rowena lasted 18 years. This one could outlast me.
 great iron
 beautiful, great product, fast shipping
 I have owned three of these irons over the past 5 years.  All instances have been the same.  I like the brand.  However, the cord begins shorting out within a few months of consistent use.  There is clearly an engineering flaw in the handle design.  It shorts within the handle hinge as the cord becomes constricted, pinched, and cuts itself.  I was going to see about a replacement, but the company repair policy/return policy hardly makes it work the effort and time to do so as it requires either shipping to the company at my expense or taking the iron to an authorized repair center.  I am not sure that I would purchase another one of these.  This iron has only been used since February, a total of 5 months.  If you iron regularly, I would avoid this product.
 Best iron I've purchased since the 1970s. Would highly recommend
 Love It
 LOVE THIS IRON!!!!
 Great iron!
 I'm still waiting for the laundry wo/man to iron my clothes with it.
 I am a beginning quilter and this Iron does a wonderful job - only problem - I would like it to NOT be an auto shut off. Oh well, I need to learn to read and absorb :-), guess if I have time to quilt, I have time to shake the iron and wait about 3 seconds for it to get hot again. I would definitely buy this iron again.
 we haven't used our iron yet. i like the weight of it though a bit on the heavy side. but the weight helps you to get a nice press.
 Serious Iron! I love it!!
 This iron is the best value. Works great!
 Wife likes
 Water level in tank is hard to see due to color of tank. Other than that, works great
 Always wanted a great iron. This is it!
 Fantastic iron that heats up/cools down quickly and makes easy work of all my wrinkled clothes.
 LOVE THIS IRON
 got it as a gift for my wife
 This is my second one. First one worked great until my puppy got to the cord. My old one was 6 years old and could have gone much longer. If you clean it like you're supposed to you will get many years out of it. Does a fantastic job.
 Slightly heavy, but does the job.
 This is 1 of the best irons I have ever used I highly recommend everyone to buy 1. I will tell all of my friends about this 1
 Love the iron.  Thanks
 Great product. We don't iron much but it's the best iron I've owned.
 So far, this is the best iron I have purchased.  And believe me, there have been many.  It steams so good it heats up the room which in the summer is not so good.  I may purchase another one just me to use as I sew
 Awesome iron,wife loves her new iron
 Best iron I have ever owned.
 A+
 I haven't had the iron long, but so far have been very satisfied with it.  It did leak the first few times I used it (probably  my fault) but is now working perfectly.
 Awesome iron. The best we've ever used.
 This is my second Rowenta iron. This iron does well with steam or no steam and the tip is narrow to get into tight places.  I enjoy ironing with this iron and would recommend this iron.
 Irons great and uses tap water rather than distilled.
 it's working very well so far
 Absolutely incredible! This iron is a must have in every household!
 Light weight and lots of steam.  Nice design.
 Great
 In first weak of use I have noticed water leaks from this iron terribly.  I'm not talking about a small amount of clear water, this is a large amount of brown burnt water that has already ruined several pairs of clothes.  Would not buy again.  Can not return because I threw the box away and too much of a hassle.  Usually Rowenta has high quality.  Possibly damaged during shipment?
 Awesome Iron
 they still need to work on the cord design it sits off balance and you have to play with it when you want to sit it down PIA.
 Must have!!! I iron every of my clothing and this one makes it 100 times better than other brands I have used
 Love it
 Had to be returned 3 times and still has problems. First and second returns were because of electrical problems. Power switch kept going off. The third return was because the iron leaked water endlessly. All three times a new iron was sent. Now this forth iron has a latch over water inlet. The latch is extremely difficult to open and close. I want my money back!
 many thanks
 Great steam, heats very fast. Best iron I have ever owned
 Very good
 love this iron - recommend
 Plenty of steam and easy to handle.
 Worked perfectly.  Nice ironed shirts.
 Just wow! Ironing made easy!!
 I love it.  So much better than the cheap models.
 Good iron. I followed directions for using the initial time but still experienced some "spitting". I like the narrow nose and overall am pleased with the iron.
 GREAT IRON! WOULDN'T HAVE ANY OTHER BRAND.... PERIOD!!
 Wife loves it. Great amount of stream. Easy to use.
 Perfect product.  Thanks
 Love this iron.
 I love this iron! It is the power ironer I have been looking for. Love the amount of steam it produces, it gets nice and hot, and glides right over the fabric.
 Best iron I ever owned.
 Heats quickly and steams well.  Love it!
 This iron is amazing!
 We do alot of ironing with four children.  Over the past ten years we have on average need a new iron every year and a half.  This iron is better quality than the $45 iron.
 Iron  was delivered as described and in a timely manner and it works great. Thank you.
 My wife loves the iron
 It worked as expected, and work well
 My wife says by far the best iron she has ever owned!!
 Iron is wonderful to use; especially on shirts
 Reputation precedes expectations
 The only iron I will use.  My very old one died so I've replaced it with a modern one!!
 This iron is replacing an old Rowenta that had seen it's last days.  I wanted another Rowenta because my first iron did such a good job. The steam that comes from this iron make clothing look crisp and fresh, wrinkles disappear quickly.  It works well on all types of fabric.
 It is great !!!
 Wow! who new a good iron could make such a difference? I've always just bought a basic iron at Target or something. This is well worth the extra $$. It blows lots of steam and gets hot quickly.
 Very light and very good!<br/>Does it's job like pro.
 This iron is a big disappointment, within the first few weeks I notice that the iron would began to cool down, upon me setting it upright within a minute.  This progressed into the steam level switch not staying in place of selected position to not being able to call upon a burst of steam via the steam button.  I bought this item new and for $90.00 there's no reason this product should be out done by an previously owned $29.99 Panasonic that lasted 7 long years - nevertheless I will be looking for Amazon to do the right thing as I haven't had an issue with previous resolutions - for relatively minute matters.<br/><br/>FYI. Status update:  I contacted the third party merchant who sold me the iron and to my dismay, "EXPRESSIONS" (The name of merchant) would only offer an apology and the 1 800 customer service # to Rowenta, knowing full well that the consumer would have to send the defective iron out for service<br/>(at your own expense) without an replacement - 4 to 6 weeks might I add - leaving you no choice but to purchase another iron.  This experience will no doubt affect my future purchases with / on Amazon, as I mentioned previously I've been a long term Amazon.com consumer and until this point have been satisfied with the manner in which my concerns have been resolved.
 Works great
 love it.
 It's the best spent I've spent in years.I finally have one that doesn't leak water all over the clothes.It's great!!
 THIS THING IS REALLY GOOD!!!!
 This thing is like using a professional tool compared to a childs toy. It is heavy but does the job really very well.
 My daughter in law recommended this one and she was totally correct
 Best iron I have ever had.  It does run out of water fast; but that's why it does such a great job.  I actually enjoy having to iron.
 Awesome!!!!!
 Best one
 This is the best iron I have ever owned.  There is no spitting of water and great heat.  Clothes iron beautifully.
 Works great.
 This Iron operates perfectly.  Its has wonderful features that were very methodically thought out. It has great ease of use, and produces perfect results at an affordable price.  I highly recommend this product.
 Excellent product. Should have discovered this long ago.
 It may be a splurge since you can get something cheaper at wallmart, but this Rowenta  really helps to get the job done in less time.
 Fabulous, but uses a lot of water.
 we recently purchased this item for our church on behalf of a request, to find an iron that would smooth out fine linen. This product seems to have met that need, and the ladies which use it say it is a very comfortable efficient iron.
 This is my favourite iron ever, makes ironing a breeze and fun.
 Wow, I will NEVER buy anything but a Rowenta iron again!
 Rowenta irons are the best!  Love the fact that the bottom plate has so many steam vents.
 ironing is a pleasure with my new iron.  gorgeous looking and high quality. I love using this.
 quality that I would expect from Rowenta
 LOVE IT
 it's okay
 I love this iron.  It steams beautifully and is just the right weight.
 It met and exceeded my expectations.<br/>I'm very pleased.
 Was a gift
 Good steaming iron.
 Does exactly what is should this is my 3 Rd focus Rowenta and I wouldn't own anything else !
 This is my 2nd Rowenta iron and I wouldn't have any other kind.  Someone commented to me that you could get an iron for $15, but it isn't a Rowenta!!!  Makes ironing a breeze!
 Love this iron ..... Almost makes me want to iron.
 I love this Iron. It heats up fast, great steam.
 very nice product doesn't leak like my cheap black and decker.
 I love the iron. Delivery was fast. I'm very happy overall.
 good
 Can't beat owning a Rowenta iron.
 It has good quality.
 Love the Rowenta irons. Wouldn't buy anything else.
 excellent iron, well-weighted, fairly priced. This product is made in Germany.
 Best iron ever owned
 German made excellent quality for the price paid.
 The best Iron that I have ever owned!
 I confess, I like iron... selectively. Cotton clothes, fabric when I sew... Was told get a Rowenta, got a Rowenta.... Got one. WOW. Why didn't I do this years ago? LOVE IT!
 I've had this iron for a little over 2 years and water pours out of it.
 This makes my third Rowenta DW5080, my first one was the more expensive.  I love the irons but they will eventually leak. However, I have decided I can afford to buy one every two years if that is the best I can do before it starts leaking. I like them that much!  I try to empty it when I get through and turn it off, but I think I am destined to get one that will eventually leak.
 I'm a guy and it's an iron, but as far as I can tell this thing is about as good as it gets.
 My wife loves it
 This was my wife's second one.The first one was recommended by a friend and was great. The wife made the mistake of leaving in on all night. The second one is the replacement. She loves it.
 Love it!  Heavy, puts our lots of steam, uses tap water.  Be sure to look for one "Made in Germany"
 Great iron.  Worth the money compared to the cheaper irons I have used for years. Steam is really powerful.
 My wife really likes the iron
 Great product.  all of my irons are Rowenta
 If you like lots of steam this is the iron for you.
 Great Product!
 This was a great deal!
 I just bougth this iron because I had bought a Russell Hobbs that I didn't like at all.  This iron is amazing, heats fast, very good steam, iron esay.  Recommend it.
 Loved it. It was exactly what I wanted and it is a true Rowenta made in Germany.
 I guess I'll start with the "pros".  I like the shape and the narrow tip.  This was one of the reasons I opted for this iron.  It glides nicely over fabric.  That's all I can say that's nice.  I cannot believe how much "spitting" this iron does.  I will experiment with different settings to see if I can get this under control but for now, it's very frustrating.  I realized that there wasn't an automatic cord winder but I didn't expect that the design didn't have any provision for neatly wrapping the cord.  At this price point, there could have been something designed at the bottom of the iron to wrap the cord when the iron isn't in use.  Overall, I don't think this was worth the extra investment.
 just glides across your clothes! great decision!
 Bought this iron for my son. It works great. We are a Rowenta Family. All of the irons in our home are Rowenta.
 Works great !!!  Thank you.
 Excellent PRODUCT, love it
 Great iron. Wifey says best iron she ever owned, and vert light.buy it
 Perfect and heavy duty it's the best i have
 Very good Iron, in just few passes does the work that others take more. This Iron consumes more water because of the steam which is very high and helpful. One con is that is noisy when steaming.
 So far, so good!
 Great iron...love it!
 Made in Germany, lots of steam and heats up fast.  Could hold more water - but overall the best iron I've ever used.
 Just what I wanted.
 Although heavy, works very well.
 I really like this iron. It is one of the best I have ever used and I been through a lot of iron's . The overall build is of high quality. If you use spring water the iron should work perfectly!
 Amazing iron.
 This iron is VERY heavy - I sew daily and after using this iron for my quilting projects now have tennis elbow.  I HATE this iron and unfortunately it is too late to return it and Rowenta indicated they do not take returns - NOT VERY GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE.  The iron must be cleaned regularly (which I cleaned it at least once a week).  when I did clean it there was a lot fo gunk that came out.
 A wonderful product, with great functions and design details.
 Wow! I did not know how much a good iron can help! It heats fast, and it steams like a locomotive! Even my husband is impressed!
 Third one my wife has owned... They iron great, and very dependable...
 I dearly love this iron. I wished I would have bought this years ago. Makes ironing a breeze now. My shirts are easier to iron and come out great.
 Well worth the price  a little heavier than my last rowenta but that one was a piece of junk. So far whole family likes it.
 I iron a lot and this is the best iron i have ever had. I love it
 Love the iron!
 I've had this iron for quite a while now and absolutely love it! I mostly use it to iron my husband's shirts for work. It used to take me over an hour to do 10-12 shirts, now it takes only half the time!!! It's worth every penny and I highly recommend it.
 If you would have told me this was one of  best iron on the market, i would have had doubts, until i tried it. THIS IRON IS AWESOME !!!! BABY. I will not buy any other for the rest of life.
 Great iron..!!
 I was a little skeptical about this iron after reading some negative reviews. But, since EVERY iron I researched online had negative reviews, I decided to stick with Rowenta since they had a pretty high rating overall. I have not yet been disappointed. We've done our best to follow the directions of emptying the iron after use and switching to the no-steam setting when filling with water. I will say that the one time that I filled the iron with water and forgot to switch to the no-steam setting, I did have a little trouble with water seeping out while ironing. However, every other time that I've stuck to the two basic rules, I've had no problems whatsoever. The iron heats up very quickly and is a champ at getting stubborn wrinkles out. Definitely worth the extra cost if you can swing it!
 Great product.
 The iron works every bit as well as I'd hoped, well worth the money!
 excellent product - received it on time
 Very good
 I am a guy and I am impressed with this iron. Definitely better than expected.
 It works perfectly. Love it!
 Very good iron but uses a lot<br/>Of water. Needs to be refilled<br/>Every couple of pieces
 Works good
 Great iron... I was going to purchase another well known brand, then I saw this Rowenta Iron and WoW!!!! What a great product and super Fast shipping!! Thank you!
 Love it and it gets into the collars and cuffs very nicely.
 I love this iron. When I purchased this iron I had read the reviews from previous customers. This is a keeper. It has all kind of different gadgets. I would recommend this beauty to anyone who is looking for a serious iron.
 I am very pleased with the rowenta iron that I purchased.
 My wife loves it
 Always had cheap irons.<br/>After using my friend's Rowenta I was sold.<br/>Told my husband to iron his shirts so he could see how easy it was, guess what now he is ironing his own dress clothes!!
 Works exactly as expected.
 best iron I have owned
 My husband loves this iron.
 I like it. Very good quality.
 The product meet my expectation and is the best steam iron I ever bought.  The delivery of the iron was as expected. I am a very satisfied customer.
 Excellent product
 Wife thinks it is a little heavy but a great iron. Performs very well.
 Everything that I was expecting.
 Great steam, but very heavy. If you have any hand or wrist issues...........
 This product really delivers the desired result on any kind of fabric.
 Fast to heat, lots of steam and easy on the hand.
 I've finally found the perfect iron! The reviews don't stress the great steaming job it does!
 As described.. Good price
 great
 Awesome piece of equipment. Nice!!
 I LOVE TO IRON NOW, PRODUCT DOES WHAT IT SAYS.  VERY GOOD WORKS EXCELLENT!!!
 My daughter loves this.
 Great. Love it!!!
 Love this iron works great!
 Love the steam, the weight of the iron, and how it glides. Worth the money. Make sure it says made in Germany!
 I just love it, it makes it so much easier to iron.
 Works very well, but it is much bulkier and heavier than I had imagined,  it's a work out using this, but the pay off is it does iron well and fast.
 MY wife loves it. it is far superior to our old iron. The instructions are sometimes hard to understand because they are presented in comic book form with no text to read (small quibble)
 Great iron , worth the money!!!
 Great product. Uses tap water - making filling a breeze instead of having to keep distilled water in the house.
 I liked this iron at first; however, after using once or twice a month for 13 months, it broke. I took good care of it; I even did the self-cleaning routine and stored it correctly. It never dropped or hit anything. Nothing.  It just crapped out on me. It no longer gets hot; It's completely done for. The iron I had before this one was a cheapo that worked like a charm for at least five years. I am so disappointed in this product. Bummer.
 Performs well. Best iron I've ever owned.
 I have only had this iron for a couple of months.  In that time frame, I found the iron to be light weight and easy to use.
 Pricey, irons very well.  Lots of steam.....but you need a LOT of water to keep it going.  Uses a great deal of water, even on the lowest steam setting.
 This iron is a monster. I love it!
 This iron is nice and heavy, lots of steam, glides across fabric smoothly.
 works as promised
 This is a great iron, very hot, great steam and cuts my ironing time way down. It is well worth the price!
 This iron is a newer version of the one I had.  I loved my old Rowenta - it just got worn out.  I am pleased it is as good as the last one I had.
 Love this product
 So far, so good!
 Love it
 I bought it in July and used it last week for the first time and it will be the last, because it doesn't heat up anymore.  I had 4 shirts to iron, and I was only able to iron 2-1/2 and the heat turned off. The light is still on, but no heat.  I tried unplugging it, using another outlet and turning the power off, to no avail.<br/><br/>I am very disappointed in the Rowenta brand.<br/><br/>Now, it is too late to return :(
 Pricey but worth it.  I like a heavy iron and the pointed tip design is great for collars and corners.
 Great iron
 I spent $90.00 on this Iron and it stopped working after less than 2 years.<br/>That is unacceptable for an iron costing almost  $100.00<br/><br/>My grandmother had an American made Iron for over 20 years.<br/>Why do these foreign made products fail so much sooner?<br/>Answer: MONEY!!!<br/><br/>Do not buy this product.
 Rowenta is the best. You can't get a better iron! Love it.
 This is a great iron.  Lots of steam when you need it. I would definitely recommend this iron to others!
 Works like a champ!
 excellent purchase at a great price, Amazon prime is the best, loveit!
 Best Iron ever..fast delivery and it presses just great
 I love it, I can work with it very fast
 Great iron with a great price - - got it cheaper than the "Deal of the Day" price.
 Excellent product and shipping.
 My new Rowenta meets all my expectations for performance.  This is the third Rowenta iron that I have purchased.  All of these irons produce more sustained steam than any other brands I've used.  The first one lasted for ten years , the second iron not as long because it was damaged accidentally.  I love this brand and won't settle for a less expensive less performing iron after experiencing the performance and endurance of Rowenta.
 I'm glad to have an iron again that works well, just wish that it didn't look like it wanted to take off.
 This iron is amazing.  I'm just sorry that I never found the Rowenta years ago when I had children and used to iron my husbands uniforms.  There is plenty of steam and so it takes half the time to iron even a man's pair of pants.  I'm thinking of giving one to each of my daughter-in-laws.  Even if they don't iron too many items it still worth it to have this iron.<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Rowenta-DW5080-Focus-1700-Watt-Steam-Iron-with-400-Hole-Stainless-Steel-Soleplate/dp/B004ILTH1K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Rowenta DW5080 Focus 1700 Watt  Steam Iron with 400-Hole Stainless Steel Soleplate</a>
 Great iron!!
 Very good product my wife loved
 A fine iron, worth the price. Transaction was fine.
 Work perfect
 Iron leaks when using
 5 Star Plus no negatives. At least it is not made in China.
 This is my 4th Rowenta.  It's the only iron I've ever used.
 Great iron!
 Makes ironing a pleasure
 The only downfall of this iron is that it goes through water quickly when you are using steam.  Otherwise, it works great!!
 it is heavier than i thought. but works well
 I love it. It really presses our clothes good. The only thing is though I find it a bit heavy but I still rate it 5.
 best iron I have ever owned, smooth easy ironing. especially on tough fabric like linen.
 A master piece! Love it! Makes ironing enjoyable and fast!
 I love my Rowenta Iron. It produces great steam to get the wrinkles out. Just wish I hadn't dropped it  and broke the plastic cap over where you add the water.
 This appears to be an excellent iron, excellent steam, easy to handle, a joy to use. I would highly recommend it.
 This is one of the best purchase I have ever made!!!  I am going to buy my mom the Mercedes one for Christmas!!!
 Arrived quick. Works great
 It worked great for only 2 months then it started drippimg water and white flaky stuff started coming out. Even after I cleaned several times. What a disappointment especially cuz it cost a lot of money. The $25 iron from Walmart is better
 I know it's strange but I do like to iron and this iron makes the job much easier.
 Pleased with product.
 Great product.
 This is a fantastic iron. I have had no problems. It does a great job ironing my clothes. I would highly recommend this product.
 I have had nothing but good luck with this iron. It has not dripped one me once. It's a little heavier than my last rowenta, which by the way I gave to my daughter because she needed one. I bought my first one 10 yrs ago and it is working for her still. I expect this one to last longer than 10 years. I especially love the clear water chamber. I can clearly see how much water is going in. I don't think you will be disappointed with this iron. Just be sure to use tap water.
 Great iron !
 Different than your typical iron.  Don't iron all the time but it takes a little getting used to.  I think the design is going to grow on me though...
 Love this iron!
 Great iron, until it started leaking copiously after just a few hours of use. Returned it.
 The first words out of my wife's mouth was " this is without a doubt the best iron I've ever used " .
 Freaking love it
 Great iron
 Love it
 Extra wattage and steam make my husband's heavy-duty cotton shirts a joy to iron now--well if you consider ironing a joy.
 wonderful iron -- Now, if it never leaks or spits water, it will be fantastic!
 Great iron and I especially love the stainless steel plate. I had a Rowenta iron previously that had the teflon type coating on the plate and that is why I had to replace it. The place became fused with whatever and left black stains on my clothes. This bottom can be cleaned without scraping away the finish. It is also great for ironing around buttons.
 Excellent iron! Although slightly heavier than my last Rowenta iron.
 Don't buy this! I had been reading so many amazing things about Rowenta that I couldn't wait to get this. In less than 2 months of ironing no more than twice a week for 30 minutes each time, it started leaking all over the place. I followed the cleaning instructions - fairly complicated - and it still wasn't good. I wasn't thrilled with the cord being so unwieldy but I forgave it. But no more. Total waste of money.
 I purchased this iron on January 18, 2015. It was a great iron to use, but it died a week ago just over a year after it was purchased. There is a short in the cord near the base of the iron. I don't recommend this product unless you're good with electrical repairs. My previous Rowenta lasted 7-8 years. I was hoping this one would last longer. I take very good care of my irons with regular cleaning and always emptying the reservoir before storage so the failure is in the product not the maintenance.
 Love it, perfect steam and weight
 I had a Rowenta previously which I loved.  This one is even better.
 The iron is heavy but worth it as it has made ironing less of a chore for me. The cloths come out pressed well and more quickly.
 Very nice and weighted iron-- so no real pressure needed to iron any garment!<br/>++ ++ ++ ++ ++ ++
 It operates very nicely, irons well.  Easy to handle.  The only thing I don't like is that instructions say to clean every two weeks.  Who wants to bother with that?  I had my Krups for over 20 years and I never cleaned it once.  This iron uses tap water and maybe that's why.  Seems like it would be easier to use distilled water and not have to clean it.
 Good steam but a bit too heavy to do much ironing at one time.
 I was excited to buy the Rowenta DW5080 because it is made in Germany even though I gave away a previous Rowenta model because it was disappointing. When I unpacked Rowenta DW5080 the metal was smudgy, there were water drops at the plate, and the cord wasn't wrapped properly. I think it was previously returned to Rowenta. I send it back for replacement. When I opened the replacement packaging, I couldn't believe the chemical odor coming from the iron. It smelled like the chemicals that are sometimes used on athletic shoes. Gave me asthma and a headache. So much for Rowenta irons. Amazon is excellent at processing returns if you are within the 30 day period.
 My wife really like this iron with the pointed nose until she used it.  She found the handle too bulky and it hurt her wrist to iron with it.  Seems like a great iron and we wish we could have kept it but for an older lady with small, weak hands it just doesn't work.
 My wife says she loves it!  "It irons very well."  "However it does use a lot of water."  "It does work well."
 I love my new iron. Glides easily with adequate steam to make anything I press look great. The pointed tip is an added plus to go around buttons and small areas.
 Good product; delivery not within Prime promise
 LOVE IT!!
 It was recommended to me by a family member.  I really enjoy using it.  It is a well made product.
 VERY nice iron!!
 Slightly larger than expected.  Works fine, does excellent job.
 best ever
 Puts a $30 iron too shame
 The iron stopped heating properly after only a year of very infrequent and light use.  For the price, it should have lasted much longer.
 This is the best iron I've owned.  I read many of the reviews here and then read an article in our newspaper on choosing irons before getting this one.  It seems heavy and rugged compared to my old irons.  I don't iron a lot, but it has worked well on the few items I've ironed.  It puts out a lot of steam and doesn't sputter.
 Does an excellent job!  Best iron ever!
 Irons well. No negative experiences.
 This is such a great iron. Even hard to press clothes are easily ironed. The steam shot works better than any other!
 Smooth, easy glide, steams well, heats up quickly.
 Great iron.  Exceeds my expectations.
 Doesn't drip!!
 AAAA++++++
 Really nice
 Great iron- the best I have had.
 I really do like this iron. I really like that the cord doesn't curl up and it the steam is great also.
 Works great.
 Good product.
 After having this item for 9 months it simply stopped heating.  I loved it when it was working it was 5 star but now it is out of warrantee and will not work so I must purchase a new iron.  Planned obsolescence?  I am very disappointed.
 Very good and light weight!
 This is my wife's second Rowenta iron.  The first one leaked because we use distilled water on it and they say you have to use tap water.  Well, our tap water has already been softened and they say not to use that either.  If we use the water without softening, it is too hard and leaves a stain.<br/><br/>But, she likes how it irons when it's not leaking and we decided to order this one.  This one did not function properly.  The 'Auto-off' came on as soon as it was plugged in and the iron would not heat up.  Tried several 'fixes' but, the bottom line, is that this iron was defective.  Not very impressed for such an expensive iron.
 The person that irons loves it
 worked great for a 6 months, then became unreliable before it stopped working altogether<br/><br/>This is despote conscientous care (i.e. emptied after each use, never dropped, used as directed)
 Love it!
 Excellent iron - really gets the wrinkles out!
 Have only used it a few times but so far so good.  I purchased it because it supposedly releases the calcium buildup from tap water.  We will see if that feature actually works.  The steam plate has many small openings for even steaming as you iron.  Rowenta is the industry standard.
 incredible iron.
 Exceeded expectations
 So far so good a little heavy and a small water reservoir.
