 I cannot understand why readers would persist in this book. Everyone is so dysfunctional and disgusting I felt dirty just reading it.  It actually is reasonably well-written and gets very good reviews, so I guess that is why I lasted until 37% through, when the protagonist is going to talk to his latest client, a man who killed his girlfriend's 13-month-old son while he was high on drugs. The little boy was crying, so he put his cigarettes out on the bottoms of the little boy's feet, then laid him on the metal protective rack of a hot kerosene heater, and then shook him so hard his brain hemorrhaged. You decide if you want to read this; my answer was NO!
 I could be writing a 5 star review over and over for each of the Joe Dillard series of books, but I'll only write one for the first book. But, the same 5 star review applies to each of the 7 in the 8 book series I have read so far. Yes, there are 8 of them and I can only hope there are dozens more in the making. Scott Pratt has the kind of writing that I absolutely love. Each of the books are so attention grabbing from the very first lines to the last. The books are not very long, which is another reason I like them so much.  He doesn't use a lot of verbiage to simply fill in to add length. So many authors use long descriptions of things that really have nothing to do with the plot to make a 250 page book into a 500 word book. Other writers will use long descriptions of what the landscaping is like as someone enters a driveway to a house, or a long paragraph describing what a woman is wearing and the scent of her perfume and the necklace she is wearing.  WHO CARES...just get on with the story!!  And that is exactly what Scott Pratt avoids and makes his books such a delight to read.  Each of his books in this series has a great plot that makes them a such page turner.  There is an excitement and drama mix along with humor in each. There is some violence, but only enough for descriptive purposes to advance the plot. If you want a true 5 star attorney/court room/ human drama series, this is it.  I can't rave enough to urge you to give these a try. And besides, I have to get back to bookk.  I can hardly wait to get into the next chapter!
 I really didn’t make it very far, wasn’t what I was looking for, lots of vulgar language.  Will stick to the free Amazon Prime reads from now on.
 I must be in the minority because of all the positive reviews for this book, and I did not finish it so it is only an opinion of the part I did read. I threw this in the trash can after reading a good portion of it. I enjoy a good murder mystery or crime novel and I guess the folks who comprise this lifestyle are of a particular type but I found this book crude. I will overlook some of this in the effort to be "authentic" but after a while it just became too much a part of the story. I don't recommend it.
 A preacher goes to a strip club and is all over the girls.  The next morning he is found murdered.  Angel, a waitress from the club is arrested and charged with the crime.  She insists she is innocent and attorney Joe Dillard believes her.  In fact, the case against her is very weak and her arrest is due more to politics than to evidence.  Will she be the truly innocent client Joe so desperately wants before he retires?<br/><br/>This book was fun; a quick read and fast-paced legal thriller.  The description of the relationship between Joe and the judges is remarkably true to life (in some cases) and I was not at all surprised to learn that the author is a lawyer.<br/><br/>I also enjoyed the fact that almost every woman in the book was a strong character who could more than hold her own.  Even Sarah, the weakest character, did the right thing in the end.<br/><br/>I'm looking forward to reading more books in the series.
 This is a stupid and shallow book. I can't believe all the good reviews it received. The characters are all one-dimensional: completely good or completely bad. The bad ones look like a caricature. The good ones are like angels. There is one character who is a bit of a mixed bag, so I guess she is two-dimensional. The book is full of stupid cliches (the main character is not telling his wife about his past because he is afraid to appear weak... but then he does and she still loves him). The writing is bad. The main trait by which every female character is introduced and judged is how her body looks like. The main protagonist, who is an attorney, is wondering in his head how come he is not aroused when having a work discussion with his client who is so beautiful. But that's because she is too angelic. Seriously.
 Joe Dillard, the defense lawyer is assigned a difficult case where a young girl, who works in a club as a waitress is accused of having murdered a preacher who invited her to come to the hotel he was staying. Joe is convinced she is not guilty but political forces are trying to get her convicted. His personal life is getting difficult as his sister, a drug victim steals the car of his daughter and jewelry from his wife. Because of Dillard's success to get murderers off death row he has many people who dislike or even want to harm him. In the end he and his sister make piece and he is successful in getting the girl released. This with the help of the owner of the club who manipulated some of the witnesses and helps to resolve who really committed the murder on the preacher. A great book and the author needs to be congratulated for a very entertaining story.
 Rather astonished by all the positive reviews of this book. Very raw. And I was very puzzled by the Kindle version  and how it seemed to be "censored." The book became available at my local library before I saw it on Kindle. It was full of vulgarities towards women by one of the police detectives and just the language, in general, was profane. Then I bought the Amazon Kindle version (great sale!) and it had been watered down!! There was a substitute for the "B" word and the "F" word. It really changed the tone. That character is NOT a nice guy so why try to clean up his language? Was this the publisher's idea, was the library book a "galley" copy or what?? Was the Kindle sale version different from the original manuscript? Surely Amazon does not edit/censor its books does it? I sure hope not. This is the first time I've "crossed over", reading the same book in different modalities. I really saw a difference.
 Ok, I didn't have time for this junk. "This woman had something to hide. Landers decided to stick a flashlight up her skirt until he found out what it was."<br/>Dammit, hope I didn't pay Amazon much for this.
 This has to be the easiest five star rating for me in a very long time.  By no means am I saying the five star ratings I have granted some of my recent reads were difficult, but there was no hesitation at all, in the least, on  this one.  This author laid down such a smooth ride from start to finish it was unbelievable to me and I am for sure  a binge reader!!  But yeah, wow!! The story ended before I realized it and before I wanted it to.  The likeable characters were easy to like and the despicable ones were just as easy to dislike.  There was no straddling the fence for me because Pratt took all the ambiguity out for me!! The story flowed so fluidly between chapters, characters, plot twists and suspicions the book practically read itself.  I loved it!!  I already have book 2 downloaded.  This author is a legality force to be reckoned with and a personality profiler that many called such would be given a run for their money!!  READ IT!!!!
 Definitely not for me.  I love lawyer/trial books, but this is pretty raunchy.  All conversations and thoughts seem to revolve around some kind of sexual activity - including rape.  Definitely would not recommend.  Disgusting.
 I was attracted to this book by it’s almost 11k reviews and 4.5 stars....even now that I’ve finally brought myself to finish it, I can not even begin to fathom how this book earned so much acclaim. I even tried to google the book to find out how it concludes, just to end my suffering.<br/><br/>This book jumps all over the place. I would have to read then re-read certain sections just to figure out who’s perspective it was. Several chapters have absolutely nothing to do with the main story line. The characters are shallow and the dialogue was immature and unrealistic.<br/><br/>I’d go into more detail about specifics of the book but I’m just ready to move on and cut ties with it all together.<br/><br/>All in all, I would not recommend and won’t be purchasing another book by this author.
 Very confusing.  Author goes from writing in 1st person to 3rd person, back and forth, for no real reason.<br/><br/>It was a good story until the lawyer gets his sister in on the case and as a witness.  This is a classic conflict of interest in the legal world, and no judge or opposing attorney would ever allow it.  Totally not believable.  Other than that it was an overall easy read and somewhat entertaining.
 A good read, though I almost gave up on it. I very much liked the local lingo the author provides, being from the area myself and recognizing the authenticity of it. The characters were a tad bit overdrawn for my taste. But it was still a fun read. When I finally reached the conclusion I found it satisfying. Part of the problem for me was that the beginning sections of the book confused me, quickly shifting from the "hero's" perspective to the "villain's" perspective. Once I figured out what the author was doing I was halfway through the book and even thought about going back and rereading from the top. But way too many books ahead of me for that. If you enjoy detective novels that are rather folksy and not very complex, this book is a good one to pick up.
 I could not finish the book. There was too much crap in it for me. I enjoy reading books with good content.
 An Innocent Client<br/><br/>SCOTT PRATT<br/><br/>Reviewed by Roy Murry, Author<br/><br/>Legal Defenders of people accused of a crime to some are the scum of the earth. How could they defend a killer, a rapist, or a pedophile? Scott Pratt's Joe Dillard is a defense lawyer who has his demons, past, and present.<br/><br/>Joe and Caroline have a loving family because they worked at it and was derived from his income as a lawyer, most of which seem to be guilty. He gets these cases from judges that don't care for him, and the pay is not lucrative.<br/><br/>However, a significant payday arrives when he agrees to defend Angel, a beautiful young girl who claims her innocents, substantiated by the lady paying him a quarter of a million dollars to take the case.<br/><br/>Joe has other problems and cases going on at the same time. His mother is dying; his sister is a criminal, and a man he is defending is a multiplicative nut case, 'All in days work.'<br/><br/>Mr. Pratt gives the reader insight into the working of the legal system and how both the defender and prosecutor use that system to their advantage. The prose moves smoothly with some twist and turns. It was worth the price.
 This was fine, but I do not see me buying another book by this author.  His degradation of women is over the top for me.  I wasn't sure I would even finish reading it because some of the characters are so repugnant and, in my opinion, unnecessarily so.  I spent over 22 years in a male dominated field, so I am not sensitive to men who think they are superior to women thinking of them in terms of whether they would be worthy to have sex with, but I do not care to read a book so grossly slated that way.
 It would have been nice to have been forewarned that this author deemed it necessary to be a crass guttermouth in his writing. It was absolutely distasteful. By page 33 I'd had more than enough. Unfortunately I purchased the first and second books at the same time. What a waste of money!
 Scott Pratt shows complete contempt for prosecuting attorneys and law enforcement.  His bias is so obvious it is sickening.<br/>If you have respect for traditional values and a respect for laws SAVE YOUR MONEY!  I read 20% of the book and deleted it.  Most likely you will do the same.<br/>Can you imagine a society without laws and enforcers?  Apparently Pratt desires such a society.
 Weary criminal defense attorney, Joe Dillard’s middle-aged soul longs for two things, retirement and an innocent client as his last.  Weighed down by a colorful cast of scumbag clients, some of them on death row, Joe works methodically through his docket, in small town upper East Tennessee.  Then an itinerant preacher is found dead in a sleazy motel with a certain appendage missing.  The evidence points to Angel Christen, an eighteen-year-old waitress at the local gentleman’s club, The Mouse’s Tail.  Joe is determined not take Angel’s case because it will derail his retirement, until her larger-than-life mentor and owner of The Mouse’s Tail, Earlene Fowler, persuades him with enough money to make Joe’s retirement no longer a dream.<br/><br/> As an attorney who practices criminal defense at the appellate level, I find many legal fiction novels plodding and predictable.  An Innocent Client is anything but that.  The story is face-paced and full of unanticipated twists and turns.  And I promise you will not guess the ending.  Many reviewers have compared Scott Pratt to John Grisham, and the two write about the same segment of the legal world: the small-town lawyers’ struggle to make a living and to protect their clients in the face of sometimes insurmountable odds.  This is my first Scott Pratt novel, but I found his plot tighter than most of Grisham’s (except Grisham’s recent novel Gray Mountain), and Pratt does not waste the reader’s time.  His story moves along at the fast pace that I most enjoy in a good novel.  I’m off to read Book Two in his series.  Will get back to you on that one.  But I highly recommend An Innocent Client.
 Scott Pratt's Joe Dillard series starts well, with realistic courtroom drama set in rural Tennessee.  The stories are interesting and instructive about the way law works in that part of the world.  But Joe's temper, volatile in the beginning, becomes increasingly unrestrained as the series progresses. Likewise, the plots and the bad guys become increasingly unbelievable until, in book 8, we have judge who is having young women kidnapped for his special brand of sadistic torture and death.  In to this fray, Dillard throws himself, unthinking, until he, too, is about to become a victim only to be saved by a totally unrealistic turn of events.  Read and enjoy the first two or three and forget the rest.
 I'm going to leave one review for the entire series.  It was fantastic, terrific story lines, took on some very difficult clients and did a wonderful job defending all of them.  My only issue is with book 9 Due Process.  I think the book was written too quickly, the characters were not well developed.  It may have been written by a ghost writer of Mr. Pratt's.<br/>Obviously it you read all of the books in the series, you realize there is a very serious health issue with his wife. The way this is woven into the books, I believe Mr. Pratt has been dealing with this on a very personal !eve!.  He has written it with so much knowledge,the treatments and the names of the drugs used.  I truly don't mean to be unkind,but please let Joe's wife pass away and let her find some peace  and relief from the dreaded Breast Cancer.<br/>I look forward to your next book ,but please take your time.  Your true followers are patient and want the next book to live up to its exspectations. Can't wait to read it.
 I must say the author Scott Pratt writes a VERY good book.  I like Grishams books and this was so close to his writing.  The book had enough twists and turns and emotion to keep me totally interested from start to finish.  The characters were very well developed.  The only part I did not care for was in spots the language was a bit rough.  Given the situations where it was rough I suppose it was necessary to use such verbiage.  I just don’t care much for the vulgar words.I will be downloading the rest of the series.  I would HIGHLY recommend this book.
 Pratt works hard to market his books, but he should work as hard on his writing. The premise (and hype) led me to this book, but I became disappointed before halfway. With the exception of "Joe" and his immediate family, every character is awful - lawyers, cops, judges, everyone except the protagonist's wife and child. They are not just flawed like most people in real life, they are simply terrible people. None are likable in any way, and I would try my best to avoid them. If I learn that Pratt someday creates well-rounded (OK to be flawed) characters, I may buy another Pratt book. Marketing is about accurately describing a product...an never overselling the product. Sorry, but I regret spending money on this book.
 Stopped reading by the fourth chapter.  The detective was so vulgar and disgusting regarding women I had no desire to continue knowing his thoughts.  Sorry I paid even a few dollars for this book, will never read another Scott Pratt book.
 This is a well written story with a decent plot.<br/>The problem is with the characters.<br/>With the exception of some peripheral characters none of them are people you'd want as friends.<br/>The main character doesn't like cops, judges, prosecutors, lawyers or himself.<br/>I didn't much like him myself.
 Wow! Impressive.An impressive start to a series I will be sure to continue, although this stands alone with a satisfactory ending. I hadn't read a legal thriller in some time but needed a change of pace. This gave it to me and had me glued to the pages.<br/><br/>Joe Dillard is a defense attorney who is dissatisfied with his job and the scum that he represents. Usually the cases are appointed to him and he has no choice but to take them, even if he can't stomach the defendant. He decides he wants to retire, but wishes for just one more case of "An Innocent Client" that he can defend and feel good about. That client turns up in the beautiful face of a young woman known as Angel Gabriel, a waitress in a strip-joint who is accused of the murder and post-mortem-mutilation of a man of "the cloth." The disgusting Reverend Tester was drunk and disorderly and got fresh with Angel at the club.<br/><br/>There is no bad language, surprisingly, even from some of the creepy characters he represents. The violence and sexual content are not overly graphic. This multi-layered drama gives us a good insight into Joe and the supporting characters, who are fleshed out well, and believable. You will find yourself caring for what happens to them. Read it, even if you don't care for courtroom drama, this is presented very well and never boring.
 Scott Pratt writes about the tough issues of law and those that break it. He writes about truly bizarre and interesting circumstances and those members of society that think they can live their lives without following the law or that they are above the law. I just finished his 6th book "Blood Money" and I am fascinated with the unique and quirky characters in his books. The main character, Joe Dillard, is truly a good man, he's not perfect, he has his faults, but in the end he will do the right thing, the moral thing, even if it may not be the legal thing.  Joe is the modern day hero we all need.  I love reading about the legal field, the dynamics of the practice of law, its loop holes and often times its unfairness. I have been a John Grisham and Greg Iles fan for years and now I've found a new favorite legal thriller author. Thank you Scott Pratt!
 This is the second book I read by Scott Pratt.  In my opinion, he has all the makings of a good mystery writer.  This interested in Scott Pratt and his main character, attorney Joe Dillard, may as well start here.  There is good background information which will help the reader get acquainted with Joe Dillard, his rough background which features a traumatic life-changing experience, his substance-abusing, dysfunctional sister, his service in Grenada, and his eventual marriage to his wonderful, loving wife, Caroline.  Dillard is frustrated with the way his career as a defense attorney is going, having to spend time trying to defend some real sociopaths, many of whom are foisted on him by the courts as a court-appointed attorney.  The book is well-detailed in this aspect of his career.  He finally winds up trying to defend a young strip club waitress against a charge of murdering a corrupt preacher who's in town.  He gets quite a princely sum to defend this waitress, from her devious strip club owner.  The book takes its twists and turns, until the ending, which is, unfortunately, predictable.  Most interesting in this book is the investigative portion.  However, the corrupt law enforcement officers and unsympathetic judges do come off as cliches.  Problematic is the preacher's son, who  happens to be a deputy sheriff, and threatens Dillard and his family.  Still, the book moves along at a great pace, and is tough to put down.  It's worth a try.
 With a combination of wit, drama and a little bit of humor, the story flowed really well from beginning to end; my interest not waning even just a little.  Joe Dillard was originally targeting a position at the DA office, but with the promise of better financial stabilty, he became a defense lawyer.  But his good nature could only keep up by so much, and the burden of guilt he was carrying almost broke him down.  The support of his wife proved very invaluable; add to that his opening himself and telling it all.<br/><br/>For legal fiction fans, here is one other author with non-expensive books worth reading.  I am writing this review whilst I am reading the second book in the series, and believe me, even if I am just a few chapters through it, I can already say that this review speaks for it as well.  Highly recommended.
 I've always wanted to dive into one of these book series about a cop, an attorney, etc.  Most of my friends have their favorite one or two, and it's all they ever seem to read.  After some sniffing around, I landed on this, the Joe Dillard series -- and after book one, I can finally see what all the fuss is about.  This book paints rich characters and marches them through crisp, orderly plotting, snagging you immediately and absolutely hauling you along for the ride.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book, and I can't wait for more!  If you dig series like this one and you're contemplating the Dillard series, JUMP IN!  You will not regret it!  And, if you're like me and wondering what the appeal to this sort of serialized storytelling is all about, this an awesome one to get wrapped up in!  Bravo, Mr. Pratt!
 I bought this book a few days ago and decided last night before going to bed that I'd read a few chapters. Biiiiigggggg mistake.  Closed the book at 3:34 a.m.  Finished.  Couldn't put it down. Had to read just one more chapter.  Thanks for keeping me up all night, Mr. Pratt.  I absolutely loved it.  Now I've ordered No. 2 in the Joe Dillard series and if it's anywhere close to being as good as No. 1, I'll be up again all night.  Right up there with Grisham and a hundred times better than Patterson.  Kudos on a very good book.
 I can only assume the writing gets better as the books are written. Confusing story line as there are literally five different stories in the book, and the author goes from one to another from chapter to chapter. I am going to get another book to see if things improve. Don't know how we are at nine books when Joe wants to quit and only has a couple cases left at the end of this book.
 Excellent legal thriller, believable in almost every respect. I immediately downloaded the second book, which says how much I liked the first one. I'm looking forward to all eight of them! All the characters were well portrayed, involving the reader at every step of the way, which is, in my mind, the single most important aspect of writing an engrossing novel. Plot matters, but the best plot which portrays wooden characters won't get very far on my reading list. i want to read about "REAL PEOPLE" or at least to be able to believe in them while I'm reading and even for a while afterwards. This one fits that bill. Thanks, Scott Pratt!
 I have always loved court/crime novels, so I gave this one a try based solely on the title.  It did NOT disappoint.  I am now on book 6 of the Joe Dillard series, and I hope they never end.  Pratt establishes a character that is easy to relate to and like.  Even when Dillard is angry and violent, he's still the good guy!  :) I also live in TN so I am partial to the settings as well.  Joe Dillard is such a "person" to me that I almost expect to see him out in town somewhere.  ;)  I always read at night and so I've meant to leave reviews for the longest time but just haven't gotten to it yet.  If you like John Grisham you'll like Scott Pratt, even more so maybe.  I don't want to spoil any plots so I will just say give Pratt a chance, I think you'll fall in love with Joe Dillard too.
 This is a good story, great characters, plot thick and, yes, even the second time I was in the grip of Mr Pratt.<br/>How often does anyone read a book twice and not realize it until the near end? Not often I would wager, however, I just finished this book, 'An Innocent Client' which I read I don't know how long ago and was so into this time as well it that I had no clue that this was reading two. I should have gotten a hint when Erlene frequently used the term, "well I swan". Not often does one use such colloquial phrases. That's not the point of my review. My point is this is a good story, great characters, plot thick and, yes, even the second time I was in the grip of Mr Pratt.<br/>Enjoy.
 This is the first book in the Joe Dillard series of legal thrillers by Scott Pratt. It is also the first book by this author that I have ever read.<br/><br/>Joe Dillard is a criminal defence attorney, that is he defends murderers, thieves, drug dealers, prostitutes and rapists among others. Although he has made a lot of success in this career, he is now fed up of defending such scumbags. Having now saved a considerable amount of money, he wants to quit the legal profession permanently but before that he wishes to defend at least one innocent client.<br/><br/>A preacher, Rev. John Paul Tester is found murdered and mutilated in a motel room. Phil Landers, a Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (TBI) special agent is sent to investigate. On checking the whereabouts of the preacher, Landers finds that the victim, although a man of God, had visited a strip club the night before. From there all leads point to a young beautiful waitress, Angel, who had been seen serving the victim in the club that night. She is immediately arrested on first degree murder charges. The club's wealthy owner, Erlene, being a close friend of Angel and knowing Joe Dillard to be one of the best attorneys around, pays him a hefty sum and hires him to defend her employee.<br/><br/>Dillard is convinced that Angel is innocent and is prepared to use all his skills and do everything in his power to defend her. But he finds many obstacles in the way and by the end his sanity and his life are put in jeopardy on more than one occasion. Will he be able to save Angel from death row? Is she really telling all the truth? What really happened in that motel room that night?<br/><br/>Apart from this case, Joe has to deal with his very own demons which continually return to haunt him from the past. There are also his drug-addicted sister Sarah and his bed-ridden sick mother in the picture.<br/><br/>All characters in this legal thriller are richly described and the dialogue believable. Joe Dillard is a very likeable character indeed and the court sessions are always realistic but never annoying.<br/><br/>I really enjoyed reading this book and will surely read the rest in the series to find out how Joe Dillard's life goes on.
 You know, I kinda like this author. There were spots where the storyline was weak, and the ending was a little to pat, but it was nice to read about the intricacies and procedures of our legal system being portrayed honestly for a change, not all good, not all bad, but somewhere in between. I feel like this is likely a freshman effort from Pratt, his first novel (I didn't research this opinion, too lazy, just guessing) and I see there are 4-5 books more in the series, already written and published, they're advertised in the back of this book. So the big question then becomes "will I buy another?", was the book good enough to warrant a further investment. You know what? I think it does. Entertaining read.
 This book was a great surprise.  I wasn't sure what to expect as I had not read anything by Scott Pratt, but it was a terrific story and so well written.  It took me 3 months to finish a book I was reading before, and this one only took a few weeks.  I MADE time to read because the story was on my mind.  I read all of Steve Martini's books until he got away from the courtroom and more into international spy-type books.  I was looking for something new.  This book by Scott Pratt was exactly what I was looking for and I just loved it.  He stuck with the courtroom and all that entails, plus the personal lives of those in the book fit in well.  As soon as I read the last page, I was ordering the next book in the series.  I'm anxious to get started on that one!
 I am currently reading book no. 7 in the Joe Dillard series. Every single book (1 through 6) has caused me to stay up way too late at night, and much too much fatigue the next day. Once I begin reading, I cannot put the books down until I get a reasonable break in the action. And they do not come too often.<br/>Scott Pratt does an excellent job with this series, and I look forward to more of Joe Dillard, because I have become quite fond of his wife, son and daughter, sister, and all the complication that goes on in regular families.<br/>Scott - I hope you write quickly, and have a few more Joe Dillard adventures in your computer.
 An Innocent Client started out rough and until I reached the second section, I nearly put this aside for something else to read. This was the first book I had read by Scott Pratt so I was not used to his style of writing...namely switching between writing in the first person for Joe Dillard and then switching to the third person for other characters. I felt that it was unnecessary and sort of a cop out on Pratt's part. And then there was Landers, one of the investigators...Landers alone nearly made me quit this book. He was such a sexist slimeball he made me feel dirty after reading his parts.<br/><br/>But thankfully he didn't have that much of a part in the second section, and I got used to the switching between first person and third person so it wasn't quite as jarring. And well, I actually ended up liking this book a lot more than what I had predicted early in the book. I still did not like the switching back and forth...I'm still holding onto the opinion that doing that was a cop out, but it was a good story. Exciting. Not sure if I'll read the rest of the books in the series though.
 I love the Joe Dillard series by Scott Pratt. Joe is a very likable guy with wonderful family values and high morals. Throughout the series he finds himself in legal situations that requires unconventional thinking and periods of unavoidable violence. I also love Joe's sidekick Sheriff Leon Bates. A great character that I wish existed in real life. The writing is wonderful and hard to put down. After the the first book I was hooked and continued until I'd finished the series. Hopefully there will be more Scott Pratt books in the future. I highly recommend these books for anyone that enjoys good character studies, legal thrillers, action and adventure. Enjoy!
 Easy to like protagonist, Joe Dillard. You learn a lot about him which I am counting on to help down the line in the series. But learning about him isn't a preachy sidebar jammed in. It flows naturally as the story moves along.<br/><br/>The dialogue is realistic, way better than most. I have a problem with stilted, forced, or otherwise unrealistic talk. None of that here.<br/><br/>The characters are also real and the main ones are not at all flat. Even the other side is interesting.<br/><br/>The plot works great and the surprises keep coming. The ending isn't at all phony or full of holes.<br/><br/>I think I'm gonna love this series.
 Lawyer Joe Dillard defends a pretty, sweet girl he hopes is innocent while he struggles with his own demons. There’s a few engrossing literary quality scenes in which Joe deals with overwhelming depression and guilt over his sister. The novel also contains some fascinating characterizations presented in an engaging and sometimes humorous manner. The novel is not completely believable, though this did not bother me because the book was such a fun read. Joe’s overly saccharine, overly supportive wife could have been better done, but this is a fairly minor detail. I think Scott Pratt’s book could have been truly great if he had been willing to more fully embrace some of the dark elements in his novel and in his main characters.
 Scott Pratt's "An Innocent Client" is a typical Scott Pratt book!  You just get so wrapped up in his writing that you just can't get enough!  His hero Joe Dillard is tough as nails, but you just want to smother him in a big hug.  All of his characters come alive and you really become attached to them.  Either you love them or you hate them!  I read my first Scott Pratt book and wondered why I had never read him before!  I totally became obsessed with them, and couldn't wait to read the next one.  Can't wait until he writes #9 Joe Dillard!  An Innocent Client, will not disappoint you!  Believe me!
 This book grabbed me from the very beginning. I am not usually very impressed with too many authors. Most likely they're new and I found their books entertaining and enjoyable to read.<br/>Great read. Keeps you interested. Lots of legal angles and I enjoyed the easy reading and the simplicity of the explanations. There's humor in how the characters think and act. The plot is brilliantly written.<br/>When you find a book that you just can't wait to see what happens next.... sweet victory! The great thing about that is the entire book had so many clients you spent the entire day trying to figure out where and if the innocent client even existed.<br/>Cant wait to read the next one.
 I do believe that Mr. Scott Pratt, may have surpassed John Grisham in courtroom drama.  He has the education, and maybe the experience to give his stories the realism that only compliments the story line.  In addition, there is a touch of sarcastic humor that gives the reader a brief yet welcome respite from the darkness of life.  This is a great read and what is really refreshing is that Mr. Pratt is doing all of the presentation on his own.  Bravo!! Well done!!!
 Author Scott Pratt has created an excellent first novel of a frustrated lawyer who struggles with his shattered dreams of what the legal profession should be instead of what its turned out to be, while continuing to provide a "best defense" for some of the most unsavoury characters you would never want to meet!  Add to the mix a "Madam" whose endearing 'honey bear' and 'sugar pie' sweetness disguise a very clever, creative mind that threatens to overturn the whole defense strategy! A great read with just the right mix of clever plot, legal procedure, humour, and thrilling action!!
 An unlikely combo of persons, but maybe better described as a microcosm of a slice of life. All these folks are somewhere, generally not together though, at least I hope not. Make up your own mind about that.<br/>Very good character development, and the story is complicated enough to keep you reviewing the characters to keep up with this fast paced suspense story.<br/>The author is obviously well versed in the law as he takes advantage of every trick in the book.<br/>The principal does go from novel to novel, and each is stand alone as the stories are not necessarily related. Dillard is a likable guy, very human.<br/>If you like suspense, you will love this. It is a pleasant, page turner.
 This is an excellent book about a criminal lawyer who defends mostly guilty clients. As the protagonist of the story, he is a very likeable man, who deals realistically with his clients and family. The author addresses issues like addiction and sexual abuse with a keen eye and a sensitive style that brings the book's characters to life. The book is also extremely well-written, and his characters are well-developed. Moreover, the scenery, plot, and theme are consistent and cohesive. Finally, the author has wit, perception, and vast knowledge of his subject: the law. In a nutshell, you will truly enjoy this book. Wonderful job Scott Pratt.
 This was the first book I read that was written by Scott Pratt. Really enjoyed it! I found the main character, Joe Dillard, very likable.  There were a number of interesting characters and unexpected twists and turns that kept the story moving. I love mysteries and trying to figure out the plot. This story had an unexpected outcome and kept me guessing until the end. I've just finished the third book in this series and will keep reading! All three stories I've read in this series are well written, fast moving and gave me interesting glimpses into the law. Highly recommend!
 I wasn't sure I was going to like or finish this when I first started because Landers was such a pig of a character, but let's just say karma took care of him. I found some parts quite humorous especially towards the end. My only negative is the editor missed the mistake where Angel tells her story and states that the victim took off his clothes both before and after the incident. I read that several times thinking maybe she was just confused in relating the events, but Dillard never commented about it so I can only conclude it was an oversight. I'll read #2 for sure!
 Scott Pratt's An Innocent Client starts off simple enough - the exhausted defense attorney questioning his future as he must defend yet another client who is not only lying but also guilty.  All he wishes for is An innocent client.  When the universe aligns and delivers him a young, doe-like, overwhelmed beautiful client accused of a murder that not only lacks physical evidence but also comes with a alibi witness who vouches for her the attorney feels he has finally found his innocent client.<br/><br/>Pratt's Joe Dillard is well developed and paced nicely that as a reader that set up alone will have you sitting back and looking forward to the predictable premise to play itself out.  However, Pratt has other plans as the novel takes you on a series of twists and turns culminating with one of the more satisfying finishes that will have you immediately rushing out and ordering up the next book in the Joe Dillard series (i know that's what i did).
 This is the first in the Joe Dillard series, and I'm definitely looking forward to the next one!! The main character,  Joe Dillard, is a top-notch criminal defense attorney counting down the days til he can retire from his practice - he's tired of representing murderers, thieves, drug addicts - even though that's his job and he's very good at it (and gets paid very well for it!) He's winding down his last cases when he gets an opportunity of a lifetime. He wishes for just one 'Innocent  Client's before he closes up shop, and this awesome opportunity might just be his wish coming true!!<br/><br/>The characters are all likeable (except one of Dillard's nemeses, the TBI Agent on the case, Phil Landers, who is a sleezy womanizer), and the twists that come out in the storyline are well worthy the read!! You'll definitely be glad you branched out into this world!!
 Scott Pratt is one of the few great writers of our time! He develops his characters, which is so rare in the new wave of inexperienced writers that have e-published 'novels?' that are pure trash.<br/><br/>I so enjoyed the main character when I first read this book when it was first published. Mr. Pratt's dedication is evident in his development of an intelligent, thoughtful and interesting lawyer, by the name of Joe Dillard,<br/><br/>The gift from Mr. Pratt? I now have six more books to reread that will again grab my interest, and attention that has unfortunately not happened in a long time...finding books of Mr. Pratt' s caliber is difficult. And now he has graced us with a new book, number 8 in the Joe Dillard's series.
 I am a trial lawyer myself, so I enjoyed this one.  Joe Dillard is a well-developed character and the plot here kept moving and held my interest throughout.  The quirks and intricacies of rural Tennessee law were particularly nuanced and interesting.  The oddities of the various judges was hilarious, and certainly rang true.  I thoroughly enjoyed this one.  RJB.
 I'm an avid reader, but a very picky ready.  I like books that move at a good pace but have substance.  I have read EVERY single Sidney Sheldon book (man is a genius) and a lot of John Grisham and James Patterson.  Scott Pratt reminds me of a mix between Grisham and John Locke. If you're going to write a page describing the room, you're not my kind of author.  Smooth, fast, and interesting are what I like.  I was pleasantly surprised after deleting so many samples in search of a good read!!  Look forward to continuing the series.
 This book and the following books are excellent.. I loved the storylines and I loved the main character. Scott Pratt takes a regular guy working for a living as a lawyer in anytown USA and develops these plots around crimes that happen everywhere. The main character "Joe" has a life so he intertwines his ups and downs and friends and enemies into the story, If you want a good book with an imaginative plot and something to entertain you then these books are for you, I real a lot cause I travel a lot and have a lot of time on my hands and so sometimes I will read crap just to have something to read but when I start one of these books I have a hard time putting it down. They are great.
 I am very impressed with this author &amp; with this book. I plan to buy the 2nd in the Dillard series today before I go in for surgery tomorrow. . I read all the great series... Harry Bosch, Lucas Davenport, Mickey Haller, Alan Gregory etc etc &amp; I am a stern critic of bad writing. The plot was excellent. The story flowed without a flaw. The characters came alive &amp; Earline was one of the most memorable people I ever met in fiction. I will definite tell readers that they will not be disappointed &amp; urge them to read this first novel &amp; enjoy an excellent story.
 The book was so good, I'll read the entire series. Looking forward to going through Joe's next few chapters in his life with him. I stumbled in this book and I'm glad I did. The story just seems so real at some level.  Joe, the "hero", is a normal guy.  A good guy with a family similar to mine who works through his life with the goal of providing for his family. But he does it by defending murderers. There isn't too much violence or sex in the book - just enough to keep us in the real world. The good guys are flawed. The bad guys have good qualities. It jus shows there is good in all and not so good in all.
 I liked Joe Dillard' s character role in the first installment of the 'Joe Dillard Series.'  He's seen war zone trauma on the battlefield and in the courtroom. He is faithful to his wife Caroline and his daughter Lilly and son Jack. I particularly liked his restoration and healing of his relationship with his sister Sarah who was abused as a child. There was a-bit much of violence, abuse, lascivious sex and murder in this opening episode. I'm looking forward to Joe switching roles, to that of a prosecuting lawyer, in the second installment, 'In Good Faith.'
 that will have you turning pages long into the night. Scott Pratt introduces us to Joe Dillard, a disillusioned criminal defense attorney, in “An Innocent Client” . He’s made the decision to retire from the law, after practicing for 15 years or so, and is hoping for just one truly innocent client before that happens. The book is full of rich dialogue and snappy courtroom repartee. The violence, language and sexual content would be PG-13 level. Pratt is masterful with relationships and tension building. It looks like there are 7 more books in this series...I’m gonna see what Joe’s up to, for sure.
 This book got me hooked on Joe Dillard! He is the kind of person I would like to know. Joe is complex, moral and yet down to earth when considering the frailties of those he deals with, including clients, family, others and himself.<br/>Scott Pratt knows how to engage his reader and keep his characters compelling whether they are the bad guys or the good guys. His writing style is easy to read and establishes the kind of rapport that makes for high fives in real life.<br/>I am on book 7 now and still enjoying each as much as this first one. By now I feel like one of his family and have become interested in all his  character's lives to the point that I worry about them until I can go to his next book and see how they are all doing.
 Since this is Scott Pratt's first book I wanted to leave a review and let him know I really enjoyed this novel.  I came across it while browsing for something new to read.  I seem to be in a rut with reading the same people and wanted something different.  Scott Pratt, as it turns out is a good storyteller. This story well written; it held my interest, which isn't always easy to do anymore.  I really liked the main character, Joe Dillard who is a good, honest lawyer who is compassionate and smart but doesn't always like defending the guilty bad guys he is assigned by the judges. A former Army Ranger who can handle himself when necessary, a good husband and father, which makes his character richer and more appealing.<br/><br/>Good book, Scott.  I already got the 2nd Joe Dillard book to read.
 Don't usually read fiction but will occasionally do so to get away from reality and for $1.99 there was little to lose. This book was a great surprise. It's like getting in a car to drive around the block and then ending up 500 miles away and wondering how  you got there. Solid characters presented in a believable story line by a writer whose style was tuned to my ear for words.  Mr. Pratt is pretty much an in your face writer who, unlike many doesn't seem interested in impressing (boring) the reader with his overwhelming knowledge of the history of the comma. I'm old and have been reading a long, long time and now I'm to the place where I refuse to waste what little time I may have left with a book I don't like just because I bought the darn thing. I really liked this book and immediately purchased the second in the series. At $1.99, this man's words are criminally underpriced.
 If you haven't read any of Scott Pratt's books yet, you're in for a treat. His books are beautifully written and flow naturally.  Written in first person, the story makes it easy to identify with the main character, Joe Dillard. We share his triumphs, his heartbreaks and his anger. Pratt's stories give the reader insight into what lawyers go through when trying criminal cases and how those brutal and complicates cases work themselves into their personal lives.  I've read nearly all of Mr. Pratt's books and plan to read the rest. They're suspenseful, enlightening, and entertaining. Highly recommend!<br/><br/>This book, in particular, had a surprise ending that left me, after reading well into the night, reeling and wanting more.
 The first thing that strikes me about Scott Pratt's series is that they are self-published.  The paradigm has been that self-publishing means second (or third) rate writing.  This is simply not true is Scott's case.  These are fun, imaginative reads that frankly, improve as the series continues.  This is in stark contrast to all but the creme de la creme.  Make no mistake though, #1 made me hungry for more.  He has the gift.<br/><br/>My brother, an attorney, turned me on to Pratt's books and I simply cannot stop reading them.  I admit that I am an aspiring writer myself but the Joe Dillard series has taught me as much as the writing books I have read.  His writing breaks many of the "rules" of noveldom but he does it with great skill that moves the story forward.  Rather than each book building on the previous books, Pratt's variety of plots makes reading them out of order possible even though I would recommend you read from book 1.  He clearly has certain issues that are close to home and it is this over-arching family adventure that makes one want to read every word.  It's not Polly Anna-ish at all and at points makes you want to cry but that is life; with all its good times and oh... not so good.<br/><br/>One thing that must be mentioned is Pratt's knowledge of the law.  I live a couple of states north so learning about Tennessee law and politics is both educational and fun.  As I begin the last book in the Joe Dillard series (#7) I can only hope that # 8 is not far behind.  The publishers that didn't choose to publish deserve the revenue they didn't get.
 This story has interesting characters, albeit some are clearly unsavory, and not always the criminal. However, the complexity of people is carried forward in this story and I think that almost any reader can find a character they understand.<br/><br/>The plot has some surprises, the atmosphere in the courtroom is well represented, the pace of,the tale  is good. I don't want to say more and possibly ruin the story.Enjoy a good read.
 This is a true page turner from an author who has a degree in English and a JD. Tomorrow I will start the second book in the series. Written from the perspective of a somewhat jaded defense attorney, he keeps the reader involved in his current cases as well.as his war stories of old cases. The characters are very vivid and unforgettable. He is spot on keeping the readers in suspense. I can almost guarantee you will be hooked after this first book.
 After reading several spy/drama/thriller titles from self-published authors here on Amazon, I dealt with occasional plot twists that strained credibility just a bit too much, sometimes rough grammatical constructs in the storytelling that hindered the smooth, seamless flow of a story well told (as done so well by Baldacci, Ludlum, Clancy, Grisham, Connelly, etc.). My expectations were lowered even as I looked, and hoped to find, a new author that would prove an exceptional storyteller. Well, Scott Pratt is the real deal! Well told, sufficiently gritty but not gratuitous in any extremes, excellent characters (like the lead, Joe Dillard) that are well developed, authentic and resonate. Highly recommended—and I'm eager to start book #2 in this series!
 I stumbled across this book and fell in love with the author's writing.  His stories are interesting and have turns and twists that I don't see coming.  In addition he has a beautiful way of turning a phrase that makes me stop and pay attention to the actual writing.  I love that.  I just began the 4th "Joe Dillard" book and I'm glad I'm reading them in order because -and this is the only con I have noticed- at the start of each book Mr Pratt rehashes what went on before and, unfortunately, reveals some important outcomes from the previous who-done-it. I so enjoy finding a mystery series that is new to me and I intend to read Scott Pratt's books as long as he writes them.
 I did like this book. It kept my interest throughout the whole story. It was well written, and I feel that the author knew his subject well. The story was interesting,  the characters were likable,  and the book was good from the first page.<br/>I would recommend this book to people who like reading stories that are not predictable. This book also had an element of mystery to it.<br/>I gave this book  a star rating because it kept my interest throughout the whole story line. I’ve enjoyed learning about the law and how it works. I feel that Scott Pratt did a good job enlightening  me.
 I like a flawed hero and I loved Joe Dillard in this novel. He was really believable. Juxtaposing him with the cop was brilliant. Erlene was a kick. It's so much fun to love a smart, noble, bad girl that I couldn't wait to see what she'd come up with next. The last chapter was worth the wait. I actually chuckled along with Joe. Erlene is a jewel of a character. I'm moving on to the author's next Joe Dilllard book. I think I'll like him as a prosecutor even more than as a criminal defense attorney.
 I read a lot and it has been awhile since I found a book I really enjoyed. This book has well developed characters — some likable and some not — that you can get into.  It has several plot lines without running way off track or allowing any of the secondary stories and characters to run amuck and foul up the story being told. It has murder, rape, a cat house, abuse, religion, family drama, drugs and best of all a terwiliger (you will have to read the book to see what that is and you won’t be disappointed, trust me). A well delivered legal thriller. Read it, you won’t be disappointed.
 If I were a lawyer or a law student I would have been fascinated and appalled at the same time at the unbelievable incompetence of those small town lawyers and judges.  However, I am the average reader and the day-by-day recounting of circumstances in- and outside the courtroom as well as the painfully detailed saga of the defendant's mental problems day after day and year after year soon began to drag.  I hung in there although the ending was totally predictable because the writing is, of course, very engaging - it is Grisham after all.  The only almost unbelievable surprise toward the end was the fact that those small-town legal minds never gave up and were unable to accept criticism and defeat.
 I was unfamiliar withe the author or his main characters, but I am impressed with how Joe Dillard and his wife and children are such an integral part of the story. Joe is obviously a good attorney and quite skilled in his work and in his perception of people. He is also torn between what he needs to do for his client and what he needs to do as a husband and father. But it all comes together, and that’s what makes for an outstanding legal mystery. I recommend this series of Joe Dillard legal mysteries to anyone who likes Grisham or Baldacci.
 The twists, and there were plenty of them, we're at just the right time and made just the right amount of sense. Characterizations were excellent and I saw no mistakes well maybe one. I liked it looking forward to the next one. I read some of the not so good reviews, mostly having to do with too much disrespect for women etcetera, but in the end this guy is a bad guy so why would you expect him to act like a good guy? I thought it was very well done.? I thought it was very well done. I'm not I'm writing a mystery myself right now and I must say that I learn a lot from authors like Scott Pratt an David Baldacci
 I had never read any of Scott Pratt's books and was looking for another Law/Lawyer/Courtroom writer (after Michael Connelly since I have and read all of his books now) and I figured I would try Scott Pratt and low &amp; behold he captured me and I loved "An Innocent Client" so I ordered every single book he has written and am currently on his 6th Joe Dillard book and am starting to get jumpy because I do not know what I am going to do once I have finished all of his books. What a great writer, I am glad I bought his first book but am terrified (LOL) to get to his last book, especially if both him and Connelly do not start publishing at least 5 books each a year...LOL; he appears to like killing off people and has me wondering if a new and favorite character is going to dye all the time, the suspense kills me and I LOVE IT!! If you love lawyer &amp; court books with the associated investigations then you should try this writer, I find him excellent.
 This was the first book I've read by this author. I was looking for something new that also had an inexpensive audiobook option and I came across this book and read the positive reviews. Interesting characters and story and a quick read. I just ordered the next few in the series, which have also received very positive reviews. I saw that he is an independently published author, which I'm sure keeps costs lower for readers since his publisher isn't going to be one of the huge names, so no big money for advertising. Word of mouth is everything! I wish him the best.
 I too was attracted by this book’s 11,000+ reviews and high rating.  I’m sorry 11,000 readers have never read a truly exciting, thrill-a-minute, police procedural with interesting, likeable characters.  This was Nancy Drew-ish at best.  Try a Grisham novel if you want to know how these kinds of stories get told and grab you by the throat with pulse pounding plot twists.
 This is book 1 in a series of 6 books and based on this one...I will continue reading the series.  Joe Dillard, the main character, is likable, vulnerable and a down to earth type of man who is also believable.  He is bothered by things that have happened in his life, professionally and personally. The cast of characters in the storyline are a mixed bag.  The relationship with his mother and sister play a big part on who Joe becomes as a man and he is just figuring it out.  At times I felt like I was reading a John Grisham novel.  I also appreciated a book without profanity in every sentence.  A good read and look forward to the next book and to see how Joe changes.
 It's a fun and curious story.  I didn't take it too seriously, and I found welcome humor.  Reminds me a bit of Karl Hiassen, a writer I really like.<br/><br/>I like the main character, Joe Dillard, Defense Lawyer, father he never met (killed in Vietnam), he and his sister raised by his mother, Grenada battle vet, coming to terms with his life.  Good guy, good family.<br/><br/>He juggles his own issues and three death penalty case that are pretty wild.  Yes there is swearing, a bit of bloody goo but nothing gratuitous.  Keeps the story line rolling.<br/><br/>I gave it four stars because "I liked it".  I will likely try book two to see where it goes.
 This mystery was great. It is the first time in a long time that I have read a book that I couldn't put down. My normal activities went without attention for a while and I missed some sleep as well. But it was well worth it. The only negative that I can express is that in the very beginning I thought it was a little slow. Other than that I found it to be the best mystery I have read in a very long time. I recommend it to anyone who loves reading mysteries.
 This is an interesting start to a crime series.<br/><br/>The core of the novel is the ethical dilemmas that Joe Dillard struggle with. There are no easy resolutions. His idealism is being tested throughout this novel, and was shattered by the end.<br/><br/>This novel is a good mixture of criminal justice procedural, and action.<br/><br/>However, I did cringe at the continual characterisation of the perfect American family.
 This was engaging, entertaining, and believable.  I thought the writing was excellent -- the author's narrative style -- which switches back and forth between 1st and 3rd person -- worked well.  The hero is an attorney who is a strong, honorable person practicing in what is often the cess-pit of criminal defense.  He reminds me some of Spencer (of the Robert  B Parker series).  The author knows his stuff about the legal system -- and how to work it.  I am going to continue reading the series.  Can't wait to read his next case.
 This is the one that got me hooked.<br/>I figured I'd try the 1st in the Joe Dillard series and I'm glad I did. As soon as I finished I wanted to start the 2nd.<br/>If you like Grisham and Baldacci, you'll like Scott Pratt as well. As soon as the story begins, you want to keep reading. Like those other well-known authors,he's very easy to read. He has a real gift for weaving a story and building mystery and suspense and drama. Plus his endings are not let downs as is true for many authors. His endings are as satisfying and rewarding as the rest of the book.<br/>I just started the 6th in the series. Like I said, I'm really hooked and, again, if you like Grisham and Baldacci and some of the other best authors of that ilk, you'll really like Scott Pratt and this Joe Dillard series.
 I was very pleasantly surprised that I enjoyed this book so much. It is an easy read. By that I mean that even though there is a fairly large cast of characters, it was easy to keep them straight. I had to put the book down for a week but unlike most books I put down I actually came back to finish this one. It's that compelling and it was easy to pick up where I left off. Character development is perfect, not overly drawn out and detailed but complete enough that I felt I knew each one. And it kept me completely engaged. I didn't once want to put the book down. If you like legal thrillers this is a very good one. I hope Scott Pratt's other novels are equally as enjoyable to read.
 I am on my 4th Joe Dillard series book, and I read them all on my Fire HD.  Scott Pratt was an excellent author, and his books keep you emotionally involved and make you feel like you are part of the plot.  This book is the one that got me hooked, and the 2nd one is even better.  Highly recommended.  Unfortunately, Scott died in November of this past year in a diving accident.  I will feel very empty ofter I finish all nine books, knowing that there will be no more.
 Thought I’d try this author, as I love Randy Singer books. Let’s just say, there is no comparison. Scott Pratt writing is unimpressive with lewd comments and sexual innuendo everywhere. When an author has to take up space with that they’re not very good. I don’t get the high ratings. He offended me about ten times in three pages. Not worth the money. Read a Randy Singer book and you’ll be pleased.
 Enjoyed reading this murder mystery.  Good character development and believable storyline.  Not really a surprise ending, Pratt deftly leads you thru the legal process and near the end you're pretty sure where everything is headed.  The main character Dillard is a busy lawyer and I enjoyed the side stories of the other cases he was juggling while defending the innocent client.  Pretty sure I'll read more of his Joe Dillard books.
 How Dillard is that greatest of beings: an honest attorney.  He is totally fed up with the system of laws and courts, of police and prosecutors, of judges and juries and defenders wherein the truth never rises to the surface and justice is rarely found.  Wanting out, he prays for an innocent client whom he can defend with a clear conscience.  The system gives him his wish --- but in the strangest way.  Good reading.
 I am not sure how I happened upon this book initially, but I'm glad I did.  This author has an easy style that captivates the reader and holds one's attention.  The characters are believable and the circumstances relatable. You feel the lawyer's personal struggle as he defends clients who have done some pretty bad things, but you also see that he is working in a system that is hardly perfect.  The plot is not particularly complicated or convoluted, but developed enough to be interesting!  This book makes a great airplane or beach read.  Looking forward to the next one in the series.
 I have read all of the joe dillard books, the first Darren street book, and River of Fire. All of these books are extremely well written. The characters development is excellent and dialogue flows well. Some writers, John Grisham is one, write very good books but sometimes the writing is a little stiff. Some, like Stephen King, can develop realistic characters. You feel you really know them and the story just flows. Scott Pratt is excellent. His storylines are along the like of Grisham, but his character development is much better. Along the lines of King. If you don't care for legal thrillers, try River of Fire. Wonderful story.
 I have just "found" the Joe Dillard series of books and just finished "An Innocent Client". I loved it. I have printed out a list of all the Joe Dillard books and will read every one of them in order. I just love it when I find a new (to me) author with a character I really love. Not being an author myself I'm not sure how to get you to read the book other than to tell you other characters I love...Jack Reacher, Joe Pike and Elvis Cole, Amos Decker, all of Sheldon Siegal's books etc...to give you a flavor of what I like.<br/>Have a good read.<br/>TB
 This was the first book in the series and the first one I have read by the author.It was the perfect rainy day book. Flirty Southern villains, a seemingly babe in the woods client, a defense attorney so disgusted with his job he wants to hang up his suspenders and other nefarious characters make up the  courtroom crowd. I got a good sense of the characters and I am looking forward to finding out more about them in book 2.
 Intelligent and fascinating weave of criminality, mystery, suspense, courtroom drama, psychological intrigue and character-driven plot as Joe Dillard straight lines through the twists and turns of legal and illegal victims, lawyers, prosecutors and heartfelt personal relationships as he awaits the opportunity to defend his first truly innocent client, all the way to the end!<br/> Admirable writing! Interesting characters, every one, and a genuine knowledge of humanity.
 Came across Mr. Pratt through one of those Amazon "suggested reading" pop-up. Normally I ignore them but he caught my eye. I love legal thrillers, and since I've sworn off Grisham for becoming too political, I gave book 1 of the Joe Dillard series a try. If this is his first book, I can't wait to read the rest of the series. This was a great read, with characters identifiable to common folk and a great plot. I could nit-pick some of the small details, but I'm sure he's corrected those issues. Onward to more Joe Dillard!!
 If you're like me and like reading legal thriller series which carry on with same key characters, start with this one. Joe Dillard, a lateral thinking lawyer, makes his debut in this intriguing story. There follow seven more well plotted books in which Joe tangles with some dangerous and thought provoking situations while at same time dealing with a difficult family life. They're love stories, they're whodunits, they're testaments to moral values and human frailty. Read them all. I have and loved them all.
 A quick read; started it after dinner and was finished in a few hours.  Good story with decent character development.  I got used to the switching between 1st and 3d person, but I'm not sure I'm a fan.  I'd rather have one or the other.  All in all an OK novel, not quite there.  However, I DID read it all at once, so it must have been entertaining.  I may read another of these, but I'm afraid that Joe will turn out to be like most paperback protagonists:  the more complex they become, the more unbelievable and contradictory they get.  But...I'll probably give the author another shot, he earned it.
 I had read all of my favorite authors and was looking for another mystery/thriller to read and with Amazon's suggested reads they listed author Scott Pratt books and I purchased the first one, "An Innocent Client". The book is interesting from the first chapter and continues that way for the entire book. He has several story lines going on throughout. The book was so good that when I finished I looked to get the next one where I found the box set of his first 5 books very reasonably priced. I am now on the 3rd book and have not been disappointed yet. I am glad that I found another author to read and look forward to reading the rest of his books in the near future.
 Scott Pratt holds my attention.  His plot set-ups seem always to begin with intense violence &amp; the intensity continues throughout with intense action and intensely frighteningly evil adversaries.  While I am reading, I am inserted into the world he creates.  While I am not reading, I would not like to be in that world.
 I rarely give 5 because there should always be something to try for.  Loved the story and laughed st the ending.  Am getting ready to read the next one.  I have one misgiving and that is the extremely bad light on Fundamental Christians.  We aren't all hypocrites and angry. Most are decent folks trying to get through life and do what's right.  OK, I do recommend this book to anyone who likes a good mystery and a twisted sense of humor.  Good job Scott.
 Scott Pratt is a very readable writer. I am an average to slow reader and I found myself quickly moving through this book because the tempo of the writing is so comfortable and the characters so easy to absorb and retain. Without lengthy or excessive descriptions, he is able to create characters that are easy to visualize  in your mind,  and enjoy a seedy murder mystery, if you like that kind of novel. When the mood hits me I will buy the next in the series.
 It's hard to surprise me anymore and even harder to keep me engaged, I've read so many thrillers I'm rarely entertained.However, this read offered compelling characters with real life issues and repercussions that drew me in with plot surprises that were tremendously entertaining. Spending time with as many intelligent, strong, female characters as there were men was a bonus.
 Having read all of John Grisham's books, I began browsing Amazon looking for something in the same vein. After running across this book, I decided to give it a chance, and I am glad I did. He may not be John Grisham, but he is certainly close to it. His storytelling ability, and character development is second to none.
 I came across some great reviews to Mr Pratt's books a year or so ago so I eagerly searched our public library system's list of available books, only to be disappointed to find that none of his books were there. Over time I forgot about him.<br/>Then when I finished my latest free eBook, I trailed through the list on my eReader to see who I might feel like reading next, based on the reviews I had read. When I saw his name, I perked up doubly - for one, I found not one but TWO free eBooks waiting for me plus - utter bliss - they were novel length and I was getting so sick of just getting into a good book only to have it end.<br/>I was not let down. I read hundreds - perhaps even in the thousands - of books in this genre per year, and my rating method as a result is pretty harsh. I range from the F through to A+ and probably 5 authors are currently on the A+ list. Mr Pratt's writing puts him firmly on the A list. He keeps it interesting from beginning to end, no boring bits, lots of great characters, a plot to get your teeth into, just all the good stuff! And did I mention this book was, at the time, free? Of course, there is only one action possible now - get on with reading his second book, straight away!
 Scott Pratt deserves every high star review he gets, in MHO. This one was a ride from the start, and kept me enthralled right to the end. His MC is beautifully written as a flawed character, and is made more believable because of it. The author also has a clever way of laying down red herrings and creating suspense. I loved it that I wasn't ever completely certain of what was going to happen next. As soon as I finished this one, I downloaded In Good Faith.
 The Joe Dillard series is the most riveting crime fiction I have ever read.  I am  through the fourth book in the series, and I know when I get to the end of the eighth book, it will be painful to wait for the next installment.  I love learning about criminology through Joe's eyes, and I fully concur with the character's disgust over corruption and the miscarriage of justice.  In Joe's world, the statue of justice isn't just blind, she is on her knees searching for her contact lenses.  The plots are fully developed, with lots of twists and turns, but even better are the character developments.  Joe's relationship with his brave and amazing wife, his wonderful and very human children, and even his dog make us care about these characters and worry for their safety.  We are also drawn in by Mr. Pratt's genuine, humorous, and sometimes exasperating characters, one of whom, Erlene Barlowe, would draw a smile and nod from Charles Dickens.  I started reading Mr. Pratt through amazon unlimited, but that wasn't good enough.  I ended up buying them for rereading.  Bravo, Mr. Pratt, and keep us in Joe's world for years to come.
 Got to page 84 and gave up. All the women are described as “beautiful” with lengthy descriptions of their big breasts and perfect bodies. People are described as either perfect and awful or bad and evil. Bought the book because advertising said the author writes similarly to Ridley Pearson. Not. If you like Stuart Woods, you might like this.
 I loved it!  Joe Dillard is my new #1 lawyer hero.  This first of a series is set in Tennessee.  The body of a preacher is found in a motel room, stabbed repeatedly and penis removed and missing.  Dillard is working other cases and is really fed up with his profession.  He doesn't like being a defense attorney.  All he wants is an innocent client, but they never are.  Joe has a good family at home, but his mom is in a home and slowly dying.  His sister is about to be released from drug rehab/jail and Joe wants so much to be able to help her.  And then the owner of the local strip club comes to Joe requesting that he represent a young woman accused of killing the preacher.  This is a great story!  Read it!  You won't believe how it ends.
 Thoroughly enjoyed a fast moving story.  The characters were sufficiently described that you could picture them as if a hologram created the individual being described.  Liked the book, style of writing and plot development so much, that I went on line and ordered the next three books in the series.. Another plus was the type of font chosen. The book was easy on the eyes to read.
 This novel blended a well described semi-rural Tennessee paradise as the scene of a murder of a truly despicable, immoral and fallen preacher. The characters are believable, relatable and easy to envision. There is no lag in this story. The characters interactions, their personal quirks and the plot are well presented as a FIRST RATE "WHAT CAN HAPPEN NEXT" suspense novel.  I loved it. A great read.
 I recently read Book 2 in Scott Pratt’s Joe Dillard series and I liked it so much that I decided to begin at the beginning and read Book 1, An Innocent Client. I have thoroughly enjoyed both books and will look forward to moving on to Book 3. The stories are very realistic and the writing is. Very well done. Thank you Scott Pratt for some quite enjoyable reading!!!
 I'm a big fan of thrillers &amp; suspense novels.  I stumbled upon this author. What a great find.  I really enjoyed the characters.  Lawyer Joe Dillard is multilayered with many interesting family dynamics.  A preacher is found murdered in a hotel room after spending the evening at a strip club.  The twists &amp; turns to find the truth kept me fascinated until the very end.  I have family in the south &amp; recognized a lot of these characters.  I already bought the next book in this series.  Excited to get started. !!
 Great legal drama with some fun twists and turns. A nice bit of depth to the characters and a good dose of silly playfulness to boot. I would say more about the trial and defendants but I don't want to be a spoiler. Easy read, not so intense that you can't go to sleep, but more than enough to hold your interest.
 It was brilliantly written, a masterpiece I should say. The events were masterfully woven and the conversations were just surreal.  Joe Dillard, the brilliant criminal lawyer, was so human, the good in him wanted to leave his profession but the future of his two children have him no choice but to stay on. His wife, Caroline, was perfect, loving him without reservation. I wish she were real.
 I really liked this book. I especially liked how well the main character was developed through the use of 1st person. Joe Dillard starts out as a pretty sleazy lawyer although we soon see he doesn't like himself for it. The story is not only a good mystery but Joe's journey from a person who is trying to shed the unfavorable opinion of others, through self loathing, and on to discoveries about himself that drew me in as a reader and makes me eager to read more of the series featuring this character.The person writing the critical review saying she stopped reading after the 4th chapter because of the author's disrespect for women did not read far enough. The main character has a beautiful relationship with his wife and family that is his salvation
 I liked everything about this book. It's well written in a believable, personal tone. The story line is just complicated enough while covering each character's point-of-view that I could not put it down. Not a typical lawyer/trial story - I look forward to reading more of Joe Dillard's novels and highly recommend this one as a good summer read and intro to Mr. Dillard's work.
 This review will not contain spoilers.<br/><br/>I have a soft spot for books that take place in locations I'm familiar with: Patrica Cornwell in Richmond,Va, Jefferson Bass in Knoxville, TN, and now Scott Pratt in NE Tennessee.<br/><br/>Being a paralegal, I was glad to see an author take a realistic approach to criminal defense. The general population, law enforcement included, has misunderstood defense attorneys for years. I was guilty of it until I took my criminal law course. My instructor also happened to be an ADA and he vehemently supported defense attorneys. Of all the people to support the defense, you's least excpect it to be the offense.<br/><br/>He taught me a lot more than just criminal procedure. He made me understand that everyone who has thier freedom or life at stake deserves defense. (Watch the movie Gideon's Trumpet.) He made me see that defense attorney's aren't really there to prove someone innocent. They don't have to prove anything. The State has to prove guilt. The defense is there to keep the State in line; to make sure rights were not violated, procedure was followed, and the evidence is tight. He said if you want adrenaline and drama, go in criminal law. If you want to get paid, go into real estate.<br/><br/>Many defense attorneys are there by appointment. Once appointed, you can't just walk away. You have to give a really good reason, and the judge can still deny it. Attorneys must continually take classes about new law (its always changes) to keep their license, and court appointments count. Your appointed attorney could be the top in his or her field, so don't discredit them!<br/><br/>Lastly, he showed me how an unfortunate portion of the poor make the majority of the criminals. (And the pay for appoinments is piddly. You'd make more as a waitress.)  They can only get representation through appointments. Our justice system is punative, not rehabilitative, so offenders usually go out to offend again, to the tune of about 80%. And our 'minimum required time' isn't fair. Crimes needs to be punished on a case-by-case basis.<br/><br/>Pratt really brings all of this to the forefront with thoughtful and engaging writing. You really see conflicts defense attorneys face when representing a guilty client. You see the unfair treatment they can receive for ensuring YOU have your rights. I hope more people pick up this book and really stop and consider if they are guilty of shunning defense attorneys. That person is your best friend if you ever get charged, guilty or not, with a crime!<br/><br/>I plan to read more books from this author. I hope they will all be as refreshingly honest as this one!
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Not only is it a legal thriller where you root for the good guy who doesn't have very many fans in his town but, you see that the law isn't always black and white. I couldn't put this book down and immediately bought the next book in the series. I loved every minute of this book, even the ugly parts.
 Twists and turn vividly displayed in a cast of characters, good, bad, and indifferent. The plot kept the reader intrigued as each character's personal strengths and weaknesses revealed the imperfect complexity of human nature. The revelations produced a fast-paced reading experience. I look forward to reading the authors next narrative.
 This is a very well written mystery, which dealt in tough subjects but was never maudlin. I grew up in North Eastern TN which was portrayed wonderfully like a trip home. Joe Dillard, played it smart every step of the way. Can’t wait to read book 2 in the series &amp; recommend this book highly to anyone who loves a great mystery &amp; page turner every step of the way.
 This book could have been a five star. It has strong characters and a good plot. However, the author chose to insert antidotes throughout the book that were raunchy in nature. They did not add to the story and in most cases detracted from the well-organized story. This book may have been better read to oneself as the narrator's choice of voices also distracted from the story.
 I've rarely read a legal thriller with as many twists and turns as this one has.  The protagonist lawyer has infringing personal problems that influence his clients cases which add additional twists that culminate in a deliciously suspenseful ending.  All in all a great read.  I plan on reading more from this very talented and creative author.  He's made me an adamant fan.
 Be ready for some disgusting characters. Too bad Agent Landers didn't have done to him what was done to the Reverend! And supposed halo wearing lawyer for slimy creeps of the world, Joe Dillard  just doesn't fly. He thinks one minute that his clients disgust him and the next minute that he has to do it to make the money to maintain his standard of living, whatever! Won't be reading anymore Joe Dillard mysteries.
 An avid reader friend recommended this novel to me as we share recommendations for new reads. This murder mystery was top notch! The plot and characters were very well developed. It isn’t often, anymore, that a book sucks me in from the beginning but, this one did. Great job by Scott Pratt as an author. So good, I downloaded the next book as soon as done with this book!
 A page turner, this book! You come to know and appreciate the struggles this defense attorney has (and realize that real-life defense attorneys probably struggle, as well). The twist at the end is something you wait for in a good read, and it doesn't disappoint, even though I had hoped for a slightly different twist.<br/>So I just purchased the next book in the series. That says something!
 I just devoured the 8-book Joe series in about 10 days. Yep, they are a fast and fun, twisty read and Joe is a bada$$. He's a bit of a hothead, but that just keeps things interesting, and imho, real. His family and friends are interesting, and his adventures full of characters to love or hate. The courtroom drama is clever and not a dull report of legalities. I enjoyed Scott Pratt's style so much I went to find his other stories... definitely watching for more Joe!
 Amazon was smart to offer the first book in this series at a slight discount, because I'm sure many, many (if not most) readers will be hooked.  I certainly am!  A great story, extremely well-written, with thrills, chills and twists; I can't wait to read the next one!
 I really enjoyed Scott Pratt's, An Innocent Client. The storyline was well thought out and moved along without dulling at any point. As a native Tennessean, the setting in East Tennessee made it even more enjoyable for me.  I am looking forward to reading more from Scott Pratt!
 I am homebound&amp; read everyday- most of the day. I am a  big  John Sanford fan &amp; Patterson, Connelly &amp; Stuart Woods for the past year ,have been "binge" reading books from above  authors,books I have missed recently Virgil Flowers (John Sanford) on Amazon suggestion I bought An INNOCENT CLIENT- found  the location &amp; people similar to above book,I read it in 3 days  ordered IN GOOD FAITH before I read the preview
 This was the first, but not the last, Scott Pratt novel I read.  After reading the first Joe Dillard novel, I quickly consumed the rest of the series.  The main character, Joe Dillard, in this book series is complex, multi-faceted, with principles that give him a desire to always do the right thing.  The book is very indicative of the southern roots, true to form.  If you are looking for a series to fall in love with, give this one a try
 A Great book. I found AN INNOCENT CLIENT both excellent and a great story. Told well by an obviously good writer with very good knowledge of the law. It has very appealing characters and is a real page turner. Highly recommended.
 A word to any prospective reader of this book -- and the six in the series that follow it: set aside a week in which you have nothing else to do but read, because once you start you won't be able to finish until you are, well, finished...with all seven books in the series. Pratt is an amazing writer and his books are addictive. The twists and turns in the story lines are mesmerizing and often surprising. Pratt deserves to be ranked among the best writers of all time. I can hardly wait to see what's coming next from this incredibly talented author.
 I cannot remember them cussing in this book. If they did, it undoubtedly was the bad guys. Joe Dillard is flawed,  but  not in a bad way. He feels very guilty about things past and shows it throughout the story, but comes across as a really strong character. He loves his wife. I like that. He doesn't lie. My Mom was forgiving about nearly all things, but would beat the thunder out of you if you lied to her. She figured that if you didn't lie, you couldn't do any great wrong. I agree.
 I really enjoyed this book!!  I love murder mystery/legal dramas!  In fact, that's the only type of books I read.  This book popped up on my tablet and I thought it sounded good, so I tried it!  I couldn't put it down!!  This author has a great ability to keep your attention.  At some times, my heart was pounding really fast!!  That's proof it's a great book!!
 I am shocked that this book got so many good reviews. The main character was not clever or even honorable. Just a lawyer making money by playing the system for some very bad criminals.  Bunch of descriptions of women working in the sex trade and the disgusting men that enjoy frequenting those type of places. I am going to throw this book away!
 This book did nothing exceptionally well, but produced a satisfying story that kept this reader involved to the end. I've read some pretty awful books of this type but I will have no trouble in going on to read the next book. And then I would hope to see if the standard is maintained. Unlike some authors, Mr Pratt kept the structure solid throughout and did not make the mistake of allowing the story to run away, or become loose and absurd.  Very enjoyable.
 I love this book obviously because of the well-written plot but also because it reminded me of Sheldon Siegel's Mike Daley series.  Both involve husband and wife legal teams and have the usual cast of unlikely suspects.  This book had a GREAT ending (no spoiler here!) and a true "justice served" outcome...looking forward to continuing with this series since I only have one more of Siegel's books left to read.  Don't miss it!
 For a first book - self-published - I was pleasantly surprised. The story line is good, the book grips the reader. The change from third to first person and back works well. I would recommend it and am already reading book 4 in the series. The author intermingles work and home life well and adds to the story line.<br/><br/>As this is a self-published book, I am assuming that the author did not have the assistance of an editor. This is a pity as sometimes he is in need in guidance as to what not to write. That said, this error has all but disappeared in the subsequent books in the series which I am presently enjoying.<br/><br/>I think Scott Pratt is a good story teller and his books well worth reading and enjoying.
 Scott Pratt did a great job of developing his characters .<br/>I loved who I should love and "hated" who I should have, yet understood them all because of the skillfull writing.  I<br/>I was kept in suspense, I laughed, I cried.  I loved this book and now I am on to my next Scott Pratt novel with anticipation.
 After reading this book, I read all eight (to date) of the Joe Dillard series and I have to say that they are some of the best legal thrillers out there.  They remind me of the early John Grisham novels (before he got a little lazy).  Each book is a well crafted story without the repetitiveness that is so common in "series" novels with the same group of characters.  By the way, his stand alone novels are excellent as well.<br/><br/>If you enjoy the legal thriller genre, I can assure you that you won't be disappointed with Scott Pratt's work!  I am looking forward to the next one....and the next!
 I enjoyed every aspect of this book; kept my kindle by my side wherever I went.  What I liked is that the author brought in some family issues and personalities that eventually led back into the main story line, which I didn't realize at the time, but as I read forward, saw the connection.  A couple of surprises and easy to follow.<br/>Looking forward to book 2
 A good read and worth an afternoon of intrigue. Joe Dillard is an honest lawyer with a long list of guilty clients. Can't fault him for the acts of others but when he defends Angel, you know he's in trouble. A book full of flawed characters, a few too many scenes from the movies, a few impossible but full of justice. Hire Joe Dillard if you like a fast paced, killer book.
 This guy is Good. I had read through both Louise Penney (who is darn near impossible to beat), and Michael Connelly and his Harry Bosch character along with his few stand-alone novels. All of them excellent reads. After being subjected to a few sub-standard fill-ins, I discovered Scott Pratt. He's a cross between Grisham and Connelly. Good read.
 I had no idea of what this book was about until I started reading it. It was about a place and a people that I knew for I once lived in East Tennessee. The story is very entertaining, well written, and while the characters may seem to be fictional, I can assure you there are many people in Unicoi County and Greeneville Tennessee that are very much like those described in this book.
 A good story and some fine character development.  I liked the East Tennessee elements, characters, and expressions; hope there's more of this in the series.  Clever plot twist at the end, though the closing arguments should have been included.<br/><br/>More depth than in the usual self-published book.<br/><br/>I'm sold.  On to the next book in the series.<br/><br/>Scott: you probably know this by now, but the victim took his clothes off twice.  On the same page.  Your editors should have caught that.
 One of the best books I've read in a while. The writing was excellent. The book never bogged down. The short chapters were crisp and to the point. Often writers, even good writers, get so deep into a scene that they lose the reader with dragged out descriptions. It's as if they wrote 20 pages too many. This book had none of that. I'm looking forward to reading more of Mr. Pratt's work.
 A fabulous story about a criminal defense lawyer who is tired of dealing with guilty clients and decides it is time to find a different way to make a living. When the owner of a strip club approaches him to defend one of her employees he accepts the case in exchange for $250,000 plus expenses planning to use the money to fund his retirement. As the case progresses he learns the large payment comes with high costs.This book is well worth your money and time.
 I forget exactly where or how I discovered this book, but I bought it several weeks ago along with several other e-books and just got around to starting it this past weekend. I didn’t guess the ending, and that’s good. And the story moves along swiftly, and the writing is impressive. So, yes, of course I recommend it. I look forward to reading some of the books in the series.
 Sometimes when I see a 5 star review I'm a little skeptical. In this case I was not disappointed.  In Good Faith is one of the best books I've read in a while. It was witty, suspenseful and easy to read. My definition of easy to read is when I'm reading and it's not like I'm reading. More like I'm witnessing what's going on - the fly on the wall.  Now I'm on to the second book in the Joe Dillard series
 Mr. Pratt made the characters seem real; some of them quirky, but all believable. The story is fast paced, full of action, narrated by the lawyer who is tough, but a respectful human being. I enjoyed the book so much I am now reading the second one.<br/>The second one is not a continuation of the first story. It's another trial story - just as fast paced and intriguing!
 True enough, there must be some twist when the first innocent client was introduced.  The character Erlene is a real character. Kudos to the author for creating Erlene. Hope to find her in other Dillard's outings. Likewise kudos for creating a good lawyer in Joe Dillard. Anticipating my next read on Dillard's other adventures. Had a good time reading this book. Highly recommended.
 Loved this book. Plot had enough twists to keep you guessing and interested. The characters were well developed and had depth that was believable. I found myself rooting for some and hating others. I also appreciated that the main character was a genuine family man who had a moral compass. He struggled with his conscience and sometimes made mistakes. Today's culture rarely shows traditional family in a positive light. Great book.
 This was my first Scott Pratt book. I picked it up as an Amazon daily deal months ago, but had not been overly impressed with a couple of the other 'daily deals' I'd selected. But I needed to switch up genres and work through a collection of unread books, so I started this one, albeit reluctantly.  I'm so glad I did - I really enjoyed this story.  I tend to stick with the not-super-scary thrillers.  I don't mind suspense, and I've read my share of intense thrillers over the years.  But my preference now is to sleep at night (or take a walk after dark) without recollections of creepy or gruesome images.  This book kept a good pace and has me looking forward to the next in the series.
 This book is a good way to get to know Joe Dillard, a well-developed central character in Scott Pratt's series of books. Dillard is a lawyer with a good heart, strict values, and an above-average amount of self-awareness. He shows us the messy details of his day-to-day life, including that of his family. It all makes him very human and very interesting to follow. The plot is good, too.
 I like the fast-paced writing, the smart dialog and characterization. But I don't like the author's glorification of prostitution and defense layers. Or his portraying of all pastors and religion as pure evil. The author is probably traumatized by religion and self-righteous about prostitutes and drug addicts. If he could slow down the hate-speech the author will get 5 stars from me.<br/><br/>Edit: After finishing the book I lower my score to 1.5 stars. The high score the book has gained is coming from Progressive Liberal readers. Foul characters including the fake "hero" Dillard, foul language. All authorities, earthly or heavenly, are straw men characterized as pure evil. The author is suffering from phobia.<br/>No more Scott Pratt and his HRC-theme for me.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book... The author does an excellent job of developing the characters. I found myself loathing some and really pulling for others. It is honest and touches on some difficult topics. Joe is a great protagonist and I look forward to reading the next book in the series.
 1st time for me with this author. There are so many out there and Scott Pratt really surprised me.  When a criminal lawyer who done it  Can  Take me to that different world altogether and also make me cry and laugh, that is  exceptional.  I really can't wait to read the other books by Scott, I am sure they get even better. Thank you for being my entertainer. It is appreciated!
 This is my first book I've read of this series and I can't wait to read the others.  the writing is so engaging and flows so  well as it moves the story right along.  Scott Pratt is a great story teller.  I've recently read several other books by various authors that I had to skim through all the detailed minutiae, but not this author.  I am very impressed.  Couldn't put it down.
 I enjoyed this first book of Scott Pratt that I have read. Joe Dillard is a very likeable character and the book was very entertaining and a good read. The plot may have been a tad shallow but I would still rate it as a good legal mystery. The denouement was quite a surprise.  A good read.
 I got through about 25% of the book and couldn't go any further. The writing was average, at best, and the story line was obvious. I won't waste my time with this book or another too this author's. It's hard to fix mediocre!
 It’s my first time reading A Scott Pratt novel but it certainly won’t be the last.<br/>I started this morning and finished it by 11:30 pm , I got the audible too so while I was cleaning and then driving to work I was able to keep up with the story so it made my day go by so fast.<br/><br/>If you want a book that is fast paced that has you guessing and that you don’t want to put down read this book you will not be sorry.
 While this book was an easy read aka a beach book, it was well written and will hold your interest until the very end. In fact, I was sorry to come to the last page leaving lawyer Joe Dillard with his "innocent" client at last. I recommend "An Innocent Client" as a reprieve from some of a harder, faster mystery who-done-it.
 Just perfect.  A blend of interesting, good characters, well described, great plot and creative action in every chapter. Gotta love Joe Dillard and his wife, Caroline. And especially intelligent, charming Earlene, the madam in a "gentlemen's" club. Left me feeling good. Really good. Which is very unusual for a legal thriller.
 What a pleasant surprise! I never heard of Scott Pratt before and I read two of his books over the weekend. The plots were well crafted and the characters were multidimensional. I loved these books and will recommend them. One drawback is his lack of research in certain areas. In 2007, no one could keep a disabled parent in a skilled nursing home for one thousand dollars a month. I have personal experience after paying $5000 a month for my loving mother who had Alzheimers and was in a personal memory care facility for eight years. Also, in Book Two of the Joe Dillard Series, he uses an “eighties” approach to the rabies vaccine which is no longer an “extremely painful” procedure, albeit not pleasant but not what is was in previous generations. Other than some antiquated methodologies, these books were captivating in the treatment of law within the context of local politics. The characters are believable.
 I try to give my best and honest review, and usually the books I read are done very well because each author has their own strengths and weaknesses. This is the first book I've read where I couldn't find any flaws or holes in the story. The characters were really interesting. I also enjoyed the main character a lot. I can't recommend this book enough.
 Mr. Pratt did an excellent job developing the character of a defense attorney with ethics.  Not all defense attorneys are scum sucking vampires who are only after the money but are really trying to do the job of offering defense services to those who need it.  Sometimes those who need it are the lowest forms of humanity but in our legal system they still deserve a defense.  And as from my personal experience I know that District Attorneys are not just after putting bad guys into jail but getting a win regardless of who actually did the deed. I learned a lot from reading this book and enjoyed it.
 What looked like a detective/lawyer book from an unknown author that I deferred starting to read became one of those great books that are hard to put down. Everyone one has baggage, the setting is in the hills of east Tennessee where everyone knows everyone, but there is a joy and love in a story with four killings and several trials that don’t all strictly follow the rule of law.
 Poorly thought through, as some things don't add up and are invalid.Writer needed to check that there were no loose ends. Characters are also weak and look like skeletons rather then providing meat on their bones. Appears to be written by an amateur, who needs further training in his field, before he is taken seriously .
 I really enjoyed this book and the several in the series I have also read. The character development is excellent. This is a fast read. I went thru it in one day. It moves right along. I most enjoyed the mix of great family life but also struggles. It makes it all seem very real life.  While it is not as 'edgy' as some crime thrillers I liked it anyway because it was so realistic. The main character has doubts and concerns but is not a passive weeny either. He has a great sense of his own failings while having great confidence.  You'll just have to read it and see. I am now hooked on all things Scott Pratt.<br/>4 stars
 I thoroughly enjoyed this read. I immediately bought books 2, 3, and 4 in the Joe Dillard series and have read them this summer (2017).  I now feel like a part of the extended Dillard family. I have loved all four books. I haven't been able to find Scott Pratt books in my library system.  Sooo disappointed! Why aren't his books on library shelves. I will be buying the rest of the series. Reading them is like catching up with old friends.
 This was the first time I've read one of Pratts' books and I really liked it.  It was hard to put down each time I opened my Kindle because<br/>the storyline was so good.  I think he did a great job of developing the main character, a defense lawyer.  I really don't want to say much more<br/>because I don't want to ruin it for anyone.  I've now loaded his other books onto my Kindle.
 I do enjoy a good legal thriller.  An Innocent Client is just that kind of book. Joe Dillard is a somewhat conflicted reluctant lawyer whose  dream in life is to have just one innocent client. I am happy to report that this book is the beginning of a series of books by Scott Pratt. The author fills the book with a lot of stereotypical small town characters, some helpful and some harmful. The book held my interest throughout and my interest was piqued  by the way Mr. Pratt wrapped up the conclusion. I plan on reading the next several books to see if any characters are a continuing part of the next stories.
 I normally write short reviews but it's going to be difficult to do with this book. I enjoyed reading this book but it had slow areas in some places that I wouldn't have been expecting it. I would have liked to have more court room drama but after I got finished reading I realized that maybe it had just the right amount of legalese it may have destroyed a superb ending. I loved this novel and  was just on the edge of giving it five stars. This is the first book I've read by Scott Pratt and I am looking forward to his next. Great read.
 This reviewer is in fact an attorney who practiced law in small southern towns for over forty years.  I even handled a murder case or two, and I  identified with Joe.  His story was not my story, but it was very good fiction and has the feel of truth.  I wish my life had been as interesting as Joe's.  This is a very good read and I recommend it to anyone who likes courtroom drama.
 Scott Pratt ranks up with John Grisham, Scott Turow and other best selling writers of legal fiction.  His protaganist, Joe Dillard, is a complex man, an effective trial lawyer with sufficient personal flaws (a temper that is sometimes unchecked) and a compelling history, which make him interesting.  I've now completed reading the first three Joe Dillard novels and each one gets better and better.  If you are looking for a good, fast-paced read for the summer (or anytime), I encourage you to delve into Pratt's series.  I can't put them down, I'm enjoying them so much!
 Pratt, for the most part, creates a believable story, but the red Corvette, which magically appears and disappears as the story develops, and is the key to solving both the story and the escape of the guilty parties, is just too cute and too convenient.  The "professional" review that calls this the best lawyer book in a decade must've set the bar very low in his assessment, for it clearly does not rise to that status.<br/>Pratt does create a good list of characters, and a good story about lousy preachers (haven't we had just a too few many of these since Elmer Gantry?) but this is at best a mediocre book.<br/>But, for more fun, read the review of Pratt's In Good Faith.  Now there's a really stupid book.
 An Innocent Client was a very readable book.  It was fast paced, the dialogue was good and it kept you coming back for more.<br/><br/>One critical comment:  I am an attorney.  As such, it is my opinion that judges should be treated with somewhat more respect than the attorneys gave to the judges in the book.  Irrespective of one's personal opinion about the individual judge, I believe that their status as judges require a little more "Your honor" when addressing them.  But this does not tak away from the readability of the book.  Stan Epstein, Marina Del Rey, CA
 I had just come up out of reading several P.D. James novels so I had to readjust my mind as I began the first chapter wondering if I'd make it through because it seems so "light" in comparison.  I 'm glad I continued, however, since I found the writing style switching from first to second person intriguing.  I enjoyed sitting in the courtroom with a knowledge of the personalities involved, the judge, the attorneys and the witnesses examined.  Sometimes even the worst is justified.  I have ordered more books by this writer.
 I am reading "An Innocent Client" for the second time. I read it two or three years ago and thought it was great then. It had been long enough since I read it that I had forgotten how it ended so I enjoyed it just as much as the first time. I highly recommend Mr. Pratt's Joe Dillard series of books.
 Move over Connelly, Grisham and Patterson.  I couldn't put this down and immediately ordered the entire Joe Dillard series.  Each book in the series has a different storyline and the characters are portrayed in a way that draws you in an makes them so realistic and human. I will be waiting to devour the next Scott Pratt book.
 With this book I got hooked to this author for the whole collection of 8 stories. Few times in my long life as a reader I have been so interested in knowing what was going to happen next. A true page turner.<br/>Very knowledgeable of the profession and the judicial system Scott Pratt keeps you up at night to the wee hours.<br/>Highly recommended! I should have bought the 8 books set and save money, maybe you can do it.
 Some of the reviews almost made me regret this purchase and kept me from reading this book. I recommend this book by giving it 5 stars. The language and descriptions can be a little crude, but necessary to develop the plot and the characters. I had no problem with the author moving between first and third persons and letting the story develop from different voices.
 The first in a series of criminal attorney, Joe Dillard, and by author Scott Pratt.  This is a quick 2 day read, simply because it is difficult to put down.  Multiple cases interwoven into the plot; and characters well developed as well as 'GRISHAM'.  Looking forward to more of Joe Dillard from Scott Pratt.
 This is the best book I've read in quite a while. No vampires, witches or werewolves. I am a very avid reader and have well over 1200 ebooks. This one reminds me of John Grisham's style. A huge plus for me is there aren't any misused or misspelling in it. For some reason it seems people put stuff out there with no editing. It drives me mad to see so many errors in what could have been a decent book. I'm looking forward to reading more by this author. Would definitely recommend it to friends.
 This is an excellent book.  The storyline is well planned and full of action.  The characters came to life, for me, so well that I felt empathy with many of them.  The world is based on true  locations that I have traveled in which made it seem even more realistic.  I highly recommend it and hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
 It took a few chapters to clue into his telling the story from the first person of the main individual characters.  It felt a little choppy, but that is the only thing found a little unsettling.  The story was good with a twist, any details or descriptions furthered the story, not just fluff, and the characters were likeable. I enjoyed the read.
 Completed "An Innocent Client" with a laugh in my soul and appreciation for a book that truly touched me. The characters are flawed, believable, and you will find yourself relating to quite a few. Some are a just wonderfully fun (Erlene Barlowe brought about memories of Peggy Bundy of 'Married with Children"), the main character is a defense attorney struggling with most everything but truly loved and supported by his family and his client that has a battered past and present.<br/>You will enjoy the drama and the manipulation of the characters. Read. Enjoy. Laugh.
 Joe Dillard is a criminal attorney fed up with repulsive human scum that he defends in court and desperately hoping for one innocent client. It looks like he finally gets his wish; he is going to defend Angel, a young and beautiful girl who works as waitress in the strip club and who is accused of murder.<br/><br/>I did not like the book’s beginning. In the first few paragraphs I was introduced to the bloody corpse of whale-fat man with his penis sliced off. This was followed shortly by description the rape of the 9 years old girl. All these before I had a chance to familiarize myself with any characters in the book. There are more descriptions of violence and cruelty through the book, in my opinion some of them are not necessary because they are not directly connected to the main plot. This book is also about corruption of the justice system but there is no question that Grisham does a much better job on that.<br/><br/>Despite of the above book reads OK. People and relationships between them are attention-grabbing although both are often sinister.<br/>But after having read so many good reviews I was disappointed. However I also read that the later books in this series are supposed to be better so I am going to try one more.
 Amazon recommended this author, I assume because of my previous legal drama/thriller novel interests. If you like Grisham, Connelly, Sanford - I would be surprised if this author didn’t capture your attention. I have read the first three in the series and have not been able to put them down. Character development is on point and the storylines are not predictable. Joe Dillard is a bit like all of us - has the best intentions, but a flawed human nonetheless. It’s easy to like him and to cheer him on as he faces many adversities and battles the demons of a difficult childhood. I’m trying to slowly enjoy each book, because I know when I get to number nine, I will be eager for the next “fix.” But it’s hard to not get hooked and devour each one!
 This was a good book.  I did not give it 5 stars because there are some very uncomfortable subject matter in the book I.e. child abuse, sex abuse and rape.  To get all 5 stars, I have to love everything about the story.  I did not care for . A lot of the characters or for what they did.  I did like the main character and his wife.
 Very good read.  If Scott Pratt would add a little more humor to his characters he would be equal to what Harlan Coben USED to be.  Pratt's did a good job of building and describing characters in this book.  The ending was right in line with a Coben ending.  I am reading the second one now and will continue as long as Joe Dillard holds my interest.
 If you need a good book for a weekend getaway, this is it. I really liked the characters and the storyline. It was a fast easy read that was very enjoyable. I'm definitely ordering the rest of the series.
 I actually enjoyed this book so much I purchased every book Scott has written in the Joe Dillard series.  Every single one was good.  He has also written 3 other books with another attorney as the main character.  I purchased both of those and the third book in the series is on pre buy when it is available.  I certainly wasn't disappointed.
 I had read all the Harry Bosch, Mickey Haller and Jack Reacher books at least twice and was looking for something along the same lines, and I must say I was pleasantly surprised with Joe Dillard, who turned out to be everything one wanted, and more! I am on Book 3 now. If you like action, detective, lawyer-type novels, Joe Dillard is for you!
 Scott Pratt has created a fully fleshed out character in Joe Dillard. He elicits our sympathy as we learn what makes Joe the man and the attorney he is.<br/> The story is full of twists and turns, holding the reader's attention as we learn the truth. Each of the characters is well drawn. The conclusion leaves the reader satisfied. You will enjoy meeting Joe Dillard and his cast of characters. I have already ordered the second book
 I've read 3 of the Joe Dillard books so far.  Great reads!  Easy to get into and hard to put down.  I like this type of book when I'm traveling or just need to escape.  I consider these books to be John Grisham-ish with a little more action.
 I had to start with "wow" because I had never read a book by Scott Pratt before and I love it when I find someone that can make me not want to stop reading!  I enjoyed getting to know the characters of the story.  I laughed out loud, felt sad, and got a lot of enjoyment out of this book.  I shall be on to the next book by Scott Pratt!
 Enjoyed this book immensely and the reasons are the author developed the characters in such caring, intelligent, loving, kind, and enjoyable that you would like to be their neighbor or friend.  For a mystery, novel it was the author kept the story moving and definitely not boring.  Enjoy a great read.  I already have started the second one.  Thanks for finally writing the lead character as if he was real.  Not just part of the story but the story.  Thanks for the enjoyment of a unique way to begin a series of mysteries.  I will be one be one of your fans.
 Though I like attorneys more than car salesmen and politicians (and a LOT more than psychiatrists) most of them don't crawl any higher than that on my good guy scale. Joe Dillard, however tops the list of bad ass good guys. The story is great and well crafted, the action non stop and character development is top notch.  Read it !
 If there is a complaint, it is Mr. Pratt gets too far off the story by developing a second story. Which in this case, like others, is about his sick wife. I did not purchase this book to learn about cancer. I found the almost endless details of the hero's love, devotion and sorry for her medical problems somewhat boring. And, way off the point of the book.  But, having said that, I would give Mr. Pratt an A+ for his ability to tell a story. And the subject matter is excellent. This is a good read.
 This was my first Joe Dillard book and I will read more of them.  Scott Pratt writes like John Grisham and the stories have twists and turns that surprise you.  Dillard is very likable and, wonder of all wonders, is happily married to his high school sweetheart and normal as apple pie.
 I chose this book to read because of all the 5 star ratings and positive comments. I'm glad I did because I loved this book. It had a really interesting plot with lots of twists that kept my attention. The characters were likeable and multi-dimensional. I know it's a great book when I can't put it down and can't wait to pick it back up and continue reading it. I definitely am going to read the next book in this series. I highly recommend An Innocent Client. I also want to support the author because he is independently published. Scott Pratt deserves to succeed as a published author.
 Unlike a lot of Kindle free books, this was a good one.  I liked Joe Dillard.  I thought he was well developed and the other characters were, too.  Pratt got the southern speech pattern of Dillard's client just right,  I liked that the book wasn't very long and that Pratt wasted no time on what people were wearing or how a room was furnished.  I'm ordering the second book in the series right now and look forward to reading more of them.
 The story involves a small town attorney, his family,  his ambivalence to  his career  and a changing plot line  of legal cases.  the characters  are likable and adequately developed.  The story line bounces among small time legal cases and capital punishment cases.  It involves just enough legal detail to keeps ones interest. The plot involves his immediate family-- sister with a drug habit-- and characters with the variable amount of antisocial behavior  and personal charm.  Both the writing and characters  are sufficiently engaging to maintain interest  I hadn't read anything by this writer prior to this amazon suggestion.  But I will read  other works by this author.
 What a wonderful surprise! Scott Pratt’s ‘An Innocent Client’ is the exact combination I love to find. A new-to-me author with lots of books to plow through who writes well and tells a great story. In the vein of Robert Parker, Michael Connelly, John Grisham and Ace Atkins, to name a few. If you’re looking for a good read, you’re in luck, because you just found it!!
 I am a trial lawyer and avid reader of "legal thrillers". Finally a writer who tells an excellent story, that is completely in accord with real-life courtroom practice and procedure.And in carefully chosen words, thus keeping the book length down. I am on his bandwagon for good!
 This is my first reading of this author. The pace was quick from the very start. The characters were interesting and compelling in their own way. I really enjoyed this book and will continue to read more of the Joe Dillard series. I believe that I may have found a new character that would give me hours of reading pleasure.
 I had never heard of Scott Pratt but I figured I couldn't go wrong for 99 cents. It was a total surprise having read all of  John Grisham, Michael Connolly, and of course all of Joe Wambaugh who I had the privilege to work with on LAPD as Sergeants at Public Affaires Division. It was interesting to read about a Defense Counsel's perspective and the Court room dynamics. My favorite character Erlene  who took over management of the Gentlemens clubs after the death of her husband and charmed everyone with her Southern accent and wicked calculations. I certainly wouldn't want to spoil the book for anyone but please read it because I highly recommend it. After 21 years in LAPD I concluded my career in law enforcement as Police Chief in Redondo Beach for 10 years. Special thanks to Scott Pratt he is among the great ones like Grisham with this Legal thriller
 I really like the way Scott Pratt writes and I am thoroughly enjoying the Joe Dillard series.  I finished “An Innocent Client” in only a few days and immediately started reading “In Good Faith”.  Currently I am reading “Injustice for All”.  There is a common thread that runs through the stories, obviously, but each is quite different and unique in its own right.  Mr. Pratt does a great job making his characters believable and real.  Joe Dillard, the main character in the series, is someone especially likable and easy to relate to.  I particularly like his family – his kids and his wife, Caroline.  I love that he is happily married.  That is a rare treat in legal thrillers – or in almost any book, for that matter. I enthusiastically recommend giving “An Innocent Client” a try.  I think you will be glad you did and will most likely read more from this great author.
 This was the first book of Scott Pratt's "Joe Dillard's Series" that I read - I will be reading each and every one that follows. I enjoy the mixture of a 'mystery' and courtroom action, and this book filled all needs. A special treat to me is always when a good novel is an author's debut novel.
 Not like this book needs another 5 star review...<br/>Good read, a few typos here and there.<br/>I can't call it great literature but it's a good story that held my attention.<br/>Mostly a one sitting read.  I thought the plot "twists" were fairly evident so nothing really surprised me.<br/>But I still found it a great read with compelling characters.  Enjoy...
 Hopes we has more lawyers like Mr: Dillard . Brilliant exposure in court and the strategies ,he uses very good and interesting characters,the first book read from the author,and believe me when you're reading some different words,sound hilarious and keep you like glue.<br/>Highly Recommended😁😂
 This is my first Scott Pratt novel (I bought two the other day when they were on sale), and I dunno. What's with the blood on the passenger seat of the red Corvette? Hmm. Am I just dense? Also, I always have a little trouble with switching POVs if there's also a first person POV involved. It seems a little... forced. I have book 2 to read yet, but decided to put it aside for now.
 I enjoyed this story because the plot was realistic and the character development was very good.  Mr. Pratt did not lose the reader with convoluted subplots.  Instead, the reader is given good insight into each individual and that individual's role in the entire story.  I appreciate a story where you do not have to go back a few Chapters to refresh your memory as to who is a particular character. There is a lot going on in this story: murder, revenge; corruption, abuse and courtroom drama. Mr. Pratt makes it all move along in an easy to read and entertaining manner.  I am looking forward to reading the next book in the Joe Dillard Series.
 I really enjoyed this book! Lots of surprises and the author didn't feel the need to fill it up with a bunch of long descriptions about uninteresting things..lol..(it seems I have read a lot of books recently that go on and on about unimportant things) you will really enjoy this book, I will definitely be reading more of his books in the future!
 I normally like mysteries, even crime novels.<br/><br/>For whatever reason, I found this book to be entirely unsettling.  I couldn't get into the characters.  My personal taste is for novels that are character driven.<br/><br/>It could be simply that I am not the market for this book.
 I almost gave up on this book early on.  I was expecting a more serious legal thriller and felt the characters were more like caricatures.  There were a lot of cliches and overall I just wasn't really into the writing style.<br/><br/>I hate giving up on a book, even when I don't like it.  The storyline here intrigued me, and eventually I came to really enjoy this book.  It ended up being a solid first effort and I'm looking forward to continuing the series.
 First I recommend this book to anyone who likes action with a happy ending.<br/>This book tells the TRUTH about what we as citizens have let our justice system become. We do not have a justice system any longer<br/>The justice building should almost be a holly place where only the  real evidence prove innocence or guilty. And anyone should be able to receive JUSTICE<br/>Thank you Mr. Pratt for writing this book
 This book enticed me from the start.  Not only does the reader meet the upstanding attorney Joe Dillard and his family, but Pratt also introduces several other fascinating personalities.  Reading An Innocent Client was fun and fascinating.  It became hooked as a Joe Dillard fan. Would appeal to both male and female fans of detective novels.
 Terrible, typical, threw it away
 This is a fast read, engaging with numerous plot twists and interesting characters. I plan to read the entire series of eight books, this was the first one. It was shocking  for me to learn when I began reading that the author lives in the same city as the setting of the book, and so do I. It truly is a small world. Thanks for writing a great read, Mr. Pratt.
 Good book. Hard to put down once started. I try to stay away from a lot of adult books because of the language and context. This book was a little on the edge. There wasn't a lot of profanity but some off the detail went a little too far. It was easy to figure out the mystery early on but there was enough twist and turns along the way to keep you interested. It was an OK change from all the YA books I read but I won't make a habit of reading books with this type of context.
 Nasty language from the get go. Threw the book in the garbage
 This is the first time I read a Scott Pratt book and  I'm pleased I selected the first in the series.  I usually prefer to read the latest books by some of my favorite authors but being an avid reader it seems I would have to wait until next month for one of those to be released.  As a result I looked at several that were published much earlier.  Very happy I did and discovered a really fine author.<br/>It involves a defense attorney and several of his cases.  What I really liked was, although these cases occurred concurrently, whenever we went back to another case it was very easy to follow.  The primary case, however, involved a young working girl employed in a house of prostitution as a waitress and accused of murdering a client of the establishment.  I must say the owner is a colorful character and a complete hoot that you would love to meet.  I really thought the author's description of the lawyer and his human frailties were quite moving.<br/>The plot moves very quickly and I finished the book in only three evenings.<br/><br/>My only criticism would be a little too much of some descriptions of some of the male characters' private parts but I guess that's a small point (no pun intended).  One more thing. Although I thought the ending would be a foregone conclusion,  what a surprise!<br/>I'm glad I found this series and will order the next book in the series shortly hoping it will be as entertaining.<br/>It's a good read and highly recommended.
 Distasteful subjects with painful consequences can be written without using profane and vulgar language. The descriptions of the vile acts are enough in an of themselves.
 The Joe Dillard legal series is now one of my favorite reads. This first book is detailed in its representation of the legal process which I appreciate as an attorney. There are lots of plot twists to keep you engrossed. I have now read three books in this series and plan on reading them all.
 Scott Pratt certainly knows how to keep a story rolling. His legal knowledge makes the story real and his imagination gives the story interest. He is a gifted writer and I plan to read more of his work. An Innocent Client was totally enjoyable. Good for you MR. Pratt. Keep them coming.
 Good character development contributes to a good story for me. I could almost hear the characters speaking, the dialog was so good. The story of the murder was handled well - not overly dramatic and a good description of the facts. I do believe, however, that the plot could have been developed better. Overall, I enjoyed this novel.
 Scott Pratt is an amazing writer and story teller! This book was captivating, riveting, and complex. The reader can relate to the characters in a profound way and the storyline was fantastic!! It’s the first book I’ve read of Mr. Pratt’s, but it won’t be the last...I’d write more, but I have to go order every other book he’s written. Enjoy!
 First I've read of this author and it lived up to it's previous reviews.  I enjoyed the characters, especially Dillard who is quite believable and quickly gains the reader's empathy.  The story moves at a quick clip and the plot has enough twists and turns to keep the reader interested.  There were also some sub-plots which were well managed and did not confuse the central theme. This will not be the last Scott Pratt novel I will read.
 Just a really good enjoyable read for a day at the beach or stuck on an airplane. Not too many plot twists but just enough "maybe she did or maybe she didn'ts" to keep you in the game. Looking forward to the others in the series.<br/><br/>Now a con. The author committed one of my worst pet peeves. There are two judges in this book with names so similar I could never keep them straight. Green and Glass. Both start with a G, both 5 letters. It didn't really make any difference to the story but I have to wonder why authors do this.
 I am always looking for new authors. Law related dramas from my favorite famous authors can get a bit predictable and when they are not I am pleasantly surprised. That being said, Joe Dillard is a real guy. An Innocent Client gave me insight to the law that I believe is pretty true as disturbing as that may be. I find his writing faceted  and his characters believable. I could not put this book down.
 I love that he is self-published and panders to no one, but better still is that the characters are as colorful and well-developed as any and the plots full of surprises.  In particular this book in the series left no empathetic emotion untouched and no plot (or marginally mentioned sub-plot) thread untied.  Solid, clever and entertaining writing.
 This is the first time I had read Scott Pratt. I really enjoyed this book, an easy read, good story line. He really humanized the life of a defense attorney. He is very descriptive, while not being too dramatic. I have just started Book 2 in this series (Joe Dillard). If you like to read about the legal system, I recommend this one.
 This was a nice little lawyer novel. The main character was snubbed because he defended murderers. Law enforcement looks down on people who do that. The story was well written and moved along quickly. There were some on predictable twists and I enjoyed that. I recommend this as a quick and entertaining read.
 This is the first time I read Scott Pratt &amp; I truly enjoyed this book.  The plot thickened in a nice way &amp; you were able to follow the characters who weren't overly done with detail after detail.  I liked the story so much I just bought his second book. Five stars !!!!
 I enjoyed this book tremendously and have already ordered book 2 in the series - delighted that there are 5 books in the series so far.  It was a little on the gritty side, but nothing terrible.  Liked the character development, and am looking forward to learning more about the Dillard family.  Also found the courtroom scenes very interesting.  Mr. Pratt obviously knows the legal profession, warts and all.
 Wasn't sure I'd like this - not what I usually read, but the price was right and the reviews great, so i figured why not. Plus you're not forced to keep reading something if u don't like it! But I was intrigued right away and it definitely kept me interested! I had to keep reading to see what would happen next, and I really liked the main character due to his honest outlook and take on things. Also gives one food for thought where legal issues after concerned! Give this book a try - you'll like it!!
 Stumbled onto this series as Kindle suggested due to other authors &amp; books I've read or purchased.  Since I read book 1 in the series,<br/>I've got straight to #2, 3, 4, 5, and now on 6th in the series.  Will hate to come to the end.  This author stands right up there with other legal thriller authors.  Main character of Joe Dillard is awesome, and the other characters are rich and well developed.
 I enjoy legal thrillers, but good ones are rare. This is an excellent book with well-developed, complex characters, interesting twists and turns, and a well-plotted story.  I appreciate the protagonist's desire, and the unexpected way it was fulfilled.  (Sorry to be vague, but you don't want me to spoil anything.)  I purchased all the books while they were on sale, and I'm eager to continue the series.
 I didn't finish this book.  I couldn't get past the author's continued use of juvenile sexual innuendos.
 This book really held my interest. I have read many novels in this genre by many authors. Scott Pratt has a way of portraying his characters as human but flawed in a manner that makes you root for them. Even the guilty have a story.
 Fantastic book! I found this by accident and after reading the intro pages on Kindle, I HAD to buy it! I devoured it in one evening! Scott Pratt is one of the best writers I've found in years! I will definitely buy every book he writes from here on!
 It's incredible to me that there's so much crap put out by so many legitimate big-time publishers while a genuine gem like 'An Innocent Client' goes wanting.  It deserves the praise and recognition that a Michael Connelly or Scott Turow release routinely receive whether they deserve it or not.  Bravo, Scott Pratt !
 I've found a new author for those times when I just want to escape.  Scott Pratt writes in a style similar to John Grisham.  This first in the Dillard series was a book full of love and hope taking place in the south.  As with J. Grisham's novels, Dillard is defense attorney with a big heart.  He had a dark childhood that he finally confronts in this first book.  I've already purchase Book 2 and anxious to start it.
 Scott Pratt is a wonderful writer.  Definitely on my "Favorite Authors" list!  The proofing of this book was strange.  Usually you find a lot of the typos are just a missed letter or misplaced letter.  In this case, I have found that the proofing has missed the entire word.  It is not enough to bother me very much in the reading of it, but I did find it to be a little distracting.  As far as the writing is concerned, it is a "must read" book for anyone who likes the "Grisham" style of book!  Well written, well planned, and a great read!
 This is my first book, written by by Scott Pratt which I read, and I loved it. The writing style by itself deserves praise. Good English and an easy flow. The main character has dimension and is a decent and likable defense laywer. His mental dilemma is representing dirt-bags in court. All what he wants is to represent an innocent client. The plot contains some interesting characters to say the least, and the story's end is a win-win for all.
 Took this as a free download while sitting in an airport. I was pleasantly surprised by the author's ability to maintain my attention. I generally like books that take me deeper into the scene, but the character development made this a good read. I will definitely try another from this author.
 What a fantastic and engrossing book.<br/>Plenty of suspense to keep you guessing who the suspect is.<br/>Amongst the suspense reading there is a touch of light hearted humour, just enough to put a smile on your face, without losing any of the momentum.<br/>Looking forward to reading the next instalment " In Good Faith "
 I liked this book so much, I already loaded the second one on my Kindle before I was done!  It is well written with colorful characters that you picture in your mind's eye. Reads very quickly, and has some twists and turns, just what every mystery fan loves!<br/>I think I will enjoy this series alot!!
 I read this book about 10 days ago. Since then I have lost a lot of sleep because because I have now read all of the series except for the last one which I will start right away.  Great series! I feel like the characters are family now. I do strongly suggest readers to read each book of the series in order for maximum enjoyment. I hope he writes more books for this series. I will miss the characters!
 I have always been interested in the law as there are several lawyers in my family.  I bought this book on a whim (had not heard of this author).  I thought it was something on my Kindle that I would read as I was sitting in the waiting room, but found that I was actually making time to sit down and find out what was going to happen next.  I plan to read more from this author.  Great read!
 Wow!!! Incredibly written. Suspenseful. Thrilling. I love the variety of characters and the dark crimes of those he defends. The way he writes it’s easy to pour through 100 pages without blinking an eye. Couldn’t put it down!!! Moving on to book 2.
 I got this book based on decent ratings by readers, although sometimes that fools me, and on the author's background. In the first few pages I thought I might be disappointed but the more I read the better it got. A book that captures small town Tennessee and the psychosocial problems of the poor and poorly educated while also giving a realistic inside look at the law ...not easy to accomplish.  I will read more by this author.
 An Innocent Client was my first read of Scott Pratt.  Next bought the set and am thoroughly enjoying these stories.  So glad I found this author.  Love reading him and particularly like the "set" format.  So great for continuity.  Love the characters and writing style.
 I stumbled upon the Author, Scott pratt. I'm an avid reader. After downloading, An Innocent client, I could not stop until I finished the book...All adya dnall night! It is very creative and moves faster than John Grisham's books. Scott pratt is a great writer and I'm so gloriously happy to have found him. I love Joe Dilllard.<br/>Peggy
 All the different characters in the beginning I knew they were all going to come into play throughout the book and I wasn't disappointed as each one played their own part or played into the plot. I also enjoyed the personal conflict that most people deal with on a daily basis. Looking forward to the next book!!
 The book is well crafted, similar to Michael Connelly's books and the early books by John Grisham.  The protagonist is a softer version of Connelly's heroes, but with the same cleverness, and the same qualities that had me emotionally bonding the hero.  The turns in the story line are not obvious and the characters in the book are well described so I forgot they were fictitious and either disliked them of felt empathy toward them.  I enjoyed the book.
 The: Innocent Client is a good read. The plot it interesting and unique, it has believable, likeable characters and enough humor to make it more than just a procedural court story.  Set in small town Tennessee, the story is populated by good old boys, big hearted women and gnarly criminals who provide more than ample material to build a good story.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book and will recommend it to my friends. Take it to the beach, on a train or plane or just stay up late a few nights; it's worth it.
 This is the first book I have read by Scott Pratt. I was quickly sucked in to his believable characters and their small town and the small town politics that come with it.<br/>I found his main character very likeable and three dimensional.<br/>I also liked the case that the book was written about. It was funny and sassy and also had brevity and it had enough to make it a work of believable fiction.<br/>It was a real page Turner. I enjoyed this book from beginning to end. Anyone that enjoys the legal thriller genre must give this author and this book a chance! You won't be disappointed.
 I stumbled across this author quite by accident, and must say what a pleasure it was to read his work. The characters in An Innocent Client are well-developed, realistic, and full of surprises, as is the storyline. I'm looking forward to reading the next in this series!
 Because of the seedy characters developed in the early chapters required to tell the story, I had a little trouble deciding if I could finish this read. However, if you can recognize these characters as villains, this is a compelling story well told.  And the author is not graphic in his description of his villains' behavior.  Does good overcome evil? Mostly yes.  I'll probably start Book 2 soon.  I like Joe Dillard, and I want to find out what else happens to him!
 Joe is an honest, thoughtful, and hard working criminal defense attorney who is regretting his choice of law field. He is surrounded by lying and cheating people. Joe is having a bad year with a sister who steals from family and is using drugs and people. Joe's mom is dying from Alzheimer's disease. Luckily, he has a wonderful wife, and son and daughter who are in college. The problem with his home life is that his dog is so excited to see him that he pees on Joe's shoes when he comes home. Engaging book.
 I'm on my third Joe Dillard book, they've been lots of fun. The series is quick to read as well as entertaining and I definitely feel connected to the protagonist. I wouldn't mind if the supporting characters had a little more depth, but each time I finish one book I do find myself looking forward to the next. I've  also been catching myself thinking about the characters throughout the day when I'm not reading the book, that's a good sign to me. I'm a person who always has something to read and these are certainly fitting the bill,right now!
 Just recently discovered Scott Pratt and enjoy his style immensely. The stories move along quickly and , more  importantly interesting as well as .<br/> suspenseful..  Have ordered more of his books and can hardly wait to turn each page.  Thank you Scott.
 Just finished An Innocent Client and I am going to order the rest of the Joe Dillard series.  Heading off for a month long vacation and between Dillard and Spenser and a couple of biographies, I figure I will be set for those down times when lying on the beach and doing nothing except reading just seems like the thing to do.  Dillard is a great character, on the order of Grisham's Jake Brigance.  And who would have thunk that setting a novel in rural Tennessee would be as enthralling as it turned out to be.
 This was a great book! There were a couple things off (a wrong date, they never addressed the Braves game, still haven't figured out why the time is given for each chapter, and there were a lot of characters to keep track of) but it was such a great story, and I was so thrilled to find a new author, I'm still giving it 5 stars. On to book 2!!
 This self-published author is fantastic!  This story is fast paced, filled with twists, and at times sooo funny.  The author's knowledge of law and corruption add so much to this story that at times it was as though reading a non-fiction.  Looking forward to reading more by this author.
 I enjoy courtroom attorney novels and have found a new great author in Scott Pratt. His characters are interesting and the story holds your attention and yet is not predictable.<br/>I have since read book #2 and have just started book #3.<br/>I recommend this author.<br/>Rich
 I just finished reading my first ever Scott Pratt book. I loved it!!!! I could not put it down!!!!! I love the detective Joe and his wife. I love easy to follow, stories. This was written so good!!!! I can't wait to start the next one. Keep up the good work!!!!!
 For those of us fascinated by the inner workings of the strange world of the Justice System, Pratt will keep you riveted chapter by chapter.<br/>Further, the old world atmosphere of the deep South brings unique characters to life in small town style of gossip and religion.<br/>Brilliant page turner. I'm ordering the next one right now!
 Great fun. Loved the character development. Looking forward to his other books. One tiny criticism. Don't know how old Mr. Pratt is  but he needs to realize that age 60 is not old! I'm pushing 70  look like 40 and still do what I did at 30!
 Pretty good book published independently. Some of the characters were a bit too stereotypical and some ends were tied up too neatly, but getting past that, the pace and story line was good. A solid summer read. I would read other books in this series.
 I'm a sucker for murder / mystery and this one fit the bill.  I also love lawyer tales where the author makes the lawyer more human (i.e, there's a subplot at home that makes me want to root for him).  This one fit that bill too without being overwhelming with too many subplots.  I've found another author series I can follow!
 I enjoyed this book enough that I have now read books two and three of the series.  And Iplan to read more. I think these books would make a good TV series. Especially if it, too, could be located in the beautiful Smoky Mountains. The book is not terribly complicated but moves along smoothly and is hard to put down. Interesting plot, well-drawn characters, and fun to have a "good guy" as the main character.
 I thouroughly enjoyed Scott Pratt's first book. I have just finished reading it, almost in one shot. It's not really the plot that is appealing as much as the very human characters that are portrayed, especially the main one, Dillard. A special vote for Erlene, the owner of the strip club. She is quite something!<br/>I'm a Harry Bosch inconditional fan. This book is far from being in the same category, because Connelly is the best in the business. But it's honestly written and sincere.<br/>I hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
 I think I just found a new author. I loved reading this book and couldn't put it down. I was so glad that I found there is a series and I am currently reading the third in the series. The author has done a good job of presenting the story and has made the character life-like. Can't to see what Joe and his friends and family get up to next!
 This was the first book I've read by this author. I was pleasantly surprised! The writing style reminds me of James Patterson. The author developes the characters while moving the story steadily along. It was never boring and that's a requirement! Loved it!
 Pratt has the legal mind of John Grisham, combined with the fast-paced action of John Patterson. I can't believe I haven't heard of this author before. I guarantee you will soon put Scott Pratt at the top of your must-read list.
 For lovers of justice, brilliant defense attorney Joe Dillard comes through for his clients using the system that will make you both cringe in disgust and cheer in victory. Is it fair? The better question is, is it just? Answer for yourselves when you read this most excellent novel, An Innocent Client.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I do not elaborate on what the story lines are in books as I think people just should buy if it sounds interesting.  However I will say that this was all about a lawyer that got difficult clients.  I read the reviews on book 2 and I will pass and buy book 3.
 I really liked this book and am so glad it is a series. Besides having a good plot and colourful characters, I learned so much about lawyer's, judges, and how they can twist things their way. What I also liked, but didn't know this until I finished the book, was the author is an independent of his own books and asks nicely for a review and to spread the word on his books. He is good so let's help him out people!
 I very much enjoyed this story, the tale of a lawyer who is yearning to defend An Innocent Client.  It has a few unexpected twists and turns, which held my interest.  I like the way it’s written, I like the way the author describes his characters.  I have just purchased the second in the Joe Dillard series, I hope it is as good as the first one.  I would recommend this to friends, it is a good read!
 This one was very well  written, with a number of different mingles that come together flawlessly. Situations arise and are challenging to the memory to keep the thread moving. The Tennessee setting is very descriptive, having been raised in the area. That a bit of connectivity. Fun reading !!
 This was a very readable book that moved at an excellent pace. It kept my attention from start to finish. As a former small town attorney I found the legal parts of the book very realistic and believable. Well done Mr. Pratt. My wife also loved this book and we plan to read the rest of Mr. Pratt's books in the future.
 I'm feeling a definite mixed review here. The characters were well developed, the plot exciting, and plenty of twists,. Whodunit? You won't know from the beginning, that's for sure.<br/>But, there are some very sleazy men who are supposed to be the good guys. Their talk and actions are pretty rough, and misogynistic. This is not a "cozy mystery". It is graphic, brutal, and detailed. If you can handle that, the plot twists do create an exciting story.
 A little too "earthy" but he held my attention to the end. It's a good sized book but I read it in one sitting. The author has an amazing imagination. I'm a former policeman of a large city police force and what he says about the Justice System is 95 percent true.
 Finally found another great writer. This one was different and a bit too much about sex but it<br/>was done right. Kept me turning pages. Now I'm looking forward to the next book. I see he has several I would be interested in. Many thanks for keeping me company on a cold rainy day.
 Thanks to the author for bringing to life a character so decently honest. Joe Dillard may be flawed but he's endearing traits as a person makes him come to my mind as a real person. I have to check the disclaimer in the beginning of the book to make sure if what I'm reading is a true story or not. Almost real! Very believable story telling from Scot Pratt.<br/>Thanks to you I'm going to be a fan and will be following Joe Dillard's next books.
 So often thrillers disappoint with a big logical hole somewhere at their heart. This book manages to keep a lot of plates spinning and make it through to a satisfying resolution without asking the reader to turn a blind eye to any "writer's conveniences."
 I am so happy to have found this series! My favorite author, Carolyn Jourdan recommended it and she was spot on. The characters are believable and their portrayal evokes genuine feelings from the reader. The pace of the story is just right and the hardest thing is going to be not binge reading all the rest of the books in this series. I would give this book even more stars if I could!
 A lot of unlikeable clients but an interesting look into how the defender of some despicable people gets treated . I hope the judicial system is not like it was portrayed ,everywhere in the world . A great twist and an enjoyable read despite its subject
 When I bought this book, I'd never heard of it or the author.  It did not disappoint me.  It's about a defense attorney and a murder with lots of other cases and personal issues added in to make it an interesting read.
 This is a great read. Im actually on #6 in the series and have enjoyed each one more than the one before. If you like good story telling, mystery, law and likeable characters you will enjoy this series. I'm getting worried as at this time the series includes only seven books. I want to read more about Joe Dillard!  Scott Pratt, Gert busy!  Don't leave us hanging!
 Joe Dillard is the most unusual attorney you have ever met.  He is a normal guy who is just trying to get along, and in the mean time, trouble just follows him around.  An interesting change from the normal criminal detective lawyer you have ever read
 Very humorous, fun book.<br/>Meant for anyone who enjoys what crooked lawyers try to do and why we need a few honest lawyers to keep the system going.<br/>Interesting story.<br/>I plan to read other books by this author.
 I have come to love Scott Pratt's writing and especially his characters.  I started with one of his later Joe Dillard books and now have spent the early part of this summer going back to the "beginning" and reading the series.  I would highly recommend all of them in order but you can really start anywhere in his series and still come out engaged with this characters and wanting only the best for them even tho they are very human and flawed people-just like all of us.
 I thought he did an excellent job of character building with twists and turns of his story! Very detailed and a good read for those with an analytical legalese mind. I'm going to buy a couple more in his series right now. I also love that the author is a veteran! Very refreshing!
 Easy to follow. Loved all the characters. Dillard was a easy guy to like and root for. I was nice to read a book that put the investigation and the trial together in a believable way. Loved the character Earlene...she was a piece of work and pulled all the right strings. Really enjoyable read. Will recommend to family and friends.
 I loved this book.  I love legal thrillers and mysteries. This book was was a really good read.  Also because I live in East Tennessee it was great to read a good book set in an area I am familiar with. Hope to be able to get all the books in this series.
 I liked Joe Dillard because his family came first but his job of defending criminals who had no decency just about destroyed his decency &amp; his life.  It was hard to comprehend that 2 men who professed to be followers of God could do such unthinkable things &amp; Gruesome details &amp; that the legal system could be sooo unjust in so many ways. So sad what abuse can do to an innocent child &amp; a complete surprise how smart his last defense victim  was.  Good read for anyone studying law &amp; possibly those disturbed by violence  or unjust legal tie-ups or just for interesting thriller.
 Warning! DO NOT START reading this series unless you want to be rendered almost useless to anyone for as long as it takes to get through it! I made that fatal mistake a few days ago, and am now on book 6. Absolutely terrific characters, plots and so much extra beyond the usual. I just can't stop thinking about it, and it just gets better and better with every book. Not sure whether I should congratulate Mr Pratt or curse him!
 It’s usually pretty tough to scan Amazon for a good read and actually find one, but this was a pleasant surprise. Most of the characters are likeable and the plot was interesting enough to hold my attention. I wouldn’t say it’s one of the best books I’ve ever read but you could certainly tell the author was well-versed and I enjoyed his style of writing. I was, however, super bummed and surprised to realize he passed away last week in a diving accident when reading further more on him. I genuinely did enjoy this novel though and purchased the next book in the Joe Dillard series.
 Scott Pratt has been compared John Grishan. I can see why. A vivid storyteller who keeps you subconsciously looking forward to the next paragraph. Thoroughly enjoyed his writing style and the story. Looking forward to the other books in this series.
 The story is fast paced with truly great characters! The story has a little of everything...murder, sex, drama ,humor , injustice and justice. I will definitely read more of the Joe Dillard series. Curious to see where his next venture as an attorney takes him and his family!
 Pratt writes well. It is an easy read. I liked it.<br/>Some of the subplots are just too much of a stretch. You are either serious about the story or you aren't. Adding<br/>improbable side angles isn't adding legitimacy to the main storyline. The main character is a lawyer, not Jason Bourne.
 This is indeed a different kind of lawyer bloods.  It does a superb job of combining both<br/>legalise and mystery.  The Mystery and excitement build as the story continues an rises to a spellbinding crescendo by the concluding chapter.  I have read several legal based mysteries, some of which were good enough to make the movie screens.  They were all well written and enjoyable reads.  An Innocent Client, though, was the most enjoyable of them all.  An excellent book!
 This is a brilliant work for a first-time author. Or maybe it's not his first novel, not sure. Either way, the reviews don't do the story justice, as the tale and characters are far from mundane. I'm coming back for more!
 I stopped reading about page 53 on Kindle.  Just too disjointed; too many characters viying for attention.  I wanted to care about the characters but just didn’t.  I bought it after reading rave reviews and am disappointed.
 You don’t expect classic prose when you read a good book by John Grisham, so don’t expect it here. But if you want to thoroughly enjoy a book and meet a compelling and likable character then it’s the book for you. He is actually a good writer who has solid character development and writes literately and in an engaging manner. Will I be reading another Joe Dillard book? Why yes I will.
 The author is obviously a lawyer.  He understands the court system.  Too many lawyer novels cause me (a lawyer myself) to cringe.  This on kept me on the edge of my seat.  The writing and story telling style made me want to keep on going to the end.  Well done.  Very readable writing style.  Expect to get hooked quickly. I hope the rest of the series maintains the quality of the first story.
 The development of key characters is wonderful along with the story - Mr. Pratt's descriptions post a visual picture of each person, environment and action.  I would recommend the "Joe Dillard" series to anyone interested in an excellent reading of judicial and personal action page turner.
 I really enjoyed this book and look forward to reading more in the Joe Dillard series. It is more of a whodunit mystery than a law court story but it is an interesting plot with some clever angles. I can thoroughly recommend it
 There are some pretty stereotypical characters here, Madame with heart of gold, the unscrupulous cop, etc. but they have just enough quirkiness to keep you guessing. Add to that a first-person narrator on a personal journey and it's a compelling and entertaining story. Looking forward to more!
 Chris Pratt's writing is so realistic!  Being from Knoxville TN. (now living out west) his locations are right on, making his characters also seem real!!  You don't have to be from TN. to enjoy this book, my husband is not from TN &amp; he also loved this book.  Unbelievable I just found Chris Pratt!  Love, love loved the book!!
 I am always looking for new authors with new perspective and new read on things.<br/>Except for few authors like Stephen king , once you' d read a Patterson ..you' v read them all<br/>Give Scott a try, at least once, you will enjoy it and it will get your mind off things
 Great book. As retired law enforcement I was a little shy about reading a book starring a defense attorney defending an accused murderer. However, the book was not a political screed. It was balanced, intelligent, fast paced, and held my interest throughout the story. Loved the characters and the plot twist.  Wonders never cease.
 Interesting characters run the gamut from dark killer to good honest citizen, with a couple sleazeballs tossed in to create more than a sense of injustice. Twists and turns range from minor to quite significant, and some rate "Whoa, I did NOT see that coming!" Loose ends in the plot are all tied into a neat bundle by story's end. Well worth the read.
 This book is exceptional and a very easy book to read. It is the type of book that it is difficult to lay down when you start reading it. It is a very interesting legal novel that keeps the reader guessing throughout the book. I highly recommend this book and especially find the author's work absolutely fantastic.
 I couldn’t put it down.  It was beautifully written.  The characters were easy to follow and I think I learned more about the legal system than is healthy for me to know.  Good job Scott
 I loved this book!  The way it is written in first person from Joe Dillard's perspective, and in 3rd for the rest of the cast is really a fun read.  This is the kind of story that I am always looking for.  Great plot, interesting characters, well written.  Kept me up at night - I had a hard time putting it down.<br/>Will definitely be buying the rest of Scott Pratt's books in this series.
 Stop Grisham, Baldacci and Patterson hunting and give yourself treat...Pratt describes real people in real situations, in real dilemmas. with real suspense.....After many other triers with the "giants"  this js where to land for several good reads.  High marks.
 I really like Scott Pratt’s books and I always think the latest one I have read is the best. Obviously, I’ve read them out of order. I read this one in two sittings, which I never have time to do. This one was worth it.
 Loved it!  I wasn’t a third the way through and I stopped to order the next two in the series!  An easy read, quick, and a page turner.  I’ve now started the second in this series, In Good Faith, and it’s just as good as the first.  I’d say give it a try.  It’s worth it.
 If you are from East Tennessee, you will LOVE the book.  You are familiar with the area and the characters are very real.  Even if you are not, it is a well-written book from a Tennessee lawyer that spins a tail with constant turns and switchbacks.  Legal aspects are "spot on" (and I can verify that being a Tennessee lawyer for well over 30 years).  Good murder/mystery.
 I have always fancied myself as a wanna be lawyer. I love law based books.  Joe is a likeable character and we follow him through his career and life. I loved the series. I wish there was "one more".
 Scott Pratt's lead character is not your everyday defense attorney. This story has more twists and turns than a Halloween Maze. It will keep the reader entranced right up to the last page. At which point, like me you'll be itching to get the next book. Well written and fast paced.
 I read a lot of murder mysteries, police procedurals and lawyer books.  I have been disappointed in the last couple and decided to try a new author.  Surprise, this book is very good.
 I loved it!  Joe Dillard was a great lawyer and good person. I like that he has morals. The book was well written and suspenseful. Even the murderer was likeable. Justice was done and the plot wrapped up nicely. I just ordered the second one. The author was every bit good as Grisham.
 This is a spell-binding who-done-it with memorable characters of all types. The development of the plot kept me glued to the book right to the very end. Descriptions are so well written that I feot as if I were right there.
 I'm so GLAD I happened across Scott Pratt's Joe Dillard series. "An Innocent Client" is a really good, well written story and I'm looking forward with much pleasure to reading the whole series. Highly recommended for fans of courtroom intrigue and for reader's like me who are fans of good-guy protagonists like Robert B. Parker's Spenser, Michael Connelly's Harry Bosch, J.A. Jance's J.P Beaumont, and William J. Coughlin's Charley Sloan.
 I am a big fan of John Grisham, and I thought Scott Pratt's book, "An Innocent Client", was very much like Grisham's novels.  The thing that caused me to read this book in the first place was that another reader had compared Scott Pratt to John Grisham.  I was not disappointed.  I will ready more by this author.
 Very interesting characters and not so many of them that it confuses the reader (my husband).  He loved this book enough to order two more Pratt legal mysteries.  It's fun to see him so riveted to a thriller.
 A compelling story and an easy read.<br/><br/>Very well laid out, believable characters.<br/><br/> Had not read this author previously. He's pretty good.
 This is just the first book by Scott Pratt I've read.  I am a big fan of legal novels and like most of John Grisham's stuff.  This guy might be just as good.  Will try a couple more of his titles and see how it goes.
 This really WAS fab. Believe these reviews.  So Glad that I found this author Scott Pratt – the book was really well written and the story was interesting and definitely a page turner with lots of twists. I am off to buy the rest of the series.
 It took me a couple chapters to warm up to this book but once I got into I was amused, astounded, then sad, then laughing. I will definitely read more of this author. I’m a law abiding citizen But I Loved that southern Madam and honey pie and sugar plum were brilliant.
 If you like a good story, this one is it. A burnt out lawyer is really super tired of representing guilty petty thieves. He wants to get one innocent client before changing lines and finds one in a strange turn of events.
 It's hard for me to concentrate for long periods of time. That's why I'm amazed and how quickly I finished this book  It's well-written in the characters are well-developed. I strongly recommend it and I will be buying everything Pratt writes .
 Very enjoyable story. Hooked from the outset. I plan to read more of this series, and if you like light hearted mysteries with believable plots, find characters like brilliant madams fun to read about, this is for you.
 This is one of the best books I've read in a while! From the very first page, I was captivated and couldn't stop reading!<br/>The ending was a total surprise and the twists and turns kept me going!!  I can't wait for book two in the series!!<br/>I would recommend this book to anyone who loves a good legal mystery!  Very good writer!!!
 The protagonist is not a super hero and has his personal problems but somehow muddles through... just like the rest of us. Good story and good writing. Can't wait to read the other books in the series.<br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-UnFROGetable-Costume-Party-Doing-Good-Deeds-The-UnFROGetable-Series/dp/1518766552/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The UnFROGetable Costume Party: (Doing Good Deeds) (The UnFROGetable Series)</a><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-UnFROGetable-Hero-Helping-Others/dp/1533243379/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The UnFROGetable Hero: Helping Others</a><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-UnFROGetable-Visitor-Gaining-Self-Confidence/dp/1534741763/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The UnFROGetable Visitor: Gaining Self-Confidence</a>
 I am always looking for a new author and so glad I found Scott Pratt.  An Innocent Client is a page turner with twists, turns, and surprises that makes it very difficult to put the book down.  The main character is Attorney Joe Dillard, and I can't wait to find out what problems he has to solve in the next book, In Good Faith.  Thanks, Scott, for a super adventure.  Keep them coming!
 Mystery pretty good.  A little too much sexectual referinces that didn't seem necessary but not enough to offend me.<br/>Sorta of a surprise ending but not enough to surprise me.  Have already started the 2nd one.  Will see about the rest.
 Appreciated the way the author quickly got into the plot and developed some great characters. Weaving the complexity of a murder case to make it interesting and believable was well done.
 If you're looking for a relatively quick read that is both enjoyable and unpredictable, this book fills the bill.  I found it thoroughly enjoyable and was very pleasantly surprised at how everything ended.
 This book enveloped me from the start to the end. I'm not one to usually read mysteries, chose to read it for something different, and that's what I got. Characters were believable, situations amazing, twists kept coming. Lots of good back stories. Very good book!
 I picked this first book up based on a recommendation from a couple of clubs I belong to. I wanted an author would provide me a series of books, an author who would write about Appalachia, an author who would write genuine characters. Scott Pratt went beyond every expectation with Joe Dillard's books. I warn you though. Like me, you might find yourself buying the next book before you even finish the one you are on. Because by the second book you know you cannot live without Joe and Scott's amazing prose.
 Scott Pratt cast his line and hooked a shooting star and will soon be out of site! Well written and captivating from the beginning to the end, like Grisham was his mentor,  with believable, like-able characters. I was pleasantly surprised to have stumbled on this prize while waiting for Grisham’s or Hiaasen’s latest to come available on the Kindle. I am looking forward to reading the whole series of Joe Dillard’s lawyering.
 I just finished reading this compelling tome and loved it! Haven been an avid reader since childhood, and could not help being fascinated by Scott's story.  A page-turner that kept me up way too late at night, I'd recommend it to anyone who loves a good read.  I particularly liked the way the author gave the reader credit for understanding some of the ins and outs of the law, and the humor amid the strife. Shelley L. Klemm
 When I first started to read this book I had a hard time getting started. Then the characters came together and I was hooked. It is a good read and a wonderful legal thriller. The story unfolded well and was not rushed. I have trouble from time to time keeping up with the characters as some authors have so many characters or ones with the same sounding names.. This author had al his characters clearly defined .I would recommend it.
 This was the first book I read in the series and I was pleasantly surprised by the story and the outcome. As a seasoned reader of mystery books this was one of the best I have ever read.
 I loved this book so much, as soon as I finished it, I immediately went back to Amazon and ordered books 2, 3 and 4 of the Joe Dillard stories.  I am here now to order the rest of them.  This Scott Pratt is a great author.  I think his writing is excellent.
 I'm a big fan of legal thrillers so I took a chance on an unknown author and am so glad I did. The characters were well developed and complex, and the story line had plenty of twists and turns. I'm anxious to return to that world and see what comes next for this flawed lawyer.
 The did an excellent job presenting this story from different angles. The main character, Joe Dillard, is someone I was rooting for through the book. The ending not surprising but was very satisfying. I can highly recommend this book. Sam
 Nice book, loved how it flipped between story tellers! Gave a great back story on all of the pertinent characters so I really connected with them. Well written and nice surprise ending!
 Is it okay to admit that I enjoyed a book about murder? Well, I did. Plenty of twists and emotions kept me reading past normal sleep time. My kindle wound up on the floor a few times because I fell asleep in mid-sentence. Looking forward to more from this author.
 I read a good many crime novels, Paul Finch,Stephen Booth,James Hayman, Dennis Lehane and others, and this book was fun to read. Good story, good character development and the way the author captured the local flavor of that part of Tennessee was spot on.  Loved the humor and will definitely read the others. My wife had just finished reading this book and praised it and she was right, as usual.
 but it was still fun! Mr Pratt's characters are believable and fun. He uses his books to show a corrupt judicial system. I'm left hoping it truly is fiction but knowing there's more truth than fiction there. This book is done. Now maybe I can get a good night's sleep tonight!
 I’m a huge fan of James Patterson so most books can’t compare to the gripping plots - but this one does! There are some great twists and some memorable characters and just a great read!!!  I’m getting the next book in the Joe Dillard series - just can’t get enough.
 I love Scott Pratt's books and I've read all of the Darren Street novels as well as every one of the Joe Dillard series. If you like this genre you will love his novels. As good as Grisham.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book; I loved the unexpected twists and turns in the story, the danger and the realness of the characters.  I truly believe there is a lot of corruption in the justice system, but I also understand the main character's frustration when all he wanted to do was help people.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who wants to be kept guessing throughout...and still be thoroughly surprised at the end!
 This is the type of story you read for a total escape.  The major characters are given life and emotion and you find yourself carried away in their drama.  The ending made me think twice.  Is that what the author intended?  Very good read.
 Really enjoyed reading this book. I felt like I knew each of the main characters personally. Joe Dillard is a good guy despite what life dealt him as a child. And you are rooting for him during his tough times as a defender. Joe experiences shows us that Life's not always easy but if you persevere you may have some happier moments.
 Joe Dillard has a great life he has a wife two kids and is a lawyer. He has been married to his high school sweetheart. He  has been defending criminal and is starting to hate it. He just wants one innocent client. A preacher is killed and a waitress is accused of killing him. Joe is going to be her lawyer. What a great story. I love the flow of the story and bought the second book in the series. I will be reading the rest of the books in this series
 This was a good little book. I live in East TN so it made it even more fun to read. Nothing complicated just some good and bad characters (easily recognized) but enough twist to it to make it a good ending. It's light and swift.
 I am a new fan of Scott Pratt.  This was the second book of his that I have read. It held my interest through the entire narrative.  I like the way he goes from third person to first person.  He really lets you inside of all of his characters.  Hope all of his books are this good.
 I loved this book! But I don't like the review choices Amazon gives you -- they don't really allow for a good representation of the book. For instance, in describing the mood of the book, the choices include "Hopeful," "Suspenseful" and "Thoughtful," and I thought the book was all of those, and even a bit "Dark" in places, which makes for a very well-told story. I wouldn't like a book that was ONLY "Dark" or "Suspenseful" or even "Thoughtful," so I disliked having to pick just one.<br/>The book's dedication to the author's wife might just be the sweetest I've ever read, and it's pretty clear that "Caroline," the wife in the story, is modeled after her. I want to read every book written by a man capable of expressing so much love.<br/>The minute I finished this book, I immediately started reading book No. 2 in the series. I just hope Scott Pratt continues adding to the series.
 I thought I had it figured out, then I read the last 25 percent of the book! I have experience as a legal secretary and found this book to be very believable. I highly recommend it and will be reading the rest of the Joe Dillard Series.
 Scott Pratt was new to me and now I'm on the third book of an 8 book series.  A great author his books are all page turners.<br/>This series Joe Dillard is great, the characters are believable and easy to follow.  I intend to read all his books.  .
 Scott Pratt is a gifted novelist.  He fleshes out his characters to the point where you know them well.  He travels from first person to third person in the smoothest way possible thus, making the story vibrant.  I've purchased several of his books and he's become my favorite crime writer.
 A good story from Scott Pratt in the Joe Dillard series. I liked this first book so will be reading the others as well. Suits those who like crime and legal stories. Recommended read good value for money
 If you love John Grisham, these Joe Dillard series books are going to blow you away. Vivid invitation to ride along on manhunts, sit in a courtroom, or just get to know Joe's dog. Every page is enjoyable. I'm prone to scan if I get bored and I didn't on this book.  If you love free advice, buy the boxed set. I wasn't aware there was one, therefore I am buying them one at a time and am currently reading #5. You can save a little money by purchasing the set.  These stories are set in the beautiful Tennessee mountains of which i am proud to be a native.  Thank you, Scott Pratt.
 Story lines well developed as were the characters in the book.  Scott Pratt writes amazing details in each portion in the book.  Well worth reading and looking forward to the other books he has written.  Extremely interesting and well worth reading.  All of the characters were interesting and held my attention.  Best story line I've read in quite a while.
 Have just bought a Kindle.  Started buying Joe Dillard series and enjoying very much.  I still actually prefer to read a print book but the price for these books - have joined Kindle Unlimited - is outstanding.  I really like "legal series" books.
 This is my first Pratt novel but it won't be the last.  It was great to see there are others and I intend to read every one of them.  The "down home" country humor is priceless.  However I have no clue what "I swan" means.  Great read and a marvelous plot.  Definitely a five star read.
 I must first confess, I like books that are not bogged down with a lot of "landscape" or pages and pages of unnecessary detail to make the author look like a genius.  Instead, I want a book that touches on real life emotions and real life drama and creates a read that I don't want to put down.  This is my first Scott Pratt novel and it will definitely not be my last.
 Joe Dillard is an easy guy to like. He has good and bad points like the rest of us. But he pursues his clients interests with diligence without taking the easy way out. Twists and turns in this book make it hard to put down.
 Scott Pratt is an excellent storyteller who has written a fast-paced,  lawyer-based crime series demonstrating that he definitely knows his subject matter.  He has captured the East Tennessee culture and the tone of its people (both good and bad!).  His writing is reminiscent of Elmore Leonard's depiction of Southern Kentucky. The plot with its twists and interesting characters keeps one turning the page for more while the conflicted Joe Dillard addresses soul searching questions which make him believable and not just one-dimensional.  I would recommend this entire series for those who like lawyer books, crime fiction and southern justice books.
 This is my first novel by Mr. Pratt &amp; I think I will be reading more. The characters, especially Joe, came to life in a very believable way. The pages kept turning &amp; before long we were done. The events tied in so neatly that everything fit making the story so believable. Excellent color &amp; writing style. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
 I like Scott Pratt books, he is a good writer and tells a good story. It wasn't one that I couldn't put down, or had to finish in a weekend, but it was compelling. I liked the characters, but  thought some of the side plots and characters took up a little too much space, but overall positive.
 I finished this book and IMMEDIATELY bought the next  book in the series.The characters are so well defined, I can't wait to encounter them again.The plot is so thrilling and surprising I couldn't put the story down. The good - bad theme of our legal system actually became a topic between my husband and myself. I thoroughly enjoyed "AN INNOCENT CLIENT!"
 I really enjoyed his book 1. It was a steady read, you didn't have to go back to figure out which character they were describing and yet there were plenty of interesting personalities.  It kept me grabbing for it when time permitted. On to book 2!
 This is a fast paced thriller that I did not want to put down. The author developed the plot with twists and turns and well developed characters. This is the first novel I have read by this author and I am going to order the next book and hope for another thriller!
 An Innocent Client is one great read. Joe Dillard has led an interesting life. But the reader will see a lot more of the conflicts he has to face in life and in the courtroom in this story. I enjoyed every twist and turn. It's amazing.
 I recommend this book for many reasons: The characters are welled developed, Scott Pratt is a literate writer with a good command of language, he involves his readers, and anyone will be pleased to have this book in hand.
 Excellent book!  Fast paced, interesting story, and great writing style combine to make a truly pleasurable read.  I finished An Innocent Client and immediately downloaded the second Joe Dillard book, In Good Faith.  I am glad I stumbled across Scott Pratt.  He is a wonderful writer!
 I love the character development in all of Mr. Pratts’ books that I have read thus far.<br/>One always seems to lead to another and each plot is so unique from the one before.
 I was out of books to read and started looking on Amazon for a new one.  I read the description of this book and it sounded good, so I got it. I am hooked now!  The story was really good and kept you wanting to turn another page!  It is a series, so I immediately ordered the next 3.  I just got this book (book 1) last week and am already on book 4 in the series and will definitely order the others!  I also learned that Scott Pratt is an independently published author, so give his books a try - I think you will enjoy them!
 I wasn’t fully impressed with this book. Maybe it’s me but I was able to predict some of outcomes as it related to difference storylines. I gave it three stars because of the character Ms. Barlowe. I loved her mindset and loyalty to her staff. She was rough but compassionate and strong.
 Scott Pratt brings lawyer Joe Dillard to the Innocent Client for whom he's longed. Through an interesting web of intrigue and plot twist the author turn a great story into a true page Turner. If you like legal mystery genre you'll thoroughly enjoy this thrilling read.
 I read this book not realizing it was self published but found it to be every bit as good as books I have read by well-known authors.  Interesting to the very end and not the end one would guess.  I certainly look forward to other books by Scott Pratt.
 Neat characters with tormented stories but examples of survivors who find a way to cope, most still managing to do good to and with others in spite of what others have done to them ... well worth the read.
 Enjoyed the book. Fast moving. Page turner. The story just moves right along without all that extra stuff put into books about insignificant stuff. I like his writing a lot.
 This novel was fast paced, had  well developed characters, and an intriguing plot. The legal materials were interesting and informative without being confusing to the lay reader. I liked the frequent twists and turns that kept me guessing concerning the possible conclusions in this story.  I recommend this novel to those who enjoy legal mysteries.
 I read the Dillard series 2-4 before going back and reading number 1.  I had some idea about the story from reference in subsequent series, but I still enjoyed the book. It is a great vacation read. Easy to put down and come back to after disruption.  it is not Grisham or Isles but a light read with a consistent character and ease.
 Think I've found a new favorite author!  I really enjoy Scott Pratt's writing style, and I love his cast of characters. Attorney Joe Dillard is honest, down to earth, smart, not perfect and very likable.<br/>Really enjoyed An Innocent Client!  Can't wait to begin In Good Faith, Scott's second book in the Joe Dillard series.  After one book I feel as though Joe's an old friend.  Looking forward to hanging out with him during his next trial.
 Scott Pratt has created a human, likable, character in Joe Dillard.  With Joe's background in the military, his dysfunctional family of origin, and his easy going personality, I think most readers will be able to relate to him. The author is an attorney, so the accuracy is there.  The story has humor, drama, and action.  I recommend this author and this book in particular.
 What a delightful book!  Thrilling murder trial, lots of twists and turns. Pathos, humour; the reader is taken from moments of utter disgust at the legal corruption, to heartbreak at the underlying motives for the crimes.<br/>An excellent read.
 I have enjoyed books by Grisham and Turow so when Amazon suggested the Joe Dillard series, I decided to try a new author.  I am so happy that I did.  I think that the character development is excellent, especially that of Joe Dillard.  He feels especially real to me and very human with his painful childhood and resulting emotional scars.  I understood the difficult relationship he had with his sister, Sarah, and his conflict in defending some pretty scummy characters.  I also enjoyed the fact that Joe's character was written in the first person.  This allows the reader to really "know" the character from the inside out.  It was an all around good read with likable characters that I recommend to anyone who enjoys who-done-it and courtroom drama books.  Before I finished this book, I bought the second book in the series for my Kindle.  It's a snowy, cold day here in Pittsburgh and I'll be curling up this afternoon with "In Good Faith."
 I'm grateful for coming across this author.  I'm now reading the whole Joe Dillard Series and loving every book.  I really appreciate how the character brings about all facets of the law.  I am enjoying getting to know Joe Dillard - his flaws and all.  But mostly, I appreciate his strong principals and character for his fellow human beings.
 I really like this novel, having studied law, even though in a different country, I really like law related plots, but find it hard to understand the "legalish" involved, even though I had to look up some words  and terms, I loved the way the author explained these complex procedures and terms, some events were predictable but I couldn't imagine how the author was going to resolve them. Definately enjoyed it.<br/>This is my first review and looking forward to read more of his books.
 This book grabs the reader for on the first chapter,one of those books that's hard to put down.  Characters well defined and just when you think you have it solved, there's another twist.  Can't wait to read more of his books.
 Great book,  I purchased the whole set of 9 books. Joe Dillard is a great character to follow, along with the southern bell madam.
 I can't stand chick books.  You know the kind.  It takes 2 and a half pages for the lead female to get a cup of coffee because she has to examine all of her emotions on the way to the kitchen. This book isn't that!  Pratt engages you from page 1 and you hit the second page running.  You get the picture without an undue amount of prologue.  The characters are numerous, yet well developed enough to recall with a small amount of updating as the story progresses.  I consider this book a page turner, and finished it within 24 hours.  I was sort of wishing it was longer because it was so good.<br/>Based on the title, the introduction and reviews, you may think you know where this story is headed, but you won't, necessarily.  I was pleasantly surprised at how intricately the plot came together at the end.  Some things I had already guessed, but some turns were unexpected. It all made sense though.<br/>I happen to live in Greeneville, Tennessee now, (transplanted from the NY/NJ area 2 years ago) and loved all the references to the localities.  I had no problem envisioning exactly where he went that night to track down Junior.  I probably shouldn't admit it, but I may try to pass by "The Mouse's Tail Gentlemen's Club" to see if it's still there.  The setting really came to life in this book.<br/>I'm looking forward to reading the rest of the books in this series and would definitely recommend this to readers who like action, with a side of humor and real people stuff.
 Scott Pratt's debut novel is a page-turning legal thriller featuring devious characters, corrupt government officials, drunken preachers, and more strippers than you can shake a terwilliger (inside joke to anyone that's read this book) at!  At the book's core is Joe Dillard, jaded defense attorney, sick of working for a bunch of lousy criminals and getting them off on technicalities.  The dialogue, plot twists, and courtroom scenes are well done, and the characterizations are top-notch without being overly explicit.<br/><br/>I am going to be recommending this book to all legal thriller fans, and ordered the 2nd in the series two days ago.
 An innocent client. Legal thriller that has great plot. Adult storyline without the x rated filth is so amazing  imagine a man who actually loves his wife. Good pace. Never bored. Buying his 9 pack next.
 Good book.  Love the series.  I’m confused about timeline.  I thought Joe was in his mid 40s but there is mention of him being in the army in 1983 when his buddy Bo is introduced.  That would have made him around 10-15 years old at the time. Am I missing something?
 This was a great set of characters in a predictable story. I don't think that was a bad thing at all that you could see the consequences and circumstances of any situation Joe got into almost immediately. It did feel like some of the situations involving his personal life were rushed and disregarded but I hope to read about them In future books.<br/><br/>I got this first one on sale for a buck and the author sold me on a great main character and a fast paced story, can't wait to read the others.
 If you think corrupt judges, prosecutors and investigators are rare just take a look at innocent 42 year death row inmate Tommy Zeigler. The problem with the Dillard series is that the same ones show up in all of the books. Too much of a bad thing gets tiring. Move away Joe.
 I had low expectations of this book but was intrigued by the description of the story.  I started reading it this morning and couldn't put it down.  The author covered some uncomfortable topics (pedophilia, rape and some of the descriptions were graphic) but they were relevant to the story.  Joe Dillard was a memorable lawyer and hero.  I will be downloading the next book in the series as soon as I post this review.
 A little gruesome at times, but sometimes that what it takes to hold the attention of readers.  I enjoy a good who done it and this one didn't disappoint me.  I didn't see the end coming.
 Good story line and different twists keep your interest. Easy reading and easy story line to follow without having to go back to figure out what 's going on
 One of the best books I've read in a while.  There was nothing I didn't like.  I recommend it to anyone who likes a good mystery.  I started it last night and finished it about noon today, very hard to put down last night.
 Great book, I couldn’t put the book down, I fell in love with the characters. The twist and turns really made the book flow. Can’t wait to read book 2. Scott Pratt you definitely have a new fan.
 Joe Dillard a criminal defense lawyer finds that the criminal in this story in also the person who committed a crime before he was murdered. To my surprise this first book in this series is very well written I enjoyed this story a lot and plan on reading the rest of the 6 remaining book and Scott Pratt will  probably be added up there with my other suspense author I enjoy like James Patterson, Matthew Corbett, Michael Connelly &amp; Ed McBain.
 A very entertaining book similar in style to the above mentioned author. Kept my attention - which was appealing as it is a good travel book to enjoyably pass the time on a plane, train or boat.
 This author is a wonderful storyteller. Easy to read.  Story has a lot of twists and turns, keeping your interest throughout the book. I plan to read more of his books.
 Decent mysteThis was the 1st Scott Pratt novel I have read. "An Innocent Client" was a pretty good crime/mystery novel. I enjoyed the twists and turns. I did enjoy the rather candid description and plot of a corrupt justice system. It was relatively quick paced and not overly detailed. Many of the characters were completely deplorable - Agent Landers especially. Joe Dillard was a typical defense lawyer - likable because he is simply doing his job and providing for his family. "An Innocent Client" was not a 5 star read, but it was entertaining and enjoyable.ry/crime novel
 New independent writer who has a grip of court procedures and office politics. He has developed likable characters and  he loves his wife and family. Nice to read without testosterone. Just finished his second one” In Good Faith “ it’s even better than the first one. I will be buying more.
 I've read several of Mr. Pratt's books and loved them all.  As an avid reader, I got tired of dishing out so much money for the Grisham, Finder, et. al, novels and turned to Kindle Unlimited.  So glad I found Pratt.  He writes intelligently, there are no annoying grammatical errors, and he develops a suspenseful and believable storyline.  His characters are well developed, with strengths and flaws, so you get a sense of knowing them.  Keep writing, Scott Pratt!
 An awesome story-line. Better than most because there’s humor along with the bad things that are happening.<br/>Don’t want to spoil by saying what happens, so you just have to get the book and read it.
 I didn't get into reading legal thrillers until the Lincoln Lawyer came out, since then I've read several of them and this is one of the better ones I've read. Maybe part of it is my connection to Johnson City, Tennessee and reading about it and the other parts of East Tennessee that I enjoy however, the story holds it's own regardless of where of locale. After reading this book I've since purchased and read the next 2 in the series and getting ready to start the 4th. Scott Pratt is my new favorite author and I've become quite unproductive since discovering his books since I can't seem to stop reading them once I get started. If you enjoy books in this genre I believe you will enjoy this book and the others in the series as well and you can't beat the kindle price for them either.
 I was fascinated by the twists and turns of this plot.  It was a joy to read and provided great entertainment to help my passion for reading and pass time.  Richard.
 I always liked to pick and read random fictions from Kindle. This is definitely a worthy pick. The part I loved most with this book is the way different characters are built. The way each character is portrayed, you'll start fall in love with them. Beside Dillard, Caroline character is my favorite. What a supporting wife she is. I loved the way Erlene talks and Landers thinks on seeing every woman. Scott Pratt is one of my favorites now, I'm going read the entire Dillard series.
 I’d never read any of Scott Pratt’s work but I wanted a new mystery,,,,and got it. It also takes place in my neck of the woods; north eastern Tennessee and North Western North Carolina, Appalachia
 This book kept me captivated from first page till the end.<br/>Fast reading and quite entertaining.<br/>All the characters had a personality that were captivating<br/>and easy to live and hate.......<br/>I fell in love with Joe Dillard....  thank u
 This book is such a thrill! Absolutely loved it, I’m going to read the second Dillard book now and judging by how great the first one was the second will be even better. I noticed some people did not like some of the scenarios in this book, but I think one of the best parts about it is it is not sugar coated. These situations happen in reality too, we just don’t hear about them or tune them out. Wonderful depiction of your characters as well Scott!
 I love it when I find a book that grabs my interest on page 1 and leaves me wanting more as I finish the last page.  Fortunately, there are 8 books in this series and I plan on reading them all.  The author does a fabulous job of developing the characters, especially Joe Dillard,  and the storyline has many twists and turns.  It is interesting reading this from a defense lawyer's perspective as I've always wondered what kind of person could defend violent criminals.
 This is my first book from Mr. Pratt and I truly enjoyed it.  Good background provided on all characters and a nice flavor of Tennessee for those - like me - who do not know that state. Once the story line is set, there is no putting down the book... you want to keep going and without giving out the end, a little twisted development was very welcome.
 as a former legal secretary, I was impressed with the accuracy of pratt's legal maneuvers. i also liked the fast pace of the book.That his client was actually guilty was a disappointment,because of the misdirection tothe second suspect. All in all, a good read.
 The characters, the plot, everything internal to the story were good to great, but there is this thing....it bugged me throughout the book: the way date and time hours and minute were the chapter title...I never saw them following one another. And it was plum irksome, honey! I mean Lordy, sugar....couldn't you find a real title or two!
 For me this book was an emotional rollercoaster.  Joe was as real as it gets for a character in a book.  I'm hooked and can't wait to start book II
 Besides John Grisham I haven’t been able to enjoy any of the so called top rated court room drama authors. After reading this book by Mr Scott Pratt I was very impressed by his storytelling ability. I highly recommended this book
 I gave this book high marks because it was hard to put down. It captured my interest with the misdirection and eventual twisting that got you to the actual truth and conclusion. The characters where intriguing and added great interest.  I think I will try the second on the series.
 Author Pratt has begun what promises to be a great series of stories, if An Innocent Client is any indicator.  Joe Dillard comes across as a truly conflicted attorney, on his way to burnout.  A very well-conceived plot unfolds that is both believable, and complex enough,  to keep the reader turning pages in anticipation of finding the one of a variety of outcome possibilities.<br/><br/>There does turn out to be an innocent defendant, but what a surprise to finally who that turns out to be!
 This novel was a satisfying and enjoyable legal puzzle.  Joe Dillard is presented as a principled defense attorney who has represented “one too many” guilty clients.  The reader can easily identify with him - I liked the mix of his personal life details with his legal perspective.  The first few pages didn’t grab me but I am glad I continued on his journey.  Will definitely read Book 2 in this series!
 This book paints a picture of using the law to advantage.  Most interesting.  View of the legal profession  and the obstacle s. They face when defending their clients. The only  distraction to a most engaging story was the overuse of graphic sexual  content much of which was unnecessary
 To be honest, I downloaded this book to my kindle by accident, thinking it was another in David Rosenfelt's Andy Carpenter series.  Although I had never heard of Scott Pratt, the title, "An Innocent Client" sounded interesting and I hoped it would be another legal thriller that might have been a fun read. It was.<br/><br/>Like the Andy Carpenter series, this author's book was a fast read, but that is where the similarities part ways.  There was no David Rosenfelt humor in Scott Pratt's novel and the judicial system was painted in dark and negative hues by the later.<br/><br/>Joe Dillard always wanted to be a prosecutor; however, even though he found it repugnant, the real money was in defending clients, most of whom he was sure were guilty.  More sickening, believing one of his clients was "not guilty" of committing a particularly heinous crime, after successfully defending that client , the scumbag came to his office admitting the crime and offered a bundle of money that he stole before he murdered the victim.<br/>Joe Dillard had come to believe that his clients, the police, the lawyers from both sides and the judges were all manipulating liars who cared only about themselves and winning, not justice.<br/><br/>Joe longed for too things--having "An Innocent Client" and leaving the criminal justice system with his sanity.<br/><br/>Believing he had "An Innocent Client" Joe Dillard accepted a much needed $250,000 cash payment from, Erlene Barlowe, the wealthy southern Tennessee owner of a gentleman's club representing Angel Christian on charges that she viciously murdered a drunken Reverend John Paul Tester who manhandled her as she waited on him at the club.<br/><br/>Suffering flash backs from his war time service, thoughts of seeing his step father sexually molest his older sister Sarah, and ruminating about vicious murderers who used his legal skills to set them free only to murder again, Joe finally tells the truth to his loving wife Caroline, as twists and turns in the "Innocent Client" case comes to a head.<br/><br/>Although I did not find myself chuckling through this legal thriller as I did will David Rosenfelt's Andy Carpenter series, Scott Pratt's debut was a quick read that I enjoyed and believe that others will as well.
 This is the first time I've read Pratt and will definitely pick up another.  He obviously knows his way around a courtroom and creates interesting multi-layered characters.  I almost put it down a few times (hence the four rather than five stars) but only because he did a little too well with the misogynistic nature of one character.  That character needs his due; hopefully Mr. Pratt will see to it in the sequel.  All in all a good ride.
 A little slow in parts.  Could leave out the *language and still have a good read.  Was out of character with the attorney.  Sounded like it was put in just to shock.
 I really enjoyed this book. Pratt told a good story that was both intricate and flowing. The characters were fun and well developed, and it held my attention from start to finish. I am excited about reading the next book in the series.
 Really enjoyed the story and the character development of judges, prosecutors, protagonists.  Interesting twists and the writing moved along without the "filler" that's so common in other novels.  I'll definitely read more books in this series.
 I did enjoy this book.  It kept my interest throughout and I started the second book in the series immediately.  It got a little carried away with some of the violence but not enough to worry about.
 I believe this book had a chance to be a good story but I stopped reading it by the third chapter. The foul language really runed this book for me.
 needed a new book for the beach and downloaded Innocent Client and COULD NOT PUT IT DOWN.  I then proceeded to order the Joe Dillard series and am so bummed I finished the last in the series - cannot wait to download the rest - hope he keeps writing to keep up with my voracious appetite for his style...  thank you Mr. Pratt!!
 Joe Dillard, his tortured career choice, his loving family, his lost sister and the "innocent" client make this book a must read! The author cleverly weaves Joe's personal life including a pivotal childhood crime with the current death row murder cases so the reader just wants to keep reading.
 A pleasant surprise. Greatest book ever ? No. But I enjoyed it and the pleasant surprise was that there were no real clunky parts that so often spoil a book like this. Good characters and dialogue. A fable of sorts, but grounded. I’ll read more.
 This is a very well written book with interesting plot. There are a number of intertwined moving parts, but not so many that they confuse the reader. Not the best book I have ever read but an enjoyable read nonetheless. Glad I picked it up. I am ready to start on the next book in the Joe Dillard series.
 Joe Dillard wants to quit his criminal law practice.  He needs a change. He plans to represent only one more client, and then he was getting out. He wished just once he could represent an innocent client. Angel, a young girl, enters the picture. The DA begins his illegal machinations to be sure she is convicted.
 Great plot. Conflicted good guy who embodies the perfect modern day hero. Somewhat idealistic but at the same time there is tragedy and honest relatable histories. It was a definite page turner which is why I gave it 5 stars!
 I loved each page of this innovative story. Exciting story and great characters. Since this is the first in the Joe Dillard books I look forward to many more enjoyable nights reading.
 Mr Pratt is a fine story teller.He has the capacity to move right along with his writing.His characters are well developed and believable. A fun fast paced thriller.
 The characters in this bike were brilliantly fleshed out, the story line and the action all felt so real. A great novel and one you can’t put down and you keep wishing the end is at least another 500 pages away.
 I love books that focus on the criminal justice system, and read a lot of Grisham, Lescrort, and Baldacci, to name some of my favorites.<br/>I'd never tried Scott Pratt, but hoped I'd enjoy him because there are quite a few books in his Joe Dillard series.<br/>I'm delighted to report this book was well worth the read! On to his next book! Thank you, Scott!
 Great book... kept me reading long after time to go to sleep. Like able characters and several twists that I sure didn’t see coming!<br/>Enjoyed it very much
 A wonderful read.  I generally read at night to help me go to sleep but this one kept me up and reading to find out what happens next.  Characters were larger than life and the author made me feel I was right beside him throughout the whole adventure.  Can't wait to get my hands on his next book.
 A great read. Wonderful characters and developed them very well..good, the bad and the ugly. Anxious to read the next book in the series. I have a few friends with similar reading habits that will also enjoy Mr. Pratt.
 I just finished AN INNOCENT CLIENT on Kindle and truly enjoyed.  Scott Pratt's writing is smooth and quite interesting.  I felt like I knew Joe Dillard very well by the time I finished.  I highly recommend the book, and I plan to read the rest in the series.  Thank, Scott, for your talent.  Oh, while we're at it, check out AJ Arthur's novels on Kindle.
 This was a great book. It got better the farther in you got. Several twists and turns to keep you wondering. If you enjoy murder mystery you will love this and the justice it deals out
 I got this book for free and didn't know what to expect. I was completely surprised by how well the story was written. I am hooked on Scott Pratt`s mysteries. I look forward to the next in this series.<br/><br/>The story has more than one plot. The characters are well developed and believable. There isn't any offensive language or overly graphic details of the crimes.<br/><br/>The story held my interest and was not predictable.  I recommend this book to readers who enjoy suspenseful mysteries and care about their main characters.
 What i learned by buying this book is to ALWAYS read the 1 and 2 star reviews.  If i had read those, i never would have bought this garbage.
 This was a well written page turner. This was my first book by this author. I definitely will read him again. I already purchased the other book in the series.
 I think this book was free, but I'll pay to read the next one. I thoroughly enjoyed it. All the twists and turns kept it interesting. I liked all the characterization. I am now a Joe Dillard and a Scott Pratt fan.
 I've never read any of Mr. Pratt's books before. I wasn't in love with it until the third chapter. Then I can put it down. It's a page turner and delightful and a lot brilliant. If you're looking for a good legal thriller read and have stumbled across this book I highly recommend it. I'm looking forward to reading book 2 of the series .
 I found myself working hard to find time to read this book. Loved the theme of family that ran though out the book. Surprised to find I had never heard of this author. Will definitely be reading the other books in this series.
 An interesting twist on legal thrillers/courtroom drama. Storyline was great. It took me a while to get over the narrator's voice though.  I give it just over 4 stars.
 When John Grisham was starting out, his books were raw, exciting, impossible to put down. Waiting for Grisham to come out with a new book was as painful as waiting for Michael Connolly's next book. Grisham is still great, though his books are not quite as raw and exciting as they once were.<br/><br/>But now we have Scott Pratt who brings us his own version of the raw, exciting legal thriller, but with a bit of humor. Before I finished Mr. Pratt's first book, I bought the next one.
 I liked this book a lot. I have now read the second and am on the third. They get better with each book! I will read the whole series. I have become invested in the characters which for me makes it better!!
 One of the best lawyer books I've ever read. The characters are real. The realistic depiction of PTSD yet still being able to function got me. But the pitch perfect emotional support also got me. Oh and the plot is fantastic.
 This was a very interesting story.  It give you insight into the legal system from a defendant perspective.  The main character (Dillard) is very interesting and complex and hates his job although he is very good at it. It resembles John Grisham style of writing, which I like.  Very interesting book.
 An outstanding book worth reading...finished it within 3 hours...a page turner to say the least...excellently written. Joe Dillard is a flawed human being but a wonderful man and lawyer.  Cudo's to Mr. Pratt for creating such an interesting story and character. Can't wait to dive headfirst into the next Joe Dillard tale.
 I got the recommendation to read this book from a friend. I'm from East Tennessee and thought I'd st least enjoy reading about the events in the area. I was totally surprised at how well written this book is! I'd highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys fast paced murder mysteries!
 Who would have known that Joe’s presumably innocent client was not so innocent. What really happened? And what about Joe’s sister all ready to sink his ship.<br/>Oh and that crazy preacher’s son.<br/>Great story.
 I got this book because it was on my list of possibilities for the day.  Sounded good and the price was right.  I will now pursue others of the Joe Dillard series, as well as others my Scott Pratt<br/><br/>He did a great job of keeping this interesting and I did not want to put this down.<br/><br/>Thank you, Mr. Pratt for a great read
 I wasn't impressed with the first few chapters of the book. However as I got deeper into the book, it became much more interesting with twists and turns. I ended up liking it very much and immediately put book # 2 on my Kindle and I can't wait to read his whole series!
 It was a page-turner. Gave me protagonists to root for; even with their flaws, and antagonists to root against. I like that even though I thought I knew where the story was going, there were twists and turns and I still got the outcome I desired.
 Well written and a good read. I don’t know who I liked better, Joe or Erlene! A crime story without a bunch of holes in it that make it seem fictitious. A lot of legal jargon, but in the simplest of terms. Clever ending.
 An Innocent Client was too good to put down!  Scott Pratt has filled this book with interesting and tantalizing characters. There are very fine “red herrings” and plot twists enough to satisfy any mystery lover.  Joe’s character as well as his wife, Caroline’s character, are both fully realized and seem to be people you’d root for in real life. I’m anxious to get onto the next book in the series to see where they go from here!
 This is a rip-roaring legal mystery/thriller. Great character development - some you'll love, some you'll love to hate. Delicious twists and turns will keep you guessing through the last chapter. I'm looking forward to rest of the books in the Joe Dillard series!
 Fantastic reading, intelligent plot, enjoy it tremendously. This guy (Scott Pratt) is on top of my favorite list of authors. What a great book... buying “In good faith” (#2) after finishing this review. Great job Mr. Pratt.
 Excellent legal thriller.....great characters, very interesting story. Liked it so much I have read the Dillard series #2 and #3 and just bought #4 and #5. All 3 I have read so far are really good and I'm looking forward to the next 5 of the series. Pratt is certainly an author deserving wide readership.
 A reason to like a defense attorney.  Joe Dillard is the guy y o u would want on your side.  Good story with lots of surprises.  Well drawn characters both likeable and not.  Kept me guessing all along.
 Really enjoyed this book.  Joe and his family feel  like long standing friends and I found every opportunity to read this novel because the storyline had grabbed my attention and I couldn't wait to find out how everything worked out.  I was thrilled when I found out this was number one in a series now enjoying the second book.
 There's nothing better than a good story told well with great characters.  As soon as I started this book, I couldn't put it down.  The rich descriptions of the characters made the story.  The telling of the main characters' back stories made me want cry, laugh or be disgusted.  Thanks for a good read.  I can't wait to start the next one.
 The explicit sexual remarks are offensive
 What a find!  And to think that there are seven more books in the series!  Joe Dillard is an accomplished, interesting, and conflicted defense attorney.  He is going to quit and do something more meaningful with his life.  His one wish before he does so is to defend an innocent client.  He has made enemies of prosecutors, cops, and judges in his career, and being assigned to nasty cases is his punishment.  He is wrapping up several cases representing reprehensible clients as appointed by an adversarial judge.  The setting is rural Tennessee, and there's nothing like a small-town grudge or two to make life miserable.  He is then contacted by the owner of a "gentleman's club" to defend a young woman charged with first degree murder.  His inclination its to decline because it's only months until he can leave his already down-sized practice.  The offer of $250,000, though, is just too good to turn down.  The fun then begins for the reader.  Joe uses clever twists and turns, brilliantly using our legal system to bring a just and satisfying end to the case.  In addition to the terrific story, the grammar, editing, and proof reading was among the best I've read on Kindle.  I can't wait to start reading the next Joe Dillard saga!
 If you connect with the hero (Joe Dillard) and find him or her likeable, then you love the book, and I did. Great story. You have a new fan Mr. Pratt. Julie Gaskill, independent author and fellow Tennessean.
 Scott Pratt's "An Innocent Client" has all the makings of a crackerjack legal thriller: a sensational crime, a nearly helpless defendant, a courageous defense attorney, and the rest of the legal community lined up against them. Unfortunately, while the client in this book might be innocent, Pratt himself is guilty of frequently losing track of the narrative in order to make his points about the legal system.<br/><br/>Pratt's hero is Joe Dillard, a 40ish defense attorney in a small East Tennessee town (the region where Pratt himself comes from). Dillard is very good at his job so he's in great demand, both with defendants with the ability to pay and the judges who assign him seemingly every single case involving indigent defendants who are the worst scum of the earth. Dillard is burned out from his own guilt at what he is doing: using every trick at his disposal to keep despicable monsters out of jail or get them the minimum possible sentence.<br/><br/>Dillard plans to wrap up his criminal practice for good, but he winds up with one last client, a waitress at a strip club accused of killing one of the patrons. The victim was a preacher who got drunk at the club and was found dead the next day in a cheap motel room, having arrived with an unidentifiable woman. The evidence against the waitress is rather flimsy, but the DA is prosecuting her for political reasons. The club's owner has lots of money and is willing to pay Dillard a bundle to defend the waitress, so Dillard finally decides to take the case, convinced he's finally got a defendant who is actually worth defending.<br/><br/>Readers expecting a Perry Mason-like courtroom thriller will be disappointed here, but Pratt makes up in rich character development what the story lacks in legal pyrotechnics. The case does finally go to trial, and readers are disappointingly treated to a few (far too few for most readers) pages of courtroom maneuvering. Pratt is a good writer, capable of describing legal proceedings well, and he also gives readers a well-rounded protagonist... a man burdened with a lot of family baggage and considerable self-doubts who has to decide as he approaches middle age what he wants to do in his professional life.<br/><br/>The problem with the book is that Pratt seems more interested in proving his highly cynical points about the legal system than telling a very interesting story. To sum up Pratt's thesis briefly: the legal system stinks. Everyone lies. Cops lie, defendants lie, prosecutors lie, and defense attorneys have to engage in nonstop ethical gymnastics and semantic games playing to convince themselves they are still abiding by the ethics codes, while, at the same time, trying to get the system to return a most unjust verdict in favor of their clients.<br/><br/>It's possible to write a novel that makes these points without sacrificing the flow of the storyline, but Pratt hasn't done so. Instead, he manipulates his plot to saddle Dillard with multiple clients who are sick and depraved enough to make Charles Manson look like a choirboy. In real life, the petty criminals, drunk drivers and small time drug dealers that form the bulk of a defense attorney's clientele aren't nearly as dramatic or useful for making Pratt's point as are the defendants who comprise Dillard's own version of America's Most Wanted. Pratt's constant insertion of extraneous scenes into the story for the sole purpose of dramatizing his points about the justice system winds up wearing thin after a while.<br/><br/>Pratt has one other storytelling convention that some readers may find annoying. Most of the book is written in the first person with Dillard as narrator. However, about one-third of the book is written in the third person, focusing on secondary characters and often giving readers insight into those characters' thoughts as well. It's a helpful plot device to allow more insight into secondary characters and to allow Pratt to include key scenes in the narrative of which Dillard has no knowledge. While it's a helpful device, it's really nothing more than a shortcut that allows Pratt to get away with some sloppy plotting.<br/><br/>The heavy handed politicizing and odd narrative style are bothersome and distracting, which is disappointing since Pratt has the essence of a terrific thriller here, including a clever twist ending. He's an accomplished writer who can make some of the finer points of the legal process more understandable and he has also created a series character who can easily sustain several subsequent books. Perhaps in his eagerness to let readers know his insights and opinions about the system, Pratt went overboard in this book, diminishing the impact of a good central storyline. Because the book has so many positive aspects, I'm willing to reserve judgment on the long term viability of the series. As for "An Innocent Client" itself, I'm not convinced of its merit beyond a reasonable doubt, but I'm willing to give it a marginally favorable recommendation based on a preponderance of good writing and storytelling in the book. Next case!
 I enjoyed this book a lot because of the interesting characters and decent flow. But the ending had a very clever twist I didn’t see coming which elevates it to 5 stars. Would likely make a great movie similar to The Firm.
 I think this book could have been great if it went with (as the title implies) more actual courtroom scenes. I noticed other reviewers liked all the family drama, but for me it was too extraneous. I think if an author touts his book as legal suspense, that should make up the bulk of the story. Some family things going on would have been okay, but if you stripped it out, this would be a very short book. Otherwise, could have been a good read.
 Excellent story well told. Mr. Pratt spins a good yarn with some realistic legal twists. A quick, easy read with interesting character development.
 This is my first book by Scott Pratt. Dillard, the main character was believable as was the plot. The characters were colorful but not over the top. Enjoyed it.
 Surprised and pleased with this "first book." Certainly does remind me of John Grisham.  The main character is flawed and not above making things  that  are not exactly lawful,  somehow moral and right.  A good read with a slow start that warms up quickly.  Several threads within the book that are all handled well and come together.  Love the way he paints his characters!  I will read another Joe Dillard book soon.
 She's innocent, ...or not. He's crazy, ... or not. Which lawman is a crook? Who's the biggest con artist? Who's the most dangerous character? Who's the most wholesome? Who's the most lovable? Never a dull moment.
 Well developed characters, and lots of twists and turns you don’t expect. Couldn’t put it down! Am looking forward the rest of the series.
 First book by this author. I don't read. Many crime/ court books, but indulge ever so often. I felt this was worth it and I'll give #2 a try.<br/><br/>Was not a fast can't put it down read for me, but that. Ya be the genre. Maybe after book 2 I will be into the characters more.<br/><br/>Don't get me wrong, I still gave this a four and think you should give it a try.
 No idea, I don't remember reading it and I haven't been inspired to purchase any more of his books. I think that says it all!!!
 An interesting look at defense attorney and his desire to have one innocent client. Describes how the law can be manipulated by the good guys and the bad guys. Illuminates some of the ethical and moral issues with which a defense attorney must deal. Interesting twists and turns in the plots. The details of the killing of Reverend Tester may be offensive to some.
 This book is smart and a great read. I hated to put it down.  Character is very likable and down to earth. Scott Pratt is definitely as good an author as David Baldacci and Harlan Coben, maybe a touch better.  Now I'm going to read the #2 in series!
 This book was an easy read. Not what I was expecting. Very, very good. Had all the players pictured in my head. Several twists and a few chuckles. Now, onto the next one! I seriously recommend this book, you won't be disappointed.
 This is an intense story that builds to a surprise climax. It is a mystery that involves the reader in a page turning frenzy.
 I am totally hooked on this series. Am on the fourth book and can't put it down. Not only because it is set in my home state of Tennessee, but it is a very well written series, with each book gripplingly suspenseful, I highly recommend it.
 Excellent books, I've read 1 &amp; 2 thus far.  Our primary character certainly has his share of personal and professional problems.  But, the books are very good.
 I really enjoyed this book and it grabbed me from the beginning.  I've often wondered about the struggles of defense lawyers when they are trying to defend people who are in all likelihood; guilty.  I thought the author really captured that dilemma well. I loved the story and the side stories as well. Couldn't put it down. I'm going to explore his other books now as well.
 This will be the first time I have given a review of a book I have read and trust me I have read many books and many were well worth a good review. I don't what exactly about this book that as different in the fact I finally took the time to review it but I can tell you from the beginning to the end I enjoyed the story. A fast read with a enjoyable and surprisingly intriguing outcome. I will be reading book 2 for certain.
 Whoa! This starts as a house on fire and quickly builds to a 100 story inferno. Just brilliant. I loved Joe Dillard from page one. As a legal thriller addict, I’m telling you to BUY THIS BOOK!
 Sometimes more info than what I wanted .  Not for young readers. Believable plot with lots of human struggle thrown in. In spite of language and content had to see how it ended.  Kept me till the end even if I had to put it down more than once.
 Joe Dillard is a great character  will take you into  his legal world  that  Will grab you  and not let you go.  Great characters that are loaded with  surprise s and exciting twists and turns.
 I enjoyed this first novel by Scott Pratt, a very good legal thriller with much of the action outside the courtroom.  I will absolutely be reading this whole series. The protagonist is extremely likable and the story flows along well.
 I thoroughly enjoyed An Innocent Client. I enjoyed this book more than The Firm. I would put it on par with The Lincoln Lawyer. Onto Joe Dillard book 2.
 I chose this book based on the number of 4 and 5 star reviews here on Amazon and I wasn't disappointed. I compare this to a John Grisham book, with one exception, I find Grisham's books typically end awkwardly  - I really liked the ending to An Innocent Client... great story to the very last sentence. I've found a new favorite author and a new series to read.
 I think I obtained this book as a Kindle deal-of-the-day, but I enjoyed it enough that I promptly bought the next in the series - for me that is a pretty good recommendation considering the number of still-to-be-read books already on my list.
 This was a good who-dun-it story efficiently written.  The lead character is complex and interesting.  Several other characters around the lead are also 3 dimensional.  Interesting social commentary about people who profess to be one thing but have a dark side.  I recommend it.
 Story holds your interest. Easy reading and light entertaining reading. A good summer read. Good character development gave scenes depth.
 I enjoyed the characters who sometimes had hidden sides.  I also appreciated the author's use of good grammar and spelling.
 This was a very good  story with emotional and familial justice.Joe Dillard has more than his share of problems but does manage to work through them with justice for  all.
 Kept me guessing the entire time, and who was the guilty party, what was the agenda behind the life, and the plot twists?? I always appreciate a good mystery, one I am NOT able to accurately predict what happens next
 I have now read the whole Joe Dillard series and am sad there are no more. Each book has been exciting and hard to put down. I am happy to see a book based on the crimes and people involved instead of who is having sex with whom. If I want sex making up 70% of the book I would read romance books and have done so.
 I had never heard of Scott Pratt before, however this book was recommended to me by Amazon.  The story is very interesting and I was immediately drawn into the world of the main character Joe Dillard.  Once I began reading, I could not put the book down and finished it in less than a day.  I highly recommend this fast paced and riveting novel. I look forward to reading all of Mr. Pratt's books.
 I enjoyed this book. It was an easy read plus I like above where the protagonist is a likable person and that was the case in this book. Also the case took some twists and turns and you were not sure how things would end.
 I haven't heard of Scott Pratt and I enjoy legal, crime and thrillers, so I thought I would give him a try. So glad I did. I really enjoyed the book.  The main character, Dillard was very likable. Pratt description of the locations and people was good and I felt like I could actually visualize them. Can't wait to read the next book.
 I enjoy good courtroom drama and this story has plenty of that. I've always wondered how defense attorneys handle defending people that they know are guilty of terrible crimes. This is one man's personal struggle with his jobs, and coworkers. It has plenty of action and character growth. I'm going to read the next book!
 Where to start?Scott really can write a up all night legal thriller. I can hardly wait to read Joe's next case. More twists and turns then a snake and Scott makes the good guys and some of the bad so darn lovable it uncanny. Where have you been? Well I'm off to read book 2. I'm home with a broken hip, but now I have Joe to keep me company while I recover. Thanks Mr Pratt
 This is another of Pratt's books that takes you on a wild journey of twists and turns. I have enjoyed these last two books without all nudity. He deals with caring for people he has come to know and worked to find answers for their problem. Good Read!
 Quick easy read keeps you turning the pages.  Great characters you feel like you know well. Looking forward to more Joe Dillard.
 Page turning, suspense murder thriller with southern  charm chuckles along the way. Superior read. "..I guaranty" If you like fast pace suspence with twists Joe Dillard series for you. Next...
 I enjoyed the ethical dilemmas this story presented and some of their creative solutions, though not all had solutions.  The portrait of the legal system in the book may be much more true to life than most of us would like to think and that's a little scary!  There is some very earthy language and situations that may bother some, but I think, that's the way it is.
 Begin this series at your own risk because you'll want the next one as soon as you finish this one.  Pratt's characters are believable and interesting, and the legal part is quite well done. I've read all these and those in the Darren Street Series, too.  Now, Mr. Pratt, please get busy on the next one.  I've read all you've written!  (And I buy them as our library doesn't offer your works electronically.)
 Well written and truly entertaining. I like the real feel to the lawyer, he has issues and deals with them well. The story moves fast and has non predictable outcomes at times. Fun and intense at the same time, I strongly recommend.
 I enjoyed this book as it was not only about a successful defense attorney but covered elements of his family and an awful thing that happened early in his life.  Joe Dilliard successfully got a beautiful girl off on a murder charge with contradictory information coming out during the trial.  Much empathy and compassion in the book.
 I like the way it held my interest from the beginning. My husband and I enjoy getting into mystery novels. We will start with this first one. If the beginning is any indication of what's in the rest of the novel, we could very well have found a whole series to look forward to reading.
 Given the plot twists, you often go back and forth between who the "good guys" are. The author uses the law to weave his story. In the end, the question is not guilty or not guilty, but one of morality and justice.<br/>An enjoyable read.
 Never heard of the writer SCOTT Pratt before taking a chance on his first book, other than reading a review. Am very pleased to recommend this book and intend to read his next book very soon. You get to meet charactors who are interesting and read a story that has a clever and satisfying ending
 It took me awhile to get into this book, but I did find it interesting. Not the best book I’ve read this year, but I will start the next book in the series tonight. Overall if you’re looking for a good lawyer-based book, with a believable plot, I’d recommend this book
 This book was both interesting and entertaining. I loved the story of Joe Dillard and his clients were remarkable!<br/>This is my read of Scott Pratt and I highly recommend. I am a huge fan of legal mysteries, etc. and he is every bit as good as some of the big ones, like Grisham.
 I really like this author and am glad I bought this book.  It's a fast fun read and I'm looking forward to reading the rest of the series.  I haven't had much luck lately in the books I've purchased so this is a great find.
 Fast paced, edge of seat, great characters! I dont understand the Judgy McJudgypants negative, one star reviews. I'm hoping for a movie!
 This book was so good... It kept me on  my toes!!! The story was well-developed, with well-developed characters. I couldn't put it down. I was so anxious to read the next page so I did a marathon of reading. I loved the book!!!!!!!
 An attorney with a conscience takes on a case because he believes in the client and takes the reader on the wildest ride! I fell in love with him &amp; his family &amp; will look for more by this author. A great weekend read
 This first Joe Dillard book sets readers up for what I hope is many more to come.  Thankfully there are more Joe Dillard tales to be read.
 I enjoyed this book.  It's the first of a series, and I WILL read the next.<br/>Enjoyed the plot complexities and the character development.  I wish there had been a good way to develop them without switching narrators.
 I enjoyed this book while I'm not sure that the mood of the book can actually be described as dark none of the other options  quite fit either. This story moved along at a steady pace and I felt invested in the outcome of the characters. I would definitely read something else by this author.
 I would add another half star of I could. I just read all six books in the series and wish there was more. I would recomend the  Joe Dillard series to anyone who likes John Grisham novels. Also if you like to read series. My favorites are<br/>John D Macdonald ( Travis Mcgee series) Lee child (Reacher series)<br/>Randy Wayne White (Doc Ford series) and more.... Now I will add<br/>Scott Pratt and The Joe Dillard series to my favorites and look forward to the next book.
 Enjoyable character. This story starts the series well - it improves with succeeding entry to the series. Recommended!
 This is the first book I have read by this writer. I started it one day and couldn't  put it down. It is a fast read but a delightful book in many ways. It is different from the run of the mill modern publications and I recommend it for any one who likes a crime thriller.
 It's not DeMille or Silva but it's pretty darn good for a couple nights reading. It isn't easy to write a book, make up bunch of different characters all w their unique personalities. To do it pretty well first timeout deserves four stars.
 I have no idea about this book I didn't read or bought it. My 19 month old grand daughter bought by accident. It looks interesting I might even read it.
 Loved this book. Alternately keeps you guessing then surprises you. Character development is excellent. Will probably read the entire series.
 I enjoyed this book and thought it was extremely well written. As a civil trial attorney (30 years) and a federal administrative law judge (13 years), I often speculate as to the book's ending. Mr. Pratt's ending was far better than anything I could come up with. I plan to continue along with his series. I am puzzled as to why a major publisher has not signed him up and thank Amazon for making it possible for me to read this book.
 Good story, somewhat fun! Although Mr. Pratt played the corrupt District Attorney office at nausea. That gets old. And I'd have a hard time comparing this attorney to the "Lincoln Lawyer", which is suggested.
 Love the Joe Dillard series, great story telling and always enough interest to keep you turning the pages.  Great read for fun.
 Don't usually read this genre, but I fell in love with Scott Pratt's writing. Very direct. Descriptions are kept to a minimum, but you still get a clear sense of time and place. And you can't put the book down once you've started. I'm now onto my fourth in the Joe Dillard series.
 I really enjoyed the characters in this book. You had to love Earline and Joe. Good pace, good read. Looking forward to the next Joe Dillard book. Thank you Scott!
 An easy read<br/>Easy to follow not a ton of characters.<br/>Looking forward to the next book.<br/>Will be working for the other side
 One of a series - great read
 What a good book. I liked the attorney and his honesty.  The book was fast paced with interesting characters.  He kept me riveted to the last line.  Next book on my reading list is Book 2.
 Never realized how attorneys work to save the butts of their clients and lose part of their soul when they realize they are guilty after all. What a job.
 I love Joe and Caroline. I really enjoy Mr. Pratt's writing style. I am looking forward to reading the next book in this series as I believe I have found an author to put on my favorite authors list.
 I usually try to figure out the twist and turns that are going to evolve throughout the book, I had two scenarios and both were on target, which surprised me. Really enjoyed the unfolding of the story. I'm not much on following characters, got burnt out on Jack Ryan and Alex Cross but may try another one.
 I gave 5 stars because no slow time , didn't want to put it down . Not the best book I ever read but VERY entertaining. In fact I bought two of Pratt's books and will start one right now.
 I really enjoyed this book and the author's style.  It had my attention from the very beginning and I like the characters and their roles and how the plot unfolds.  As soon as I finished this book, I purchased the second book in the Joe Dillard series (In Good Faith), which I also read in record time and am now on Book 3 in this series!
 Excellent book. Well written with very realistic legal issues. The author understands the nuances of criminal defense practice. Character development is rich and consistent.
 I bought it because of price, but I'm so glad I did! I went back and bought the audio because my hubbub likes listening to books. I loved all of the characters, and the story was well written. Nice pace. Can't wait to read the next one!
 First Scott Pratt book I have read (audiobook actually). Great to listen to. Reader was very good and kept the story moving. A n excellent book weather you read or listen.
 I have read all 8 of the Job Dillard series and they are excellent. 5 Stars.  Great stories and good characters.  I can easily get involved in each of the stories.  If you want  a great read, read all 8 stories.  I am now on the other series Darren Street.  I read the first story and it is excellent too.
 This was a great read with lots of interesting if somewhat overdrawn characters that held my attention until the very end.  Some lawyers lead fascinating lives...a sympathetic look at the job of a defense attorney in a dicey judicial world.
 This is the first of the Joe Dillard series, and a fun read. His writing style is detailed and specific enough to communicate a sense of character. The plot twists are fun.
 I recently read the overall first book by Scott Pratt and became instantly hooked. John Grisham was previously my favorite "legal thriller" type author but is now in second place.
 I love a courtroom thriller.  I'm now adding Scott Pratt to John Grisham and Scott Throw.<br/><br/>You won't be disappointed.
 I was wry impressed with the writing and storytelling. This was a very interesting read that was well paced and contained plenty of surprises. I think I have another legal series to follow!
 Ok, I'm hooked. This book was really well written and full of good twist and turns. If you love legal thrillers, then you'll really enjoy this book. I highly recommend it. The only thing I didn't like was the way it kind of cuts down the legal system, or should I say the law profession, but that being said. I loved it and will be getting book 2.
 An innocent Client was the first book I've read by Scott Pratt. It was interesting story, filled by legal mastery and plenty of intrigue. I'm on to his next book and expect to be a good one.
 I loved this book so much, I bought the next four in the series before I was even finished with it.<br/><br/>Sits squarely in the middle of the Grisham-Turow spectrum, with Grisham being entertaining/candy and Turow being quality/steak.
 I  finished the first book last week and had to see if he was consistent. I think I am hooked. This was a real twister.  You have become my new reading companion.
 First time reading a Scott Pratt novel. Super impressed! I'm a big fan of John Grisham novels and was hoping for something similar &amp; this did not disappoint. Can't wait to read the next Scott Pratt novel!
 I love discovering independent authors.  And Mr. Pratt writes with flair. He takes time to develop his characters and his plotting is tight. He's different. I like him. Bravo Mr. Pratt.
 I liked this book because it held my interest from the first page.  The book was well written and the characters were realistic.  My next reading will be 'In Good Faith'<br/>....followed by all of the other books Scott Pratt has written.
 Kind of all over the place but it held my attention. There was enough mystery (although silly) and some of the characters were intriguing to keep you reading.
 This was the first time I read this author and I really enjoyed the book.  If you like books by John Grisham, chances are you'll enjoy this author also.
 The book was exciting and fast-paced, with an interested set of stories and characters. I plan to read the whole series.
 Read it then read the rest. Twists, turns and very enjoyable. Pratt is a must read author.  Can't wait to get started on his next series.
 The star character is so good and likable that you want to keep reading,  This is a good story with characters that keep your attention,  It was a fun read!<br/><br/>Janet Redeker
 I downloaded Innocent Client as  99cent book. It was worth much, much more. The style and flow is as good as Grisham novels. I have now downloaded the set of Scott Pratts first five books in his Ddllard series and look forward to more great reads.
 An Innocent Client started out good, but soon had me wondering what the heck was going on. Maybe I'm not as astute as other readers, but I felt Scott Pratt got lost in telling the tale.  Sometimes authors cut and paste a few paragraphs - into the wrong place within their document.<br/>I believe a crack editor would prove beneficial, and Mr. Pratt could rework this promising concept into a great novel.<br/>.
 I really enjoyed reading this book. I loved the characters_even the dog. I am looking forward to reading more from Joe Dillard
 While a bit saltier than most of the murder mysteries that I read, the book had well developed characters, a fast moving story line, and interesting twists and turns. Unlike other similar books, with this one, the ending was exciting and a surprise right up to the last page.
 This is my first Pratt book and I was pleasantly surprised by both his writing and the well thought out plot. It kept my interest right up to the end. I am looking for the next book on his list.
 I enjoyed reading this book and the Conflict of Interest too. Many thanks for several hours of enjoyable reading. Yes I am willing to recommend Scott Pratt books to my friends.  Good luck in your future endeavors.  Ranji Rudran
 Great Audio book. The narrator changed his voice for all the characters. My husband and I really enjoyed it on a long road trip.
 If you like crime stories, you will love this one.  Wondered if it would catch my interest at first.  Then I couldn't put it down.  Hoping #2 in the series is as good as this one!
 I've read many "Lawyer" novels.  This one skips verbose pretentions and just gives you a highly entertaining read.
 This was the first time reading this author. Kept me interested the whole book. Surprise ending. Worth staying up to finish.
 I wasn't sure I was going to like this series as I had a hard time getting into the story and keeping all the characters sorted out.  Half way through the book it all came together and I was comfortable with the character development .  I'm now looking forward to the rest of the series.
 I love reading books about lawyers.  This one caught my attention from the very beginning and I couldn't put it down.  I'm skipping over several books I have to start on "In Good Faith" the second in the Joe Dillard series.  Do yourself a favor and read this book!!
 This was the first of Scott Pratt’s books I’ve read. But it won’t be the last. I thoroughly enjoyed it! Great story, great characters, great writing.
 I was looking for a page turner with some suspense and this book really fit the bill. In addition, some of the humor caught me off guard and I found myself laughing out loud. Loved the characters and I'm going to look for the Joe Dillard Series Book 2 right now.
 I loved this book. Definitely not the last Scott Pratt book that I'll read. Loved every character and every character was so believable you feel like you know them.
 Don't start reading unless you have time to stay up all night and finish.  I kept telling myself....'just one more chapter....'. Until the last page.
 I like the story line. Intreating, but I think he could improve on some parts. I don’t think I will be reading any of his other books but overall good.
 I had already read the second book in this series and enjoyed it so much I just had to download this book.  It too was a story I just couldn't put down.  I intend to download the next six.  Dillard is on the ball.  Never thought much of lawyers, but if I needed one,  he would be my go to guy.
 This book was like a basic  shell of every court drama ever written.  Complete with a sleezy investigator, an attorney who is running for office and just needs to get this murder conviction, a beautiful damsel in distress, and an angry judge who makes decisions based off of who pissed him off, not what the law is.
 Maybe I liked this book because I have so much in common with the author; raised in Michigan, live with my husband and three dogs and my daughter just got her J.D!  Just kidding!  I am now on book three....Joe Dillard comes to life on the page and the plots and the characters are interesting and well drawn. If you like a good crime thriller, you will like this series.  They aren't bogged down with a lot of procedural/courtroom stuff<br/>and they move along at a nice pace.
 The book held my interest all the way through. The author's storytelling style is clear keeps the story moving forward. He doesn't bog the reader down with extraneous detail but gives a clear picture of each character. Good courtroom drama. I'll try the next book in this series.
 These books are enjoyable..and a nice way to spend an afternoon...but they are a bit predictable.
 Couldn’t put it down.  Earthy, gritty, totally engaging  characters.  A lawyer ready to cash in his chips takes on one more case.  Wow!  Awesome read. Can’t wait to delve into the rest of Joe Dillard’s escapades as well as any other books the talented Mr Pratt would care to create!
 I just finished this book, it was such a fun read. Definitely a visceral read for me and wonderful twists! I can't wait to read the next one! I'm having my husband read it next. Way to go Scott!
 After reading a seriously bad series of thriller novels, hoping the following installment would somehow improve on the previous and being blatantly disappointed, I was wary of starting yet another spree into a relatively unknown author. I was amazed at the difference. Scott Pratt has true and brilliant talent, amazing wordcraft and a depth of characters to be found only in masterpieces. Loved it, and will probably binge-read the whole series...
 This book kept me up late several nights.  It was a lot like reading John Grisham books.  You really liked the main character and kept rooting for him.  I am going to purchase another book in this series as soon as I submit this review.
 Really enjoyed! Good characters and a decent story line. Kept me I interested! Can't wait to get in to book 2 and beyond!
 Excellent read with a well developed plot that seems a bit predictable but turns out unpredictable!  Lead character is very believable<br/>as attorney, husband, and father.  After reading this book, I purchased more books in the series.
 I  Liked how he developed the character Joe Dillard, lawyer. Good story line with multiple characters and easy quick read.
 I found Scott Pratt's first Joe Dillard book to be very entertaining--much like C.J. Box, Scott Turow, and John Grisham novels.  Am now half way through the second book and will definitely read all the available ones.  In fact they are already on my wish list.  Likeable characters and plots with just enough twists to hold your interest.  Highly recommended if you like legal/mystery reads.
 Every character was developed, and if they were introduced in the story there was a reason.  I couldn't put this book down, &amp; read the whole thing in 2 days.  It was not an overly-complex story that made you have to slow down to understand.  I had fun predicting what might happen next, and plenty of times I was way off!
 A charming story with surprises throughout. I do love a strong female lead who is imperfectly perfect and I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book
 Really enjoyed reading this book. Liked the characters, and the storyline was well written. Good mix of humor thrown in. A little dark but written without a lot of graphic disturbing details.
 A great story. Easy to read and riveting. Many twist and turns but easy to keep up. Makes me as t to read more about Joe Dillard
 Scott managed to write a dark whodunit while giving you a peak into the humor that resides at the core of a real human experience for anyone who wishes it to see it.<br/><br/>I am moving notebook 2 in the series to see if he can keep it up..
 This author knows how to write dialog.  I will admit I had the whole thing figured out before part two but it was still a great read.  His characters all rang true.<br/>No Helter Skelter or 12 Angry Men but an enjoyable read for the beach or just a lazy day on the couch.
 I'm not good at writing reviews, but this book was so good and his characters are so well done; I really like his way of telling stories; he has me on page one. The only problem I have is once I start reading, I can't put it down!  Read this author - he's worth it
 I pick up a lot of books figuring if they're bad no biggie, but if they're good I've found a hidden gem.  This was a hidden gem!  If you're looking for a good solid legal thriller with a main character you can get behind this is your book.  Enjoy!
 I was looking for a mindless read when I  purchased Scott Pratt's book; An Innocent Client. I unexpectedly got a well written suspenseful novel instead.  The characters were fully developed and interesting. The story's main plot was engaging and was blended with some interesting well thought  through subplots. I really enjoyed this book and look forward to reading more of this series.
 Very well written with no "gotcha" or surprise endings. Fast paced, realistic hard to put down.
 I've been searching for a mystery series and found Joe Dillard perfectly suited for my needs. This book hit all the right marks, taught me something about the law, had enough twist and turns that I did not immediately know the ending, and had likable characters. A very enjoyable read!
 A really good murder mystery/ crime drama. Very entertaining.  Good plot, interesting characters.<br/>Once I got into it I couldn't put it down.
 Believable plot twists throughout, charming characters, GREAT character development, and a marvelous story line with a LOL surprise at the end.  And no raw sex, blasphemy, or profanity - what a TREAT!
 Great read.  Love this author.  This is the first time I have read a book by him and I was impressed.  And I am now on Book 2.  How wonderful to find another great author!  I read a lot and I read fast. I will be reading more of his books. Loved it!
 Well written exciting combination of fun and scary episodes.<br/>The legal areas are nicely done and the end is surprising?<br/>I for one truly will recommend it.
 I like attorney/legal court room drama. This book contained it all. Strong character development; deep interpersonal relationships; family/marital relationships;<br/>Most of all it was an entertaining read.
 I'm a Bosch fan and got a suggestion to read "Dillard" series and bit. Damn good reading. As per another review I read, I would agree that characters are somewhat disfunctional and while that can sometimes turn me off, the story line and character depth overcame that for me. Started with Dilliard #1 so excited to keep reading!
 This book is written very well.  The story is interesting.  The characters are developed well and are believable.  The story captured my attention and held it to the end.  I look forward to the rest of the books in his series.  Thank you, Mr. Pratt.
 I couldn’t figure out how he was going to get his clients out of their messes...until the last chapter.  Excellent!
 This story grabbed me from the beginning.  I usually read female authors, but I joined a group about the book Up Shute Creek and a girl said Scott Pratt was her favorite author.  Loved this book!
 I really thought this mystery was good -- it kept me guessing until the end.  The characters are well drawn and I cared about the "star" of the book, Joe.
 An Innocent Client was the first book I've read by Scott Pratt. I wasn't disappointed - it is a compelling story, the characters are unique, and the book is well-written. I'll be reading Scott's other books.
 I enjoyed the book. I'm from Knoxville TN, and with the setting of the story I felt like it was right up the road.  It started out slow but it really started holding my attention about the first couple of chapters. I love Mrs. Barlowe
 This is the first I’ve read from Scott Pratt.  I read Grissom and Patterson but wanted to see what else was out there to read.  I was pleasantly surprised.  It was a rollercoaster of suspense, twists and lies.  It kept me guessing to the end.  Scott also takes time to build character and make me want to read more of the Joe Dillard books.
 I really enjoyed an innocent Client.  I traveled through every twist and turn. The character development was excellent. The story line was fascinating. I recommend this book, it was a lot of fun to listen to.
 I really enjoy this series. I really like Joe Dillard, and I like the stories. Each book has a creative plot. I especially like books series with repeating characters. This one does not disappoint.
 As an avid reader, I consume one to two novels a week.  The downside of that much reading is there is a lot of moderate to bad books to wade through, this is not one of them.  The hallmark of a great writer and storyteller is you read their books more than once.  So, dear fellow readers, enjoy a book you will want to read more than on e.
 Scott Pratt is a master story teller. This book has characters you would love to know and others you love to hate. A real page turner. Books like this are hard to find and I am thrilled to have found them on Amazon for my Kindle, seriously!
 I really enjoyed reading this book and found it difficult to put it down. I would have given it 5 stars except for the fact it got too quirky.
 Great book. Wonderful beginning, middle and end! Enjoyed it very much. Best Audible book so far.
 I was browsing for a book and wanted to try a different author. I came upon this book and I am so happy that I did. It captured my attention from the first page and held it til the last page. I like Mr. Pratt's style of writing. It moves at a nice pace without dragging on. The characters are so real and you feel their emotions. I<br/> think this author will be around for a long time. I already purchased his second book in the series and am looking forward to reading it.
 With more plot twists than a country road, this legal thriller is black and white and free all over.  Dillard is a complex character although the characters around him are a bit flat.
 Scott Pratt writes very engaging legal thrillers. As a native of Tennessee, I enjoy that his books are set in the eastern part of the state. Joe Dillard is an interesting character whose adventures make for some really good reading!
 Interesting characters, enjoyable story. Twists and turns all the way. Great read. On to book two. I hope it is as entertaining as this one.
 This book had enough action to keep you interested,but not the graphic detail to turn your stomach. Thank you for that!
 This is a great read. I thoroughly enjoyed it. The plot develops quickly and there is never a dull moment. I look forward to reading the next in the series.
 It is difficult to put this authors books down, An Innocent Client is no exception. The main plot and the various sub plots keeps your attention.
 If you like action packed lawyer stories... you will love this one. This a very fast paced book with fabulous characters. The lawyer is basically a good guy in a profession that doesn't value goodness.  The people he defends are fiendish and politics involved with getting justice are well illustrated.
 When I get a good book I like to squeeze it out, make it last. I just couldn't do it with this book. I have other things I have to do but I couldn't help thinking about this book and what was going to happen next! It was well worth the read. I highly recommend it.
 This book, while not the most profound I have ever read, was enjoyable . It is a quick read. The characters were relatable and it provided a great afternoon escape.
 Liked the characters and the story kept me engaged to the end. I will definitely read more of the Joe DillafRd series.
 Great story line with a few twists and turns! And a pretty good chuckle at the end. Take it for a spin, you can't go wrong. I'm on to the next one in the series.
 I'm always looking for well-written legal thrillers, and this was one of the best I've found lately.  If you love John Grisham, Michael Connelly and other great writers of legal thrillers, you will love this.  Can't wait to read the next in the series.
 ... with the skill Scott has in putting a great who-done-it together. From the first paragraph to the startling conclusion, a very good read. Now on to the next in the series!!!
 This is the first book in a series.  I am now on my third book of the series and I really like his books.  The books are a continuation of his characters which includes his family.  The books are suspenseful and hard to put down.  Glad I found this author.
 Five stars all the way. Great character development. As an attorney myself, I  can honestly say this story is more accurate than on the law  and our justice system than most. I enjoyed it so much I just ordered the second book in the series.
 Liked all of the Twists of this book. Particularly like the setting in small towns in the mountains and how politics play such a strong roll in everything that goes on in the mountains of Appalachia.
 This is a well written book about life, forgiveness, and murder in the best way.  The ending will shock you  and leave you wanting to read more Scott Pratt books!
 This is one of the best legal Ihave read.  The author really keeps yippy guessing,  right up to the end.  not one dull spot in the whole book.  bought the next one I  the series immediately!
 Great read.  Loved the main character.  You could see he really had a good heart but a difficult job.  I'm reading the next book in the series.
 This book has interesting and varied characters with a good plot. It is very easy to read and has entertaining action scenes that keep it interesting. The people were realistic and "human." I will read more by this author for sure!
 Steady storytelling from start to finish, but lacks the plot twists and innovative writing that great books attain. This is more a B- writing than B, and is easy and simple to read.
 I bought all 8 books of this series and am currently on book 7.  I wish there were more books in this series.  Each book has a good story about some crime committed and Joe Dillard is a good lawyer in solving the case.
 I really, really, like this book.  This was (was because I'll be reading more) Scott Pratt read and I must say I couldn't be happier.  It's full of twists and turns that I never saw coming and kept me interested and on edge from start to finish.  Can't wait to read another book by this fantastic author.
 Pratt makes all if his characters so real and does amazing plot twists that are believable.  If you love a good lawyerly book, start here.  Loved it.  Up all night finishing.
 Joe Dillard is an interesting attorney. I definitely will read more novels with him in it. This was interesting....gliding along just fine. Not really a compelling, cerebral novel, but I did like it...
 A good fast-moving story, with lots of unexpected twists and turns.  However it was a bit too much like Grisham's early works, and I stopped reading him when the theme became boring.
 My favorite type of book would be a mystery/thriller. I don't usually write reviews on books or movies. I've decided to for the books I read because it does help when picking out your next book of choice.<br/>The book was enjoyable. I never lost interest while reading. The characters are interesting and the concept is as well. I have thought about reading the rest in the series but haven't decided yet.<br/>I would recommend this to anyone that enjoys a decent turn paging book.
 Great read and hard to put down.  Son finished reading  in one evening, then husband read in 2.  Said he did not want story to end.  Engaging and will read the rest of the series.
 I am so glad discovered Scott Pratt and the Joe Dillard Series. I am an avid reader and love crime mysteries.  I happened upon book 1 of the series and have been binge reading and am on book 4 right now. Each read keeps me on the edge of my seat til the end  I love how brings all the pieces to a complete end. So satisfying. I love a good author worthy of my time and I’m so happy to have discovered Scott Pratt. Keep writing!
 I really like Mr. Pratt's books. The way he describes makes you feel as if you are there. I think I have all of the books in this series. I like the way<br/>he continues from one book to another. I especially want to see his wife beat the cancer, she is a fighter.
 Interesting characters and believable plot.  This is a good read.  The story is interesting, and the characters play their parts well.
 The novel flowed very well. I have a toddler who distracts me frequently while reading so I like books that are engaging enough to keep my wanting to keep trying. 😊
 He weaved together a tale full of rich, colorful characters caught up in a murder. This page turner set in South Eastern Tennessee kept my interest and made me want to read more Scott Pratt books.
 Loved this book! Was surprised how much I enjoyed it. Great dialogue and interesting, engaging characters. Off to read the next one.
 Very well constructed story line with lots of twists and turns. I had a hard time putting the book down. I’m on my way to buy another Joe Dillard book!
 Interesting characters woven together to tell a great story. I appreciate the well - written story, a great quick read
 I recently came across this author. I've now read 2 of his books and had a hard time putting them down. Good reading and interesting characters.  Will be getting more books from the author.
 First time I have read Scott Pratt and thoroughly enjoyed it. Have bought the second Joe Dillard book and can't wait to start reading.  Thank you for the great entertainment and making him so human
 Thanx Scott, Your story is eliquently told. You kept it both interesting, and believable, and all the while enjoyable. I am excited to start book 2.
 Excellent book!!!!  I had trouble putting it down. Was upset when the book ended because I wanted to read &amp; know more. Of course I ordered book #2 In Good Faith
 Great book. An amazing author.  Never read anything from him before so this was a great find
 The main character, Joe Dillard, is very realistic. He is a very good lawyer with doubts about his chosen career. As a person he is not without warts, and because of that he is a real human being, not just a handsome and brilliant lawyer. Can't wait to read the next book in the series.
 Really enjoyed this book. The characters were interesting and well developed.  Would definitely recommend this book and will look forward to more books by this author.
 This was my first exposure to this writer and I was very impressed with the story line, how it  was developed and the pace of the book. I will probably read all that he has written because his style fits me. He gives you insight into the vagaries of the criminal justice system.
 I enjoy the reading. I like his style. He is not like J Grisham in terms of deep analisis of legal issues, but his narrative is very good.
 Anyone who enjoys a good  legal drama should read this book. I plan to purchase  other books in the series.  Every time I picked the book up to read, it was hard to put down.
 Scott Pratt is an outstanding author.  His Joe Dillard series are all page turners.
 My first Scott Pratt book and I am hooked.  Great storyteller, keeps it interesting and flowing full of twists and turns. I actually gave it a 4.5 rating and am reading the second one.
 A fun book with a lot of twists and turns. Joe Dillard is a honest top notch lawyer who always plays it straight but hates his job. I liked the book because it held my interest whereas I just couldn't put it down. Will be reading his next in the Joe Dillard series and recommend this book to everyone.
 I am reading and listening about lawers,  judges, investigations, becouse you never want to sleep by doing that. This helps me to learn English spoken language and to develope listening skills. This book is very interesting, you can't wait to read farther, to know what is going in the next chapter. I am planning to buy the next book in this  Joe Dillard Series . Thsnks, Scott Pratt
 This book was very fun to read and I read through it rather quickly.  The plot is good and the characters are believable.  Great ending.
 Great book; good story, good character development. Glad I found this book, and excited to read the rest of the books in the series.
 This was my first time reading a Joe Dillard Series book.  I was not disappointed.  It was very interesting from start to finish.
 Starts out by introducing a sleaze of a character who, thankfully, isn't the main one.  Clear personalities, well-developed. Makes one wonder if Dillard will walk away from the job, as he frequently expresses and thinks about.
 A fun book to read with great character development.  This is my first Joe Dillard book with a long list ahead to read
 Scott did a wonderful job slicing the legal system into chewable parts, all with their own deity laundry. The characters, especially Joe Dillard, were lifelike, like able, and had their own set of a "deadly sin"! Enjoyable, I'll read more!
 Scott Pratt has written a very excellent murder mystery, with a surprising trial !! If you like John Grisham books, then this is a must read!! Oh my, what an ending !!!!
 I really enjoyed this book and am glad to have found a new author to read. There are unexpected twists and turns even for this sleuth of a reader! Love the characters of Je Dillard who is very believable. Highly recommend it!
 I very much enjoyed this book. The court scenes were full of drama and very realistic. The main character was fascinating and the end of the book was completely unexpected - the client I thought was innocent was in fact guilty and the character I was sure was guilty was innocent. Great job!
 What a well written story with a nice little twist for an ending. Pratt is certainly up there with Grisham...
 This is my first Pratt novel and it won’t be my last. Joe is an admirable hero and flawed human being. The characters are so fun and well developed. I love the detailed descriptions of the counties and the southern dialogue. Just one question: what does “I swan” mean?
 As a Vietnam era Ranger, myself, I recognize the difficulty of some to deal with some of what we were exposed to.  Ultimately it helped Joe Dillard to deal with a tough decision.  It put a little humanity into the character of an attorney, adding another convincing twist to the well designed plot.  Bravo!
 The plot is clever and very entertaining. The author does a great job at developing the characters and making the reader care. Looking forward to reading more.
 interesting storyline, well developed characters, but way too wordy with too much irrelevant information.  the author goes off on tangents that have nothing to do with furthering the story.  a good editor could streamline this story to make it more readable.  the ending was a little too predictable and was told to us rather than happened.
 I love legal and crime novels and while this one had some crazy characters, it was a decent read with several unexpected turns before culminating at a point that begs for the next book in the series.
 This book is well written.  It keeps the reader  guessing what is coming next. It covers some topics which are very timely.
 this is an awesome read and I cannot wait to share with friends. you will not be disappointed.
 I can see where Mr.Pratt was trying to write a Grisham-esque story about an everyday Joe southern lawyer. There are numerous similarities in the plot, setting and characters. But that is where the comparison ends. Mr.Pratt's novel reads more like and episode of Law &amp; Order,without the sophistication.<br/><br/>I am giving the next book in the series a chance to see if the writing style improves, or if it continues in the same vein as the first one.
 Good story, well told. Only Reason it is four stars is because there just wasn’t enough meat on the bone. If you know what I mean.
 I enjoyed this story with its smart women and flawed men. It was rewarding seeing the bad guys get their due and kindness pay off.
 Fast interesting read and enough twists to keep you guessing. I will definitely be interested in reading more in the Joe Dilliard series.
 Anyone who  one likes an interesting legal drama with fun characters and legal twists and turns will love this book.  I took it off n vacation and couldn't stop reading till I was finished. I was hungry and needed the facilities, but couldn't put it down!<br/>Great read.
 Had a wonderful time reading this book. The author has a  creative and devious imagination. If you enjoy Connolly's books, you'll love Pratt. Looking forward to book #2.
 Likeable main character. Would read more books with him in it.  Exciting enough to keep you reading without profanity and without being horribly graphic.
 Nicely plotted and chock full of twists. The characters are defined well and the protagonist has a world of obstacles to overcome. Recommended highly.
 series.<br/>I enjoy listening to audible books especially since I have been ill and it is difficult. to hold a book for any length of time.
 This book was absolutely wonderful!!!  Full of surprises and suspense!!!  I couldn't wait to download book #2 as soon as I was done!!!
 Characters were believable and described well. Family relationships had depth. It was helpful to understand what drove the characters to their choices.
 This was my first of Scott Pratt's books and he sure is a skilful storyteller. Loved this legal thriller, the characters and the many twists and turns made for a great vacation reading - definitely recommended!
 Twists and turns and good dialogue with heartfelt emotional events and good characterizations.  Looking forward to #2 in his series.  Loved it!
 Good pace and enjoyable read. The character development and weaving in of different story lines was artfully done. I will read more works by this author.
 Quite enjoyed this book &amp; will probably read more of the series. Some interesting  characters &amp; a good plot.
 Enjoyed this book. A little slow and didn't care for the criminal investigator but did get to the point I couldn't turn the pages fast enough. Lots of interesting characters and twists and turns. Will definitely read another Joe Dillard book.
 Storyline was engaging and ending was quite a surprise. Enjoyed the way he spun the story. Couldn't put the book down.
 I loved it and now I am reading Judgement Cometh.  I hope we see more of the Joe Dillard Series soon.
 Grisham's got nothing on Scott Pratt. I have another favorite author.  If you enjoy legal suspense you will love this book.
 The author did an excellent job of keeping the reader compelled throughout the entirety of the book. Legal thrillers are especially difficult to differentiate because there are so many out there. The ending took me completely by surprise and I'm sure it did for many others as well. I look forward to reading more Joe Dillard books.
 Pratt takes the murder mystery genre to another level.  He thinks outside of the box with his characters and plot.  If you have ever lived in the South or a small town this book is for you
 Well written court room drama make you question how often the<br/>Justice system is truly just.  Characters were true to life complex struggles and the effect these challenges have through out one's  life.  Justice comes in surprising ways.  Once you start reading you won't want to stop.
 This is not the first book I have read by Scott Pratt.  I must say that An Innocent Client was masterful, all the way up to the end.  Without a doubt, I will continue to read each and every book of his for the ultimate pleasure of experiencing his storylines - Joe Dillard.
 I highly recommend the series.  Each story was very good and well done.
 Joe Dillard is nice man who wants to do good, even though his clients are bad, well some of them, anyway. Fun read.
 This review is about Scott Pratt’s Joe Dillard series, or at least the first 4 that I have read. It is a terrific series, right up there with the Jessie Stone (William Parker), Harry Bosch (Michael Connelly) and Joe Picket (C. J. Box). If you like lawyer/courtroom or police procedurals or regular guy heroics or the twists and turns of a good mystery, then you’ll like Scott Pratt’s Joe Dillard series. He’s got it all. The writing is really good. It moves at a good pace (as Elmore Leonard advised in his list of how to write a good book) leaving out the stuff readers tend to skip over. I live in Tennessee as the main character Joe Dillard does and there is no false note in the characters or the dialogue. As sparse as the writing is, there is plenty of character development and credibility as to the legal system and investigation techniques. Believability is 100%. My only advice is to kill off the sister Sarah. Like with a alcoholic uncle, I’d participate in an intervention once, twice or even maybe three times and after that, the hell with him. Even Michael Connelly killed off Bosch’s ex-wife. Jessie Stone has quit dragging around thoughts of his ex-wife. But hey, that’s no deal breaker. We all have our cross to bear and Joe Dillard has his sister… plus the other usual accumulated baggage that makes him a believable human worth taking a journey with on the pages of a book.
 Good read, not great but entertaining. Enough mystery and twists to keep your attention. Wasn’t one of those books you can’t put down but one you were willing to return to.
 I found it held me from the start and he is great with legal issues. Small town crime is so fun as he tells it. There is heart and strength in Joe. I will read more.
 Joe Dillard is now a new favorite for me.  The story was fast pace and the outcome unexpected.  I couldn't put it down.<br/>I've long been a fan of John Grisham, this reminded me of his early good writing.  I''m excited to read the series.
 I love the way Scott Pratt writes.  He tells a clear, easy to follow story.  I also love trials and lawyers, etc.  This book had it all, the main character, Joe Dillard, is easy to like.  I plan on reading more books by this author.
 This was a story that was hard to put down.  I loved the characters, the  lawyer with a real sense of doing the right thing, the defendant who you felt sorry for.  Great story with a twist you didn't see coming.  I will definitely read more Scott Pratt books.
 The twists and turns drama thrills n chills and laughter too. Couldn't put it down. Best part is I've ordered the whole series.
 How can I put into words how much I enjoyed reading this book. It was Fantastic, Fabulous, Awesome, Great, etc. etc. etc.<br/>The author is a brilliant writer. Easy to read diction, with a continuing very interesting story line, and never repetitious,
 I found a new series! It’s nice to have an intelligent and like able central character!
 This book took me a while to get into it.  But, once I did it proved to be worth my time.  Scott Pratt is a good writer and has a knack for delivering a fast paced heart thumping read.  If you like action and a story that captures your senses you won't be disappointed.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this murder mystery, though some of the characters were a little rough around the edges, it had me rooting for the good guys. Great character development, good story line.
 The surprises in this story, especially the ending, makes this one of the best books I've read in some time. I'm about to download book 2 in the series.
 I  chose  this  rating  because  this  book is that  good;  the  characters are  believable  and deal  with  their  problems  in  a realistic  manner;  Erline  provides  a  wicked  bit  of  humor and a sly craftiness  that  is  delightful,  and  it  all  works out  well  in  the  end!  I look  forward  eagerly  to  reading  all  of  Scott  Pratt's  books!
 This was a thoroughly enjoyable book. Even though it touches on " a wh..e" with a golden heart", you can t help but like the characters.i learned some legal terms that t.v. Doesn't t always get right and it was a quick read. Going to go buy the next one now.
 I read a lot of mysteries/crime books and this is the best I have read all summer.  The characters were extremely interesting
 I enjoy this author.  Enjoyed the book.  I like "lawyer" books, like John Grisham and not Scott Pratt........I love the character Joe Dillard and there is a series of books with him.
 This was a very easy read but it held my attention pretty well. The twists &amp; turns were believable &amp; fairly creative although the whole story wasn't very deep or thoughtful. But I did enjoy the book as a good detective story.
 J:  I just loved it!  I don't usually like books about court cases, but this author has it down to a science.  So much suspense, twists and turns, delicious!  On to book 2.
 Enjoed this book.  The ending was a surprise.  I would have liked to have it gone on to destroy the prosecuting attorney but the biased judge as well.
 This is my first time reading a book by this author but it won't be my last. It kept me intertained and in suspence all the way through.
 I enjoyed the interesting twists and getting to know Joe Dillard.  I look forward to reading the next book in the Joe Dillard series.  I would recommend this book for those who enjoy legal genre.
 This book is full of colorful characters who you will like as soon as you meet them. There is enough action and unpredictable surprises to keep you guessing until the end. Enjoy!
 I really enjoyed this book. It is my first time reading this author and I am looking<br/>forward to this series.
 A quick read with a character who has his own problems but manages to overcome them.  Joe Dillard is to defense attorneys as Harry Bosch is to police detectives.
 Scott involves you right from the start. He makes the people real. You care about what happens to them. There's even a couple of surprises included.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. The story was great and the characters were smart and engaging. Can't wait for the next one.
 I love a good mystery and  this truly was a good one. The characters were  fascinating especially the lawyer and the "Madame".  I had a mixture of emotions while reading this story from laughter to sadness. The book explored the terrible affects of rape  and the lasting nightmares endured.
 I bought this book a few weeks ago and was hooked on Dillard and Pratt. I read all eight books and all were excellent. I highly recommend Scott Pratt.
 This is the first book I've read by Scott Pratt, but it won't be the last.  Joe Dillard is a great character.  A good guy with a few flaws, making him relateable.  And I loved the twist near the end.  Did not see that coming!
 This had a good storyline, interesting characters, and I think I enjoyed it more than any of the recent Grisham books!
 I saw this book on book bub for not much money and it sounded interesting so I bought it. It was any entertaining and easy read. I enjoyed the twists and surprising turn. Going to read another of his books. Just have to decide which one.
 One of the best stories I’ve read in the past 5 years. And I read them all - Paterson, Grisham, and Balducci!<br/><br/>Richly developed characters. Great storyteller. Sure hope this is a series.
 Fun characters, especially the dog...some fun twists in the everything-and-the -kitchen-sink plotting...not going to appear on any critic's list of "great literature" but I enjoyed the time I spent with Mr. Dillard and most importantly, I'm ready to buy the next book in the series and hope it will not be a formulaic repeat of the first, in which case, "Yea!"
 So I was held interested in what felt like  easy plot<br/>In the end it was surprising, funny,and unexpected showing a lot of talent by the author.<br/>Enjoy
 Story rolls along at a quick pace.  Hero is someone reader can relate with and supporting cast was believable for the most part.  Hard to believe TBI would condone Landers though.
 I enjoyed this very much and could not put it down. Sneaking it out at work under the guise of checking email and staying up late to read a little more. I have the next in the series and am glad there are quite a few.
 I love lawyer books! This lawyer is one of the good guys. It's great to read about internal struggles lawyers have to go through over the guilt or innocence of their clients. I'll be reading more by this author
 The characters were interesting enough and the story line had a few twist that were a bit predictable that said it was a quick entertaining read
 This is the second time I have read a Scott Pray book and it was hard to put down. The plot is always keeping on edge of your seat.
 Very ordinary writing, full of mistakes, grammatical errors and childish dialogue. A disappointing purchase. Reads like a self published book that had no editor to polish the writing.
 Scott Pratt has it all; great character development, an in-depth in knowledge of the legal system, descriptive prose and a knack for making us know the real person behind each character.
 Great story and written in a great way. Truly enjoyed the day to day activities that were explained clearly. Exciting trial and wrap up.
 I can usually take or leave legal thrillers, but I truly enjoyed this one.  Strong writing style, engaging plot development, believable characters, and graceful prose.  This book flowed and was told by a pro.  I'll definitely read a few more of this series.  Strong recommendation.
 A very good read  Looking forward to reading the entire series.
 Very insightful. Many lawyers are caught cin the rat race and end up disillusioned by the profession. All is well that ends well. I will read more from this author.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book, hated to put it down, read it on 2 nights, can’t wait for the next one.
 II liked the characters - It made me think of the early books with Grisham - The story was good but got weaker as the book progressed but all in all it was a nice read
 I had never heard of Scott Pratt, or Joe Dillard before downloading this book.  Boy, was I surprised!  Before I got halfway through the book, I went back and downloaded the entire series - and read it all within two weeks. I loved all six books.  Yes, it's a bit far-fetched in places, but I read for entertainment, and have been thoroughly entertained. I have recommended this series to just about everyone I have come in contact with, and will continue to do so every chance I get.  Great job, Scott!
 Quick paced, interesting characters and a great story line. Definitely held my interest. I'm looking forward to reading another book by this author
 What a wonderful story. I couldn't wait to get to the end.  I am looking forward  to reading another novel by this author.
 Very enjoyable.  Great interesting plot, and I liked the main character Joe Dillard.  The  characters were well developed throughout the book.
 I was skeptical that Scott Pratt's An Innocent Client could measure up to the likes of Grisham and Connelly.  Boy was I wrong.  A great read and worthy of the best from the giants of legal thrillers genre.  Can't wait to read Joe Dillard Book 2.
 I picked up this book and couldn't put it down.  I could visualize each character in my head and there was just enough detail without being boring.  This is my first book by this Author and will not be my last; I'm getting to read to purchase Joe Dillard Series #2.
 Well written. Liked the author’s style of writing. Interesting til the end.  A predictable story was surprisingly unpredictable in more ways than one.
 Not a literary wonder but I learned something new about the legal system, fell into the trap and didn't mind.  A fun read!
 Just finished this on vacay in Tulum.  Smart, strategic, drama book that is perfect for mind candy on vacation.  Many twists and turns.  The main character is very likeable.  I will buy more of this series.
 If you are a law &amp; order suspense lover this guys is definitely for you, Loved the characters and his story telling. Finished book 1 and went on to all the others.
 Joe Dillard is a reluctant defender of “mostly” guilty defendants. The characters are well thought out with very real personalities. Just got book number two - can’t wait!!!
 This is a very different kind of murder/ trial novel.  I surely enjoyed the attorney, and his wife.  Also his druggie sister.<br/><br/>In the end lots of confessions of the heart.
 Very interesting series. I've read them all and it seems like there is no way to get out of the trouble but someway it works
 Excellent! I loved it and could not stop reading. Very real characters and situations. I am going to read the next novel to see how the career of this attorney continues.
 Excellent book, just ordered 2-7.
 I really enjoyed this book and didn’t know there were more until I reached the end. I couldn’t put it down and am excited to try the next in the series.
 hot damn this is a good tale. it is in fact much better than good. I<br/>I rolled the characters a plot around in my head a long time just savoring it like a good meal.
 This book had some interesting moments but really not enough for me to agree to classify it as a "thriller." In fact it was a little monotonous in the respect that there was a lot of descriptive writing about sex, prostitutes, and philandering. And the sexual descriptives are not confined to the young lady, who works in a strip joint. Just about every chapter, it seemed, contained sexual activity, or stories of it, from or about various characters. I'm no prude but this was waaayyy over the top!<br/><br/>I also caught an error that, had the book been edited or proofread, would have also been caught. Again, the theme was sex. It went something like... "He undressed standing before her naked...." Then, after the sexual encounter, "He shed the remainder of his clothes." Which is it? Not that I care, mind you.<br/><br/>Not recommended and I don't think I'll be looking for any more Joe Dillard books.
 I love a good legal thriller and this book didn't disappoint. I stayed up late to finish it and then went and purchased the 2nd book in the series. Joe Dillard is a great character. He's not some perfect, good looking lawyer who wins at everything. He's human and flawed and you can relate him. I can see myself reading all the books in this series.
 A fun read. Not at all what I expected. From Mystery and courtroom drama wrapped up into one book. I've already ordered the next in the Joe Dillard series
 Joe Dillard is a very likeable character.  The plot was interesting and it moved along smoothly.  I was never bored as I sometimes am when a writer deviates from the characters with too much ancillary descriptions of landscapes and such.  For the first look at Joe I felt I really got to know him and wanted to know more. I look at reading the next book in the series.
 Sometimes you read a book and think "I could have written that."  This is one of those books.  Sophmoric, one dimensional characters, predictable.  I could almost hear the organ music in the background.
 I couldn't put this book down!  It was well written with believable characters and a compelling plot.  Joe Dillard is a sensitive real character who artfully defends his client amid twists and turns, personal issues and family secrets.  I will be looking into the rest of the series.
 I really enjoyed this one. All of the characters are interesting and at least mostly believable. Joe Dillard is a great protagonist with enough back story to give him depth and make the reader root for him. I'll most likely be reading further into the series when I feel like a good legal thriller.
 I thought this was well written and exciting, with many good character details.
 I enjoyed reading this book about a trial lawyer who has to represent bad people.  It shows how the judicial system can be manipulated.  Highly recommend this book
 Loved this book. Living in Northeast  Tennessee I can relate to the description of the territory.  So well describes the people that I can see them and hear the different voices and the way each person speaks.  Good story very captivating and so suspenseful. Would recommend to anyone that likes criminal law.
 Most of the characters are developed enough to maintain interest in the story line. Flashbacks help in this development. The story line was a little unusual, but not out of the realm of reality.  This novel is the first for this character series, Joe Dillard.  It was good enough for me to continue reading the series.
 This is the second book by this author I've read,I was not  disappointed. Didn't get much  done  I couldn't put it down. Looking forward to another book by this author.
 Scott Pratt creates a truly likable cast of characters and does a masterful job dancing on the line between serious and humorous all the way to the end. Sensible, funny, and a thoroughly enjoyable read.
 I liked everything about it. The characters, the plot, the courtroom cat and mouse. Really an enjoyable read. Couldn't put it down...had to just to recharge the Kindle so I could finish it. Now for the next one. Yay!
 Will definitely be reading more of his books.. Great twists &amp; turns with humor a plus! Finally a new author for my enjoyment!
 This is a great story of the happenings in the not so normal legal system of the South. The reader meets many characters, both within the legal system and out in the general populace that are easy to identify in everyday life. The writer does a great job keeping the readers attention with just the right amount of “who done it” and levity.
 An entertaining novel that kept me turning the page to see what happens next. Colorful characters and a main actor who has me laughing one minute and feeling sorry for him the next. A read in the style of John Grisham, with a little more small town thrown in.
 I enjoyed this book. A very good story with well developed characters. A bit crude but to be expected considering the storyline.  I only gave it four stars because I thought it was a bit wordy and the story could have moved a bit faster.
 A good ending.<br/>Characters are interesting.<br/>A short read for crime novel fans. Joe's wife is a little too perfect for him.
 I have been looking for a new author and character to follow. I stumbled on Pratt and am thrilled. The book is exciting, funny, suspenseful and easy to read! I could not put it down. I cant wait to start book 2 in the series!
 This book was very good. It kept me interested from beginning to end.
 Not bad for a first in series, as well as (I think) a first published novel.  The author included a number of long digressions giving the back story on major protagonists - more overly detailed pictures than quick, skillful sketches - rather than weave that history into the narrative and dialog.  I chalk that off to inexperience.  At least I liked it enough to plan on reading the next couple of books in the series... see how the author progresses.
 Scott Pratt grabbed my attention and never let go. Well executed drama, inside the courtroom and out.
 A great read!!! I heard about this author and this series and it turned out to be a great adventure.
 This was a good book with lots of twists and turns. It keeps you guessing and turning pages!
 OMG!!!  I have a new author  up there with Childs, Baldacci and a few of o t hers.  I could not put this book down,in fact stayed up way late to finish it. Twists, turns and strong main characters made this a great entertaining read...gotta go find more by SCOTT PRATT!
 Haven't finished audio book. Very slow moving. Does not draw reader into story
 A good tale even if some of the characters were not fully developed, however, the main character was someone you could identify with even if he did some stupid things, but who doesn't?  Most of the secondary characters were left as shadowy figures of little interest.  I will probably follow Scott Pratt to see what his future books offer.
 Enjoyed the book.  I always like good trial books.  Really got into the main characters thoughts and challenges. Nice twist at the end to change what seemed to be obvious to something totally different.
 This was my first "Scott Pratt" experience, and definitely not my last one. As a matter of fact, I'm reading book 2 at the moment.
 This book had me turning the pages like a mad woman to get to the end. It is well written with characters I wanted to get to know better, and or detest. I actually bought the whole series of seven and I'm glad I did as I really enjoyed reading this book. It was refreshing read, it wasn't overkill in sex and I  didn't feel the ego of the writer in the main character Joe. Nice flow.
 Best story I've reagd this year.  Great job of weaving and twisting, the hero is real and it doesn't have needless sex scenes for entertainment
 I like the main character Joe Dillard.  I like that he is not a perfect man.  He has his demons works through his problems.  Like his loving wife.  The plot was good.  Am reading book number 2 now.  I think you would enjoy if you like legal/murder mysteries.
 First book I've read of Scott Pratt.  Fun read and looking forward to the rest of the Dillard series on Amazon.
 I rarely read crime novels but this one just changed my mind. Engrossing, fast paced with an unexpected twist made for an enjoyable read. I'll read more....
 I enjoyed this read.  Joe Dillard is a defense attorney, but an honest one.  No foul language or explicit sex scenes. I can't wait to read the next one.
 The dialogue is well written and free flowing.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  The characters were believable and well developed.  Highly recommend!
 If you like Grisham, you'll like Mr. Pratt's books too.  I'm on his 2nd book in the series and it's hard to put down!
 This book is a no-brain way to pass a couple of hours in a waiting room. Don't expect to have to concentrate. The ending is lame.
 Enjoyable book, good storyline. You cant help but like and admire Joe Dillard and his family. I'm looking forward to Book 2!
 Very interesting book.  First time reading a Scott Pratt novel and I enjoyed it.  The plot kept my attention and the twists were an interesting perspective on the law.  May look for more Joe Dillard novels.
 I've been in grad school and not reading anything for fun in a couple of years. This was a good one to start back with. Likable characters, believable plot...nice pace.<br/>I'd recommend it.
 Detective Joe Dillard battles with a corrupt legal system,  guilty clients,  and his own personal demons in this murder mystery set in Johnson city Tennessee.  Unlike many such detectives he loving family had his back as he finds out the truth behind his first case in this fun series.
 This was a fun, easy read and I am reading the rest of the series as quickly as I can.  Good stories that keep moving with great, reappearing characters.  The lead character come across as someone you would want to know.  He is not preachy or sanctimonious, just a very real character with flaws who can, and does, make mistakes. I hope Scott Pratt keeps writing.
 Pratt has created a believable character in Joe Dillard. Enjoyed Book One so much, I am already on Book Three.
 I really think this was more for male readers than female.  Interesting but a little vulgar for myself.  The ending was interesting though.  I do have one more of his books to read.
 Fast paced, entertaining story. Liked the main character and challenges he faced. A lot happened and a lot of background in short order.
 I rarely  pick a book that features a lawyer.  The mechanics  of  gathering legalize  with a trial frequently bore me.  This story had many realistic well developed characters.  The twists were believable and the story of the pain of living made this an excellent read.
 Interesting; makes you think about what it would be like to have to defend someone who was guilty. Easy to read; decent ending.
 Read this series... really great.<br/>Not too much court room tricks but a great story.
 Enough twists and turns to keep you guessing and reading for more. Great ending. Found me a new author. Can't wait for book 2 in the series.
 Interesting plot, decent character development, but it read like a first novel. Not as sophisticated as John Grisham, but it's okay.  I finished the book over the course of 4 days. Good enough to make me go ahead to the next book in the series.  We'll see if improves from here.
 Really enjoyed this book. Clever writing and plot.  It left me eager to continue reading this series.  Second book downloading as I write this!
 I loved this book. Great writing, terrific story line.  I live in the area in which the story takes place which makes it an even better read. I am looking forward to reading the other books in the series.
 I actually bought this book by mistake!  But I am always interested in new authors so read it, having no idea what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised. It is well written, picks up speed as it goes along and ends so that you want to read the next one. And the next one. And the next one.
 I love a good crime novel.  This one is really good and held my interest with Joe Dillard as the main character.  He's all the things you'd expect, with a few flaws thrown in to make him real.
 This was a really good book with a well thought out plot and believable, likeable characters. It was the first book I have read by this writer and I will be looking for more of his books.
 This book was well written and it keeps your interest all the way to the end. Little too much about sex in this book but going to stArt the second book in this series. Hoping there is less of that in the next book. Just think having a lot of that is very unnecessary.
 Don't usually write a review but this is one I had to do.  Love to read and found this book fast well written and easy to follow the characters  Am already lining up tp purchase other Scott Prat books.  He is definitely on my list of favorite authors.
 I read the book while riding my exercycle  I found it an engaging read.  Liked the characters.  Liked the story.  It made exercising easier which is what I hope for.
 I would definitely have my book club friends read this. It makes for great confortation and communication. Loved the characters.
 While this book is a lot more graphic than I like, the characters are so cleverly and fully developed and the plot has so many twists and turns, I couldn't put it down.
 I was searching for a new author and came upon the Joe Dillard Series! Could not put it down. Being a fan of a very well known author, I hesitated to try something new but was not disappointed. Now onto the next Joe Dillard case.
 Scott Pratt's Joe Dillard is quite the attorney!! This is an excellent mystery and delve into the justice system. The different personalities and the way they play off each other is skillfully written. I applaud this talented author on his writing style and proper use of the English language and its punctuation. You can't beat class! This is extremely interesting and a smooth read. I highly recommend it.
 I have read all of the books in this series and have loved every single one! Highly recommend this author!!!
 Twists and turns.... suspense.... nothing in gory detail!
 This book held my interest &amp; had me guessing what would happen next. I liked Joe &amp; the author's portrayal of him having his own deep dark family secrets &amp; how he was able to work through them...once he let go &amp; released what was holding him down for so long. The plot held my interest &amp; loved the twists.
 For a first novel, it was darn good.  It held my attention very well and he was able to weave the characters into a spellbinding tale.  Enjoyes it!
 I like Scott Pratt's writing style. Detailed enough show plausible legal issues and the personal conflicts faced by trying to do a good job.<br/><br/>I am going to download Book 2, to see where we go next.
 This was an enjoyable read, good for a train commute.  Will definitely read the rest in the series.  Likable characters.
 This book and author will be right up your alley. The characters are well developed and easy to like, or hate, the plot is solid and unpredictable, and the pace makes you want to keep reading.
 Love the Dillard series and enjoyed  this twisty tale more than mozt.
 It’s as fun a read as you’ll find, full of twists and turns, fine dialogue and a satisfying finale.  What more could a jaded reader ask?
 Easy and enjoyable read. Great character development that really drew me into the story. I could truly empathize with Joe Dillard, Erlene Barlowe and Caroline Dillard. Great twists and turns to the very end.
 I was at a book event and Victoria Christopher Murray wuss discussing how she and Mr Pratt had discussed how to get there books distributed.  I looked him up.<br/><br/>Loved this book, it kept you guessing.  I will finish the series.
 If you enjoy Scott Turow and John Grisham, you will be very happy with Scott Pratt.  Twists and turns with every chapter.  Looking forward to reading book 2 in series.  Characters are well defined.  Plot is realistic and fast moving.  You will be hooked from the first page.
 Nice plot never quite sure where it was going. So it kept me interested.Liked the characters. I would recommend the book to one and all.
 I just started reading the Joe Dillard series and continue to read the rest of the books. They are fast paced and the tension is  palpable. Love this series.
 Excellent character development and descriptions. Moves pretty quickly. If you like crime and legal dramas, you'll like this. Really good book.
 I just finished the first 5 books and have ordered the next four. These stories move like a force of nature and thrust humanity's uncommon and common together in the process. There is none of the Grisham social issues preening. And Joe Dillard may have chinks in his armor but not in his heart. This is a new favorite series of mine.
 Great storyline, easy reading  and interesting characters.  I especially enjoyed reading Scott's book because there was no graphic language.  I am ready to read the other books I purchased by Scott Prattt that I ordered for my Kindle.
 If you like John Grisham you will enjoy reading the books in this series.
 Great book, Easy 5 star rating and I rarely rate any book. I think Scott Pratt is really John Grisham. If he is not I hope he is as prolific as John Grisham because I can't wait to read his next book. Thank you Scott. It was a really enjoyable book to read.
 My first book by this author but definitely won't be my last.  He weaves the story very well.  Yes, you could guess who dunnit but the twist at the end was great.
 This book has interesting, flawed characters and an entertaining plot. I love the region n which it's set. Give it a try!
 I have read this entire series in about 2 weeks. Each book grabs you at the beginning and you do not want to put it down.
 I enjoyed this book tremendously.  I liked the pace of the book and how colorful the characters were portrayed.  His book was both heart wrenching and humorous.  I would definitely recommend it to my friends.
 Loved all of the books in this series... very readable . loved the characters and was sad when i was finished the series
 Loved the grey characters and the well-paced writing kept me engrossed. Loved that it showed how justice is not what the courts give but what the preacher gets for his hypocritical ways!
 As good as any legal thriller I've ever read. Masterful storytelling in crisp, powerful prose. Everything you could want in a novel, and one you had better not start if you need to get to bed on time. The characters take on depth with their actions and dialogue, and as you tear through the plot twists you realize how well you've come to know them, almost by accident. By the end you'll want to invite Joe Dillard for dinner.
 Well not his first but first in a series.  Entertaining and fast moving. A quick fun read. I recommend it.
 Characters are interesting and easy to follow. Multiple plots with good story line; easy to follow but still surprising. Very good read. Would recommend.
 Really enjoyed reading this book, and one of the reasons is probably because the story is so believable!<br/>This is the first book of Scott Pratt’s that I’ve read, and it definitely won’t be the last!
 Very well told story. Good character background without bogging down in it. I enjoyed it and look forward to reading more by this author.
 Initially slow moving but I guess that was necessary to introduce all of the characters. Better paced in the final third of the story.
 Good story but characters were a bit shallow a better writer would have a lot of depth to add. Ending was smart so I’ll read another in series
 Highly recommend !! Just can't put it down . just an awesome book . Second time , just as enjoyable .
 Easy reading, enjoyable.  Kept my interest. I liked Joe and his family. The story is believable, has some twists that work, and engaging characters. Recommend to those who want an easy read.
 I would recommend that you sit down and get real comfortable because this is a captivating<br/>Read.<br/>LOVE JOE DILLARD
 Fast paced, kept me very interested.  Joe Dillard is a criminal attorney who wants out of the business. He takes one last case for a quarter of a million dollars to defend a young waitress accused of first degree murder.  The cast of characters are great and the ending is a twist.
 This thriller was delicious! Now I'm going to order book #2 and #3 until I read all of Mr. Pratt's books. Thanks Mr. Pratt for this very refreshing story.
 I randomly picked this book to read and I am so glad I did.  I have now read 4 of the Joe Dillard stories and can't wait to start the 5th.  The books are well written and gripping without being predictable.  I am a total fan--read an Innocent Client, you will be hooked.
 I really enjoyed this book and am now reading the entire series.  Scott writes in a way that really holds your interest and keeps you guessing about what is going to happen next.  My new favorite author!
 Pratt weaves his characters tales together, even though they appear unrelated. This is a fast and fun read, especially for those who have a bit extra legal training.
 Good Book.  This author is new to me so it takes me awhile to get used to a style.<br/>I will read another of this series.
 Really like the book. Very interesting how things can be twisted around. Interesting how people can be crooked. Judges, lawyers and police.
 If you like legal books this one is  worth reading . The author does a great job developing the characters.
 Joe is a great character and the storyline is fast paced and intriguing- once I got into this book, I couldn't put it down!
 Reads like early John Grisham.  I really enjoyed this book and ordered the next 5 in the series.  If you like a good lawyer, fast read...this book is for you.
 First book I read by author Scott Pratt. Enjoyed the book a lot and look forward to book#2 in the series.
 If you are a fan of Scott you'll love this book, follows his usual formula but you still wonder who, what, why the ending
 Slow start in gaining interest in this book, but came to like it very much.  The surprising outcome was very surprising.
 This read has lots of instances of persons being the dog or the fire hydrant. The ending has a twist that mystery readers will love!
 Just when you think the story has ended it takes another turn, another twist until  suddenly you run smack into a surprise ending.  I love reading about this beautiful eastern Tennessee countryside.
 Great legal drama that has many twists and turns. You never know who is innocent till the bitter end and beginning of next trial.
 Complex psychological and personal situations that intertwine with levity and humor. Worth the read! Keeps up the suspense of who done it.
 This was a great read that I just finished. Certainly will be reading more Joe Dillard.
 I just could not put this book down!  Definitely be reading more books by this author.  Written well.  Kept my undivided interest throughout.
 It took a little time to build a plot, but then it was full on.  I could not put it down then.  Like all great books it had a great twist at the end.  Get it.  You will love it.
 This book starts as pretty much "another lawyer and client" story but as it unfolds it becomes more and more captivating. The theme of childhood abuse becomes a persuasive theme woven through the story. The twists keep one on ones toes - nothing is obvious.
 There is something wonderful about the way this author writes. His own story is intertwined with the storyline of his book.s. I enjoyed it so much that I read his entire series back to back. Now I am patiently waiting for the next one. And wishing him well.
 Great characters, very real and easy on the imagination.  I liked the story, with its plot twists and has a great ending.
 The characters were brought to life. I loved the good guy and hated the bad guys!  I’ve read better but this was not bad. Not bad at all.
 I was recently guided to this series by Amazon recommendations. This is an excellent book. I typically read the following for pleasure, Daniel Silva, Brad Thor, Tom Clancy, John Grisham. This series (Joe Dillard) stands up to the best from these authors. I look forward to reading the remaining books in the series (I'm through the 1st 3). Outstanding series.
 This is a well written intriguing story. It had suspense, action and humor. And none of his last 2 clients were innocent.
 Thoroughly enjoyed every minute of this book. Characters were developed to such a degree that I could picture them and bond with them. Many twists and turns.
 I enjoyed the book and can recommend this to read.  Not the very best but plenty going on to stay engaged .  I'm going to buy book two and see where this goes.
 I started reading the series (I have now read 7 of the 8 as my wife and I had visited Jonesboro last summer and we were familiar with the area. Have thoroughly enjoyed each book and feel some areas might be based on authors personal experiences.
 I very rarely give 5 stars but had to after finishing this book.  I found the main characters people I would love to know, learned to care about them, and the ending was NOT expected.  The book was so good I actually bought the rest of the series when done.  I cannot wait for the next book to come out.
 It's been a while, but Scott Pratt is a real find! As soon as I was captivated by one character's point of view, he switched gears and enthralled me with another's. No time to lose interest.
 Great story about a defense lawyer who is fed up defending really bad people but also tired of the system and uses all hes skills to get his clients a fair deal.
 The book was an entertaining light read.  It had a nice twist and an ending that can only make you smile.
 My first book by Scott Pratt and it was amazing. He wrote a great story that was hard to put down, can’t wait to read more
 This one of the best written books I've read in a while. Excellent, believable storyline. No extraneous details. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this book. I'm on to his next with high hopes.
 An Innocent Client is a fast-paced legal thriller. Joe Dillard is a criminal defense attorney who's grown tired of defending guilty clients. He longs for the chance to defend someone who he actually believes is innocent. Joe Dillard is a very likable character who's honest, hard-working, and loves his family. The story grabbed my attention from the first chapter and kept it until the very end. I highly recommend it.
 This is the first book I have read from this author,  enjoyed the first book in this series so much I just purchased the 2nd one! Very entertaining read
 It was an easy entertaining reading, good plot, and real characters. A not put down book. I love author Scott Pratt
 Interesting story with well developed characters and not predictable ending. It's a little challenging until you get to know the characters since each chapter starts out with first person narrative from the different people. But I'd definitely read more of this writer and think this story would make a great movie as well.
 I usually don’t enjoy self published books, but to my surprise I thoroughly enjoyed this read.  Easy read worth your time.
 Good book not the best but a good read. Not one if those I can't put it down Book. Going to read the second in the Joe Dillard series. Will see if that is worth 5 stars?
 I read a lot of mysteries. Too many of them, it seems, have flaws in their story line and I find myself looking for more mistakes. Many have weak, unrealistic, miracle endings. Not so in this well told story. Couldn't put it down. Loved every minute of it.
 This book had lots of good stories within it. I liked how it switched from one person to the next in telling their own story! It also made me realize that the legal system does have flaws and how defense lawyers have the sh**** end of the stick at times! It was a good book and I can not wait to read the rest!
 Loved this book! This is the first in a series and I may be late to the party but you can bet I am going to read every one of them! Joe Dillard is a criminal defense attorney who is just tired of defending guilty people. His one wish before he moves on to another chapter in his life is to defend an innocent person. When he hears about the murder of a preacher visiting the area, and the circumstances surrounding the accused he thinks he may have just found that one client. I was instantly taken in by the well developed characters. Joe has a family he loves and is devoted to. The accused is a shy and soft spoken...stripper. And her employer....well I believe she was the most colorful character! I laughed so many times at the humor in this book. There is a lot going on but you can easily keep it all straight in this very well written debut. Lots of drama and a surprise ending kept me interested through the whole book. Looking forward to the rest of this series!
 This was a very good read I could hardly put the book down very good storylines and I like the way it ended
 Problems reading for awhile, putting down and picking up the story line where I paused.  Congrats to the author I'm ready to read more about Joe Dillard.
 Enjoyed very much. Had never read Scott Pratt before and decided to give him a shot. Price was 'more' than right.  Story moved along at a nice pace. Well-drawn characters. Good story. Will be reading more from him. Definitely would recommend.
 Riveting book.  This is the second book I've read of Scott Pratt's and both were so good I couldn't put them down.  I definitely plan to read more of this author's books.
 I'm kind of a literature snob, so I couldn't give it a four, but it is a pretty good read.  It kept me interested, and I like the Joe character.  Actually, I like the character so much I'm going to give book 2 in the series a read.
 Excellent!  And; I'll swan, he has the lingo down pat!  I'm gonna read them all!  My husband is a writer and a lawyer in Knoxville.  I know of what I speak
 Very interesting and loved every minute of it.  Am anxious to read the whole series.  Tremendous author.
 I read this book in two days! It kept my attention and had me guessing the outcome until the very last page. The storyline was awesome and the characters were easy to identify with because they were real. I'm looking forward to reading all of Scott Pratt's books! I found a new favorite author and Mr Pratt has himself another fan!
 Interesting characters and a well developed story line kept me turning pages.  I've just ordered the second book. Looking forward to getting to know the characters better.
 A real page turner from beginning to end.  The book was written in the same comfortable style Grisham has with his characters and you really end up liking Joe Dillard-a lot.  I hated to see it end.<br/><br/>I immediately recommended it to my husband and am starting book #2!
 Easy Reading with lots of twists and turns. It is Really enjoyable story with a really different ending to it...
 This author is the best ever!!! I could not put down his book(s). I'm now on the second of the series (Joe Dillard) and am savoring every bit of it as I'm sure I will be the remainder of the series! Real page-turners, to say the least and he really develops his characters beautifully which also holds my interest!!!
 I read this book straight through in 12 hours while snowed in. I was spellbound! The description of characters &amp; locales was pitch perfect. The plot  was gripping with enough surprises to show  Mr. Pratt has original talent. I thoroughly enjoyed &amp; highly recommend this his first book. I fully intend to read the rest.
 It's been a few years since I've found any books to really peak my interest. This was the first "crime" book I've ever read and I thoroughly enjoyed every moment.
 An Innocent Client by Scott Pratt is a great legal story.  The main character and criminal lawyer, Joe Dillard, is a likable albeit not perfect character whose story rings true.  He has a wife and two kids, a sister who's been in and out of jail because of her drug addiction, and a mom suffering from Alzheimer's disease who is fading quickly.  Dillard is faced with defending some of the greatest low-life's but his hope is that at some point he'll be able to help an innocent client.<br/><br/>Pratt does a great job at weaving a story between Dillard's work and his home life.  Dillard is tenacious in the court room and Pratt is exceptional at bringing those scenes to life.  I enjoyed An Innocent Client so much, that I moved on to Pratt's second novel, In Good Faith.
 Well developed characters and a storyline that moves along. In general I enjoy legal thrillers and this one is sure to please! Definitely recommend!
 This book was a fun read. The characters are true to life and very real.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this book to anyone. For a break from the daily grind pick up a copy and enjoy.
 This book kept me up way past my bedtime. Once I started reading I was hooked. Loved the ending.  Can't wait to read the next book in this series.
 This murder mystery was easy to follow all of the characters and not get lost with who did what.  I did not predict 'who did it', so it was a pleasant surprise.  I'll be reading more of the Joe Dillard series.  Thanks.
 This was my first Scott Pratt book-I thoughrolly enjoyed it. Never guessed the ending. Believable characters; A fun, easy read.
 I was looking for a story that I could finish in a short time but would keep my interest. This was the perfect book....a little suspense, interesting characters, and a twist at the end. Very enjoyable
 The characters are fascinating. True to life. Prosecutors doing all the can to win a case. Defense attorney finding any loophole to help his client. Moral dilemmas abound.
 Great read! I've enjoyed Michael Connelly for years, but I was glad I discovered Scott Pratt! Love the characters and story lines. A definite page turner that holds your interest without too much fluff. I can't wait to read the rest of his books.
 Excellent read. Well paved. Likeable characters.  A book you don't want to put down. Twists and turns that hold your interest
 I was engaged with this story from the beginning and really enjoyed how it ended.  The characters were well defined and easy to visualize in their context. I’d recommend this to those who enjoy a good mystery/ suspense genre.
 I read this book in about two days. It was a great mystery and kept me guessing at the outcome. It had a little bit of a dark side to it- but not so much that it was heavy and depressing; just enough to introduce the character and keep it interesting.
 Scott Pratt is a fascinating writer.  His books are addictive for all who enjoy the "crime genre".  Great characters, settings and plot.  His books keep up the momentum of intensity until the last page.  I would recommend this book to any avid reader of "crime, law, or mystery".  I would give him 5 stars.
 I sent this to a nephew. I read it in Kindle tablet. I enjoyed it.
 this was one of the best books I have read in a long time, it was well written and , thought provoking. I am looking forward to reading book 2. You like the good guys and really hate the bad guys.
 I thought this was a very good read. It was engaging,, suspenseful. and well written. I'm looking forward  to the next book in this series.
 This was the first book I read in this author's repertoireand it was surprisingly good.  I am now reading the 2nd in his series of Joe Dillard novels and am very much enjoying this one as well.  If you like some easy reading, a mystery where you don't need a flow chart to track the characters, etc., this is certainly a good choice.  I highly recommend it.
 Brilliant!  Great characters and research.  I will definitely read more by Scott Pratt and recommend him to all of my friends.
 It reads very well, at times cruel beyond my ability to comprehend, but it was funny as well, funny as in laughing aloud. And the love that shone through helped to get through the difficult passages and descriptions.
 You either loved or hated the characters.  A really easy  read.  I will read all the Joe Dillard series.  This is the kind of book I like to read to put me to sleep at night, and one I can read when I wake up and want to fall back to sleep.  Moves fast with good twists and turns.  This is a fun read!  Keep on writing .
 Just didn't like the misogynistic and overly stereotypical characters.  But the story line was good.
 Wonderful story line, intriguing characters, twists and turns with a marvelous ending- everything a voracious reader needs in a great book! I hope you enjoy this book as much as I did!
 I would recommend this book to anyone interested in a good who dun-nit. I am going to read his next book when available.
 I commend anyone who can tell a story and get published. So, Mr. Pratt gets kudos for the effort. It's the only reason I gave this book 3 stars. The characters, including the lawyer, were ALL despicable.
 1st book I read by this author.  I liked it and could not hardly put it down.  I'll look forward to reading more of his books.
 I read Book 1 of this series after the Darren Street series, and now I'm in Book 8 of the Joe Dillard series, sad to near its last page.  I LOVE this writer!  His character development is super well crafted, where I recognize the characters through their types and actions (some very funny descriptions because they're so right on, you can just see it).  Pratt is witty, very funny at times. His pacing is just perfect, I never found any lagging or at the other end, no skip-overs.  Little mini-cliff hangers throughout kept me looking forward to returning to the story asap.  His story lines are believable and well tied together.  So from a reading standpoint, this has been great.<br/><br/>Otherwise?  You kind of get to know the essence of a writer's personality and perspective as revealed by how a story is told.  I really like Scott Pratt.  A lot.  I like how he's developed as a person.  Obviously a sensitive, insightful individual who's learned how to handle and how to treat strengths and weaknesses that come with being human.  I don't know his backstory but between reveals here and there and his dedications, I sense Caroline has a root in reality, and if that's the case I'm very touched and sad for that.  This is someone who's been through some things in life, complete with the stages that can be described but not really known.  His perspective is much appreciated.<br/><br/>As for authorship development, oh my, this was a delight to see.  From the first book through the 7th, I was able to see refinements in storytelling, particularly the endings.  They just got better and better crafted, book by book.<br/><br/>I'm posting this review on each of the 7 books I've read in this series so far and anticipate wanting to add it to the 8th after I've finished it.  Someone this talented certainly deserves more than one 5-star review stuck somewhere within the series randomly.
 Not a bad yarn for the first book in the series. It’s fairly light, but the story hangs together well and the characters are painted very well.
 Brilliant book,  if you enjoy John Grisham's books  you will thoroughly enjoy An Innocent Client. I can't wait to read more from this author!
 Well written. Fast paced and Hard to put down. I am now a fan of Scott Pratt and will look forward to another riveting book.
 This book had various reactions, funny you laughed hard, cried, and sympathetic.  I enjoyed reading this book you didn’t really know to the end who killed the pastor.  I would say this book kept my attention to the very end.
 Okay, though characters/story line need to be better developed. Not interesting enough for me to want to continue reading this series.
 Wonderful plot, great twists and turns. The action is believable,  not gratuitous. You’ll love the characters. I intend to read them all.
 An Innocent Client was my first Dillard mystery. At first I didn't care for the crude language, but it improved. The story held my interest so it was an easy read.  Looking forward to reading many in the series.
 This was my first Scott Pratt novel . I was a little skeptical about trying a new (to me) author  as I've been a bit disappointed with some  I've tried recently. This was a great read and I enjoyed the legal maneuvering almost more than the solving of the crime. Some very serious and some very humorous moments well woven throughout. If you like Michael Connolly, John Lescroat, etc. I think you are going to enjoy this Joe Dillard series.
 Fast paced plot, well developed characters, fun read. In a class with James Patterson, Tom Clancy only more affordable as an Indie writer. I will commit to read the Joe Dillard series- recommend highly to others. Thank you.
 Great story with very believable characters. Kept my interest from beginning to the end with twists and turns. Will appeal to both women and men.
 Understanding this part of the state's culture, it reads very authentic as well as mysterious.  I eventually found it to be a page turner and looked forward to picking it up again.  I think he draws you into the story from the beginning.  Great development of his characters.
 Fabulous.  Great twists s<br/>And loveable chatact<br/><br/>Fabulous<br/>Love Joe Dillard<br/>Good pacing  .natural dialogue, courtroom drama at its best
 The characters are so well rounded they feel more real than most. The story is compelling, with enough twists to keep the reader guessing.
 As a retired lawyer I often enjoy a good legal thriller.  This book did that and more.  It humanized the main character in a vulnerable and believable way.  I will read more from this author.
 I like murder Mysteries and thought  this  book mighy be good.  It was better thsn good.  The characters  are lively and human, the  plot has more twists than morning hair.  It is a fun read.
 Mystery,  suspense , court room dialogue in a fast-paced but literate narrative.  Just what one needs to curl up with for a couple of evenings.
 It's a book with twists and turns. You think you have it figured out and the story changes. It reminds you of Mason or Matlock.
 I loved this book. Authentic courtroom events and credible plot. I will be reading this author in the future. Even captures the internal frustrations so common with lawyers. Riveting.
 I loved the way the author built the personalities of all the characters.  I really didn't want to put the book down once I'd started reading.  It was the perfect amount of suspense without too much violence or nastiness.
 This was a very good book and I didn't know how it would end until the last.  It was difficult to put the book down and I would have loved to read it straight through.  I couldn't because I had time restraints.  I hadn't read Pratt but I will again!
 I enjoyed the characters, conflicts, and especially surprise ending.  Pratt wrote a very good first effort and I will read more!
 Loved every Scott Pratt book featuring Joe Dillard...he's a fascinating character. Great storyline
 Loved this book!  Fast paced, keeps you guessing and the ending is great.  Looking forward to reading another one of his books.
 For some reason, I just discovered Scott Pratt. Of course, Tennessee is really three states, and Johnson City is a long way from Nashville. Nevertheless, I thoroughly enjoyed <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/An-Innocent-Client-Joe-Dillard-Series-Book-1/dp/B009WQ9YMS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">An Innocent Client (Joe Dillard Series Book 1)</a>, and just now began the second Joe Dillard book, In Good Faith. I frankly find many independently published novels to be poorly written and/or poorly edited. First of all, not one spelling or grammatical error in An Innocent Client. But far beyond that, this guy writes a thrilling story, develops his characters well, and utilizes entertaining plot twists. I can't praise this book highly enough.Scott Pratt is clearly the next John Grisham, maybe better.
 I totally enjoyed this book!  The suspense and drama were enough that I didn't want to put the book down until I had finished it. I would recommend this to all of my book reading friends!
 Love these books,I started with book 1, got to know Joe Dillard and his family, and have continued reading, I'm now on book 7,there are so many interesting twists and story lines and the characters are evolving throughout the series.
 I n interesting.  Not an extreme thriller but follows the law well and has it's points .  I will read more of his books.
 I enjoyed reading this book and the story.
 The twists and turns of this book keep you interested and are unexpected. I read this book in three days and especially liked the ending
 I have read all the Joe Dillard Series and found them to be brilliantly written. Scott Pratt seems to have a good knowledge of the law, although a bit jaded at times, especially with the court systems. He kept me reading one book after the other until I came to the end.
 Interesting characters, suspenseful...I really enjoyed it!  Didn’t want to put it down.  Looking forward to reading more from this author.
 I liked it. I read lots of detective stories, thrillers, etc. what I call "Summer Trash". Most are too long and, for the successful authors, too formulaic. I didn't want to put this down. Simple, but effective. Yes, there were a few typos, etc. distracting, but barely. Enjoy it.
 FAST PACED, TOUGH TO PUT DOWN. I REALLY ENJOY SCOTT PRATT.
 This author reminded me of John Grisham.  This was a fun diversion from literature and non-fiction.  Very easy read with some clever twists.
 I ordered An Innocent Client by reading the reviews since I had never heard of Scott Pratt.  Well.... Since reading his first Joe Dillard book I have since ordered 5 more in the series.  What a great series!  Keep them coming Mr. Pratt.  I enjoyed your River on Fire book also.
 A clever and entertaining book with a delightful cast of characters.....fast-paced with an "edginess" ...good 👍 read ...hope these stories continue
 This a great book!  Very suspenseful and well written.
 Interesting characters, good tension and suspense, makes for an ongoing series around courtroom dramas and mysteries. Not sure if I will read the next in the series, but I enjoyed the first one.
 Great writing and hard to put down. Engaging. Look forward to next book in the series. Glad to have discovered Pratt 's books.
 I can't remember how I found this author, but I am so glad I did. I have read the first 4 in about a week, now I am going to read #s 5,6,7 and 8 +any other books Scott writes.  I can't believe a publisher hasn't picked him up.<br/>I can not put the books down.  I find myself reading constantly, which is not like me, except when I read Agatha Christie.<br/>Thank you Scott.<br/>Benita
 Loved it and have downloaded the whole series!!! Good characters and storyline. Good story teller w twists and turns throughout.
 Another great accomplishment by Pratt. Legal thrillers you can depend on.
 Thoroughly enjoyed reading this book and seeing the characters develop along with the story. Love that I have found an author that I am assured a good read with every book I pick up.
 This was an enjoyable story. It was well written and never slow. I have found many independent publisher books to be poorly proofread. This was not. It was well done. I recommend it.
 I have to admit that I was disappointed when I unknowingly finished reading this book.  I was entertained and enjoyed every page.  Although it I may not be a literary masterpiece, it is certainly an interesting and entertaining.  Scott Pratt is a skilled author.  I am so excited to read Book 2 of the Joe Dillard Series.
 I thought it was an ambitious theme and didn't quite live up to it.
 I really liked this book. A couple met and married and no other person involved, struggles with family, and a really sharp intelligent woman, a madam for all intents and purposes, gave the powers that be a run for their money. A different twist for sure.
 Absolutely love this book, series and author. They are so well written. They capture you. The story lines are so good! Highly recommend.
 Great read with lots of twists.  Very well written, informative without being boring. I also loved the relationship between Joe &amp; his wife.  I'm moving on to the next.
 For an author that I first heard of hear this book is pure genius. There are enough plots and sub plots to make this a must read cover to cover in one sitting. I read it in three. I just bought book 2 in the series and am in anticipation of another can't put it down read. 5 stars are not enough.
 The author keeps the story moving, so the pages keep turning. There always seems to be a new twist or turn developing. It you enjoy legal novels I'm pretty sure you will enjoy this one.
 Once I started reading I could not stop.  A really good book with a surprise ending.  Loved it.  Please read it and you can not go wrong.
 I love this author and the Joe Dillard series .  It's all good !
 Pretty good.  Better than the NYT bestseller that I had read just before this book. Decent plot.  Interesting characters.  Well written.
 On the same level with John Grisham, this was was my first read of this author.  Could not put it down.  If the next novel of his that I read is as good, he's a got an avid supporter and fan!
 good , not a lot of profanity, no discriptive sex, enjoyable book !!!
 It would be okay, although not great, if not for the vulgarity.
 This book was excellent. I couldn’t put it down. I look forward to reading the rest of the series!
 Exciting, frustrating and a fun read.
 If you like twists and you think you can figure any who-done-it, then read this book to the last word. You'll see how good you are.  So worth the read!  Its serious subject will take you to the end where you'll grin from ear-to-ear!
 This novel was quite interesting for me.  It had characters who were defined well, and a good story line.  It was fast paced, which kept my interest.  I recommend this book to all Scott Pratt fans.
 This was a very enjoyable read.  I'm not going to re-tell the whole story which other reviewers often do.  If you like courtroom drama and a story with a lot of twists and turns you should enjoy this book.  This is the first Scott Pratt book that I've read and I will definitely read more of his books.  This story is well-written and delivered, his characters are believable and some are endearing and others repulsive (and justifiably so).<br/>I found a few minor quirks in the story but not enough to really matter.  I agree with another reviewer that the "war torn soldier" premise of Joe Dillard, the lawyer main character, is rather worn out but it doesn't diminish the finer aspects of this story.  I'm looking forward to reading the other works of Scott Pratt.
 Best thing to read on the treadmill.  Actually exercised longer than would have if not for this story. Didn't want to quit exercising until I was done with a chapter
 Fun reading yet somewhat predictable. Ill try him again.  Some likable characters along with. Some awful among the criminals as well as a few mentally unbalanced.
 I enjoyed An Innocent Client and the twist and turns it took. I look forward to reading the next book in this series.
 Loved this book and look forward to reading the next in the series. Scott Pratt is a new author for me so was delighted by how much I loved his writing. Lots going on in the book which kept it a page turner to the end.
 Great story..author created interesting characters. Knew how to keep the readers attention..turned a couple of pages when the dialogue got a little syrupy. But what the heck, ..a little nice never hurts. It was a good read.
 This is a well written book; with plenty of excitement and action.  It also has a few twists and turns in the plot.  I enjoyed this book.
 Excellent Book! I stumbled upon this author looking for a good courtroom drama and I wasn't disappointed. A very well written novel that reminded me of a early John Grisham.
 Wonderful book.  I HIGHLY recommend reading the entire series.
 A really fun read! Looking forward to reading more Joe Dillard mysteries! Scott Pratt is a wonderful writer!
 I purchased this 1st Scott Pratt book on June 10th and now 13 days later I'm reading book 6. These Joe Dillard series books are so entertaining and so well written. The characters are so likeable they became friends I wanted to visit again and again. I will of course buy the remaining 3 available in the series and hope there will be a lot more coming!
 I liked the story, and the characters.  I cared about the protagonist.  There are a few surprises,  along wirh a twist.  I found it to be a quick read.
 I really enjoyed this book!!  It was a good read that kept me interested the whole time.  I would recommend this book and I am going to read more from this author.
 The book was fast moving. The author new how to keep my interest. I would recommend this book to anyone who likes books about murder trials.
 I really loved this book! Loved the story, loved the characters. I'm looking forward to the next Joe Dillard case...
 Joe Dillard is a very likable character with a mixture of goodness and flaws. The story is interesting --it has colorful characters and some good twists. A good read!
 Fantastic. I love this series and I love Joe Dillard and his entire family. Great characters, excellent story.
 I just found this author, Scott Pratt, and I am hooked.  I am already on the third book in the Joe Dillard series and I just ordered book four.  I love this guy!!
 This was my first Scott Pratt book - and it won't be my last! In fact, I'm reading his 2nd Joe Dillard book right now and am loving it as much as the first!
 Good storyline it moved along quickly
 The book is full of hilarious characters. It is a quick read and keeps your interest throughout. I recommend it.
 It is a good read and a fun read.. loved the characters.. but the ending is just fantastic... and yes, he does finally get an innocent client...
 A well-written novel that combines characters you can relate to (some you like, some not so much) with a great legal procedural plot and human distress.  Joe Dillard is a durable character, so I'll probably read more of the series.
 Full of twists, including the ending. Loved the way he built the characters. Fast-paced and hard to put the book down.
 An okay first novel. I would read a second one, hoping for more sophistication as Pratt hopefully improves.
 Interesting &amp; well developed characters.  Found myself truly appreciating lots of the dialogue. Also very amusing &amp; at time touching &amp; heartfelt as well.
 Loved it suspensful
 Great story! Moves along at a great pace.
 Good book and quick read. I enjoyed the characters . A murder mystery without blood and gore. Would recommend to others.
 Very likable main character.  Enjoyed his inner turmoil and demons coming out (at the right times).  Satisfying ending.  I highly recommend this book.
 I'm a John Grisham fan, and I like Scott Pratt's writing just as much.  This book moved along nicely and kept my interest for long read times.
 So well written that the ugly reality of rape and murder remained in the background.  The threads of the plot tied so tightly that I even chuckled at the end.  Can't wait to read his other books.
 The plot was imaginative and eventful. The characters were rather unbelievable, particularly the owner of the strip club - too much like Mae West. However, I enjoyed the book as the twist at the end was delightful.
 I found it well written, with a great deal of detail.
 This book was on par with anything Grisham has written’ first time I have read this author but it certainly won’t be the last.
 The protagonist  of An Innocent Client reminded me of Connelly's Lincoln Lawyer. I''m looking forward to the next one in the  series .
 Hard to put down.  Contains some drama, some mystery, some emotion and some humor.  The reader feels like a witness not just a reader.  Would rate this book as excellent, I purchased #2 in the series.
 I was suspicious when I saw the prices of Scott Pratt's Kindle books, but now I know that they are so cheap because he basically sells them himself, not because they are less good than the more established names. On the contrary, at least for this book. I enjoyed reading it, it kept me entertained. The characters are not too deep but they are very believable and human, and easy to identify with. Bought all the other books from the series as well.
 This is the first book I read by this author.  I enjoyed it very much.  I liked the main character and the story line.<br/>I will read more by him.
 GREAT STORY really really good story ! I really felt strongly for the defendant in this story, the story was excellent !! A book u don't want to stop reading !!
 This was an excellent read  Kept your interest  and easy to follow.  Not so many characters to get you confused.
 I enjoyed the book's characters and the author's writing style, for the most part. But, it was a bit brutal at times. Still, it was good and I would recommend reading it.
 The inside story from a defense attorney who is tired of dealing with "guilty" clients.  Very good character development and story telling.
 This was a good read I really enjoyed the flow of the story.
 I've been "burned" on the low cost and sometimes free self published Kindle books that are offered up from time to time - but this one is definitely a good read.  I'm going to jump right in and buy the second one!
 I enjoyed the book very much. Will read another one by this author.
 Bogs down in parts but worth reading to the end. Id recommend it to my fellow mystery lovers waiting for the next John Sanford.
 The story pulled me in from the beginning, but I struggled to keep reading as the story went on for a few reasons that basically come down to personal preference.  I am not a mystery genre aficionado, but for comparison, I much prefer the work of Robert Dugoni to this particular type of mystery.  I do enjoy a good police/law show, and would've much rather enjoyed WATCHING this story unfold versus reading it.  I am also partial to a mystery novel with more storytelling, much like David Guterson's "Snow Falling on Cedars."  Don't get me wrong, this was a good story with plenty of unpredictability and twists that keep you guessing, with a great main character who's just trying to do the right thing and the best he can.  It just wasn't my cup of tea, especially given that the crime was a sex crime (just makes my stomach boil and grieve at the evil in this world).  Additionally, Agent Landers was so outrageous that I wanted to punch his lights outs, and although he was a key piece in the overall story, he really turned me off to this book.  Also, I just personally don't enjoy reading stories that involve men frequenting strip clubs or about the workings of a strip club in general, because I feel that authors use sex to sell more than they should instead of weaving a more creative mystery.  I almost gave this book 2-stars, but with the book ending with the trial, an action scene, and surprise ending, it was enough to pull me back in again and keep me interested.  I won't be continuing this series unless I am able to find a book for free.
 I really enjoyed this book.  Joe Dillard is a great character and I look forward to reading  the entire series.  The ending shows karma will bite you in the arse eventually.
 As a Tennesseean and a trial lawyer this book piqued my interest. I kept reading to the end, long after I'd figured out the plot, something I rarely do. Loved the skillful descriptions of our beautiful state and our often wacky legal system. Good character development, too. Keep writing, Scott
 Great book! Kept me glued to my kindle. Wonderful to read a mystery where the main character has a good moral center. I can't wait to read the rest of the books in this series!
 My new favorite
 I love legal fiction. This book was so interesting and fun. The characters remind me of James Patterson and the plot was very well written. The ending was true justice! I loved ever minute of it. I can't wait to read the next Joe Dillard book
 Fast paced, colorful characters, and well written. The plot is clever and continues to deliver many surprises.  If the reader thinks they have been led to a draw a specific conclusion-they soon find out they were wrong!
 After  initially not enjoying a couple of chapters I picked it p again later on and quickly found myself becoming absorbed  in ,,,the mAny twists and frequent climaxes throughout this very interesting and gripping tale.
 I enjoyed this book and have been meaning to check and see if there are more in the series. Good read.
 Great read and I love East Tennessee; I think I know these people.  Looking forward to the next book; nice to read about a good lawyer!
 Great book with many plot twists and a surprise ending as well.  I will read more in this series  Give this one a try.
 I loved the East TN setting. It is a good book if you enjoy crime fiction. I enjoyed it a lot.
 The book was well written and the characters were extremely interesting-  I found it hard to put the book down.  This was the first time that I had read anything by Scott Pratt, was pleasantly surprised.
 A good read.  The author clearly had his legal research together. The writing is good, the story is good, and it's worth you time. Buy it and read it. I'm looking forward to reading more of this guy's writing. And that's all I have to say about that.
 Exciting with all kinds of characters with enough sub plots to tax your memory<br/><br/>Joe Dillard is a good hero I will look forward to reading sgain
 It moved slowly at first but once you get almost halfway, the story becomes much more interesting, and the twists and turns the plot takes keep you reading. The Dillard character is very likable, regardless of what he does in the name of his clients. I’d recommend this.
 I am hooked on Pratt's characters as well as his storyline. It is almost too real to be fiction.
 This book held my interest very well.  I really enjoyed the humanity and conflict of Joe Dillard.  It made him feel human.
 This is a quick, enjoyable read.  The characters are interesting and the story moves quickly.
 I enjoyed this book from start to finish. The characters were well developed and the story was believable. I ordered more of the Joe Dillard series.
 I cant put these books down. Im on 5 now..so good.
 Loved this book - was fast pace and kept me interested, actually read it in two evenings (very rare for me) already started the next in the series
 I just finished An Innocent Client. What a page-turner! This was the first time I've read any of Mr. Pratt's work. I love it! In Good Faith is on my bookshelf awaiting its turn, which will come tomorrow. I will be reading them all! Thank you, Mr. Pratt!!
 I truly enjoyed this book.  There were plenty of surprises throughout, and the characters were so well developed I felt I knew them personally. I also loved the storyline. Highly recommended!
 An enjoyable read with an unusual, but very satisfying ending. This author is the first book of his that I've read. I'll now be happy to read the rest of this series.
 Got me hooked on Joe Dillard.  He is totally human and  relatable. An honest lawyer? I am ready for the entire series.
 I had a difficult time putting the book down. I'm really looking forward to the next book in the series.
 This book was just a day-in-the-life-of kinda book. Two truly suspenseful moments but quickly wrapped up and a let down that it wasn't a bigger event.
 Loved this story! It kept me up reading, well past my bedtime. Very fast paced and well written. Looking forward to reading more Joe Dillard stories
 The writing kept me interested and not wanting to put the book down until I knew the ending. If you are a fan of John Grisham you will enjoy this Scott Pratt novel. I especially appreciated a good read that kept my interest without every other word being vulgar!  This was my first Pratt novel but will be buying more!
 You just get hooked on this book. Writing’s a smidge rough in spots but wonderful characters and a really interesting plot. You’ll enjoy it.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this and all 7 other Joe Dillard Series books. Fast paced, nice descriptive interludes (not too long), and personal characters who seem real, although the "bad guys" are REALLY bad! Just wish each book was longer. Each one was over too soon! If the whole series were put together into 8 divisions, it would be an epic read...
 Characters wrestling with some of the same dilemmas that afflict me, only one or two of  what I consider loose ends seem to just drift away but all in all a pleasant way to while away a couple of hours.
 First of all, I live in Johnson City and I did not know that the story was based out of it. Second, my name is Robert Paul Tester. I had no choice but to enjoy it. Will read more books by him.
 A  great read. One of the better lawyer books I have l read. It was hard to stop reading once I started.
 This was a story of personal loss and a way to finding resolution in an unconventional way.  Justice was served.
 This book does a great job of introducing a very interesting and entertaining lead character, a lawyer, who is surrounded throughout the book with a cast of clients, opponents, witnesses, and events that will keep you, as it did me, deeply involved in the compelling exploits of one helluva criminal defense lawyer.  Definitely recommend it!
 If you like legal Thrillers you will love this author. On the line of John Grisham but better.
 I surely didn't see the ending coming!  What a fine story!  Thoroughly enjoyed the characters, warts and all.  Looking forward to #2 of Joe Dillard.
 This is my first Scott Pratt book but feel pretty sure it won't be my last.  Good believable characters and story line
 Legal thriller with great characters and terrific plot. I will be reading more by Scott Pratt after today. This is the kind of book you don't want to end.
 I bought this book to take with me on vacation and finished it before we left!  Characters were realistic - no super human flawless heroes.  Story line held my interest from page 1 to the end.  Scott Pratt is my new go to author - can't wait to read the next book in the series!
 I just started reading this author and am very impressed.  Will continue.
 An enjoyable, easy read. Some dysfunctional characters but did not go into the gory details. Love the ending - made the whole thing worth reading. I look forward to book #2
 Good storyline and plot, but things moved along a little clumsily.  Characters were a little too nuanced - bad guys really bad, good guys really good.  Some holes in the story stretched belief.  Still, captivating enough to get me to buy the Joe Dillard book.
 A legal thriller with a likeable and believable lawyer and some good twists and turns. You're not going to lose any sleep with excessively graphic violence or over the top sex scenes.  Enjoy!
 I bought the whole series and am looking forward to the next book. It held my interest and was well written.
 I was blindsided by the ending and it keeps you wondering throughout the whole book.<br/>I can’t wait to read the next book in the series.
 It took me a while to  make some sense with the characters . When the  legal procedure started, It was an easy read, very lineal.<br/>I'll give a try the second in the series
 I am reading Scott Pratt for the first time and I am hooked.  I love a book that I can't put down and I have found it in his novels.
 Once in a while you find a book where you can truly be immersed in the characters. This is that book for me. It helps, of course, if you grew up in the area as I did, and knew people of similar mannerisms, accents, and, yes, flaws and strengths. I read this book in one day.
 I totally purchased this book by mistake.  I meant to purchase a John Grisham book and actually clicked on this book.  What a great surprise.  I just finished book #2 in the series and it's even better than the first.  I'm getting ready to start book #3 tomorrow and can't wait.
 Thank you so much for caring Scott Pratt's books.....  He is a little harder to find as I believe he does his own publishing or using a small publishing house..... He is a great author and I love this series!!!
 Good read. I just read the 2nd Joe Dillard too and ordered the 3rd.  I don't always trust the high ratings, but this one is worth it. No ugly psychotic monsters.
 I didn't care for the writing style or the main character. I stopped reading this before the 3rd chapter
 A great read! Surprise ending. I like that this book was engaging and does not have a lot of meaningless details found in many books today, just to fill pages. I will definitely read more from Scott Pratt.
 Loved the characters in this book. The story was good and the fun way some were portrayed really entertained me. An easy read.
 GREAT READING. IT KEPT ME INVOLVED FROM THE START. WHAT'S NEXT?
 I loved this book.  It drew me right in and couldn’t put it down.  Can’t wait to start next book in series.
 I enjoy reading Scott Pratt’s book The Innocent Client, he is a great mystery read he doesn’t write with gory content but keeps my attention to read more.  I’m now about to order his 6th book and look forward to reading it as well as the rest of the Joe Dillard series.
 Another great read by Scott Pratt about Joe Dilliard and how our legal system often works.  Love the way he weaves a story full of interesting characters together in such wonderful plots, etc.  DO YOURSELF A FAVOR and read his books.  You will not be disappointed or sorry, but will be searching for the next one of his books to read immediately.
 Could have been written by a fifth grader. Can not recommend it to any group. A waste of time trying to find something to hold my interest
 Well written, authentic and well observed.  I felt the ending was not satisfying but worked.  Good characters, funny and dark.  Somewhat conventional tropes support the backstory but it doesn't distract from the pleasure of the read.
 First of Scott Pratt's books to read.  Will not be the last!!!  Very fast moving, characters are easy to keep up with, even with all the twists and turns.  Have ordered the second one in the Joe Dillard series!
 All I can say Wow!! I couldn't put my Kindle down. The book was well-written, fast paced, and with lots of twists and turns. I am definitely now a fan of Mr. Pratt and will be reading more of his books.
 Reminds me of the early John Grisham books. Held my attention from beginning to end and kept me guessing.  Enjoyed the characters and story very much.
 I enjoyed the book and characters
 A great story that adds humor with anticipation of what is next<br/>Once I started was very hard to put it down
 Thanks for a great mystery, Scott. The characters were fabulous and I couldn't stop reading; You have a new fan.
 Characters were very likable.  Lots of twists and turns in the plot.  I was surprised at the ending and found myself  laughing at the ingenious way things turned out.  Sometimes justice works!
 Such a great book.  Couldn't put it down . once I finished I bought book number two! Hope it's as good as the original.
 Usually like books by this author. Not this one.....boring.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this "easy read".  I'm excited that there are so many more of his books for me to read.  Can't wait to start the next one!
 Would have given this book a five star rating except for language of the TBI investigator. Once I got past that chapter, I could not close my Kindle, had to finish the book (at 4:30 am). Will look forward to reading the series
 Joe Dillard, a defense attorney, lives and works in Tennessee, but now he's mired down by guilty clients like Billy Dockery.  Joe had defended murderers, thieves, drug dealers, prostitutes, embezzlers, wife beaters and drunk drivers. He longed for a truly innocent client. Many of the police officers and prosecutors weren't much different from the known criminals.<br/>Joe's crack addicted sister, Sarah, a convicted thief used her vitriolic tirades as retaliation words which floated between them like tiny ghosts when she felt cornered. Her latest thefts were more than the family wanted to bear.<br/>The stunningly attractive widow, Erlene Barlow owned the Mouse's Tail Gentleman's Club. A visiting fundamentalist preacher had been murdered, and Erlene's protege, Angel Christian had been accused of the mutilating gristly murder<br/>The TBI agent assigned to the case was Phil Landers, a hard nosed, bad-ass, bulldog type of investigator. He had reputation of being a " dishonest, womanizing sleaze with an ego the size of a skyscraper."<br/>The district attorney knew Angel had a nasty face bruise and her DNA matched two hairs taken off Tester, the fat,preacher, who lost his penis, and his life, after visiting the strip club. Tester also had GHB (Georgia Home Boy), a date drug in his system. The D.A. wanted to shake the tree to see what would fall out.<br/>Events unfold, many whipped to a frenzy by Tester Jr. who refused to face the facts behind his father's dishonored fate.<br/>Joe believed now that there was no honor anywhere. "It's all just a sick game, and the people who win the most are the ones who lie the best." Jail inmates hate child molesters and snitches. But defendants, police officers, prosecutors, defense lawyers and judges  lie and cheat. They all want to talk a deal.<br/>Joe Dillard just wanted a truly innocent client. Enjoyable novel.
 I couldn't put this book down. One of the best thrillers I've read. Intriguing, kept you guessing, but also humorous at times. I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good John Grisham novel.
 There are so many twists and turns that I couldn't put it down. It's well written and all the loose ends are tied up at the last page.
 The story and characters kept me engaged from the beginning to the end. The main character's life and problems made him flawed and human  the plot twist s were well done
 I loved the battle of conscience vs. law and the muddy line between the good guys and the bad guys.
 Joe sure though he had an innocent Clint until the end when his told him she did it. He wad sholked. But he got her off cause of the evidence wax nit therr
 A Well written novel with very interesting plot.<br/>I really enjoyed reading it and would recommend it to all who enjoy reading
 As a first time reader of the series, I thoroughly enjoyed every page of this book. Scott keeps your interest up and it's hard to put the book down. I going to read the next book in this series just as soon as possible.
 I can not wait to read Book 2.  Joe Dillard loves his wife, cares deeply for his sister and is an attorney that is fun to read about.  Enjoy, I sure did!!
 I thoroughly enjoyed this first book in the Joe Dillard series.  It was suggested by Amazon based on my purchase history and I had no idea how it would be.  I look forward to following Scott Pratt's writing.
 Once you start reading, you can't stop.  The further you get into the story, the better it gets!  It's a "must read".
 I'm always happy to discover a new author that I haven't read before. Mr. Pratt is my new favorite. I will be reading this series for sure.
 Clever twists to the end.  Overdone stereotypical characters add some levity.  Joe Dillard has a can. I'll read his  next one.
 Entertaining start to finish.  Gripping story line that holds interest throughout. Fun interjections bringing smiles. Believable characters.  Joe Dillard series now on my must read list.
 These books are all amazing and I could not put them down!  Right up there with all the big-time best-selling authors of legal thrillers that I read!
 It was a very good book. The suspense and the characters were very good. I would recommend it to friends.<br/>I would read more in the series
 Bought for someone else and they loved it.
 I enjoyed everything about this book. The characters were interesting and well defined. The story flowed smoothly and was easy to follow. I didn't want to put the book down. Lawyers and the legal system plain and clear.
 Excellent. Fast moving. Good tight plot.
 Loved this book! Im an avid reader,of close to 10 books every week. Just ran up on this book hunting something to read,and its like James Patterson! If i didnt know better i would have thought he wrote it! Love this writer and im fixing to hunt up every book he's written.Kudos to you Scott! Keep it up!
 Enjoyable read, and I find courtroom dramas are always good value; this has enough unusual elements to make it interesting.
 My new favorite author.  Well written, no extraneous fluff/filler.  Story moves along, couldn't put it down.  Loved the ending.
 Interesting story line with a little twist at the end.  Definitely held my attention all the way through.
 Great reading lots of twists and turns.
 An Innocent Client is a fast paced story about the ins and outs of trial law.<br/>The reader engages from the first and holds on tight through the resolution of the story. Good writing.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this first Joe Dillard Series book and will buy the next one in the series.  I liked the characters and the pace of the story.  It kept the action moving, it definitely held my interest, and I finished it in two days!
 Well developed and informative regarding the 'justice system'. Also enlightening regarding character development. The past comes back to haunt until you face it head on.
 I chose five stars because it was entertaining, fast-paced, and left you with a really good feeling. Great legal drama.
 Joe Dillard a wealthy criminal lawyer is loved by his family yet has a past that haunts him . The clients he defends are shady but wealthy. This case is about a beautiful young troubled women arrested for murder
 It was a constant guessing what happens next. I really enjoyed this book, will read more from. This author. Look forward to the series he created. Thank you for an enjoyable book.
 The author created very interesting characters in my imagination. Unexpected twists and turns were woven into the story and I found it difficult to put down. A great  read for anyone who enjoys mystery and courtroom drama.
 Fast paced and very enjoyable. A very good read. I have some more of his books and I hope they are as good as this one.
 Not bad
 There's enough twists and turns in this book that I couldn't it it down.  I really enjoyed it.  I read it on two fights and it made the flights pass so quickly!!!
 Loved this book. I also purchased his next book in this series.
 Bought it on my kindle and enjoyed it very much.
 Needed a good book to waste the day and this was perfect. Would given it 5 stars if the characters had been fleshed out a bit more but enjoyed nonetheless
 A very good read, I liked everything about it, the setting, the characters and the plots, Mr. Pratt is a great storyteller.
 This book will keep you riveted from page 1. Just when you think you know where it's headed something new takes place. First time I've read Scott Pratt but will  certainly not be the last
 I it was a very good story.
 I love a good story. This is so well written!  I enjoyed every bit of it and could not put it down. I look forward to reading more novels by this author.
 I enjoy novels that have a continuing series with the same character(s).  I'm very glad I found the Scott Dillard series and am into the fifth book now.
 Loved the characters, storyline and the twists and turns.  Kept me interested from the first page.  Will definitely be reading more of this series.
 Nice read. Kept me interested. Enough so that I've ordered next book.  Along the lines of early John Grisham novels.
 I retired after 43 years in criminal court, 9 as a prosecutor, the rest as defense. This book portrays what really happens in and around a courtroom. I have personally experienced almost every thing written in this book. Well done!
 This is the first book I have read by this author. Witty, suspenseful, and delightfully surprising. Loved the characters!  I highly recommend this book and author. Now on to book 2 in the series.
 Another legal thriller that isn't over your head.  A fairly easy read about the legal system in a dark new perspective.  Pratt writes along the same lines as Grisham.
 I am on book 6 of the Joe Dillard series and will read the rest of the series. Excellent character development and a really good legal thriller. Fairly fast but paced so it doesn't get boring.
 I really like the characters in this book; Joe Dillards character is especially likable.  I actually dislike writing reviews but I believe a good book deserves one and this is a really good book. ....As soon as I finish this review I am going to Amazon to download the next book.
 I liked this book but didn't love it. Some of the characters are amusing but the story doesn't flow smoothly. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys mysteries but it's on the tame side.
 First read by this author, which was great. Book kept moving and my interest. So, I ordered the next in the series...
 Very involved
 Bought this on a whim. Had not read thus author before. Loved it and would recommend to anyone who likes good character development, plot twists, and crime stories. Read this book.
 I have always loved mysteries.  This had everything that held my attention. Because of that, this book was a fast and easy read.
 Love the characters and plot. If you’re looking for a solid crime thriller with a twist of humor this is your book.
 I enjoyed the book,it kept me engaged and interested right from the beginning. It seemed like a vacation to read and get involved in.
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. The author made the characters and the story through his obvious talent realistic. The story becomes more intriguing untill at the end you can't put the book down..<br/>This was the first book I read by this author, it will not be the last. Great job..
 It was a good read.  It had just enough twists and surprise a .  I will continue to read the other books in the series.
 Good book, interesting characters and the story moved along and didn't drag....I liked it and going to read the rest of the series.
 This guy. Scott P, can write!  Fast-paced!  You won't have to skip anything!  Good story...good characters.  I will read more from him.
 It was a great read!  I love the characters and the writing.  I am on to the next book!<br/><br/>I highly recommend it!!
 If Connoly and Crais collaborated they might have created Joe Dillard first. There is so much to read out there, but the sequals are calling. Thank you, Mr. Pratt.
 A great book.  Kept my interest.  Would highly recommend if you enjoy legal mysteries.
 Joe Dillard is a very authentic character with his own demons to battle. The plot is a real twister and the leaves one with taste for more
 Likable characters, a couple twists, enough irrelevant info to keep ya guessing. All and all a great lil book and I enjoyed it
 A real page turner well into the night.
 It’s a good read. Books moves fast and keeps you reading. Finished this book and downloaded the next in the series.
 This was a good read. Not exceptional but held my interest. Towards the middle the story became predictable. However,it made for good reading.
 Interesting characters. A little twist at the end. I enjoyed this first book in the series and will read more. I have discovered a new author to follow
 I'm an avid mystery reader, but I have to admit that most of this book had me smiling as I read, and especially the ending.  A great, fast read.
 Good story, a tangled web playing three characters back and forth.  This book flows easily.<br/>I would recommend this book.
 If you like crime novels, you will really enjoy this book.  Loved the characters,  lots of actions and twists.  Would love to read sequels.
 If you like suspense and mystery, this book has that and more. High recommend! So many unexpected twists and turns.
 Quick, interesting read. Great characters
 Great series. Easy read and fun to follow!  Feels like you know the characters personally!
 Good book
 Worth reading.  The main character has a moral compass.  Be aware of the unnecessary swearing and detailed sexual portrayals woven into the story.
 I enjoy well thought out mysteries. I have read some of the best legal thriller authors. I am happy that I have found another author with yet another way to tell a story.
 I was hooked right away and just flew through this book. The plot twists are great and the character development is superb. A well crafted story.
 This book is for anyone who enjoys a great story.  An Innocent Client is right up there with the likes of Steve Martini.  I promise, you will not be disappointed!
 Only fair
 I like the book, it was a fun, easy read. Interesting approach to the saying.... be careful what you wish for.
 Not your usual crime mystery. A few twists and turns with entertaining characters. Satisfying ending. Will read more from this author.
 Pratt tells a great story and, although you kinda know what's going to happen, the book is worth a read!
 This is a first try for this author and although the first half can use some cleaning up it kept my attention.  As the story went on it really became addictive-I’ll look forward to the next book
 Interesting and easy to follow the characters and with just enough twists and turns to keep you interested.  A quick read.
 A good read and a great start to a book series
 Disappointed.  Was looking forward to having a "series" to read.
 Very entertaining read.  Looking forward to reading the other books in the series.  Hopefully they will be as good as the first one.
 First book I have read by Scott Pratt and I will be reading others.  I thoroughly enjoyed the build up to the end.
 Fast paced, plenty of twists and turns, this author just shot to the top of my list. I,m starting book two right away.
 Who would have thought I, a Georgia Southern graduate, would praise a ETSU graduates book.  It's exciting, it's believable, and it kept me on the edge of my seat.  Look forward to reading his other books.  Dave Harrell
 Scott Pratt is a very talented writer.  This book is excellent.
 The writing was very well done. Interesting each and time I sat down to read. There were many characters in the plot and this became a challenge for me to remember each one and their earlier contributions, probably just me. Overall very good book and I am starting his series of books from this one.
 I liked the main characters so much it made the book very enjoyable.  Some attorney courtroom books are so ugly-by the time you're done reading-you want to take a shower.  I liked the story and the characters so much I purchased 3 more books in the series.
 I purchased this book on sale for two dollars because the blurb got the best of my curiosity. Scott Pratt delivered. The book is well written, easy to read, and has the power to engulf you as a reader. While I will agree with some of the reviews that talk about all the unnecessary sexual parts in the book, it shouldn't deter you from a book and series that should be at the top of your reading list particularly if you like mysteries or crime novels. I already bought the other six books in the series.
 A good insight into Rural Tennessee "justice" and mindset.  Some good twists and brutal honesty on our life!s purpose and job/career realities.  However I found many of the characters too simple as evil and the protagonist a bit too heroic in crisis.
 I love the Joe Dillard series!  I'm reading every one of them.  Excellent series!  Thank you, Scott Pratt!
 Great characters and very well presented. Love the short chapters, Scott keeps things moving.  Some twists and turns toward the end that keep you guessing and on the edge of your seat. Excellent read. Couldn't put it down.
 Good story telling that has an act of surprise.  Smart lawyering. I'm going to the next in the series, In Good Faith
 Just simple good storytelling and writing, ending was awesome characters great, perfect summer book. I intend to read more of these!
 This is one of the best legal thrillers I have ever read; it had me hanging on every sentence!  Very good...
 Loved  it.  Kept me in suspense throughout.  I purchased 3 more books in that series after finishing the book.  I really liked the first 2 books in the series.
 Loved it. I'll continue to read the rest of the series. I'm an avid reader and tend to stick to authors I know. This was an endeavor into the unknown for me. And now I have several more books in the series to look forward. Just purchased book 2 so it's ready when I can set aside some reading time.
 Ala Grisham, but with a better, less rushed ending than Grisham’s typical courtroom fare. Based on this book, I plan to read the others in this series.
 I am reading book 6 of this series and have liked them all.  Recommend buying the set.  Good read.
 Intriguing and interesting book. Good summertime read.  This is my first read by this author.  Will be looking for more of his titles.
 This guy (Pratt) knows and understands the South.  Why not?  He's next door to North Carolina.  Great read!  Your treat now!
 Much better than I was expecting. Good character development, very good story line and good pace. I recommend it for an easy fun read.
 This is definitely the best courtroom drama I have ever read. The unexpected ending was priceless.
 I enjoyed having him figure out that he had to share his problems with his wife, to solve his sleeping and anxiety.  Then he could feel better about himself and his sister.
 I really enjoyed this read. It was entertaining, and seemed to go quickly. I will watch for more by this author.
 It was an interesting plot but maybe was a little shallow.  I also think the main character needs to be developed a little more. I didn't get a good feel for his personality or profile.
 I like Joe and his wife and their strong, loving relationship. His dissatisfaction with criminal defense makes him more appealing. I loved Erlene--the owner of the strip club. The plot twists are fun!
 I liked the fact that the author moved the story along and did not waste my time with nonessential hyperbole. I will definitely read the Joe Dillard series.
 Good book, kept my interest.
 One of the best books I have read !  Very different !  You came to know these people and care what happened to them !  Very much enjoyed it !
 This is an audible book, perhaps that is one reason it's not as good as an Perri O'shaugnessy in my opinion.
 Not the best who-done-it I have ever read but it did get better as it went along.  Liked the ending.
 This was the first in a series that I have to read more of! The characters were well developed, the storyline flowed well, and it was just an all-around good read!
 Great story for this type of novel. Will read more from Scott Pratt.
 A  great read. The characters and plot kept me wanting more , so needless to say the book was hard to put down. Look forward to starting the next book of the series.
 Where has this book been my whole life? This book had me hooked from the very beginning! Can't wait to read the rest of the series!
 The author paints a dark picture of life as a defense counsel. Searching for the one innocent client.....even if she isn't.
 I read a lot of true and fictional crime stories. This book was believable, genuine and hard to put down. I’ll read more of Mr. Pratt’s books.
 This book kept my interest. While reading it you find out the who,what, and where but the how isn't revealed to the very end which is what keeps you reading.
 This is the first book I read by this author and I thought it was pretty good and it definitely kept me entertained. Although it's a mystery, you learn pretty early on whodonit so the book is driven just as much by the characters as it is by the plot. I liked the hero.main character a lot, he was basically a good guy who had just enough flaws that made him feel like a real person and not an archetype. There isn't one real heroine in the story per but there are several secondary female characters that keep the story interesting.<br/><br/>My main reason for giving the book 3 vs 4 stars is that the author introduces too many of the secondary characters at once so I ended up having to backtrack several times to remember the characters and what their role was in the story. Maybe having few characters and giving them more depth would improve the storyline.
 I enjoyed this book a lot.  It was well written and the characters were well developed.  Very entertaining.  I'm looking forward to reading the whole series now!
 Best book I've read in awhile. Fast paced and entertaining, multiple stories all intertwined and some great insight into feelings we all have probably experienced.  Can't wait to read the next one
 What a great story! I was hooked instantly. Scott pulls you in with an easy to keep up read. Loved it!
 It held my interest and was easy to read. Had a good flow.
 This is my first legal thriller. I'd much rather watch them when they are made as films and not read them as books. Having said this, I picked this up as a FREE promo, and thought, why not?<br/><br/>Because everything I read I visualise into film, I usually know pretty much straight away if the characters and plot will work or not. This is how I read books, I guess.<br/><br/>At first, I didn't know what to make of the story as it had a number of issues the protagonist was dealing with, different clients, his guilt about a sexually abused sister and how he wasn't able to save her from what she went through, a mother with Alzheimer's with whom he'd never had open communication, and a whole host of characters who don't like him because he defends the "bad guys".<br/><br/>I have a golden rule for any book I read: I always ask myself how this or that character contributes to the main plot, and how the side plots tie in with the story. Are the minor characters used to drive the plot, or simply as "filler"? To me, each chapter (or scene, as I view it) has to drive the plot forward and add depth to the main character and the story. If this isn't achieved by the author, then I stop reading the book and I won't review it.<br/><br/>When I saw this all come together in the story, I knew it would turn out to be a good one. I knew there was a good reason why the author wrote in certain things, which later tied in with the main plot or with the character development.<br/><br/>So all I can say to the author is: any film deals yet? If so, well-deserved, I am sure.<br/><br/>I liked this story, and I certainly won't mind reading other Joe Dillard stories.<br/><br/>Sylvia Massara<br/>Novelist
 I love reading, but I am a tough critic. The writer has to have a way with words, hold my interest right from the start, and if the writing makes me laugh, all the better. I am a lawyer, I have a short attention span, and I am a perfectionist. I also have four kids, a husband and a terrier to distract me when I am not at the office.<br/><br/>With that in mind, believe me when I tell you that Scott Pratt's books are well worth reading. His plots are complex but not ridiculously farfetched, the stories he tells are engaging, and the characters are multidimensional. I look forward to reading whatever he publishes next. I particularly enjoyed his first Dillard book <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/An-Innocent-Client-Joe-Dillard-1/dp/1480030473/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">An Innocent Client: Joe Dillard #1</a>, but they were all very good.<br/><br/>If you also liked Scott Pratt, take a look at Grif Stockley's books about Gideon Page. Unfortunately, there are only a few, but they are so good that I have read them all more than once. If you want to know what it is really like to be an attorney, Grif Stockley's Gideon Page is willing to tell you in a way that will make you laugh out loud at times. <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Expert-Testimony/dp/0804198101/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Expert Testimony</a><br/><br/>Finally, I also want you to know that this is the first book review I have written for Amazon. That's how much I enjoyed this author. Keep it up, Scott. Please.
 I enjoyed learning about the main characters. I sort of knew what had to be happening, but the characters were so well described I had to keep reading.
 I took a chance on a Kindle recommendation and I'm so glad I did! I'm looking forward to reading more books from Scott Pratt.
 This is my second Scott Pratt book in the Joe Dillard Series. Again it was an easy read that felt like the characters were three dimensional and the story flowed.  I enjoyed it immensely.
 The characters were interesting as were the situations that Joe Dillard found himself.  I imagined the storyline to be very close to the reality of a defense attorney.
 Plenty of surprises in this book along with some great characters. I've already ordered a sample of another one if his books.
 I truly enjoyed this book.  It was cleverly written and funny at times.  A very good legal mystery--so much rang true.  I immediately ordered the next book.  I love that the main character is such a good guy, with a nice wife and two wonderful children.  I enjoy characters with a strong moral compass.
 This booked grabbed me in Chapter 1 and wouldn't let go. There were lots of twists and turns and clever antics going on. I would highly recommend it to fans of John Grisham. I can't wait to read book 2 in the series.
 This is the first Scott Pratt book I have read It was very entertaining good suspense,characters, and humor. I look forward to reading more of his books
 More twists &amp; turns than a Georgia mountain backroad.  Love them or hate them, the characters were all believable!
 Excellent book  The author did a great job in character development and weaved them into such a story that if was difficult to put the book down.  You also get a reasonable education about the legal system.  I will without a doubt read the rest of the books in the series  .<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/An-Innocent-Client-Joe-Dillard-Series-Book-1/dp/B009WQ9YMS">An Innocent Client (Joe Dillard Series Book 1)</a>
 This was a clever and wonderful trip down judicial misconduct and the way the system works. Lots of twists and turns...kept me reading as fast I  could and a wonderful ending!!!
 Really enjoyed this book!  I'm on a budget so appreciated the price. I took it camping with me and couldn't put it down. I found this as engaging as a lot of best selling authors!  Thank you!
 Great read!  Moved well, kept interesting to the end. DID NOT SEE THE END COMING!!!!!!!!! Can't wait to read his other books!
 First time read this author' s book.<br/>Didn't think it was brilliant. It was an ok read, very predictable .<br/>The characters were likable.
 Likable characters, not so likable characters, interesting plot, good plot twists.  All in all a nice little page turner. A good summer read.
 and full of unexpected twists and turns. Some of the characters could use a more depth, but I had enough background to enjoy reading this book and to wish it were longer.
 Joe Dillard is a disillusioned defense attorney who is tired a dealing with the lowest of the low.  He was contemplating switching sides but before he left his practice he wanted just one innocent client.<br/><br/>He was not interested in a new guilty client when a local men's club owner showed up with a wad of cash large enough to entice even a jaded old defense attorney into accepting one last client.<br/><br/>The case is being manipulated by an unsavory DA and immoral investigator and they were determined to hang the death of a slimeball preacher on a young woman that looked like an angel.<br/><br/>Given the name Angel but a drug snorting dancer, Angel fell into waitressing at the club called the Mouse's Tail owned by Eurlene.  Eurlene had taken Angel under her wing and when Angel was charged with the preacher's death, she handed Dillard a quarter of a million to defend her.<br/><br/>In the end, Erlene's manipulation ended up getting her charged with the preacher's murder.  Joe Dillard got his one innocent client.  This was a great read; not too court house rules, or police procedure intensive.  This novel was people focused.  I loved the character of Dillard and his wife, Caroline... but in the end, Eurlene stole the show....we all have had a person in our lives that lived by their own rules but had a heart of gold.<br/><br/>This book is well worth the time and expense to read.
 I gave this book 5 stars because I've always judge the book on how quickly it could grab my attention and become a page-turner. That was certainly the case with this read. If you like courtroom lawyer drama this is a really great read.
 Very involving.  Moves quickly.  He has the worst luck in cases he is appointed to.  Can't believe Scott is self-published.  Some publishers really missed the boat.
 This is a page turner and thoroughly enjoyable read. The characterizations are so real, I want to have a drink with Erlene and a coffee with Joe and Caroline. The story is manageable and well crafted. I am a busy person who wants an easy escape read without confusing over complication of plots or characters.  It is engaging with believable twists and turns and just enough edge to keep it interesting.
 The author is pretty good for a new writer. The story is reasonable engaging and I liked the characters though they could use a bit more fleshing out.  It seemed to end a little quickly but other than that I enjoyed it.
 An exciting, entertaining read about a murder trial defense by a bedraggled defense attorney who finds himself as he seeks the truth.
 Loved it.  Its a great summer, no, anytime read.  And the descriptions of east Tennessee are spot on, its truly a beautiful part of this country.  I look forward to reading the rest of the Joe Dillard series.
 Reading. Love the characters in this book. Excellent writer.
 This was a great read.  The characters were all believable, to the point that you could see this being made into a movie, and even have the actors that you wanted to play the parts all picked out.  The main character was a very likable fellow.
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. From the very beginning all the way through, I knew it was winner! I’m looking forward to Scott Pratt’s next novel.
 Characters were well developed and I enjoyed the dialogue. Great legal/courtroom scenes and a lot of action. Also had quite a bit of heart. Recommended!
 An excellent story line. Kept your interest all the time and had some interesting twists and turns. Very enjoyable! Worth a read.
 A good read with a nice twist at the end.
 Was not a fan of this book.  It just didn't hold my interest.
 Very pleasant relaxing read with enough drama to hold ones interest.
 Entertaining story with a couple of unexpected twists. Perfect book for in-flight reading.  Good character building by the author.  Very enjoyable.
 All of Pratt's books have been interesting and exciting.
 Pratt knows the shoddiness of a few judges and legal systems. Made me smile and appreciate a good, honest lawyer.
 The book was  written well but it did not keep my interest as some books do. In other words, some other books I just cannot put down.<br/>The story was  good but was missing something. I just cannot pin point what it was. Other than that, it was decent.
 My first from this author. Starts off a bit slow but once it takes off you won't want  to put it down. Reminds me of the Grisham books with slightly less legal stuff.
 Very much enjoyed this book. Fun book to read never know what twist is going to pop up next. Looking forward to reading the next book.
 Pratt has a way of really getting you into the characters in this book. I really liked his portrait of the main character, Joe Dillard. I will certainly go quickly to book 2 in this series.
 Fantastic writing, great story,  love Joe and all the supporting characters.  Story moves along quickly and doesn't bog down with unnecessary chatter.
 The author pulled me in and kept my attention till the end. The story was believable and I did not guess every twist and turn as you might with some books. Looking forward to more from these characters.
 It made me buy Book 2 in the series.
 I was thoroughly entertained from page one to the end of the book!<br/>I recommend anyone who likes to be mesmerized with a race to the last page turner book to read The iInnocent Client!<br/>I will be reading all of the Joe Dillard books!<br/><br/>Johnny Phillips
 I really enjoyed the book, very easy read.  Great flow and made me want to keep reading which is very important when reading a novel. I'd like to see this made into a movie. I'll be ordering another one from Scott Pratt.
 I love a good mystery, this hit the cord.  I would highly recommend this book.  Scott has just gained a fan, purchasing In Good Faith directly after writing this.
 Had to quit reading after graphic description of what a guy did to a little child.
 Fantastic legal thriller! Well developed characters, that you love and hate. Also leaves you wanting to read more in the series.
 Joe Dillard is a very believable character with issues he's trying to work through as he defends his clients. Several unexpected twists and turns. I enjoyed the book and plan to get the next in the series.
 A great read.
 'Blurb' sounded interesting and led to a welcome surprise - A GOOD read !!  I will now order another of Mr. Pratts books and see if he continues to keep me reading long after I should.
 Great characters, creative plot twists, and good dialogs.<br/>I really enjoyed this read, mostly due to character development and the author's talent for portrayal of the moral ambiguities rife in the criminal justice system and courtroom procedures.<br/>The outcome reflected the author's dark sense of humor as well as a sense that some form of justice prevails......
 Love this book and the series.  I want more.
 The twists and turns in this story made the book impossible to put down.  It is the the type of book that holds surprise and provides suspense even after the reader thinks they have the plot  figured out.  Really recommend this very entertaining book.
 Very suspenseful with a less than predictable ending
 I gave this book a five because it was so fast paced and all of the characters were likeable, especially the the lead attorney, Joe Dillard!
 An excellent story, well crafted and well written. I must say I didn't like the hero simply because he had moments when he dissolved into a mess of hello but other than that I thought it was great. Recommended
 I love Scott Pratt’s style of writing. He’s a great storyteller. I’ve already started a Book 2 and once again a page turning story.
 This book is a real page turner. The characters are skillfully developed, and just when you think you have figured out the plot, there’s a new twist. I highly recommended this book.
 Loved this book....loved the characters and the story line...hope there is a lot more to come with Joe and Carolyn!!!
 Awesome read! Very well written and a clever plot finish. I love John Grisham legal thrillers but this is a refreshing change and on par. Have to read more of his books now!
 I have most of Mr Pratt's books in hard copy already but couldn't resist getting this one for my newly bought Kindle. If you are a huge legal thriller fan and love Phillip Margolin (his early books in particular), Mark Gimenez, Richard North Patterson and John Grisham, you really should try Scott Pratt's books. He also has a really fun blog that sometimes I am not sure which I actually enjoy more, his books or his blog :)
 I don't remember who recommended this series, but glad they did.  Kept you wondering who did it.  On to the next one.
 I enjoyed the story and liked the main character. For once the hero wasn''t perfect and loved his wife. I've already bought the next book in the series<br/>.
 The book became better the further into it I got.
 pretty simple to follow and entertaining story. i didnt care for the fact its sometimes written in third person, narrated, and then in first person. i would still recommend it and will look at more books from mr. pratt.
 I certainly can't put the attorney, Joe Dillard, in the same class as Michael Connellys, Mick, but it was an entertaining fast read.
 This story rates right up there with Grisham's stories. Some humor, some suspense, some law and lawyer tricks, but no Perry Mason scenes. Enjoyable read.
 Am now reading Book # 2  IN GOOD FAITH in the Joe Dillard series.  That should say something.  His writing is excellent, and the novel definitely holds one's attention.  It is very difficult to put down once you start reading.
 Good mystery, kept me thinking and reading.  Lots of suspense, twists with a bit of humor on the side.  Look forward to more Joe Dillard surprises!
 Kept me guessing.  So many interesting characters with lots of twists, turns and a good dose of love of family that can withstand even the darkest days.
 Good read. Interesting plot!  The Innocent victim wasn't who I thought!  The character of Joe Dillard makes for some very interesting reading.
 Well written.... mostly believable and interesting characters! Not so much a cliff hanger just fun to read!  Tennessee background is authentic too.
 I enjoyed this book. The twists and turns were plausible and made sense. The characters were colorful and believable. I highly recommend this book
 The story is a page turner. When I have to stop reading I can’t wait to get back to it. I intend to read all of this series..
 I rarely rate five stars.  This author hooked me and I've read all his books.  Great characters and the protagonist is someone I can relate to.  The stories are well-crafted and not predictable. All in all, a good read through the whole series.
 A great story.  I really enjoyed it and didn’t want to put it down once I started.  A surprise and feel good ending.
 Avery good read. Kept me mesmerized on a recent cross country plane trip. Loved the twists and the first book in a long time that I didn’t figure out who did it until right before the reveal.<br/>Recommend this to anyone who enjoys crime novels. Grisham fans will love it.
 I am a criminal defense lawyer and this book rings true.  Provides insight and story.  I have ordered two more of the series.
 I was looking for a new author, one with a different style. Scott Pratt filled the bill.  His storyline and character development were both excellent.  Enjoyed the book and look forward to reading more of his work.
 The characters are described so well that you wish you'd met them.  While the ending is somewhat predictable, you are completely satisfied and happy your prediction was right.
 i really enjoyed the story, hated the TBI guy almost quit but did finsihand move on to others i have enjoyed
 Scott Pratt is a masterful storyteller. His depiction of Southern characters is brilliant. His simple, eloquent storytelling style leaves the reader always wanting to read more. I've found my new favorite author. Great job, Pratt.
 Excellent series. Original, fast-paced, believable. Once you start reading, you want to finish the book - and then you buy the next book in the series. Highly recommended.
 A good read. I will definitely read another from this author
 I loved this book.  It kept your attention  and the characters were great.  Will look for more of his work.
 This was the start of a VERY enjoyable series. I hope there is more to come for Joe and in family in 2019.
 Loved this book and the characters.  Could hardly put it down.  Looking forward to reading the rest of the series with Joe and his new job.
 Love this character. Would make a great movie! The plot keeps the reader turning just one more page. Great plot twists!
 The first book was so good that I bought the series, I'm on the second book and it's even better.  I compare Pratt to Patterson and Grisham, very entertaining read.
 It was very good, and I liked the author's style. I love a good attorney book.
 I couldn't put this book down. This is the first book I've read by Scott Pratt. I would rate him rate up there with John Grisham,one of my favorites<br/>This story was fast pace with excellent courtroom scenes.<br/> I can't wait to read the next one.
 An easy read but fascinating in the many twists and turns the author used. Several side plots kept me guessing how they would turn out. A brilliant ending. I didn’t see it coming.  My first time with this author but not my last.
 Very enjoyable reading. Lots of twists and turns and interesting characters. This story kept moving which made the book hard to put down. Would recommend to anyone who likes legal mysteries.
 This is a fantastic book. It is a mystery with a great protagonist named Joe Dillard. Joe is a defense attorney and very good at it. Joe is a happily married man with two great kids who love him dearly. Now that is an not often heard thing is it? This is another reason I like this book. Joe had a very rough childhood, but he grew up to be an attorney and a very kind and compassionate person, with the help of his wife. There is a little humor in the story as Joe goes about hi legal work too.<br/><br/>The story is well written. It is easy to read and understand. This is the first book I have read by this author, and I do plan to read more as I think he is a very talented writer. By the time you finish reading this book, you will feel like Joe and his family live right next door and you like them all.<br/><br/>The characters are well written and you will find yourself understanding how they think as you read the story. You can relate to all the characters, but I warn you that you will have a couple favorites as their life stories unfold.<br/><br/>This is not your usual lawyer/courtroom story. Joe Dillard is not written as a pompous lawyer. He is written like an average guy trying to make a difference in his world while still remaining an honest man. This, maybe above all else, is what will get you to love this series.<br/><br/>I recommend this book highly. In fact, if you do not read it, you are missing the great feeling you will have when you finish the story. I always feel good when I read a story about a good guy. Joe Dillard is just that.
 Excellent read! Love the Joe Dillard series! I am almost 70 years, probably not the typical murder mystery age range. If you are ever involved with the judicial system like myself and my husband was, you will appreciate Scott Pratt! He is spot on and tells it like it is. Not pretty but sadly true in our world today. Guilty until proven innocent!!!
 This book combines the best of the criminal lawyer with intrigue and raw emotion. It keeps the reader amused while creating never ending question of who did what and why. The truth will surprise you.
 This was a well written book with a fun cast of characters. Couldn't put it down! I recommend reading this.
 Its an easy read and a bit of a page turner but the end seemed pretty predictable to me.
 I am actually starting book #6 and I can't put them down.  The characters are well written, the plots are not too predictable.  A pleasure to read. I will be sad when I run out of the books.  My new favorite author!!!
 Much in the style of John Grisham. An engaging story that made me quite emotional at several points. Read it if you like Grisham.
 This book is one in a series. As is usual for this author he takes the reader through a series of twists and turns before one arrives on the final page<br/>Good read with some thrills included..
 thought it was quite  interesting,  and reading the whole  Joe Dillard books
 I enjoyed this book immensely!  It kept me entertained between all high spots and had me laughing in others .EXCELLENT!
 This was well thought out and well written. Characters were well done and believeable. I very much enjoyed the ending.
 Captivating story, but limited character and plot development.  Somewhat predictable ending.
 Predictable is how to describe this novel.Not a bad story but not a page turner.
 I ignored just about all my daily responsibilities except absolute vital ones such as sleep, which was affected a bit, to read this book. I couldn't put it down. Read it in 3 days. I'm moving on to book 2. So if you haven't already, download book 1 &amp; catch up.
 I was hooked immediately by the story, well put together &amp; lots of wonderful plot twists, I hope there are more available.<br/>.
 I give this book five stars...it kept my interest and intrigue to the end. I liked the main characters which were well formed by the author.I would recommend this book to any mystery lover.
 Great story great characters in a great location! I will be reading many of these Dillard stories I hope!  I can’t wait!
 This was a very good book, by an author I have never read before! I was very pleasantly surprised and now have a new series to follow!
 Can't wait to read the next book in this series. And the next, and the next, and the next...<br/>Great writing!
 My first read with Scott Pratt. Entertaining and enjoyable. I'll keep reading and see how the recurring characters develop. No actual sexual content with the exception of some light hearted "southern floozy" banter.
 Loved the book. The ending was just brilliant. You will love Erlene. Getting ready to go find book 2 in the series.
 Great read.  Love the suspense!  Can't wait to read the next one.  Scott Pratt, you're a great writer and I can't wait to read more
 My brother-in-law pointed me toward your books.  I loved the East Tennessee grit!  Thanks for sharing a taste of the hills.
 I liked this book a lot.  The story moves along smoothly and it was well written.  I think I will get the second book.
 More moves than a tournament chess board! Character definition is orderly and precise. Lots of unexpected surprises.The writing style makes for an easy read.
 I liked the fact that he used double jeopardy to keep his client free and the 4th amendment of the Constitution. I am looking forward to reading the next book in the series.
 Got this as a free book.  It was good from beginning to end.  It had a lot of things going on that all worked together well.  If you like legal thrillers this is a book for you.
 I did not like the format.I didn't read the book. I wish I could get a refund.<br/>Barbara Alongi
 My first of this author, it was well written and a very enjoyable read
 Very well written. Well defined characters. Easy flowing style. Held my interest from beginning to end. Couldn't put the book down.
 Very well-drawn, believable, and sympathetic characters.  Interesting plots with plenty of entertaining twists.  The pre-trial phase and courtroom scenes are authentic and quite satisfying.  Fun and moving read.
 Absolutely love the characters, storyline and setting. Perfect page turner for this stormy day. Definitely would recommend, writing that would make John Gresham proud.
 Somewhat predictable story line. Well written as always.
 I laughed, I was teary and I was fascinated! This book was really good, couldn't put it down! I Swan, it was wonderful.
 Fabulous fun annoying scary lovable characters and a fast paced plot and engaging voice of the main character. Loved it.
 For me it was a longer then need be. It would have been better if some of the characters were deleted. The ending was a suprise
 What a great book!  I couldn't put it down!  Loved the characters and the plot twists!  Can't wait to read the rest of the series!
 Once I started, I couldn't put it down. I am now anxiously awaiting  a continuance. Oops, I just found another novel by Scott Pratt, gotta go sugar.
 hope to read the next few books in the series
 If you like Janet Evanovich you will love Scott Pratt. Great characters, snappy dialog and even a destroyed truck. I am looking forward to many more. I am not fond of stand alone. Give me a series so I don't mind getting to the last chapter.
 The characters were well drawn and we're very despicable or very likable, whatever the case. The plot had interesting twists and turns. Not predictable at all. I am looking forward to reading  more of the Joe Dillard series!
 Pretty heavy at times, but well written.  It was good to see the character building Scott did. Read it and you will have a hard time putting it down.
 Well written, kept me interested throughout.  Enjoyed the characters and the plot's twists &amp; turns. I'll be reading more of Scott's books
 A horrible crime; a twisted justice; and a conflicted lawyer. Pratt has created an idol in Joe Dillard. Will start reading book 2 immediately to follow Joe’s next client.
 Loved how easily this book flowed. Characters and story were well developed. It so reminded me of early Grisham novels. I can’t wait to read this authors next book in the series.
 This first Joe Dillard mystery would be a five star read for me if the evident hate of the American judicial system, policeman, and Christians was not so vehemently depicted in this novel.  I definitely enjoy the jaded and evil characters, but there needs to be a contrast with those others who are your average or particularly good characters too.  Though Joe Dillard, is supposed to be a flawed character and a product of his upbringing and past experiences, there was no contrast with good and courageous characters, anywhere in this story. Yes, there were strong devious characters who beat the system.  They were even particularly cleaver, but good--definitely NOT. Having said that, Mr. Pratt did a great job describing these vile characters, showing the hypocrisy of those who preach the straight and narrow, but are anything but what they profess to be in real life.<br/><br/>In this particular story, Joe is just plain sick and tired of getting evil people off because he can win a good criminal case for his court assigned clients.  For once, he wants to defend someone who is actually innocent, and he thinks he's finally found such a person.  Anglia Christian is a beautiful young stripper who is accused of murdering a philandering preacher client who often frequents the strip joint where she works.  Angelia's female boss, and "Gentleman's Social Club" owner,  has convinced Joe that Angelia could not have committed the crime.  Besides which, she offered Joe $250,000 plus expenses to prove her innocent.  This time he actually believes in the innocence of his client.<br/><br/>Joe apparently has a great wife and kids, but his own mother, now dying from Alzheimer's was distant and not protective of her children.  His sister is a recurring drug addict who suffered her own traumatic past.  I did enjoy Pratt's wonderfully descriptive and compelling writing. Will definitely read another of his books.  Hopefully, he will have contrasting good characters in his future stories.
 A very entertaining, easy to read novel, although the plot was a little disappointing.
 I enjoyed this booked. Interesting characters, unexpected plot developments.  Very entertaining, kept me coming back for more.  I recommend this as a good story with twists and turns that will keep you reading until the very end.
 I was drawn to this book because it's the first in a series, which I really enjoy. It is a great read. I liked the humorous beginning and everything after. There's a nice personal story intertwined throughout. I look forward to reading the next ones.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book and I plan to read the entire series!  I live in North Carolina but was born and raised in Newport, Tennessee.  While reading I felt like I was back home!<br/><br/>Excuse me.... I have a book to order, IN GOOD FAITH,  a Joe Dillard mystery by my favorite author, Scott Pratt!
 This is the second book I have read by this author. He weaves a great story that elicits a wide range of emotions for the reader. Exceptionally enjoyable read.
 The authors description and fluid writing immerse you in the story. It's an easy read with a somewhat heavy theme that will certainly capture your interest and drive you to continue reading to finish the story quickly. Highly recommended.
 Didn't know this was a first book, enjoyed the story and the characters. Fast paced and well written. Didn't really appreciate the use of lingo, but overall ok.
 A very good book. I will certainly read the next book in the series. I enjoyed the twists in the story.
 Entertaining and insightful of human nature. It was also an education in the law, shattering illusions about how our judicial system really works.
 Although sometimes the characters are a little too pat, the story line is well put together.  Overall,this is a good courtroom drama.  The descriptions of the area are also good.
 This is my first read but he tells quite a story and it was very entertaining. I turned the pages as each one led me to another.  Well done.
 I was always wanting to hurry and get back to this book as soon as possible. Thank you, i'm excited to get to the next one.
 If you enjoy police and crime novels, this is well constructed and keeps your interest.  I have read the first two novels by Scott Pratt. I look forward to the third one.
 This was a terrible story and a complete waste of my money.  I stopped reading it because it was so disturbing.  I read for relaxation and entertainment, not to be exposed to every social tragedy ever conceived.
 I Liked the twists and turns...the characters, good read...I would read another of Scott Pratt's books
 I rated it five stars because I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book and getting to know the Characters. Will definitely read the subsequent books in the Series.
 This a well plotted book with fully drawn characters. A good story without to much legalese. I like Joe Dillard, and look forward to the next book.
 Really enjoyed this book. Looking forward to reading the next Joe Dillard book in the series.
 This was an excellent read....read from beginning to end on a weekend camping trip. Will definitely be reading this author again!
 This book was well written and fast paced.<br/>It will never be considered as a classic just a interesting short mystery.<br/>Rudy
 It was a good book. It  kept you reading  to see WHO was really guilty of the murder.  Too many sub plots; so that you were not totally focused on the murder,  the trial &amp; the strategy of the lawyer &amp; the criminal investigation.
 The author has a wonderful writing style that works well for legal fiction. He has good pace and keeps the reader interested.
 Needed a good book, clever and quick. This fit the bill. Look forward to Scott Pratt’s next book. Thanks for the good read.
 I needed to find something to read on vacation and happened upon Scott Pratt by mistake and was not disappointed. The book moved quickly and I really liked they way he devleoped each character in his story. I look forward to his reading book 2.
 If you  like legal stories, you will enjoy this<br/>Good sub plots. Great characters. Very  descriptive writing and development of story<br/>Line
 This book is a page-turner. As a prosecutor, I hesitate to read legal thrillers, but the law and procedure are fairly accurate, and the action keeps the story moving. I also call East Tennessee my second home, so it was nice to have a setting with which I was familiar.
 This was a great story with a few twists and turns. It kept me interested and turning pages till I was smiling at the clever ending.
 Excellent book,  I would like to read books 2 to 7
 Scott does a great job of bringing the characters home. You know these people or at least you know who they are. The main actors are complicated enough to have dimension but not so much that you get bogged down in the details. An Innocent Client  has enough twists to keep you in the story and enjoy the ride.
 My first Scott Pratt.  It soon had me lost in the pages.  I loved the development of the characters and the speed and mystery of the plot.  I will be reading more
 I liked all of it.
 This was a surprisingly good book.  It held my interest throughout.  I will be starting on another of Scott Pratt's books shortly.  The character of Joe Dillard is interesting.
 Funny and serious too. Good story. Good. Writing keeps u entertained<br/>Liked the way he thinks and he expresses himself
 I loved this book; even the guilty and almost guilty were refreshing, humorous, great and Joe Dillard, I loved his character.  I read A LOT.  Do yourself a favor and read this book.
 Upon reading the first few pages I didn't think I would enjoy this book, however that quickly changed and I didn't want to put it down.<br/>Looking forward to reading the rest of the Joe Dillard series and already hoping more will soon follow.
 Well written and well paced.  There is not one, but two innocent clients, as the reader will find out only at the end of this book.
 Just finished An Innocent Client.  I plan to read much more of Joe Dillard. This is the best since Michael Connelly.
 I would recommend it. Scott's books were recommended to me.  I am sure everyone else will enjoy them as much as I did.
 I was gratefully surprised.  Well constructed and superbly developed.  It's not easy finding an author that can draw you into a story line, make you believe in it, and place you in position to quickly digest each chapter till there's nothing left on the plate.  I will work through the rest of your books with the same diligent and pleasurable experience I'm sure.
 Wonderful read. Couldn't put it down. Can't wait to read his other novels.  The characters were so real it felt like I was right there as part of the action.
 More twists and turns than I could count. Moves fast. Bad guys were good and good guys were bad. Loved the characters. If you like legal mysteries you'll love this one.
 Think I have read too many lawyer books - too predictable!<br/>Would have appreciated more creativity into  the story line!
 A recommended read on Amazon has provided hours of enjoyment. Plan to move on to Joe Dillard Series Book 2!
 A great combination of detective work, in-the-field action, and brilliant courtroom drama. Plus a very funny writing style that had me laughing out loud.<br/>Can’t wait to get to the next book!
 Very good Joe Dillard novel. Not only does Joe free a beautiful but abused girl from murder charges but he finds resolution with his sister.
 Clever,funny,easy to read,great story, lovable characters...I'm looking forward to reading more of the Joe Dillard Series  by Scott Pratt, recommend to anyone who enjoys court room drama.
 Well written. Easy read. If you are looking for a nail biter or edge of your seat story, this is not it. I just thought that the story could have been developed more to make it a little more interesting. Clever ending. I just thought it was too short.
 As good as John Grisham . Fast paced and easy read. Few twists and turns along the way. Good book.
 One of the best legal stories I've read since John Grisham. Pratt spins an interesting fast paced legal drama.  Doesn't get bogged down in a bunch of filler side stories. Can't wait to read his other books.
 What a good book. Kept me glued to it the entire book, womderful author and storyline. I will in fact read more of this authors works.
 Never heard of Pratt but glad for this read.  This is a good blend of mystery and crime with realistic characterizations
 I had a hard time laying this book down.  It's a wonderfully written  story that will keep you guessing from start to finish.  Just who did kill the preacher???
 Very well-written with gripping story. The author is obviously quite familiar with nuances of criminal law. The relationships between the characters seems real and believable.
 An excellent read!  Characters well developed and memorable.  Pace excellent.  Great plot.  Clever wit.  I immediately bought several other Scott Pratt books upon completion of this book!
 Really enjoyed this book - author does a real good job in character development. A good read and have already purchased another book in this series. Joe Dillard is a good guy!!!
 East to follow. Kept you guessing. Cannot help but cheer for Joe Dillard. Will continue with the next book, In Good Faith.
 Loved it so much I bought the next in the series
 Great Book! I like the Pratt's writing style. Just bought the second om the series.
 Good read. Exceptional ending.  Already reading the next in the series.
 My wife thought I would like book without reading it herself first.  Now am recommending it to her and everyone else.  Next, I am going to look at the author for another book.
 The first read was a stand alone for Scott Pratt. The series story An Innocent Client with Joe is uniquely strong. Just getting started. Thanks
 I loved everything about this book. It had it all!  I already told friends about it. I would recommend to everyone!
 I enjoyed this book very much and looked up and bought others by Scott Pratt after I finished it!
 Needed paperbacks for some trips we were taking.  I Only read mysteries so I read reviews on Amazon.  Boy did I get lucky.  8 books in the joe Dillard and one is better than the next.  Fast paced and full of details and interesting relationships.  Lots of twist and turns.  A combo of Grisham and Patterson. I don't buy books any more but I'm happy to buy these.
 I found myself smiling a lot while reading this. It's a fast read and we!l written , too. I've saved the other six of this series to my wishing wishing list for future reading!
 An Innocent Client is my first Scott Pratt book, but certainly not my last! From the first page until the twisted, delightful conclusion, I was held captive by the characters and the journeys they took through Upper East Tennessee landscapes and courtrooms. I look forward to a nice, long friendship with Joe Dillard.
 Strong clear writing. Moves along briskly.  Interesting and unpredictable twists and turns. A very good read. Second time I've read this and am sure I will enjoy the others in the series which I haven't read yet.
 Joe Dillard appears as a criminal attorney with lots and lots of court-appointed cases.  Lotsa cymbals, goofy judges and questionable prosecutors.  You'll probably love this book.
 This books so good I couldn't put it down. I liked the development of the characters, Joe Dillard and his family. I can't wait to read the next book in this series.
 Excellent story, commendable and exceptional character development . Twist ending. Hope Scott Pratt is writing the next thriller.
 I must say that I did not finish it, I started it but was not caught up in the story at all. I may give it another go during the summer
 Good read. The book held my interest the entire book. I hope to read more of Scott Pratt's books on Joe Dillard.
 The writing style this author uses will keep you cheering for the flawed,but seriously heroic attorney who only wants one, innocent client he can believe in.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. A quick read with good characters and plot twists. I'm reading Book 2 of the series now.
 I especially liked the numerous unexpected plot twists, particularly the twist(s) that finally gave Joe the "innocent client" he so desperately needed and how she "got away with it."  My only criticism would be a fairly large amount of violence and sex only peripherally related to the central plot.
 interesting whodonit.
 Great book. Likeable characters.  Good plot. Can't wait to read more by Scott Pratt. Looks like he's  written many others.
 This book is really attention keeping.  I enjoyed it so much I bought the rest of the series.  Thank you
 This book is so well written and believable. There are multiple things going on that eventually tie everything together. I am a fan of Scott's and will continue reading the books in this series.
 Smart, clever and a page turner.  After I read it, I bought the second book in the series. Liked the main character despite<br/> ( or maybe because of) his flaws.
 As a trial attorney I really enjoyed  this book.  The story was captivating and entertaining, the storyline was believable, and the legal procedure was accurate.  I look forward to reading the next book in the series.
 It is a good read.  It kept my attention and had some surprises.  I think a little too much time was spent on how attractive some of the characters are.
 Very easy reading. Nice book and interesting characters. Towards the end, the story weakens.
 Well written and kept my interest right to the last page. I look forward to reading more about this interesting character, Joe Dillard.
 My first read of Pratt's books and what a good read. No wasted character development and all just a good can't put down read. A mix of jurisprudence/detective/suspense that keeps the reader right there all the way until the end.
 With a little editing and a little more work, this could be a better book. In the middle of the story, having the main character go attack Tester didn't make any sense at all. I almost quit reading the book at that point. Without that flaw and some silly editing mistakes, I could have rated the book four stars.
 Brilliant character development and genius plot.  I think that should suffice to create intrigue.  I have probably read a couple hundred stories similar to this, but few as well done!
 Great Author, great books. So glad I discovered Scott Pratt.
 This is the second book I have read from this author.  It moved right along and held my interest from beginning to end. The author spins a good story.  I will definitely read more of his.
 I really enjoyed this novel.  John Grisham, move over. Mr. Scott keeps the readers interest page after after page !
 I loved the way the characters changed throughout the story, you are never sure who killed the preacher. Great read
 Went through this book faster than any book I've read recently.  I read way longer at night than should have, but the story had so many twists and turns, I just couldn't put it down!!!  Good job, Scott!!
 This is my first time reading this author, but it won't be my last. I have already purchased another book in this series.  Good characterizations, which I especially appreciate.  All in all, a very enjoyable read.
 A brilliant story with a warm, human touch. If you like Grisha, you’ll love Scott Pratt’s portrayal of the very human Joe Dillard.
 1st book read by Scott Pratt but will not be the last!  Looking forward to reading #2 "In Good Faith" and more legal entertainment from Joe Dillard! I read every word of this book, never having to skip over too much detail. It was like watching a great movie with an all star cast
 Deep, rich &amp; very believable characters. Several good twists.  Loved the whole thing, but especially the ending. It left me smiling.
 this is the first time I have read any of scott pratt books and I am totally impressed. outstanding book
 Writer offers good pace with plenty of intrigue .  Only thing keeping it from 5 star is numerous and consistently  negative stereotypes of faith oriented characters that seemed personal to the author as opposed to integral to  all the fictional characters it was applied to.
 Everyone low a good story especially when it's told well and thats what you get when you read Scott pratts  An Innocent Client
 I am so excited about finding another amazing author.  The Joe Dillard character is complicated and full of genuine integrity.  The book was not obvious in the direction it would go.  I loved this book by Scott Pratt.
 I couldn't find a character in the book I wanted to believe or care about. It is a good read but am not sure I want to continue reading the series.
 You will definitely realize this book was written by a lawyer.  The technical parts were more than I would have liked, but the story was so compelling.  It's a great novel.
 Very enjoyable read. Engaging and entertaining. Paced well. Alternated the perspectives till the end. Really good. Intend to order more Scott Pratt
 I loved this book. The characters are great, the plot was totally like nothing I had read before! Can’t wait to read book 2
 Quite a good legal tale, showing a lawyer's prowess
 This is one of the best legal thrillers I have read.  It is original, funny, and has genuine characters in it.  I laughed and feared reading this.
 DELIGHTFUL BOOK. NOW WILL READ MORE OF HIS WORK.  Enough twists and turns to keep you interested and the people were human. Also, love the setting. East Tn. is a lovely area.
 This book had more twists and turns that you didn't know what the next page would bring! A book you just can't put down......and characters that were unforgetable! Thumbs up!
 Pratt develops some good characters, well written, nice twists and turns in the plot.  Worth reading more of the Joe Dillard series.
 A quick read but nevertheless an enjoyable and at times an amusing one.  Does not take long to read but that means you get to the next book that much quicker
 Couldn't put it down, very imaginative, it is his first book thar I read and it hooked me, i am going to try another one
 I really liked this book. I loved all of the twists and turns. I am really looking forward to the next book with Joe Dillard.
 find at least one grammatical or spelling error. Congratulations to the proof readers, not a one in this book. Looking forward to second in series.
 Excellent! Well written with a lovable, very human protagonist. I am looking forward to reading more books from this author.
 Good entertainment.
 This is not my usual type of book, but I throughly enjoyed, so much so that I plan on reading more in the series!
 A good page turner. Far exceeded my expectations for a book like this.  This will make a great addition to the genre of crime/trial/detective stories .
 I was looking for some escape reading and this hit the spot.  An Innocent Client has made me a Joe Dillard fan.  I'm already looking forward to the next in the series.
 Great book. Keeps you in the story..
 I  liked  it  well  enough to  order  the  second  in  the  series . Keeps  the  reader  anxious  to  get  back  to  the  book . I  enjoy  the  story  behind  the  story, makes  the author  human with  the  same  problems  as  the  rest  of the  world. Thanks  Mr  Pratt
 Compelling read, all the way to the end.
 A fun and easy read. The characters were well defined and the story delivered some unexpected twists. I intend to read more of the series.
 I loved this book! It restored my faith ( well, a little bit, maybe) in lawyers. What a fun read!
 Great book! I was constantly surprised by the twists and turns of the plot. I definitely read more of Scott Pratt's works. Margaret Pace
 wonderful book could not put it down, put it on your book list to read . I do not think you will regret it. Looking for more by Scott Pratt, this was my first experience reading one of his books,
 Very entertaining, I didn't put it down until I finished it.
 Love this series
 The main character is instantly likeable and the story twisted and turned at a rapid pace with an amazing ending! Just going to start Book 2.
 A different mystery story.  The lawyer insight was a new approach for me.  I felt like I knew him.
 This author is pretty reliable, and fun for readers who like the law genre, like me.
 It was a little slow getting me hooked but it was clever and interesting and really made you feel for the characters.
 This is the first book by this author that I have and it was fun. It is well written and there is no gratuitous sex. I am looking forward to reading another of his books.
 I really enjoyed this book. It was very well written. The story had so many twists and turns along with surprising information. I could really understand what the lawyer was feeling.
 loved the whole series, hopefully the stories will continue.
 What a collection of characters and cynicism.  Comes too close to being stereotypical ranting to be an enjoyable story. Am not encouraged to seek out other works by this author.
 Wonderful book, good plot twists,  nice thinking and writing!!!!  So enjoyed the characters and relationships between the leads. Really enjoyed.
 Another entertaining read that make the miles pass quickly. If you enjoy good legal thrillers for entertainment than keep reading these
 I loved this book! I sat down to start this book one night and for the first time in my life I read the entire book at once. I just couldn't put it down! I loved the characters and look forward to reading all of  Scott's books!
 Really enjoyed this book. Took a surprising turn at the end. Joe Dillard is very real and could be someone you might know. I just ordered the next in the series and look forward to starting it
 A fun read that is easy to follow.  Likable main character who really wants to do the right thing.  I will take a chance on the next episode.
 This was great fun to read. The plot kept me turning the pages late into the night. And the ending - wow - very satisfying. I am going to download #2 right now.
 Fast paced legal thriller with an appealing hero and nifty plot twists.  I'll definitely read more of the series.  Will Joe succeed in giving up defending criminals for a less morally ambiguous career?  Seems unlikely but Scott Pray seems like the kind of author who could surprise me.
 Author Scott Pratt is a convincing storyteller who can spin a yarn and make it hang together. I read his most recent t book first and now am  reading the first book through the series. I particularly liked his ability to weave the beauty of the Appalachia into his book.
 The author did a great job of using all of his characters. Every reader likes for there to be good guys and bad guys. There was no doubt in this story.
 Money is king and courtroom justice is a farce.  Well written but a bit contrived. Can be easily read in one sitting.
 great book keeps you wanting to keep reading no dead pages great story lines I am on book 8 .Now my wife and son are reading Scott Pratt books  !!!!!!!!!
 Fun read that keeps  your interest. Good surprise twist  ending. Will definitely check out more of his  books.  Two words.
 This was a great read. Lots of twists and turns. It keeps your interest all the way through to the end.  Looking forward to book 2.
 The story has  dubious people living  on the edge within proximity of the law. We grow to like a the  hero attorney, and  the victim who  makes a mistake. How could this plot end well? Gotta read it
 Fast moving, interesting and well developed characters, good story line. Good plot that keep the story moving right along. Enjoyable read.
 I really enjoyed this story. If you like murder mysteries, you’ll enjoy this book. I hope Book 2 is just as good.
 I did enjoy and the ending was a surprise to me.
 First book I've read by this author and now I'm hooked. Great, interesting story line with true to life characters which hold your attention.  Highly recommended!
 Scott Pratt introduces readers to Joe Dillard, a defense attorney who is becoming disenchanted with his job. Initially wanting to be a prosecutor, Joe changes sides when he finds out how small of a salary they earned. With the intention of going into the prosecutors office after he earned some money, time seemed to fly by with no change of employment.<br/><br/>As the story begins, Joe is celebrating his fortieth birthday and has finally decided he has had enough of defending the scum of the earth. His birthday wish is that he gets at least one innocent client before he takes down his shingle. Besides being the court appointed attorney for some of the worst human beings on the planet (payback from some of the judges he offended), Joe also has to deal with his own personal demons. A drug addicted sister about to be let out of jail, a mother with Alzheimer's in a nursing home, and nightmares of things witnessed while he was a member of the Army Rangers are just a few of the tidbits on his plate.<br/><br/>A preacher in town for a revival is found dead in his motel room, stabbed numerous times and his penis cut off. The investigation finds reverend Tester was last seen in the Mouse's Tail, a local strip club. A waitress at the club, Angel Christian, is arrested and charged with first degree murder and the DA seeks the death penalty. Erlene Barlow, owner of the club, hires Joe to defend Angel (not her real name), insisting that Angel could not have killed the reverend because she was with Erlene all night. Joe takes the case, convinced Angel could not have killed anyone, and that she is the innocent client he has been waiting for.<br/><br/>I really liked the characters in this book. Joe Dillard, the protagonist, is shown to have flaws just like anyone else. The police, DA, and even judges are also shown to be human, although their characters are not developed as extensively as Dillard's. The women are also portrayed as being strong, with the possible exception of Angel who had a lot of baggage to carry around. Although it did not have the jaw dropping conclusion present in some legal thrillers, there was just enough twist to make it interesting. I would recommend this book to fans of John Grisham and Scott Turow, or anyone just interested in reading a good book. I look forward to the continuing adventures of Joe Dillard.
 Finally, a book that didn't disappoint. Enjoyed from beginning to satisfying ending.  So many books lately have captured me from the start, kept me interested all through the middle and then totally disappointed me at the end.  I just purchased the next for Joe Dillard in the series and am looking forward to reading each of them.
 This was my first Scott Pratt book. I liked it well enough to want to read more of his books
 Started a little slow, but quickly picked up the pace.  Expert character development made this book come to life.  Looking forward to reading the entire series.
 This was my first Pratt read and I found An Innocent Client to be well-written, nicely-paced and quite readable.  Pratt is now in my rotation.
 Really liked this book and the main character.  Have always enjoyed legal thrillers and this series has me definitely interested. Not too light and not too heavy - pretty much just right!
 The attorney did not seem to follow his passion; to find an innocent client. Parts of the story were boring and soap opera like.<br/>Would not read any other books by Mr. Pratt.
 Loved this book, the characters were very likeable, cunning and clever.<br/><br/>I am looking forward to continuing this series. I love justice!
 Love the way the story captures you<br/>I read all 8 in the Dillard series and enjoyed each one
 This is a great read for anyone who likes crime dramas. From start to finish good plot with a plenty of twists and turns.
 This book was very well-written with a surprising end.  The lawyer was dealing with his own demons while trying to find his innocent client.
 I really enjoyed reading this book.  It truly kept me on the edge of my seat.  The conclusion was unexpected!
 I read murder mysteries all the time.  This was a good book with a really good ending. I give it a 4 star!
 Well written and developed. Very enjoyable reading.
 I liked the tangled legal process and inside of jails set forth in the novel as well as the concern of the lawyer personally
 I have just discovered this author and started reading the Joe DIllard series.  I am now on book number 5.  I love his style of writing, the characters and the sub stories.  I am a new fan!
 This book was alright. I lost interest part way thru but finished. It just wasn't that exciting. I don't think I'd read another book by this author..
 I enjoyed this book very much! There were a lot of twists and turns that kept you guessing. I am going to get book 2 of the Joe Dillard series, I'm hooked!
 Really fun read by a talented author.
 I really enjoyed the twists and turns of this story.  Excellently written.  I highly recommend this book.  You won’t be disappointed.
 Good story, kept me engaged throughout. Also enjoyed all the characters in the story, some a bit predictable but still held my interest.
 Great cast of characters. Best new (to me) author I've read in a long time. Already purchased the next two books in this series. If you like murder and twists, you'll like this book.
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading because of the believable characters and look forward to reading the next book by this author.
 A little too obvious for me,notenough intrigue
 This was a great story. The character development and their idiosyncrasies were perfect. Lots of action, a little sex and violence. What else can you ask for.
 I like a good story that I can't determine the ending within the first two chapters.  This was a story full of twists and turns.  I have since bought 5 more of the series.
 This is a guy who is a John Grisham Wanna be.....same area, same type of character, same type of location, same type of story Grisham likes to write.....but the ending was very predictable....
 I enjoy legal thrillers. This one was fantastic. I grew up in the NC mountains, not far from the East TN line. This story struck close to home. So many things I didn't see coming. I intend to read more of the Joe Dillard Series.
 I didn't know what to expect when I decided to read this book. I had never heard of the author, but liked the title. Scott Pratt's writing style kept me interested to the end and will lead me to try another of his books. The only criticism is that some of the plot was predictable. Still a decent read.
 This is the first Scott Pratt book I have read and fell for the characters...all of them.  In addition to good character depth, the story was delightful (as all murder mysteries should be). 😏
 A tale that makes you cry, laugh then get mad as the devil.<br/>This story to me was true.  It makes you wonder how often these things truly happen.<br/>How many people are in prison for no reason or guilt of their own.  The officers involved should be the ones locked up and the key threw away.<br/>I'm looking forward to reading more stories by this author.
 As I've said in other reviews, I'm always looking for a good mystery/thriller series - one in which the stories are good enough that I'm happy to read them any time, but mostly to fill in gaps between other books - when I need something dependably enjoyable and easy to read. As luck would have it, I've found two winners in that department over the last couple of weeks - this one included.<br/><br/>I keep a running list of free and low-cost books I've downloaded as a result of membership in services like BookBub that specialize in that kind of thing; I cross them off as I read them and try not to get too far behind. This one, though, managed to slip through the cracks; I got it free back in 2013 and it's been stuck in the middle of my list ever since. When I noticed it's a legal thriller, it got my attention; when I learned it's the first in a series featuring criminal defense attorney Joe Dillard, I couldn't wait to get started.<br/><br/>I finished it in short order, picking it up every chance I got just because the story and characters reeled me in from the beginning. Set in Tennessee, it begins with the murder of a preacher (a cat brings part of the guy to his mistress as a gift, adding a touch of grisly to the murder). The preacher, it seems, had visited a bar known for its "girls," and one of them - a pretty young thing - is accused of the murder. The bar owner, herself a shady character, is rolling in dough and hires Joe to defend the girl.<br/><br/>Joe, however, is beyond ready to stop doing what he's been doing; his mother has Alzheimer's and is failing fast, and his estranged sister is a drug addict who's just been released from prison. On the plus side, he's got a loving wife, a former dance instructor who now helps out in his office, a couple of kids who seem more "normal" than my own two, and a excitable dog who pees on his master's shoe with regularity.<br/><br/>As Joe reaches a birthday, his only wish is to defend just one client who is innocent. As the story unfolds, it appears this young girl may make his wish come true. But haven't we all been advised to be careful what we wish for?<br/><br/>There are some twists and turns and even more lawyers and judges who try to bend the law when it suits their purposes. The chapters shift from first-person accounts as told by Joe to third-person descriptions of what happened, is happening and may happen down the line. I won't say I was surprised at any point - much of the book is for the most part predictable - but the writing is solid and the story well thought out with insights into the legal process (a tribute, I assume, to the fact that the author holds degrees in both English and law). And yes, if you're asking, I plan to get my hands on the rest of the series, starting with the second, "In Good Faith," as soon as I can.
 This story kept me engrossed.  I laughed, cried and wanted revenge!  Thanks for a great book Scott Pratt.  I’m definitely a fan{
 Good story, but a bit too crude for my tastes.  Won't be reading any more of this series.
 If you enjoy a mixture of mystery and law, you will enjoy this new series. Personally, I am looking forward to book number 2 of this Joe Dillard series.
 Excellent book.  Lots of side stories, but not too many to be complicated.  Believable.  Entertaining.  The main character was multifaceted and very interesting.
 Finally, a realistic criminal law novel.  Great plot, good characters, a fun read,  very well written. 5 stars! Looking for more books by this author.
 Such a fun read. Ready for the next in the series. Characters were great. Going to download the rest of the series now.
 The author sets up the stage for  the series of novels revolving around Mike Daly and Rosie who although are divorced continue to work together to solve their cases.  Good character development and intrigue.  Looking forward to the next in the series.
 If you like murder mysteries and court trails with twists and turns you will enjoy this book.  By the second half it becomes a page turner.
 A very good read. In the tradition of the Lincoln Lawyer and orhers of the same genre. Very entertainingl. I would recommend it to anyone.
 This was a great book. I especially enjoyed the character of Erlene. And the fact that we must all face our demons some time. This story also kept me guessing as to who did what..
 I really liked the fact there is one main story but also other ones in begween. It was entertaining to read. I couldn't put it down and as I have my kindle I keep on reading without bothering people with the lights on!!
 A very fascinating read. Takes you beyond the mundane courtroom drama and incorporates a lesson in a more immoral life we live but do not confess.
 Joe Dillard is a gem. Great person and lawyer..  Well worth the time.  Read it twice and enjoyed it even more!  Pat B
 Great!
 Have read Joe Dillard novels a long time ago, &amp; am enjoying the 2nd time just as much. Scott Pratt can spin a yarn!
 I am reading all his books and i have enjoyed the first two so far.  I hope he will keep writing such good books
 It kept my interest.
 This was an interesting mystery. The book also concentrated on the main character and his motivation in defending criminals.
 It was good I just don't care for certain words.
 AAA-mazing.  Could not put down.  Couldn't figure out the "legalese" until the last pages.  Great read, great characters and story.  Dillard is the 'man'.  Can't wait for book two.
 One of those lawyer courtroom mysteries you pick up for a plane ride and end up reading to the end. Nice Story development
 I enjoyed the book, but as I finished I was smiling. That's a good read in my opinion. The story had it all, good characters,likable and unlikable. Drama, humor, everything. Not deep, but good and moving at a good pace.
 I enjoyed reading this.  It's not as heavy as Johan Grisham, but it was interesting and sound writing.  I plan on reading the next book in the series.
 Scott Pratt, what a find! John Grisham is the guy who started my reading. This guy comes very close to that standard. I don't want to read about something, I want to BE THERE! I really liked it and just bought the series.
 I really liked this book.  The  characters are very real.  I  cannot wait to read his next book.  I hope it's As simplegood as this was.
 A sweet southern gal; a tired, honest defense attorney; and an innocent (sort of) madame. What could go wrong?  Both poignant and serious and hilarious.
 Okay, I like trial stories.  This one kept me attentive despite being sick.
 I haven't read a lawyer novel this good since Grisham!  The main character is fantastic and you are truly drawn into his life.  Watch for a little too much raunchiness from other characters, if that is of concern.
 Little slow to get into but once the story progressed it was hard to put down.
 Absolutely brilliant!!! I couldn't put this book down. So many unexpected twists. I highly recommend this book.
 very good
 Character development was good.  Some Imaginative twists in the plot.  Only thing that felt a bit  off was the consistent theme of the horrendous justice system.  A fun read.
 Guilt ridden protagonist, great family, crazy mother and sister. My only complaint about the book is that it was to short, I loved it. Great plot twist at the end.
 This is the second book I've read that Scott Pratt has written and it has made me want to read the rest in the Joe Dillard series.
 This is a fun read with delightful characters. Most importantly the plot is thoughtfully laid out and develops. Developing also is our protagonist who I am thankful will continue in Scott Pratt's new Joe Dillard series.
 Mr Pratt has written a family's secret, defence of an innocent client. Although the client  he thought was guilty was not. A great read.
 The book was good reading.
 Easy to read and follow. Not overly technical. I plan on reading a few more of his. A quick read.
 I don't have a lot to say about this. It was interesting enough to hold my attention. It wasn't predictable which I hate predictable reads. All in all worth the read. I read it on vacation.
 Very Enjoyable read. Dealing with serious issues and a little humour too. Good pace to the book with a couple of twists along the way.
 While this is a decent story, I find the main character, Joe Dillard, to be very hard to like, and certainly not what I would want in  Lawyer.
 Quick read, well written.
 I loved this story, brilliant, sets the bar high for a first novel of this genre.
 Well written and kept the readers interset throughout.  Ending was somewhat predictable but all in all a good read.
 Reading Scott Pratt's writing is more than enjoyable, I is downright delicious.  This my third Pratt book and I have loved every moment!
 A good read!
 Clever book with a few twists. First from this author but probably not my last.  Good character development &amp; storyline.
 Good book fast moving and intriguing
 My first time reading Scottt Pratt's work and I fell in love with the main character. The story kept me up reading much later than I should have! Highly recommended for anyone who enjoys John Grisham or Jonathan Keller.
 I enjoy reading this author! The stories are written well. I’ve read two others written by Scott and plan on reading the rest.
 Well developed characters, and all are so very flawed that you can,t believe the author would use them. I had to read it though without laying the book down.
 The plot is good, the characters are fascinating. I'm looking forward to reading other books in this series. I happened on this author by accident, and I'm really glad that I did.
 Great plot with twists &amp; turns. Characters were real &amp;  believable. You won't regret the purchase of this book at all &amp; will find yourself hooked on the Joe Dillard series of books I promise !
 I really enjoyed this book. It kept me interested the whole way through. I recommend reading this if you like a good suspense.
 Probably the most enjoyable aspect of this book was the lighthearted story itself. The legal drama was exciting , many of the characters were funny. It was an easy read.
 If you enjoy a story rich in detail read this, you can  picture the characters as you read.  Hope there is a movie
 I was engrossed from the beginning til the end.  Was not disappointed in the outcome.  A good summer read. The characters are believable.
 I found this to be a very easy and entertaining read. The characters were well defined and I could picture each one. Villains got their just deserts.
 This  was a refreshing experience, enjoyed the story and the characters. The rest of the series has been ordered which is the best recommendation. Congratulatios
 Excellent book from start to finish. I look forward to reading more of his books.
 This book kept me wondering so I enjoyed the mystery.
 Great book kept you guessing. The style of writing gripped you as a reader!!! Now am a fan of this author and will read more of his books. This was my first
 I enjoyed reading this book. It was clever and an easy read. I enjoy lawyer reads and this did not disappoint.
 Got a good one this time and just wanted to let anyone else know you will be glad to read this one. Suspenseful fast reading and wonderfully written.
 I purchased all 8 of this series. What a good read. I find it hard to put the book down..
 This was the first book I've read by Scott Pratt. I chose this as part of a book club I'm in and it was a great choice! I have a feeling we will be reading book 2 in his series.
 Pretty good. Not good enough to make me spend money on another one, but was enjoyable to a degree.
 Keeps you interested, entertained and often on the edge of your seat. Great lead character who really brings you into the story
 This is a story that keeps you coming back for more!  The characters are great and easy to relate to.  I'm looking forward to reading more about the adventures that Joe Dillard takes!
 A tightly written legal thriller with some good twists.  As a resident of The Great State of Tennessee I enjoyed the colloquial references and characters.  You cannot help but like Joe Dillard.  I can’t wait to continue the series.
 Well-written and fast moving with interesting characters. A clever and unexpected ending. I'm looking forward to reading Book 2 in the series.
 I really really like this book. I got hooked on the main character. It was only 99 cents and the rest are $3.99. Affordable and good.
 I've enjoyed many authors and believe I've now found a new series that will provide many hours of reading pleasure. Scott Pratt combines good storytelling with subtle twists that made me want to hurry and get to the next page. Scott does a great job of portraying his characters in a very realistic and believable fashion.
 I choose the rating because it was so interesting to find out what happens, I couldn't  put the book down. To me that's a good book. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good book that keeps your interest and I would have to say there wasn't  anything I didn't like about it. I will read another book by this author  for sure.
 Written well keeps you interested great plot
 Interesting characters and a storyline that keep you intrigued. I enjoyed how Mr Pratt incorporated the east Tennessee countryside as well as the politics in the book.  Well done! I'm looking forward to more Joe Dillard  reads!
 This is a quick read, as it certainly holds one's interest.  I am on to Book 2.
 I have now finished thee in he Joe Dillard series.  Writing is very crisp.  Plots moved along.  Author must have personally experienced some of the life events his characters do.
 I started reading this book and didn’t stop till I finished. It has been a while since I felt so captivated with a book.
 I loved the combination of drama and humor.  The twists and turns in the storyline made it impossible to put down, even when I should have been doing other things.  I will definitely be reading more of Scott Pratt's books!
 I like this writer's story line
 I've been looking for a new author who writes series about interesting detectives or attorneys.  Found them both with Scott Pratt &amp; his main character Joe Dillard.  Patterson, Cussler &amp; Baldachi fans can add Pratt to their reading list.
 Fun read, somewhat obvious. The legal twists made it clever.
 Thoroughly enjoyable legal story mixed with humor and plausible situations, I highly recommend this book.  I am getting ready to purchase the next in the series!
 It was an easy read, ending was very unexpected.  I enjoyed the character development and am looking forward to the next book!
 I enjoyed reading this book. Easy read, suspenseful, kept my interest, had a few unexpected turns. Enjoyed the southern dialect of the characters.
 Truly enjoyed this book! If you like the Andy Carpenter series you’ll love this. Thank you Scott, you rocked it!
 There were many twists and turns. This book will keep you on edge. You can not put it down. Very well written. One of the best murder mysteries I've read in a long time.
 Lots of fun twists and turns like all good lawyer based novels.  good quick read.
 Found this book by accident and just couldn’t put it down!!  Very likable characters and very readable!!<br/><br/>Can’t wait to read #2 in this series!!
 Wonderful writing.  Southern Tennessee hills murder mysteries. Edgy in places.  Loved it.
 This was a fun and interesting read. Love the different turns the story took. I loved this lawyer. God bless the lawyers they protect our rights.
 I wasn't expecting a lot when I bought this book because I had never heard of this author, but was I surprised!  He is a supreme storyteller.  If you like suspenseful novels about attorneys and the law, you'll love Pratt's books.  He masterfully weaves multiple issues and multiple characters into a very believable narrative.  What a wonderful reward for taking a chance.  I wouldn't be surprise to see one of his books become a movie.
 This was a great book and I will definitely read more in the series.<br/><br/>Simply written but a good story.
 I enjoyed the story. The writing was straightforward, the storylines were good. An easy read with an interesting and clever ending.
 My very first book by this author. The first of many i assure you! So many twists and peaked my interest immediately.
 Great book plan on reading more of the Joe Dillard series books
 10243959<br/>Ben's review Sep 25, 14  ·  edit<br/>4 of 5 stars<br/>Read in September, 2014<br/><br/>AN INNOCENT CILENT was an enjoyable book.<br/>Considering that it concerns the trial of a young woman accused off the murder and mutilating of a man, albeit a sleazy hypocrite, the ending left me with a smile.<br/>I had read another book of Mr. Pratt's Joe Dillard books and thought it was quite good, so I wanted to read the first of the series. This one, too, is well written . It reveals the character of the lawyer - hero Dillard , who is sickened and depressed by his life as a criminal lawyer. Dillard is basically a good, moral man sickened by the liars he encounters and the lies he has to face daily fron his clients, the police and the judicial system itself. He is determined to leave criminal defense behind, but he takes this case because it appears that the young woman is, truly, AN INNOCENT CLIENT.<br/>Is she? Well, that is the story Mr. Pratt writes so well. In this book the author is not yet up to the standard he reaches in the later novel I read, but the reader can see talent developing. Here, Mr.  Pratt sets the background of his main character for later stories and tests his talent to tell a story. It worked very well.<br/>I won't drop any spoilers , except to say that there are many turns in the road to "justice" coming at the reader, and while the endgame is not entirely unexpected, it was wholly gratifyingly acceptable.<br/>Liked the book, you will, too.
 Wasen't going to really like this book.  I thought.  Changed my mind after a few pages.  Not predictable even though I really felt I knew whay the end result would be.
 Fantastic Read!
 Well written with intriguing twists and turns. Great character development with only a slight lag in a few places. I highly recommend this book.
 First book I ever have read of his.  Great read.  Now half way second book and have put him on my "favorite author" list
 I loved reading An Innocent client that I couldn't stop. Well written with good characters.  I really want to read the next book in the Joe Dillard series.
 This is the first of Scott Pratts books I have read. It is a quick read and I really enjoyed it. I just purchased the second of the series.
 Just finished book 9 of the Joe Dillard series and hope there will be a 10 and more. Wonderful character development and great legal story lines.  A new favorite author.  Highly recommend
 Different than my usual British Detective choices and a nice change of pace.
 I was pleasantly surprised how well this book was written.  I have been looking for a new author for some time and thrilled that I found this one.
 Witty and suspenseful, well-developed characters in interesting setting. It was really hard to put it down. I can't wait to read the next book in the series!!!
 I can't wait to be taken on my next journey with Scott Pratt. I had trouble putting This book down.  Some books you can read, step away from and pick up again because you have no vested interest.  He captures your imagination as well as stimulates your mind and curiosity.
 Very good book and fun to read, I will look forward to the next book.
 Fast read. Loved the story line, the characters and the relationships between family members, especially sister and brother. Will read more of this author!
 I enjoyed the book, he did a nice job of bringing the characters to life.  I would recommend it for someone looking for a fast read.
 Scott Pratt is a great writer. His characters are well developed and his discriptions are vivid. I will definitely continue to read his books.
 I could not put this book down!  Kept me interested right till the end with the many twists and turns!
 One of the best legal stories I have ever read-every bit as good as Patterson and Grisham.  Kept me turning page after page with non stop action. You will not be disappointed with this read.  I will be reading more from this great writer
 Kept my interest all the way through. Unexpected twists.  Real life conflicts behind the scenes. WILL read book # 2
 An incredibly well written and entertaining book. The characters were believable and the dialogue flowed naturally. And the plot had just enough twists to keep it believable.<br/><br/>I have discovered another favorite author.
 Clean fast read not real  predictable. Well thought story line with many twists and turns<br/>Will read others by this author
 Very good, kept me reading, wanting to know what happened. The ending could have been better or more. I guess I wanted more. But a very good book non the less.
 Kept me interested till the end. Enjoyed the characters and story. Can't wait to read the next one. A great new detective series.
 The Joe Dillard Novel - 'An Innocent Client' is clear, concise, convincing - a five + - superb. I ordered another of his novels.<br/>William Plante
 Good read.  A little predictable but enjoyable.  Would encourage others to read this book.  Lots more evidently to follow.  Happy reading !
 It was riveting and the characters in the book were captivating. I would recommend this to anyone who loves a good who dunnit.
 Reads like a beach novel, likable characters but a bit shallow. Good story but feels like a draft, missing the intellectual challenge.
 A very entertaining read. Enjoyed it.
 Very crude, especially one of the main detective characters, so I didn't even bother to get past the first few chapters!
 Scott has filled the space in my heart that John Grisham vacated.
 Plenty of twists and turns, really holds your attention. Easy to read, I had to buy the next book in the series.
 I liked the intrigue, twists and turns and personal turmoil. Some of the descriptions were a bit wordy however there was a good level of suspense around the foul play of characters
 Just an easy reading, easy to stay up with book! I really loved his writing and read every one of the 6 in his series after trying #1. These books easily could support a weekly television series I think. Very likable hero!
 Story held your interest.  It didn't keep you on the edge of your seat but it did peek your interest.  I like a book that you can put down for a day or two and when you pick it back up you remember the story!  This one does!
 A very good read. I enjoyed the book and will definitely be reading more of Mr. Pratt's books. From a fellow Veteran thanks for your service.
 I liked this lawyers handling of this ever changing case. The telling of the story was well done with a surprising ending.
 A face paced mystery that really connects you with the characters and has you wondering what is coming up next
 Thoroughly enjoyed it. Looking forward to the rest of the series.<br/>Joe Dillard is a good guy. I absolutely recommend.
 This is first book I've read from this author.  Loved it and bought the second book.
 This book is so well written.  It keeps you interested and wanting to know what happens next.  I'm an avid M. Connelly reader and I would say it's very comparable. I look forward to reading the next one!
 This is one of the most fast-paced, action packed, legal thrillers I've read in a long, long time. What an incredible story of truth and lies.<br/><br/>Attorney Joe Dillard is a 40-yr. old man, wife and kids, a horrible, but lucrative legal practice dealing with the worst criminally insane court-appointed clients a lawyer could ask for, and, at the end of the day, Joe was tired of the legal playing field. He wanted out!<br/><br/>After his last horrific criminal trial was over, he made a vow to himself that he would leave his law practice, unless he was able to get an innocent client. It was sort of a personal joke to him, until, night club owner, Erlene Barlowe, called and advised him he had to take her friend's case because she was innocent of killing a reverend. Hell, that wasn't enough for Joe. Every client he ever defended said they were innocent, so what would make this case any different? A quarter of a million dollars can change the minds of many, as was the case for Attorney Dillard.<br/><br/>Once he agrees to help her friend, the facts of this crazy case just gets more wild as you turn the pages. Outstanding story, and the ending was simply brilliant. Can't wait to read the rest of the Attorney Dillard series!
 This is a really good book. The characters are sharply written and the hero is human (he makes mistakes).<br/>Joe Dillard is a defense attorney living with wife, Caroline, and 2 kids in Northeast Tennessee. After successfully (mostly) defending the lowest of the low for several years he decides he's ready to retire from trial work. Then along comes Erlene Barlowe, owner of a strip club, asking him to represent Angel Christian who has been arrested for killing a customer, a preacher. Dillard has to deal with unpleasant judges, a dishonest TBI agent (Tenn Bureau of Investigation),  and a D.A. up for re-election.  They all have a shady reason to get this poor beautiful waitress convicted.<br/>This book moves quickly. It has medium (in my opinion) violence, lots of switch-backs &amp; some red herrings.<br/>I thoroughly enjoyed this book and look forward to the next.
 I really enjoyed the characters, he did a great job of making them real. The book was interesting intriguing and funny.
 I couldn't put this book down and would read another book by this author in a second.  I loved this book.  It kept me guessing from the start.
 great book.My new favorite lawyer book,right up there with Connelly and Grisham. Great story,some humor,and the ending had a good twist. Talented author. Loved it!
 I really like the main characters in this book . Their personalities were so extreme but also very different and engaging.  I loved the ending even though it wasn't typical having the guilty being punished
 Being An attorney is a tough job.  This author gives us an authentic portrayal of<br/>Both the good &amp; the bad aspects of the profession. Great insight into how an attorney has to cope.
 Interesting. Wasn't a "page turner", but I would read more of Scott Pratt's books.
 I loved this book.  Loved the characters, the storyline, all of it. Highly recommend it. Already bought the next one.
 I loved this book. It's a Great story with a few twists and characters! Going to read his other books
 Recommend to fans of fast paced,, believable legal thrillers and who have several enjoyable hours to indulge in a pleasurable read.
 Interesting book I would read more of his work in the future. He develops interesting characters. The story kept my attention.
 I just ordered 2nd in this series
 I happened to stumble across this book while looking for a Kindle deal for a low-priced book, and have been delighted with the result. This is an easy-reading, yet thoroughly entertaining book. Written in the first person from the perspective of a Tennessee hill-country lawyer, the book is refreshing in that the central character (Joe Dillard) is kind of an ordinary guy that has a great marriage and family, and doesn't resort to the tawdry central characters so often found in this genre. Its setting in eastern Tennessee is a bonus for me, as my family hails back to Kelley Gap, Tennessee - not far from Johnson City, the setting for the book.<br/><br/>On a more anal-retentive note, one point that stood out for me in the book that doesn't quite jibe with history has to do with the main character's Army service... Joe Dillard, based on the chronology outlined in the book, was born in 1967; therefore, he would typically have graduated from high school no earlier than 1984 when he was 17. He immediately enlisted in the Army with a three year enlistment and ended up in a Ranger unit. Months shy of the fulfillment of his enlistment, he experienced combat in Grenada which led to his PTSD issues, so this would have been in 1987 at the earliest, if you follow the chronology of the book. The problem is that the US Army Ranger experience in Grenada actually occurred in 1983, so the details of the book don't follow with actual events. Now I realize that this is, in essence, a trivial matter that probably plagues no one but myself, but it is the sort of detail that seems to somehow mar the reading experience for me.<br/><br/>But, other than this trivial detail, the book is light reading that entertains and is well written, and was exactly what I was looking for.
 another good book b prat;  have downloaded more of them for my future reading pleasure
 I loved this book - very detailed and interesting all the way through.<br/>I highly recommend this book.
 I liked the tension of Joe Dillard's conflict within himself about right and wrong.  His struggle to continue to "do good" against the terrible things he defended his clients for having done, and his own personal struggles with what happened to his sister kept the pages turning.  I would recommend this book to anyone!
 Really a good read. Worth the time.  I really enjoyed the twist and turn of all the characters.  And the ending
 The author kept the readers interest. The book moves smoothly with enough detail to see the picture as clear as watching a movie.
 I'm an avid reader, this book was an enjoyable quick read. I'm surprised the author is self-published, this book was as good as most crime novels I read.
 Great book deserving five stars.  Funny entertaining and great plot.  You won't be disappointed!  Can't wait to read the next one.
 Very good read.  Glad to find a new author for reading quality books.  Would recommend to friends.  Look forward to another great book
 The madam is quite a memorable character. Chapters where she appears are really fun.  The protagonist, a burned- out criminal defense attorney, is looking forward to leaving the legal profession when he's appointed to this case. He has a happy family life, which came as a relief to me; so many detective stories involve alcoholics or recovering alcoholics whose ex-wives pursue them for unpaid alimony and whose children seldom see them. Not so here.  When his daughter asks daddy to make a wish on his birthday, he blows out the candles and thinks, An Innocent Client."<br/><br/>His challenges or "issues" include a horrible childhood event, which leads him to identify with the young girl he's defending,  and his relationship with a judge who despises him and repeatedly appoints him to  defend horrible and/or deranged criminals.  This is a fine book, and I'd give it more stars if some of the material had been saved for later novels. There was almost too much going on at once in the attorney's life. Rather than add suspense, the other cases seemed extraneous to the plot, which was well crafted. If you like a twist at the end, you'll enjoy this, though you'll probably figure it out a few chapters ahead.
 Far better courtroom drama than I expected. Joe Dillard has lots of baggage that creates a link between him and the "innocents". A really good read and colorful Tennessee travelogue. I'm eager to read the rest of the series.
 Well written, exciting and moving right to the end.  I can't wait to read the next book.  A great read.
 I really liked the character s  and the storyline.  You will too!  A lot of thought went into the plot.
 Extremely well written. Love the characters, good and bad.  Story was easy to read and I look forward to the next in this series.
 I liked this book,  I t kept me interested,  I liked the<br/>characters and lot .  I would recommend to anyone<br/>Liking mysteries.. Lawyer plots and a good one for<br/>Anyone who likes a good read .
 Good Read ! Kept you guessing to the end.
 This was a great read. The characters were well developed and enough twists to keep you guessing. The ending was a good surprise.
 A quick and easy read. Interesting characters with a twisty plot. Looks at our justice system in a slightly different way.
 Welll developed characters and a believable story.
 This book was an Easy read, quick, good story although sometimes predictable but still enjoyable. Would definitely recommend to friends and family!
 This book was good from the beginning . The story was good, sometimes hard to read because of the story being cruel. It is a very good mystery.
 Interesting characters in this book.  Will recommend this book to my friends.  Anxious to read the next one.  Well written.
 Fast paced, easy to read story line with just the right hint of humor! Some serious subject matter that’s dealt with sensitively.
 Fast paced.  Earthy. Just spicy enough to be real.  Ultimately, very authentic and genuinely interesting.  So imaginative, and, man, what a great ending.  Can’t wait to get to his next book!
 Very good story.
 I chose this book because I enjoy challenging trial cases. This story had a few twists in it and  gave an insite into the challenges that lawyers can face. It was a good read and I'd recommended it to other adults.
 I enjoyed this book very much. Well written and holds your attention. Empathized with the main character.
 I gave it 5 stars because I looked forward to reading the book.  When I was finished reading it, I missed it.
 Really great read. Interesting characters. Plot twists. Suspenseful book. I hope the success of this book inspires the author to keep writing.
 Thoroughly enjoyed An Innocent Client. Kept me hanging on until the end.
 Great quick read.  Really enjoyed the main character, Joe Dillard.  Very human.  Plan to read the next book in the series!
 Worth reading.
 This was a very good read.  The characters were interesting and believable.  I've bought the next book and plan on getting all of them.
 I normally don't reread novels, yet I've just finished reading the entire Joe Dillard series for the second time. I absolutely love Scott Pratt's writing style, and the development of his characters. Long live Joe Dillard! Keep them coming, Mr. Pratt.
 Loved this book. Enjoyed Scott Pratt's writing.
 Excellent writing. One of the stories that makes you read page to page. His characters are comical and serious. I like the way Scott Pratt writes. I'm going for book number two now.
 I recommend this book to anyone who reads Grisham - Pratt is better! The storyline is good, not too complicated and absolutely believable. I can't wait to read #2.
 A good read,and a good start to a great series.
 Ful of surprises and  enjoyed the surprised ending! The author kept the suspense going throughout the book! Loved the storyline and am looking forward to more of his books.
 good read enjoyed it
 This had some very interesting twists and turns that kept my attention.
 I enjoyed the whole experience of reading this book and am now looking to read some more of Scott Pratt.
 I really enjoyed this book. The characters were believable. I get tired of overblown heroes so the main character, Joe Dillard was a refreshing change. The plot was well thought out as well. I will definitely give Mr. Pratt's other books a try.
 This is the first time I read this author and it was a nice surprise. It was an easy read and a page turner.<br/>It's a solid story and you'll enjoy it.
 I enjoyed this book a lot!  Somewhat predictable but the writing kept my attention.  I read it start to finish in less than 24 hours.  I'm interested in the rest of the series now as well!
 This was my first Scott Pratt book that I read. It was easy to follow along and kept my attention. The characters were well developed and the story line was well thought out. I encourage anyone who likes a good mystery to purchase this book.
 I found this an enjoyable read. This was a blend of sometimes humorous court drama mixed with well described  colorful characters.
 I really enjoyed this book. It wasn't a deep read where one sweats over all the twists and turns but it did have real surprises. Well written, light mystery.
 I enjoyed the characters and the story line. The plot twists were somewhat predictable but I enjoyed reading the book nonetheless. Interesting characters and I liked the small town setting of the book.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I like mystery and having a surprise ending is the best.  I would definitely read more of Scott Pratt's books.
 I found this book to have a good plot with interesting characters. Enjoyed the characters and kept thinking about them after finishing the story.
 I had inadvertently ordered a self-published book earlier and found it dreadful, so when I picked up Innocent Client to read and saw that it, too, was self-published, I came close to tossing it.  So I was pleasantly surprised when I started reading it and found it to be well written, funny, humane, and written with extraordinary control. A delightful read.
 A good character plot and a very interesting story.
 Scott Pratt is an excellent writer!  The characters are real, the situations believable, and the endings suspenseful.<br/>I have just read 4 of his books and could not put them down!  I am so happy to have tried his books and hope that others who like<br/>mysteries will give him a try.
 I enjoyed this book immensely. Very well written. Very creative. Looking forward to reading many more of his books. .
 This book was one you could not put down or would not want to put down. It was fun to read and the author keep enough surprises to keep you turning the pages.
 This book is NOT predictable!!  I like the way you learn about the characters in depth, especially the lead character.
 Loved  the story and all the characters looking forward to the next book in the series keep up the good work
 This was a great read. Multiple plot lines all being woven and intertwined through the chapters. Very exciting ending. I will buy and read more from this author.
 This was a good read. Fast paced and interesting. Strong and vulnerable characters which makes them interesting to me.
 I thought the was a fast passed interesting book. Loved the characters and the plot.  Well written and worth the read. The author unfolded the plot in a mind catching manner that held my attention as I quickly turned the pages. This book will not disappoint you!!! Enjoy!
 If you like courtroom drama you'll love this book all the characters are great especially the owner of the club and the lawyer get the book I'm looking forward to the sequel.
 Excellent read, well written, good story line great character.  If you like Law and Order, this book is for you!
 Scott writes a fun book. An interesting story with plenty of plot twists. I'll read more of his books in the near future.
 I loved the book's fun characters. The author does a good job of developing characters to love and to hate. I cannot wait to read the next book in the series.
 Excellent. Kept me turning pages fast. Bought the rest of the series on Kindle.
 A great book.  Keeps you guessing till the end!!!!!  Being from Tennessee, it feels like I knew the writer!!!!!!  Can't wait to read the rest of the series!!!!!
 enjoyed reading it very much. would recommend to anyone who likes thrillers and appreciate a good fiction novel about criminal defense
 Loved this page turner. Could not put it down until finished  Just started 2nd book In Joe Dillard series
 Great Book.  If you like suspense, you need to read this one.
 I bought this at the same time I bought Grisham's new book Camino Island...this is the better read. Interesting characters, fast paced, plot twist. Great ending.
 Realistic story line.  No foul language is a nice change.  I really enjoyed this book.
 I am a John Sandford and John Grishem lover for their characters that are flawed but believable. I think Joe fits in nicely.
 Easy to read, very good editing, laughed, cried, and still wondering if Joe will ever find that innocent client he longs for.
 Much thinking went into this story. It's a John Grisham meets Robert Parker sort of book. Everyone gets what they deserve in the end.
 Great read...I loved the characters ...one of the few time recently where I didn't skip to the end because of the aggravating characters.
 Book Moved along quickly, good ending. Well written and not boring like some detective books. Can’t wait to read his next book.
 Entertaining.  Just the type of book I like to escape with
 Good read.
 I have read the first 5 of the Joe Dillard series written by Scott Pratt. At the end of each book he writes that he is a self-published author and asks the reader to spread the word and review him on Amazon. That is why I am writing this review for all of the books I have read thus far.<br/><br/>Scott Pratt is brilliant writer!! These books have great character development.  So good, I almost didn't get beyond the first chapter in An Innocent Client.The first character we meet in the book is a vulgar slug of an agent.  I thought if this is how Scott Pratt writes, his books are not for me. Then as I read on, we meet Joe Dillard, polar opposite. Refined, thoughtful, driven to do the right thing, though flawed just like the rest of us. I was hooked.<br/><br/>  Pratt's writing is intelligent, riveting, humorous, and in sections, deeply moving. He knows how to build suspense and has the ability to surprise me.<br/> I'm not easily surprised!  His writing has a real easy flow, a simplicity that is refreshing. But don't mistake that for lack of sophistication...
 Great read. Hard to put down.  I am enjoying the entire series.
 Pretty well written who dunnit - predictable for the most part but with enuf twists to keep it interesting....  I'm going to read the next. In the series and see how that reads.
 YES IT DOES HOLD YOUR INTEREST, EXCELLENT READING, BELIEVABLE CHARACTERS, NEW FAVORITE WRITER.
 I enjoyed the book.  I would have liked Jed a little more excitement but all of n all it was good.
 Brilliant is not the word. Plots very well placed and one wants to keep reading till the end. Whole bunch of surprises in the end.
 Good plot. Very realistic.  Would have liked to see more courtroom cross examination, but, overall, a nicely written book.  Will read more of his books.
 Gave it five stars cause I thought it was good reading, from the first page to the last. Kept me interested and the author didn't dote on one thing to long. I liked all the little twist and turns the story took.
 Keeps your interest from the get-go.  Especially enjoyed the surprising twists near the end. Am now working my way through all Scott Pratt's books.
 This genre usually doesn't interest me but after seeing the great ratings I bought the book. Great story line and great character development.  I will definitely continue reading the series.
 My first Scott Pratt read and I loved it. Well written and kept you engaged throughout the entire book; can't wait to read the rest of the series!
 Enjoyed the novel and did not see the twist coming in the end.  Looking forward to more by Mr. Pratt.
 Joe Dillard is a wonderful character and I enjoyed getting to know him in this first book.  Well written and engrossing!
 Entertaining read. Just when you think you know 'who done it', there's a twist.  Writing style pleasant.  Highly recommend this book.
 If you enjoy John Grisham style books you will really like this book. It kept me awake till the end.
 Fast paced. Full of twists. And excellent characters. Highly recommended! Looking forward to more stories with this great story action.
 I loved this book!  It really spoke to my twisted sense of justice!!  Joe Dillard is a tongue in cheek lawyer who works for his clients.  Why not, for a cool Half million dollars??  He is a good man who does his job in spite of everything done to dissuade him.  Read it!!
 Interesting ending. Liked it.
 Fantastic read which kept me reading until the wee hours after midnight.  If ever I needed an attorney for a serious crime I would employ Joe Dillard with confidence that he wanted to do right by his client and that karma, sitting on his shoulder, supporting positive and productive choices to free me.  Joe is a good husband, father, brother and son and his relationships matter to him and upon diving deeply into his demons, he has decided to do the just thing.  Even though he represents the most heinous psychopaths and sociopaths, he does his best to give them a voice.  His conscious makes him human and shows how his past untreated wounds can manifest in a variety of ways causing proper or improper outcomes.  I ordered Book 2 in the Joe Dillard series before I completed Book 1,  Scott Pratt, you really know the correct way to spin a yarn!
 Love the fact the book was an easy read. Good character development, full character, twists and turns.<br/>Very enjoyable read and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys courtroom novels.<br/>Looking forward to book 2
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. I have found a new author to read.
 Hooked on Scott Pratt. I am on book 6 and ordered book 7 already. I really love his writing and he keeps my interest.
 My husband and I listened to this book on a 3500 mile road trip.  We both enjoyed it and will read more of Scott Pratt's books.  This was our first.
 If you like trial novels as much as I do, this was a fun and interesting read with lots of twists and turns plus an unexpected ending.
 I enjoyed the book. Pretty good for his first. Started a little slow but built up nicely.
 Lots of story lines with interesting characters.  Keeps you interested.  Does not breed confidence for the criminal justice system at any level, but it's just a fictional book, right?!?!  Well done for a new, self-published author-Bravo!
 I loved this book!  I couldn't put it down.  It's not serious reading-you can predict a few of the twists and turns, but it was still very enjoyable.
 I really enjoyed this book and the ones that followed (so much so I am now on book 4 in 1 week). Good story and very believable and strong character development that make you feel like you are right in the middle of it. I am totally hooked at this point.
 A little slow getting started but then it became a really good book.  I will read his next one too.
 Can't wait to read the next "Joe Dillard" book in the series.  I most highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good who done it and courtroom suspense.
 Enjoyable quick read.  Could see several things coming but enjoyed none the less.  Would recommend for a vacation read.  Interested to read more of this series to see if the author can duplicate the appeal.
 I thought this was a great book.  Loved the characters, and loved Joe Dillard's ability to take care of himself.
 I stumbled upon Scott Pratt by accident and was delighted with it. I'm looking forward to the rest of the series. I hate to compare authors but this book reminded me so much of a Grisham story I had to mention it. A terrific read!
 Excellent beginning for legal thriller series.  Loved the plot &amp; characters. Great legal explanations in the midst of the story.  Liked it slot.
 Enjoyed this book very much!<br/> First read of this author but already purchased and started another. Enjoying the next also!
 Liked. His style,and was impressed with his knowledge of the<br/><br/>Law😉I will read more of his works.  He is my kind of writer.
 This is a well written book and holds your attention all the way through.  Scott Pratt is a new author for me, and I will continue to read his books.
 Great book with lots of plot twists. Very entertaining main character and a great read. Would recommend this book. Thanks
 The innocent Client was a fabulous read on the level of Michael Connelly or John Grisham I count put the book down and today I bought in good faith I can't stop sign the pauses for this book
 The storyline carries well so far, If it continues ,I will buy other books in the series.
 The book kept me coming back.  Never a dull moment, incredible plot with many surprises. I strongly suggest reading this book. I've gotten to know the characters so well I can't wait to read the next book to see what they'll do next!
 This is my first Pratt book and I find his style very engaging. I very much look forward to reading many more!
 Great read to start a series. Interesting characters.  Love the twists!!! Looking forward to the next book in the series.
 Interesting characters, rotten characters, good story line with a fun ending.  Enjoyed background information on main characters.  Read and enjoy.
 an easy read.  Little slow at times but a nice change from the sit on the edge thriller/mystery.
 I really really like this author. Good plot (including twists), good characters, good writing. I will be reading the other 6 in the series. ASAP.
 A good light read with plenty of clever plot twists.  I'll read his next one to be sure he's not a one hit wonder.
 This is one of the best books I have ever read! An Innocent Client by Scott Pratt is just outstanding! Everyone should read it.
 I loved the book
 Very, very good. Love the characters, plot development, twists and turns. And the setting of small town America in rural Tennessee is awesome!
 Easy to read, great story. The author really brings the characters  to life. I will be first in line to see the movie.
 This is the first of the series and I found it to be well written. I just bought the 2nd book since the other was so good.
 I enjoyed this book. Well written and a good story with some surprises in the end.
 This was a great read!  Well written and moved along at a nice speed.  Clever plot. Thoroughly enjoyed it
 A really good read!  The plot takes several surprising turns and doesn't follow the usual lawyer book theme.  The characters are interesting and real.  Mr. Pratt is a good story teller!
 I really enjoyed this book it is well written. I will continue reading the series. Thank you Scott for a fast paced read.......
 Like the character Joe Dillard and his family will read more of this series later on. If you like main character as a lawyer you like this book
 Good legal thriller without to much "other" stuff. Not easy to put down once you start. I am now s Scott Pratt fan.
 As a self published novelist I applaud Scott's inveteness, great phraseology, and twists of tale.. Looking forward to the rest of the series
 Enjoyed the character developments, twists and turns and over all great read. Looking forward to book 2. Be a good movie.
 If you like John Grism, you should check this one out.
 This is a down to earth book.  The author is so good at keeping you entertained and keeping you guessing. I love that he is not trying to show you how extensive and complicated his knowledge of the most obscure words of the "English" language are that you need a dictionary to understand this book.  I loved every minute.
 I loved reading this and couldn't put it down. Just enough twists to keep you guessing and more than enough emotion to make it feel real. Awesome book!
 Excellent story, fast moving page turner. Joe and Angel are interesting characters, but Erlene tops that cake. Shrewd and cunning woman, but irresistible.
 Enjoyed reading this page turner with it's unique characters and twisting plot. Looking forward to reading more about Joe Dillard.
 I have never read this author before, but I will be looking for books by him for future reading. Realistic and thoughtful...at times dark but hopeful too. couldn't write just one word. :)
 Joe is a lawyer you can really like!  The book is a real pager turner and I can't wait to read the next Joe Dillard story.
 I enjoyed reading this book. Looking forward to starting the next Joe Dillard book. I have already purchased it. Easy reading
 This isn't a work of great literature, but it is an entertaining legal thriller.  The main characters are a little too one dimensional.
 The writing style caught me right away. And what started as a simple plot got awfully complex. Altogether a good, fast read.
 What can I say? Very entertaining and fun read. Pratt creates some unique and interesting characters. He brings the plotting together very well.
 A quick read that held my attention from start to finish. The characters were well developed and the fast pace made it compelling.
 Easy read. Ver interesting story.
 ONE OF THE BEST STORIES I have read. The author is a master storyteller. I felt all the emotions that the characters were going thru. It's a story of a young girls rape that led to drug addiction,  a murder and what was behind the murder, revenge , a smart woman of questionable character, and of course the lawyer who had to deal with all this and figure it out. I love the devotion of his wife-a true love story and their crazy dog,plus alot of other interesting characters that make the story interesting.  You will laugh, cry, get mad, upset, be glad at the outcome.  Their are enough twists that keep you guessing.  I got the book today and finished it today-it's just that good. It's an original story, not the same ole who done it.  Can't wait to find another book by Scott Pratt.  I'm an avid mystery reader and am truly glad I found this author.
 If you enjoy really good "who done~it" book this is it!  I started reading and did not want to stop!
 Great diversion - pace was awesome and easy to follow. Kept me wondering til the end. On to Joe Dillard’s next case!
 I have found a new favorite author. This is easy reading but the ending was total surprise to me, and there were no illogical blind paths that I have seen sometimes with Lee Child or Michael Connelly. I have already purchase his second book and cannot wait to read it.
 I would recommend this to any one who reads.  It was hard to put down from the very first. Towards the end I knew I would find another by Scott pratt
 He really found an innocent Client! As well written as Thurell, as interesting as DeMille, it was a very fast paced novel ,with great twists and turns. I think if you enjoy who dun it type novels , this is for you!
 This was the first Scott Pratt book I read in the Joe Dillard Series and I loved it so much that I ordered and read all of them!
 This book was hard to put down once started.  Twists, turns and lots of unexpected turn of events.  His character are well drawn. A good look into how a defense attorney can also have a conscience.
 I liked this book because the author made his main character human. He was flawed but also tormented. I recommend this book because it was fun to read.
 I enjoyed this book very much. Fast paced, a great story, A very good beach read. I look forward to continuing on  with the series.
 Just finished this, and loved it!  Suspense was there, and several suspects, with twists and turns and surprises that made me laugh a couple of times.  Definitely reading sequels!
 Good read...great characters.  Even though some of it was predictable, I'm looking forward to reading more of the Joe Dillard Series Books.
 You can read the details in another review. I will say that I really enjoyed this book. Held my interest completely. Highly recommend.
 This author goes into great detail and is able to bring the legal process right onto the pages. Great reading
 ok
 I didn't get past the first few chapters.  Pretty disgusting people and language.  Really stories are not made better by using this profanity.
 The characters are diverse, well developed and some are even likable. Great story line; Scott's middle name must be Irony!
 Couldn't put it down. Great characters, bad guys to like,good guys to hate and a brilliant lawyer. Thoroughly enjoyed it
 Very well written and interesting all the way to the end of the book.  This author is going places!  Good summer read!
 Scott Pratt is a close second to John Grisham in his writing.  Kept me turning those pages wanting to see what was going to happen next.<br/>I look forward to reading more of his books.
 Good reading!
 I liked the pace of the novel. It is a very good story with a twist in the tail. The characters are well developed and believable.
 The thing that I liked about all seven of the books in this series was that it was totally believable. I read a lot and so many times the story line is questionable or they tell you one thing and then a few pages later they tell you something entirely different.
 Not everybody can mix a first person narrative and a third person narrative in the same book. Scott Pratt does exactly that in "An Innocent Client" and guess what? It works! Mr. Pratt's narration is very smooth, easy to read and digest, and his characters are believably described. As an attorney practicing in Louisiana for more than 30 years, I certainly can relate to the many factors that persuade Joe Dillard, at the age of 40, to give up his very successful criminal practice after 10 years of defending the dregs of society in northeastern Tennessee. As a result of his success, Joe earns the contempt of judges, prosecutors, law-enforcement personnel and the public at large. Thank goodness that he is a very happily married man with a beautiful loving wife and two wonderful kids (a refreshing change from most "lawyer" books I have read). However, the emotional "baggage" Joe carries as a result of incidents from his past, and the pressures that come to bear as he struggles to complete the few remaining capital murder cases he is handling, combine to threaten the idyllic life he envisions on the other side of retirement. A very satisfying conclusion to this story has me chomping at the bit to read the other books in this series (2-6).<br/><br/>Thanks to Amazon and Kindle and the entire self-publishing concept that has evolved in the 21st-century, I will be able to read those ebooks for a total cost that is significantly lower than a hardcover print release by established authors like John Grisham, Dean Koontz, Nora Roberts, etc. Many of these "unknown" authors, including Mr. Pratt, write as well as (and, in some cases, better than) the typical "best-selling" authors, whose every offering (good or bad) quickly finds its way to the top of the New York Times best-selling list, typically at a price I have become more reluctant to pay. With the Kindle app for my iPad  4, and the thousands of books available for 99 cents or less, reading has never been this much fun! I will never buy another printed book again!
 A intriguing tale of who really is truthful. Who tells the truth, who knows the truth, and how the truth is told.
 Good story with interesting characters.  It has some interesting twists.  Love that it's a light and quick read in all the best ways.
 A good read
 This book had me at Hello.  I'm on to book four in this series and just love his style of keeping the reader<br/>engaged.
 There are some dark subjects but the characters pull off an enjoyable experience.  Couldn't put it down.  Looking for the next one in this series.
 Wow almost like a roller coaster ride.  The bad guys got what they deserved, and it was a fun read ,  try it you'll like it
 Kept up the suspense throughout... Variety of scenarios...surprise endings...easy to read...easy to put down and pick up again .. Would buy more by this author.
 I loved this book.  It was well written with great characters that you can easily picture in your minds eye.<br/><br/>The main character is a defense attorney who earns his living defending the scum of the earth. In this book his client is a young attractive woman that is accused of murder. Her boss and friend will spare no expense to ensure she beats the charge. The victim is a Reverend and the entire town wants to see this young woman get what she deserves.<br/><br/>While working this case the lawyer is also dealing with his other clients, people with questionable character and his sister, a chronic drug user who's in and out of jail.  He torments himself as he questions his career of using his skills to get criminals off the hook and back on the streets where they will most likely keep doing what they're doing.  He's a husband and father and basically a good person.  How does one bridge the gap between good and evil?<br/><br/>I look forward to reading his other books.<br/><br/>One more thing, I always read other peoples reviews before I submit my own.  I appreciate the perspective of others but definitely have my own opinions.  I was unable to relate at all to the one star reviews.  I'm not sure what they read as this is a good book that you won't want to put down!
 Loved this book! Really enjoy this author’s writing! I was more engrossed in this book than I have been in years!
 I really liked the way the author used the characters to tell the story and let it unfold with several clever twists and turns.
 I loved this book...couldn't wait to get home and read it every night.  It reminded me of The Firm, by Grisham,  couldn't see the ending coming, well-researched.  Colorful, unexpected language made it fresh and believable...can't wait to download #2.
 This book held me captive from page one. So many twists and turns made it hard to put down. I finished it in a matter of hours.
 The writer keeps the story on line with a twist or two here and there.  Not the greatest of authors inhale read but very good and keeps the story going
 I'd recommend this book highly. Great plot.  I'm looking forward to reading the next Joe Dillard book.  I can't wait.
 If you want crass, crude, denigration to women, and overall pigish dialog, this book is for you. Twenty pages was enough for me.
 A very enjoyable read. Very surprising in places and great twist at the end. Leaves you wanting another case for Mr. Dillard.
 I'm looking forward to reading more. I hope the next book in the series is just as good as this one.
 I haven't had a chance to read been busy. But I will say I have not been disappointed in any of my kindle purchase.  I'm sure I will enjoy
 If you like John Grisham or Lee Child (Jack Reacher series), you'll like Scott Pratt's Joe Dillard series.  Fast read, lots of action in all his books.
 I given it 5 stars.  The story moved quickly and never had me skipping paragraphs because of boring, unnecessary information.  Great story.......
 This is the most enjoyable mystery I have read in a very long time.<br/>It's very well written. I will seek out this author again.
 Joe Dillard, an ex-army man, is an attorney who only acts for the defendant.  Almost all his clients are hardened criminals and the best he is able to do is negotiate that their sentences are life rather than the death penalty. He is a happily married man with two children and decides that he must continue with this work until they are fully educated. He wishes he could use his considerable skill and expertise in defending a truly innocent client. A very fat preacher comes to town and is murdered after visiting a local, somewhat dubious, place of entertainment. Dillard is asked to defend an angelic looking young girl who is charged with his murder. The intricacies of the legal process, politics, media frenzy, corruption behind lay preachers, egos of judges and interaction between an attorney and a client who is in prison are all grippingly described. The characters are intriguing, some with gigantic egos and others who are clever sociopaths. One cannot help but wonder about the innocence of any client and empathise with Dillard for his thankless task. There are a few typographical errors which is why it gets a 4 star rating.
 Just a good read. I must say it kept me wanting to always get back to it. Great surprises.
 Well written, full of suspense and all kinds of twists and turns, not to mention a great rendition of life situations that both torment and shape many lives - all with an upbeat style that doesn't drag you down.  I highly recommend!
 I completely enjoyed this novel. I really like Joe Dillard and will be reading more of him.
 I liked the creativity of the story line and use of a current social issue. I thought it to be too predictable.
 This book was well written, extremely entertaining and I was captivated from the very beginning to the end. I would highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good murder mystery.
 This book was a. Good read. Characters were clear and the plot was easy to follow. This was a good ending
 Great turns with real life family situations tossed in. The Dillard series should continue if the rest of the books are like the first one
 The book was quite interesting and easy to read. Is it a follow him at an interesting twist at the end
 Quick read with interesting characters who are conflicted and real. Enjoyed the twists and turns and the ethical struggles. I recommend this book and will try his next one in the series.
 A good read with great characters, and a story line with enough twists to keep one reading. I'll look forward to future work from this author, SCOTT Pratt.
 A high-wire act executed with mystery, clarity, surprises and humor. What more could or want? Aside from another book by Mr. Pratt...
 THis is the first of the series and I got hooked. Have read through 6 and just got # 7
 Well developed characters and an interesting plot.
 So so book.
 Very good read
 The first work I have read from this Author and found it excellent reading. I will certainly be reading a lot more of his works. It is not just the run of the mill Detective, mystery thriller with the main character working on the legal side of the law
 I have never read books by this author.  Really good read, getting ready to buy another.
 Hooked on Joe Dillard. This was really good but Scott Pratt keeps getting better.
 He has a style of writing I like...very descriptive but quick....not overdone....shows how complicated the human life can be....character truly human(Joe Dillard) but changeable....Pratt captures the human handling of emotions like anger, guilt and passion
 This is the first book  I had read by this author. I am going to read more. I grew up in the South and he really has the small town court experience nailed.
 This is a great read.  I"m looking forward to his other books.  Story is engaging from the start.  Is not so suspenseful you can't stand to read anymore or you can't put it down, although when you get toward the end it does get hard to put down.  Enjoyed it immensely.
 Just discovered the Joe Dillard series and I am already on book 4.  Well written and great audio.
 just started book #2.<br/>very excellent author.he kept me interested throughout the whole book.<br/>I hope he keeps writing.<br/>I put him up there with my all time favorite-tony hillerman
 Some interesting twists and turns.
 Engaging story line.  Good characters used to tell a good story.  Looking forward to the next book in the series.
 This story made me just want to sit down and read.  It was easy to follow and I enjoyed very much.
 Loved this book so much I bought the rest of the series. Characters seem very real. I love a series that makes me look forward to reading the next one, and this certainly does that. Well done. Certainly recommend!
 This was a great introduction to a new character. He's a likable guy and I see the potential for a lot more good stories.
 I love Joe this is the first Joe book I've read. The read is fun. Makes time go by quickly on a plane or train
 I wasn't so sure at first but got hooked on this book quickly!!  On to book two!
 Great story, great characters.  Easy yet interesting to read.  Not to much technical nonsense. Twist at the end I didn't see coming!  Excellent!
 was very entertaining and enjoyable to read. At first I wasn't sure I would like it as I really love mystery, who done it books. More on the intense side. But the story pulled me in and the humor was just enough. I will be reading more about Joe!
 Great book!  I just downloaded the next in this series and I'm excited to get started reading it tonight. I am definitely a new fan of Joe Dillard.
 First book of Scott Pratt's that I've read.  Fairly good book!
 Predictable and lacked depth of character
 Very pleasantly surprised by this book.  Found the plot to be full of twist and easy to read.  Will be reading more by this author.
 Found this book hard to put down. Enjoyed it very much. Looking forward to reading the next Joe Dillard story.
 It's an ok read. It gets 3 out of 5 on all measures: suspense, quality of writing, quality of characters.
 Shines a light on the sad truth of our justice system  and those who are involved in the way it works.
 This book is why I bought book 2.  Getting ready to order book 3 in the Joe Dilard series
 A good read.  I enjoyed it.
 Tried a new author and wasn't disappointed. A nice story and good light read. Plan to read all of his books.
 Husband loves the book!
 If you like legal thrillers and stories with emotional depth, or well developed characters, you should like this book/ author
 Well written. Enjoyed the plot and the characters. Will definitely be reading more books by this author.  Highly recommend this book and author.
 I had never read Scott Pratt and based the purchase of this book on the reviews. I am glad I did.  I love a book I have a hard time putting down.  His Joe Dillard character makes a great attorney with a human side.  I have purchased the next two books since reading this one.
 This story has a twist at every turn.  This protagonist is in a dilemma of life and cannot see his way out.
 I enjoyed the likable characters. Dillard is an admirable lawyer .  Some ideas needed further development (family and ending for sure.). Overall an easy read. Will try the next one in the series.
 Great Book right to the end.  I find you can hardly put the book down.  He holds your interest right to the very end and you wonder where he's going with the story - don't read the last chapter until you finish reading the book!!!
 Not the most compelling writing, but quite entertaining. I have since read book 2 and will probably read others.
 Really enjoyed the plot and the writing. The prose is colorful and author is really good at painting a picture. Lots of twists and turns. Ready for the second in the series.
 Kept my interest. Would read more from this author. I recommend this book to someone looking for a quick mystery.
 At first I didn't like the writing but soon I found that I had read half the book and missed lunch. It turned out to be a great book.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It had some great sub plots and some twists and turns that made it suspenseful to the end.
 I love the Joe Dillard Series but I love all of Scott's books. My newly found favorite Author. Once you pick it up, it's sooo hard to put it down 💝💝💝
 Wonderfully woven story! Characters were realistic as was the timetable depicted for the legal process to unfold.  This tale describes choices "a good man" must make to be an effective defense attorney.  (Watch for "a good man" to be defined in the book!)
 This was a great read and a fun "who done it". The author has a talent for luring the reader into the characters worlds and emotions.
 Like this book!
 Stereo type the fundamentalists and paint the strippers as the innocent victims. Waste of my time reading this book. Don’t waste yours
 Enjoyed the Joe Dillard character. Pratt did a good job in developing him . look forward to reading more of  the books in this series.
 Very good
 I have the sneaking suspicion that I read this book before. It has a good plot line. I am not so sure that I like the hero.
 Extremely well written, in fact,so well crafted that the innocent client of the title never occurred to me!  Pratt knows whereby he speak seven down to the location. A good read.
 Challenging plot with characters described fully to the point you felt if you were there.  Good reading for true mystery lovers.
 Really enjoyed reading !  Will order more of series.
 Scott Pratt writes a pretty good tale with An Innocent Client.<br/>Although the narrative covers a number of clients - none of them innocent - the book's primary focus is a sweet, young, beautiful bar maid accused of murdering an alcoholic, whoring evangelical preacher.  The case against her isn't very strong, but that doesn't deter a running for reelection DA or a bent cop from working hard to hang the noose around her neck.<br/>Add in the accused's scheming, rich female boss, who views her like a daughter and a number of other plot devices and you have a good, fast-paced, who really done it novel.<br/>The title of the book comes from the defense attorney Joe Dillard's strongest wish to have just one innocent client before he quits the law.<br/>Because a number of facts are kept from the reader, and a number of red herrings thrown out,  you'll likely have a hard time figuring out who did what and, more importantly, why.<br/>And that's the weakest part of the plot.  Some of the reasons and the logic behind the murder don't stand up too well when finally revealed.<br/>But, with that said, An Innocent Client is a good summer read with well drawn characters, believable dialog and good pacing.<br/>I think you'll enjoy it.
 Lots of interesting plot turns and the author is a good storyteller - could have gotten a little deeper in character development but it was still a good read.
 A bit confusing at the beginning as to which character was talking but not so much as to detract. Good story, interesting twists, quick read.
 Interesting right from the beginning. I loved the ending, quite hilarious . The suspense kept mounting up to the very end.
 A very entertaining reading
 I could not stop reading, and even found myself late to work as such. I fell in love with the main character and never anticipated the end. Loved it.
 This book is well written and really held my interest. There are  enough twists to keep you guessing but it's still believable. Great characters-they're good but not perfect. Very true to life.
 The characters are so well developed, you either really hate  them or really love them. The story line is exciting and we'll paced, no blathering or repetitive themes. I loved it!
 The story was real life  a feel of these people exists.  I LOOK FORWARD go the next book in the series.
 I really enjoyed this book so therefore  give it a 5star rating.  What one person might not like another might really enjoy .  It takes all kinds to keep all<br/>people satisfied.  I'm ready to get started on  Scott's 2nd book..  Hope it's just as good.P. Elkins
 Well written. Very nice story line which is completely plausable. Will now definitely read the rest of the series. Can’t wait!!
 Quick summer read entertaining
 The story had a lot turns that sometimes was little more then needed but still was interesting. I did get a little confused but was able to get back on track..
 Ii haven't finished the book yet, but so far I think it's a 'keeper.'!!
 A great story. The characters were developed well. I like an easy but good read to "get away" from work. This fit the bill.  Enough but not too many characters.  A good plot that didn't leave questions hanging in the end. Enjoyable.
 I am a huge Grisham fan and thought I would give this a try.  Loved it.  I am going to order book 2 Immediately.
 Great story, hard to put down
 I read this book in 3 days, it was so good I couldn’t put it down.  I stumbled on this author on Amazon &amp; now I’m hooked. I’ve bought the other books in this series. Hope they are as good as this one, AN INNOCENT CLIENT.
 I would give. "An Innocent Client" 4 plus. Good plot, interesting characters, and the story moves along<br/>briskly. I am enjoying all the Dillard books. Can't put them down quite honestly. Read them in three or<br/>four sittings. Getting the feel of northeastern Tenn. Keep them coming Scott!
 This was a really good read.  Good plot that kept me reading much later than I intended.  Will be reading more from Mr Pratt.
 Interesting book and a quick read.  Found myself not wanting to put it down, although it made me wonder how deep corruption really goes in our legal system.
 I'm addicted to this author, and his books are reasonable.
 I enjoyed the personal story of the main characters and the conflict. Well written book that kept my attention and I ordering the next book.
 I enjoyed every page of this book.  A coy line of action with varied characters and a satisfying conclusion.  If you like lawyer stories, you'll like this one.  I am of to the next Dillard story!
 Still trying to decide if he will be a Patterson or Cnnelly.
 The author keep wanting to read more. I enjoyed this book very much. I look forward to reading more in the series.
 Very interesting mystery. Joe Dillard is well developed as the main character. A defending attorney who is feeling the pressure of all the criminals he trys to get justice for. It is a terrific burden. Joes wants to quit, he is burnt out by the judicial system and the criminals all seem guilty.  It's a no win situation.<br/>He gets hired by a lady with lots of money to defend her friend who is accused of murder. He does a great job of uncovering all the details; she appears to be guilty. Joe does a brilliant job of investigation and defense. However his client is also taking steps to ensure her type of justice in the situation. The plot is tightly woven and the reader is pleased with the ending. Joe ends up with a great deal of money from his fee. It will be interesting where Scott Pratt takes Joe in the next book.
 Good book, but the last few chapters dragged it out
 If you like legal thrillers this is a great read. While serious in the soul searching of a troubled attorney, there is wonderful humor in the story and a twisted finale which will make you smile.
 Love Scott Pratt’s books and will read them all!!  Hard to put them down when I start reading.  Keep them coming!
 I liked reading this and could see how it would end but enjoyed the telling of the story.
 One of the most interesting books I've read in a long time.  I couldn't put it down until I finished.  I loved Joe Dillard and can't wait to start the next book in this series.  If I ever needed a lawyer, he is the one I would want!  Wish I could have him as my best friend!!
 I loved the characters (almost all are fiawed). Confirms your suspicions but also restores your faith. Ready for the next book.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book.  Story moved along at a nice pace and held my interest right to the last page.
 Enjoyed this book very much.  Good character development and story.  Can’t wait to read the next book in this series.
 Very good
 good book
 I had a day off and planned to do some chores inside and some yard work. I made a mistake, or not, and started reading this, I didn’t put it down until finished!
 I rated at four stars as it basically meets  meets my requirement as a good mystery. Would recommend to anyone that enjoys a good mystery
 It was OK, but not a great read.  I thought the other Joe Dillard books were better.
 Good read'
 I was looking for a fast paced legal series with great characters and I love this as much as Grisham,  if not more! Easy reading, well written!
 This book was so good, we need more underdog authors more noticed. I can't wait to read book 2. Yes
 Clever plot. Fast enough pace. Altho found myself beginning to skip at times. Entertaining enough that I will try book 2.
 Doesn't write like a first time author. He is up with the big guys. Great story, already ordered more of his books!
 Unusually good character development.  Exciting...very difficult to put this book down.  Believable but intricate legal manuverings
 Loved this book from the beginning. Very interesting story.
 First book I read by this author. Enjoyable read and liked the main character. Looking forward to reading the next.
 I enjoyed reading An Innocent Client. I found it interesting and well written. I bought his second and third book after finishing this one.
 This was my first Scott Pratt read and I can hardly wait to read the rest of this series.
 Enjoyed this book and anxious to read the next  book in the series.  Happy to find a new author to follow!
 I quit after a few chapters. Writing style was too bland, without substance.
 Had everything  from characters you hated, feared , loved and were afraid of.  Joe Dillard was a three dimensional protagonist, conflicted yet honorable. The joke in the end made the injustice satisfyingly just.
 I have so enjoyed this entire series - right up there with Connolly and Turow and Peter James.  Violence but also human with values. I read the whole series while travelling and ordered the next before finishing the previous.
 I really enjoyed this book. The writing style kind of reminded me of Harlan Coben, who I LOVE. I will definitely buy more of this author's books.
 Loved this! A new author for me...<br/><br/>If you like murder mysteries, this a good one. I look forward to more of the Joe Dillard series!
 Well written page turner! Well described characters and great plot! Would highly recommend to anyone into crime and suspense! Thoroughly enjoyed it!
 Intriguing, very well written and enlightening book. The characters are so well portrayed, you truly want to learn more. I have become a fan and already downloaded the next book. I'm sure I'll be reading the entire series.
 Good read.  Interesting characters and a quirky plot.  I enjoyed it a lot and will definitely read more of this series.
 I really enjoyed this colorfully written and entertaining legal drama.  I can’t wait to read the next book in the Series.
 This is a most exciting series.  If I pick it up in the middle of the night, I don't get much sleep.  Read No. 4 last night from beginning to end. I literally can't put them down.  I highly recommend for people who like fast moving, nail biting thrillers.
 It's a great read.  There are some twists and turns through the book that I really enjoyed.  I will be buying the second book in the series momentarily.
 I enjoyed the first of this series.  Not exactly Grisham but still enjoyable. Skip the second book (In Good Faith) however.
 I loved this book.  It was very well written, kept me engaged until the very end.  I didn't want to put it down.
 Kept my attention.
 Great job on a murder trial mystery , family members with real life problems. I laughed and cried , scared me a couple times. I really enjoyed this book!
 Burning through tons of books in retirement. This book was as good as anything I found on bestseller lists.  Highly recommend this author. Plan to read all he has published.
 an great journey with new to me characters.  didn't care for bragadoshia of sexual exploits but  got thru it okay.
 The characters were down to earth and the plot was well written. I would recommend this book to fans of plain spoken drama.
 Good enough author that I am now on his 4th book.  He does seem to have several plots going at once.
 This was a great book.  I've never read this author before but I will definitely read him again.
 I couldn't put it down.  Really well crafted and moves along at a good pace. Have fun reading it!
 Just discovered Scott Pratt and his prime character Joe Dillard.  Totally enjoyed his writing and devoured the novel.  Already finished Book 2 and well on the way through Book 3. Looking forward to reading the entire series
 This book was fun to read with a cool twist at the end.  The characters are interesting, though not complex.
 I found it to be a real page turner.  Loved it
 I liked the surprise ending which is indicative of a good writer.
 I just read this as a suggestion from Goodreads. Loved it. Very well crafted. Painted a believable picture and he made me like lawyers a little more!
 The book was very entertaining and fun! Hard to put down! Interesting story line! I can't wait to start the next one!
 Very interesting story.  Good plot and characters. Main character was very interesting, and the story moved along well. I would recommend this to anyone who likes good mysteries
 I loved the book. It’s the first of this author’s that I’ve read. Great plot. Since reading this book I’ve added 2 more by him to my library
 this book kept me interested. Ending was unpredictable and interesting.
 I enjoy this so much that I will be following Scott Pratt's other novels.
 I stayed up all night to get to the ending. A real page turner
 Readable, distraction not literature, won't enlighten or sweep one off their feet.<br/><br/>8 more words needed to finish this, irritates.
 Good Fast read.
 Really enjoyed this book.  The main character is very likable and comes across as honest.  Story kept me hooked.
 I’m not a big reader but I loved this book. Keeps you hooked. You won’t be sorry if you get it.
 This is a rapid read....the author keeps things happening...and he's descriptive! So many books I read now adays aren't descriptive enough. I care about Joe Dillard and his family....he's a good man, and a good lawyer!
 Good book great awesome fabulous crazy sad please let me stop having to write these damn reviews.  I do not enjoy it
 A real page turner Had trouble putting it down great character can't wait to read the next book in the series
 Good story, I love the main character and will be following the series.
 First book read by Scott Pratt. It was great reading! I like reading books like this. I purchased the rest of the series as well!
 I recently read all of his books.  Excellent!  Waiting for the next one.
 You bet I would recommend this book. I could hardly put I down. This guy is a real story teller. Buy it you'll like it
 Great book, liked the writing and characters. Will read the whole series.
 I am so excited because I found Scott Pratt, a new author to me, and love his writing. I finished An Innocent Client and looked forward to the 6 more in the series I could read right away. The book held my interest, I fell in love with the characters and am looking forward to spending more hours with Joe Dillard. Thank you Scott.  Keep writing.
 I knew nothing about the author beforehand, but was pleased to realize that Mr. Pratt tells a good story and fills it with believable characters.  I think l'll read some no more from this series.
 Excellent, as good as Grisham or Patterson. Highly recommended!
 I liked the variety of characters and reading their perspectives while also keeping the mystery of what exactly happened! Fun read!
 A fairly standard detective story. Did not meet the level of the reviews I had read earlier.
 Good  read for the first book in the series. I have already read books 2 3 4 they just get better.
 This is a fun, intelligent who done it.  Good story, fun characters, keeps you guessing until the end.  Very enjoyable!
 I have enjoyed this book and like this character. This is my second Scott Pratt books and look forward to the others.
 I would say I enjoyed ,to some extent , reading this novel. It shows a good deal of human weakness and evil
 I loved the book and the kindle price. It was so good 10,000+ reviews cant be wrong! I’ll be reading the next in the series soon
 Really liked it
 This book is a wonderful read.  I enjoyed it immensely.  I strongly recommend it.
 1st time I have read anything by Scott pratt and I really enjoyed it. I have downloaded another one to start soin
 Evokes a lot of emotion.  Sadly I've read enough true crime to be drawn into the judicial corruption he portrayed in this novel.  Definitely one of those times when you wanted the accused villain to win.  Recommend
 Great book good story line easy to follow
 This book kept me guessing until the end.  Full of twists and turns.  I will read more by this author.  Great book!
 My favorite genre of books to read is legal thrillers.  This is my first Scott Pratt book and I loved it.  It is a page turner and I never guessed the ending.  Afterall that is what makes a great mystery.  Now on to the next one.
 One of the best books I have read in a long time, couldn't put it down. I will look for more books by Scott Pratt.
 Enjoyed the series, the characters are real and the events leave me hoping for more .
 I was so interested in the storyline but only made it through 2 chapters before I deleted this book from my kindle. I thought that Joe Dillard was a Christian author based on his character being a Christian and attending Baptist Student Union activities. What a disappointment to see that one of the characters used Jesus's name in vain and others used profane language. I won't read this author again, which is disappointing. I enjoy stories of lawyers &amp; cases.
 I enjoyed reading this book. The main character was well done and quite believable. The plot was twisty but easy to follow.
 Great story, well written with a good ending. I thoroughly enjoyed it and look forward to reading more of his books.
 What a great surprise!  I did not know the author, but this was a great book!
 My sister recommended this book and am sure glad she did.
 I love the author of this series. He spins the stories in such a colorful way. This second book of the series is a confirmation of his talent.
 I've read both of the author's books in this series. I hope he writes a third as I enjoyed both. Good characters!
 Great story!  Surprise ending, kept me wanting to know what would be uncovered next.....looking forward to more stories with this author.
 A new and delightful author delivers a worthy novel. I suggest that you order it now while it's fresh in your mind.
 I bought the book after I saw all the positive ratings. I must say I really enjoyed it. I thought it started a bit slow but once it got going I couldn't put it down
 While reading this book, you can imagine everything really happening .  I would recommend to everyone to read this book.
 Story kept me wanting to read more.  Very interesting with unexpected twists.  Looking forward to reading entire series.  No dislikes.
 I really like the way Scott writes. It was a really good storyline and you could feel Angel's pain in the way she was raised.
 A very fast read. Kept my interest throughout. I enjoy a good series, you can watch the characters develop. Recommend to anyone who enjoys courtroom drama.
 A real page turner.  Intriguing plot, interesting characters with just the right amount of humor .  Keeps the reader interested and guessing right up to the end.
 Liked it! Downloading the next book in the series. Pretty quick and interesting characters so good summer read especially. Worth it for an inexpensive book
 The book was well written and a page turner. The author is obviously familiar with his subject and the area where the story takes place.
 This book was amusing, heart-warming and riveting.  I can't wait to purchase the next in this series.  Thank you!  Great summer read.
 Very entertaining- I had a few good laughs and the way the story was written made me read through continuously. I would definitely recommend this to my friends.
 I enjoyed reading the story and hope to read more by this author.
 Great series from first to the latest.  I could read and identify with Joe.
 I enjoyed the multiple viewpoints this book was written from.  I gave this five stars because it was a true page turner and kept me curious throughout the book.
 A crooked investigator and a DA who cares more about getting reelected than justice makes for a lot of surprises.
 The book was refreshingly clean while not avoiding subjects. Gave good insights into personal and family turmoil and was a reminder of how seemingly independent actions can have so many effects on many seemingly unrelated results. After the read was over I realized how clever the title is. I think you will find this book to be a relaxing enjoyable read.
 4 stars. I liked  the characters and the story line.  The plot twists were surprising and the characters were very human. Emotional, suspenseful, even funny at times. A good read.
 The fact if having to represent someone if guilty or not.
 Be sure to get all five of Scott Pratt's books and read them in sequence.  He has the ability to<br/>put into words his characters' feelings, pain, fear, love, sensitivities, a rare gift. I read all five, An Innocent Client, In Good Faith, Injustice for All, Reasonable Fear, and Conflict of Interest<br/>in a little over a week, allowing me time for every day chores.  These books are impossible to<br/>put down.  There were a couple of misplaced words in the middle of the series, (can't remember which book), but I feel that Mr. Pratt was going through in his personal life the same<br/>trauma his character, Joe Dillard, was experiencing.  Understood under the circumstances.  He<br/>could not have expressed Joe's feelings with such depth otherwise.<br/>All the very best to you and yours, Mr. Pratt.  Looking forward to much more of your fine work.<br/>Through your writing, your own good character comes alive, arrow straight and true.
 a
 Pratt is a new author for me and I will continue to read more of his books.  Easy, entertaining and enjoyable.
 I really enjoyed this book.  I am now reading his second book in this series "In Good Faith".
 Great read, I really enjoyed it and am looking forward to #2.
 I enjoy being fooled by the clever twists used by the author. This is my first book by Scott, happy it’s the first of a series! I felt like I knew the characters and could<br/>Visualize them!
 This is the first book I have read by Scott .  I was impressed with the well developed characters and a believable story line. Won't be the last book I read by Scott
 I liked the book - it was a well-written, nicely engaging story for summer reading.  I ended feeling that I would read the next in what appears to be a series.  It was primarily written from the main character's viewpoint but there was fairly good character development on the other people in the book.
 Good read.  Look forward to read more of his books
 I never take the time to write reviews, but this author is every bit as good as John Grisham.  I'll definitely be reading more of Mr. Pratt's books.
 loved this book. moved quickly and was very engaging. Read it in almost one sitting on the plane!!
 Great "Who Done It".  Didn't even suspect who the killer was until....
 At last, a brand new slant on murder, trials, and the devious denizens that inhabit the halls of justice. You will love Erline.
 Enjoyed as much as  a  Grisham novel.  Not too deep, but enough of a twist and a turn to not put down.
 Great characters and setting. I enjoyed the portrayal of small town southern life. I'm glad I came across this and am looking forward to reading more in the Joe Dillard series.
 This book was well written, one of the best books in the last six month that I have read. Good descriptive writing makes you feel like your living the story.
 Good storyline, great characters. A great perspective on the defense attorneys, and interesting inside look at politics in judicial world.
 It was a great book. Right up there with John Grisham. I plan to read everything he’s written.
 It was not very challenging intellectually, but gripping enough to keep you entertained. I would definitely buy book 2 and more.
 Entertaining, well written. Became very enjoyable read after bit of a slow start. Will look for sequels
 Picked this book as a sample and it had me from the get-go. Downloading his next work. The characters were alive and I could see them, smell their breath. Enjoyed this from start to the last page turned. Hated for it to end. But what a good ending!!!
 Characters and plot drew me in almost immediately, with plenty of twists and turns that kept me guessing all the way through the book.
 As a former prosecutor, then defense attorney, then a trial judge for over 20 years, I will simply say I loved it.
 Bought this book on my sister's recommendation and certainly glad I did.  Wonderful leading character!  This book had me from the first page.  Lots of twists and turns and pretty much a surprise ending.  The author takes you through the redtape of criminal law, corrupt judges and prosecutors and some law enforcement.  Takes you through the horrors of what some criminals will do.  This leading character, Joe Dillard, has to defend scumbags, and yet is able to go home to a wonderful family, he has a wife and children that he loves and has to put his job behind him every night.  Joe has a sister that endured the horror of rape as a child and her life is a mess going from one bad situation to another, with drugs, alcohol and one bad relationship after another.  Mr. Pratt is a self-published author, I find his books to be well written.  I worked in the criminal justice field all my working life and can relate to a lot of what goes on.  I finished the book in two days and immediately bought the next two in the series.
 This was The best book I have read this year. I love the curves that were included in the book and was surprised by a great ending. The author left me wanting more
 The twists and turns of the story kept me glued to the pages. I lost quite a few night's sleep reading this book.  The story hooks the reader in and it is hard to put down.
 This was a fun read with several clever twists.  The struggles of a burned out defense attorney in a corrupt system.
 A fast paced read that kept me full engaged till the end.<br/>A little predictable at the end, but still worth the investment.
 Well crafted and entertaining.!
 I am actually working on my third Joe Dillard book now, and I certainly wouldn't be doing it if I didn't thoroughly enjoy the series.  Joe Dillard is an honest, ethical, and likable man whom you would hope would be on your side in any legal trouble.  He has a great wife, a great daughter, and a great son, all of whom love him dearly.  He also has a sister who is constantly screwing up her life with drugs, bad friends, and worse men.  Joe is always there to help get her out of her self-caused problems, tho'.  Unlike most protagonists in crime novels, Joe has no major hang ups, flaws, or weaknesses, other than perhaps caring too much.  The story plots so far have been exciting, tricky, and just plain well-written.  If Joe were a real person, and I was innocent but charged with a terrible crime, I'd dearly hope that Joe was my attorney OR the prosecutor.  Either way, he'd find out real facts of the case and save my butt.<br/><br/>Read the Joe Dillard series.  You won't be sorry.
 Well written story that kept me interested all the way through. Great characters- took me a while to figure out who to root for and then trying to figure out how it would end. I can’t wait to read the next one!
 Good pace. Interesting characters.  Fast read.
 GOOD READ
 Very enjoyable read. Loveable characters and smart writing. I'm going to download some more of his books! I love the Joe Dillard character.
 This is the first book by this author.. characters were strong and believable ... I enjoyed the twists and turns!!
 My first read of this series. No time for grabbing. Gotta get the next one. I'm hooked on great mysteries
 Good story.  Enjoyed the writing.
 Enjoy reading the book but I skip some parts of irrelevant narrative.
 Enjoyed very much.  Love when that happens!  Read in one day because the book wasn't slowed by over describing things. Scoot Pratt is clever and so interesting....thanks!
 It's a bit too funny in places.
 Mom of three and teacher was looking for a book to read during my summer break. A friend told me about the author being from Tennessee and incorporated places arounfpd the area in his book. The book was suspenseful, funny at times, and kept me coming back for more! I've already bought book two!❤️
 I LOVED THIS BOOK. I HAVE READ THE NEXT TWO IN THE SERIES AND JUST BOUGHT THE OTHER FIVE.  Real people and real characters.  I admire the steadfast, truthful hero.  We need more heroes. .
 This is my first Joe Dillard book. I found it easy to read and a great story. I enjoyed the surprises throughout and the up and down emotions.
 Not so much a question of who dunnit, more a masterful use of twists and turns. Guarantee you won't see it coming.
 I loved this book and have since read 1 thru 6 of the series and enjoyed them all. I hope you write more Joe Dillard books. I will be sorry when I finish book 9.
 I enjoyed the twists of this story. Right up to the end it provided surprises and unexpected changes to what you think happened.
 I recommend this book to all who love crime fiction. It is brilliantly plotted and wonderfully written. The characters come alive and take you with them. Just a gem of a novel!!!
 Great book.  The main character is a lovable, flawed man.  First book of the series...will probably have to read more I need to see what Joe's next case will be.
 Anyone who enjoys courtroom tales and the twists and turns of our legal system, will thoroughly enjoy this book. Will continue to Book two.
 I love to read series with interesting characters and story lines. Scott Pratt's books fit the bill.  I can't wait to read more about Joe Dillard.
 Good reading.  Fairly simple plot which is a good thing.  Doesn't take you through a crazy and unrealistic path. Pretty good.
 I loved this book.  This is the second one I have read.  I ordered another one........Joe Dillard is a good man.
 First Scott Pratt I have read I thoroughly enjoyed it as soon as I finished this book I ordered number 2 thank you very much for a good story
 well spent
 I’ve read many more $14.99 books and this was better than most of them. I’m ready to read the next in the series. Believable characters with a great plot line.
 Great book. The characters are well developed and interesting. Pratt does a great job of adding twists that keep the reader trying to figure out the real story.  I recommend this book.
 Fast-paced legal fiction that actually comports with this transactional lawyer's perhaps rudimentary understanding of criminal law.
 This may not be a classic but it was fun to read with just enough twists to keep it interesting.
 a few technical mistakes but overall a good enough read to order up the the next joe dillard story.
 Really enjoyed.  Beautifully written.  Couldn't put down.  Will read the remains books in this series.
 Loved it, will get next book in this series.
 I don't read a lot of legal thrillers but I have read several Grisham novels and some others. This was an excellent and entertaining book that holds its own with any of them! It reads very well and the characters were all believable, if a bit sad. The plot was interesting and kept the book moving along at a great pace. It paints a pretty poor picture of the American justice system. The lawyers and investigators are perfectly willing to sacrifice justice as long as they win the case and the judges act like spoiled children and petty tyrants in their courtrooms. I would like to hope that it is an inaccurate representation but knowing human nature it is probably not too far from the truth. This was a great read and I am moving on to number two in the series!
 Pratt tells a good story. Dillard is a good character that struggles with good and evil through his own personal life and with his clients actions. I will definitely read on with the next Dillard saga.
 First read of Mr Pratt's books. I thoroughly enjoyed it and can't wait to read the rest of his series. I was completely invested in the plot and characters. Scenes and characters were meticulously developed which gives the reader insight into each person's motivations and actions.  Well done!
 Scott Pratt had been added to my favorite authors list!  I can't wait to read the second book in the Joe Dillard series!
 Great read.  A look into the life of a defense attorney who begins to question his career and his life.  The ending is a total surprise.
 nice
 I just tarted reading this author a week ago and am now on the fourth book of this series.  He is a good writer and his storylines work.  I definitely recommend this series.
 I have been looking for a new author&amp; An Innocent Client kept me reading, I didn't want to put the book down. I was so happy to see that there are sill several Joe Dillard series to read, &amp; as soon as I finished Book 1 I bought book 2 &amp; that one I couldn't read when I was alone as it had some scary things going on &amp; today I just bought book 3.
 Kept me wanting to read the next page which is what makes a book good.
 This is my first experience with a Joe Dillard book and I am hooked!  I am so glad to know that there are more!
 I love it. You should read this great book it keeps you entertained for hours.. Thank you Scott can't wait to read #2
 I liked the plot. I related to the setting in the book, as I live near Knoxville Tennessee. Good ending, sets up for a sequel.
 Great story, good writing, interesting characters.  I was looking for a new legal series and this fit the bill.  Pratt introduces some very interesting characters in his first book and it was fun getting to know them.
 Great read for the first book in a series. Develops the characters very well and keeps you intrigued.
 I'm looking forward to the next book in this series. The writing is superb and the ending was a perfect surprise.
 The story moved along quickly with turns unanticipated . A bit graphic at times, but necessary to tell  the story.
 It was an Okay book with a decent storyline, however if it is action you seek you will be disappointed.  I don't think I will continue this series.
 I'm in love
 The plot starts a little slowly as does the drawing of the characters, but once it picks up...Whatta ride.<br/>It runs the gambit of humanity.
 Great book --kept you guessing until the very end.. Main character is interesting and vulnerable I would recommend this book to anyone that enjoys an easy read
 An interesting case with many twists and turns.  An attorney who struggles with the law and real justice.  A good read.
 This is your typical lawyer book<br/>The one where they the lawyer is always the smartest<br/>And wins all<br/>But It's generally good
 This is a must read. Every time I thought I had it figured out I was wrong so that made the story even better so now I am going to read book 2 which is  "In Good Faith" and looking forward to it. GAB
 Great read! I seriously enjoyed this book and look forward to book 2. Anybody who likes Lincoln Lawyer will enjoy this! Actually, anybody who likes to read will enjoy this!
 Fun and entertaining.  I really enjoyed the suspense and the humor in the book.  I am looking forward to reading more of his books.
 This was the first I’d heard about this author and this book was fantastic! I would recommend this to anyone.
 Very well written drama, and I'm looking forward to reading the next one.
 It was O.K. I enjoyed it.
 Loved this author.  This was the first book I read and have already ordered the rest in the series.
 I enjoyed the book and will continue the series. Very happy to have found a new author. Great to have found this at this time.
 As a lawyer who has defended a few criminal cases in my time, its great to see a legal thriller like this that gets so much right. This is a solid procedural with a good pace and an interesting case and it gets the practice of law mostly right, which is refreshing. I think i might have gone for a mistrial after the da's opening statement but thats maybe a matter pf style more than substance. honestly the thing i found most difficult to believe was the criminal defense attorney who is so conflicted about helping criminals walk that he is out to leave the business. That animal, if he exists, is awfully rare in my experience, and its the only reason this book loses a star because i just didn't buy that joe would have such a lack of nuance in his assessment of his clients, particularly considering how frank the book is about the flaws in the investigatory apparatus embodied in detective landers. Ill certainly be reading the rest of this series and looking forward to more from this author who is proving that self published fiction can be as good as or better than the stuff coming out of the major houses,
 I could not put down this e-book. Scott Pratt has written a winner.
 Love his books. So exciting!
 Good reading
 I will definitely read all your books. It’s a switch from the same old thing in other books. I am going to order next one now
 Some interesting twists.  Pratt writing is smooth.  Characters are clear and, like most of us, not just one thing.
 Good book, easy quick read
 Good book!
 This is the first book in the Joe Dilliard series.  Outstanding story and the first in this great series.
 This is the first Scott Pratt novel I have read. I love lawyer novels. This one develops slowly but then builds up to a surprise and satisfactory ending. The characters, especially the main character, are well developed. I also found the last part of the book emotional.
 I loved this book,especially the unexpected ending it made me chuckle. It kept me in in suspense all the way through. I'll definitely look for more stories from Scott Pratt.
 The book had me laughing out loud in an airplane.  Good tension and family drama .  I enjoyed the  read.
 I absolutely loved The book, did not mind at all the legal jargon, quite the oposite. It had so many  twists and turns that I could not put it down. The main character grew on me. I will definetly read more books by Scott Pratt, I hope They are as good as this one.
 I loooooooooooove these Joe Dillard stories.  They are well-written and fast paced.  Great mysteries.
 Fun read!  Things moved along briskly and it contained all of the elements, religion, sex, family relations, drugs,to really entice the reader. The ending was superb!  Very nice twist!  Highly recommended
 I love Pratt’s books on Dillard. I am only on book 4, but I breeze through each one because of hooked I get. I HIGHLY recommend the series. Netflix should also consider making this series into a show!!
 An interesting book.
 One of the better books I've read. Will likely read all the books in the series. I loved all the characters.
 Gave this book as a gift to my son he didn't put it down love it
 I enjoyed this book. I had never read this author before and found his writing was very good.
 Will definitely hold your interest from beginning to end
 Still a continuing saga of English detective.  Anxious to read remaining books in series.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book.  Different from a lot of others but very good reading.  I'll look forward to his others
 Great read.
 Scott Pratt captures the charm of a small town politics in Tennessee in this murder mystery  novel.,  He uses humor throughout his novel to  through the eyes of the public defender in  the novel.  This  tongue-in-cheek  is lawyer looking for at least one innocent client to defend .before  he retires. Could this be possible?
 Great story.  Can't wait to read some more "JoeDillard" stories.<br/>Fast paced.
 Good, quick read.
 Good story. Good characters. I give it a thumbs up as an enjoyable read. Also, I bought book two while reading this one.
 This is a well written book with so many twists and turns.  A good cast of characters that show the many layers every person possesses.
 This book has a bit of everything you're looking for in a legal tale - with honest characters and real situations. I feel like the author knows what he's talking about when it comes to the legal and justice systems. But most of all I enjoyed the story telling.
 Brilliant writing, gripping and very feasible plot. Difficult to put the book down. Just when you think you have it all figured out, you realize that you don't! I am looking forward to reading the other books in the Joe Dillard Series.
 I have no idea why I chose this book but I'm glad I did.  So much so that I have already purchased the next two books in the series.  I could not put this book down.  I was consumed.  Great book!
 Really did enjoy this book.  I will read more from Scott Pratt.
 I couldn't put my Kindle  down once I read a couple of chapters.  I'm the same firm as Scott Thouroh.
 I couldn't put it down. Its Grisham  with more humor. Just ordered book 2... Thanks Scott. You did a great job.
 This book had a great plot, characters, and turns. I simply did not want to put it down, stayed up way late to finish and was not disappointed. Excellent book.
 Great book, engaging well rounded characters. Good story line. Listened to it while driving.
 The characters are likeable along with a good story line. Easy to read and held my interest.  I was sorry for it to end.
 I enjoyed reading this book and appreciated the characters and story plot. I will definitely be reading more in the Joe Dillard series.
 Enjoyed the story and the characters.  Refreshing to see a solid marriage that worked even in a crisis
 Totally enjoyable read.  First book I've read by Scott Pratt, but want to read more.
 One of the best books I've read in a long time. Suspenseful, funny and kept me guessing. Can't wait to read the rest of the series.
 Great book... couldn't put it down.  Would definitely recommend.
 Well written and fun. This is the first and only book I've ever read that made me feel the emotions of two of the leading characters (Dillard and his sister) so deeply that it made me teary eyed. Looking forward to more books from this talented author.
 kept my interest the whole time.  I would like periodic reminders of the name of the book I am reading
 A few typos, (I'm an English teacher.) but other than that, it was a real page turner.  I also learned some little known American/Florida history.
 I  always enjoy finding a new to me author, here he is. I’m sure you will find the same is true
 I enjoyed the characters &amp; the writing style a lot. I liked it enough to buy the 5 book box set.
 A good read with interesting characters - some even likable - good guys and bad.  Looking forward to reading more from this author.
 I was pleasantly surprised to find such a great book for 99 cents, it was every bit as good as the full-price books by authors like Grisham, Sandford, Ace Atkins, or Michael Connely.  This book was hard to put down and in fact I had to stay up late one night to finish it.  I plan to read all the books in this series.
 I truly enjoyed this fast paced book which h I couldn't put down. I recommend this too all who love legal thrillers.
 I love a story with surprises that are not predictable. I also like characters you can relate to so I was not disappointed.
 I needed a good read to get me past some "highly" recommended books. (Ugh!) this just hit the spot, some lawyer stuff, some mystery stuff, bad judges and wonderful characters. This was a lot of fun.
 I thought the book was great.  I liked the pace of the story and it's main characters. Very good ending also.  Recommend this book for the twist of the characters backgrounds
 The author keeps you enthralled in his first person telling of a death-penalty case. Mystery and intensity. What more could you ask for?
 An Innocent Client is fun and real.  Full of good hearts and the ethically challenged. I'm heading for Book 2 and hope it's equally entertaining.
 This story was exciting, very realistic and has several characters that are quite interesting and believable.  The plot has some great twists.  It is a real page-turner.
 Well written, great way to escape real life for a while. I even learned new things about our "justice" system.
 First time I read this author. Thoroughly enjoyed all the legal wheeling and dealing.  Going to read the next in the series
 This was a very well written book.  I generally like John Grisham type books and this falls right into that category.  I didn't want to put it down. Can't wait to start book 2, of this series.  Thank you Scott, keep up the good work.
 I really enjoyed this book. I look forward to reading more. What a great storyteller! Also loved the characters. I recommend this book.
 Keeps you interested. Moves right along . Much better than most.
 Very well written. Stayed with believable events and not dream people. Stayed down to earth and believable.
 Character development is awesome!  As good as Connelly!  Kind of like Lincoln Lawyer part 2!  I'm on the book two.
 Keeps you interested and keeps you reading until it ends. Really enjoyed it. I will read another Joe Dillard book.
 I like the story from beginning to the end,the characters,the ending ….  Already missed lunch and dinner for hours of reading !
 Very enjoyable read... good storyline which avoids all the clichés.
 good story idea but not well written. At times it drags and can be depressing (the main character is not happy). Some good surprising twists.
 A good read, with an ending that made me smile. A good legal thriller! I'll definitely Italy read more by this author.
 Nice read.  Good for the beach.
 I am on his 8th book, will probably go into withdrawals for more.  Can't say when I have enjoyed a new author more.  Fantastic reading.
 A great, quick, little read. Worth the time and the money
 A real page turner.  Definitely held my interest and provides insight on what a defensive attorney goes through when defending an accused of a serious crime.
 Good book.  Kept me interested for the entire book.
 This book was a good read . It was not too gory but seemed real. Would read more of this series.
 Started reading slightly reluctant as always: a new author, a new main character. But then it became a real page-turner. Smooth style, good plot, no real flaws. Can only recommend
 It had a good Storyline, that unfolded at a good pace.
 I liked this well enough to want to read the subsequent novels in this series
 Legal mystery/thriller that kept my interest to the end. I enjoyed it and finished it in a couple of days.
 Good story,  lawyer works hated to clients out of prison &amp; family happy and healthy.  You will not want to stop reading.
 Typical story line and plot. Glad it was discounted. Might try another in the series to see if Scott has matured as a writer since this was his first.
 Great writer...I really enjoy the character development in his books. I am already on Book 3!
 Excellent, we’ll written book.
 Best new author I have found in a long time! Loved this book and just downloaded his second in the series......I'm sure I will work my way through all of them!<br/>Very Grisham like.....but with more psychological twists. Excellent read!!
 Really good read. I live close to the area which is of added interest.
 Fast and fun read. Great characters and colorful story. Can't wait for #2 and the rest of the series and have ordered two more!
 This was, for me, a definite page turner.  I am so glad to find this author.  I am looking forward to reading the rest of the books in this series
 good book
 I enjoyed this book. Scott makes unlikable characters.likeabe. very interesting plot. Will recommend to my mystery loving friends to enjoy.
 I really enjoyed this book.  The characters were believable.<br/>I'm going to buy the rest of the Joe Dillard series.
 good fast read.
 A really good read many angles to contend with.
 Good writing, and a believable and unexpected twist at the end. Some really likeable characters that we come to care about.
 Fast and interesting read. I love the cynical main character. Fans of Harry Bosch will love this book.
 Been a long time since a book has kept my interest all the way through. Fast paced fun book to read.
 An Innocent Client was a  great book. I really related to the characters and the story line keeps you guessing. I am anxious to read the other books in the series.
 Loved it! Have already decided to read the rest of Scott Pratt's books. I found it very enjoyable and interesting
 This was a very good read some of the details were a little off color but overall I did enjoy this book
 Mr. Pratt is my new favorite author. Book is literally a page turner and full of suspense.
 Fun to read.  Very well developed and a fantastically satisfying ending.  I'm looking forward to reading the 2nd book in the series to see if it equals this one.
 I love surprise endings.  This book not only had a surprise ending,  It had surprises all the way through it.
 Smooth language.  Liked the characters. Found intriguing lawyer with trials of his own. Read in one day whIch meant that very attention gathering which only put me to sleep once, hence the three stars. But I'll read more of the author's books.
 A little longer than I like, a lot of players(people) to keep up with BUT I really enjoyed it and I definitely would recommend it.
 A surprise find in a writer I had not read before
 If this is Mr. Pratt's first book, he is off and running on a great career.  As soon as I finish this review I will be searching for (Joe Dillard Series Book 2)
 This is a well written book! A great story with depth to the characters - you'll love some and hate some of the characters. I highly recommend this book.
 I love these Joe Dillard books! Complex, real-life characters, suspense, villains, heroes, action, intrigue and everything else a good story should have! Can't wait to read the next one!
 Believable characters and nice twists throughout - right up to the surprise conclusion - good light read - thanks Scott
 Another great Joe Dillard novel.
 I could not put this book. Great read😏
 I liked how Scott kept the book flowing and I didn't want to put it down.  Scott always kept you wondering what was happening next. Clever names for the story line.
 Lots of twists and turns. It was recommended to me..and now me to you.  The real world, sorry to say. I enjoyed it.
 As a writer I don't need nineteen more words to say Scott is a great writer. All his books I have read are great.
 Good story good flow nicely written I recommend this book. Author does an excellent job telling the story in this book.
 GRE
 I enjoyed reading this.  I looked forward to reading before I went to sleep.
 Great book with many twists. A number of surprises that kept me reading every chance I got. Looking forward to starting Book 2 this weekend.
 What a great book, hard to put down. Would recommend to anyone who likes murder and lawyer mystery.
 Interesting twist as to who the innocent client was.
 I decided to give this author a try after reading the reviews. It was as advertised. Great book! I can't wait to continue the series with book two.
 I enjoyed the 1st book in the series so much I read it in 2 days. I bought the next 3 in the series to have for vacation and read them as well.  You can put them down, the stories are so engaging and the suspense of the next turn of the page keep me up late not wanting to stop till its over.
 Good first person voice and edgy lawyer/ client plot line.  Worth the Kindle buy if that's your genre.
 Scott Pratt does a reasonably good impression of a young John Grisham. I'm interested if his 2nd book is as good as his first.
 I had to give this book five stars, written well couldn't put it down.<br/>Looking forward to the rest of the series love the character he's my<br/>Kind guy.
 Scott Pratt's writing style is such that your attention is held until the last page of the book.  His unpredictable ending contributed to a high degree.  I do look forward to reading all of h is works.
 This review is really about the entire Joe Dillard series (six books as of this writing).  I got the first book for free in a promotion, and most books I get that way are not very good.  This book was a wonderful exception.  I ended up buying the remaining five and thoroughly enjoying them.  It's hard to put your finger on what makes a book work, but Scott Pratt has a pretty good handle on it.  Believable multi-dimensional characters, natural dialog, plots that make sense, characters that behave in way consistent with their characters, and a good handful of supporting characters.  This series has all of that.  Every one of these six books was really, really enjoyable.<br/><br/>I gave this four stars instead of five because it seems like five stars ought to be the absolute best of the genre.  To me the aces of this style of writing -- the art of doing a long series I mean -- are Bill Pronzini and Archer Mayor.  I don't consider Scott Pratt *quite* on that level but he's close and I think he could develop into that as he continues honing his craft.<br/><br/>My only complaint (and suggestion to the author!) is that there's so much material in each of these books, I don't know many how more books the author could create with these characters.  Each book has the main character working on three or four cases, having major developments in his family, and changing jobs.  In the course of six books he went from defense attorney to prosecutor to DA to defense attorney.  It's all wonderful rich stuff but I really do think the content in these six volumes could have been developed in 12 to 18 volumes instead, spending even more time fleshing out the characters, and really creating deep relationships between the characters and the readers.  Some of the cases that the main characters works on end up being throwaways but are interesting enough material they could be fleshed out and made the main case in a separate book.<br/><br/>But overall, very good stuff, thoroughly enjoyable reads, and well worth the price of each of these books.
 It was well written. It had just enough twists to keep it interesting, but not so many as to make it unrealistic.  I will definitely read the next book in this series.
 For those of my generation this is Perry Mason with a personality! I have waited to write this review until I finished the entire series which at this point includes volume 7. Each volume is a great read. Each volume develops characters quickly and the suspense is often over-whelming.<br/>I hope there is another volume coming.<br/>Note to Author: How about as Joe retires early as his wife fades away, Jack picks up the mantle and Joe comes out of his misery at the loss of his  wife by mentoring and consulting for Jack and Charlie. The series is too good to let go.<br/>Note to Amazon: There should be a different review process for books that are part of a series. For example, with 299 days the first four books were fantastic but the last several were a waste of time. Reviewing the entire series at one time would be helpful. As an aspiring independent author who has  2 volumes of a series, I would like my series rated as a whole.<br/>Final comment. I would buy works in this series rather than spend the money on a book by Grisham.
 I was delightfully surprised with this book. It was nicely paced, and had quite interesting characters. I enjoyed the twists and turns of the plot, and am looking forwards to reading the series.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It's the first time I have read Scott Pratt but have downloaded the 2nd and 3rd book of this series
 Good read
 This was a wonderfully written potrayal of humans weaknesses, courtroom drama, and interpersonal relationships.  I loved it!<br/>Can't wait for more!
 A good plot, smoothly developed with a strong ending.
 Fun story, but mediocre writing
 Scott Pratt created a spellbinding tale that kept me in suspense until the very end.  Just was totally unprepared when the innocent client was finally revealed. Not even in my wildest imagination did i ever think it!
 Apparently the authors first self published novel. It is well written with great characters and a good story. Hard to believe a publisher didn't pick this up - but maybe he is better off without one. We have purchased all of his books and the quality hasn't dropped off a bit.
 It was a great book and an easy read.  Love the characters and their imperfections, especially the relationship between Erlene and Joe Dillard.  Jim Lowell
 Good book but a little bit over complicated and seemed to be padded to make it longer than necessary. The title is somewhat misleading but is enjoyable reading. Would like to find other titles by this author.
 This book got me very involved in all the twists and turns but kept from being too bogged down with a lot of lawyer talk. I truly enjoyed it.
 Scott Pratt learned a great deal after he got out of Michigan. He could be declared a sure 'nuff red neck with his depiction of the strip joint lady owner. Congratulations from an Alabamian!
 It was a fast read and without any slow boring spots. I like his style. Easy to follow. Had some good twists and surprises. I definitely recommend this book.
 A humane believable main character with an interesting cast.  The plot is brilliantly constructed, I couldn't put it down.  More twists than I anticipated but a very satisfying conclusion!
 A pretty good foundation for a legal thriller series​.
 I'm not much of a literary critic, but I do read a fair amount.  I really enjoyed this book, and I plan on reading more of the series.  Nice job, Scott !
 I found An Innocent Client very good, interesting revealing, and a good read.
 Great characters, great story, plenty of excitement...once I,d started, gave up the day until I,d finished it. Looking forward to reading his next one.
 It was okay, but I had hoped it would be better.
 This is a great first effort. Most of the characters ring true, and the story is entertaining and gripping. One character isn't written well, otherwise I would have given 5 stars. I also just finished Pratts second and third books, enjoyed them very much. All characters were well written. Enjoy!
 WOW, this is really good!!!  It has twists and turns you will not see coming, and when you think you know what is going to happen it doesn't, something surprising happens instead.  This has a great cast of characters.<br/>I love Joe Dillard, he is one great guy, he is a defense attorney who is hated by most and been thru allot, but he is strong and can kick butt when it's needed, and he loves his wife Caroline.<br/>There is no bad language or sex in this book, just a great story about a preacher gone bad who steals the churches money and uses it at a strip club, he ends up dead in his motel room with his private cut off.<br/><br/>I love this style of writing, it keeps my interest from beginning to end and I never wanted to skim pages or miss a single thing, it is that good.<br/><br/>I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS TO ALL READERS WHO LOVE MURDER MYSTERIES.<br/>Happy reading Ya'll...........
 I’m usually skeptical about self-published books but my sister recommended this author so I tried his first book and it was great! Buying the next in the series now.
 This book was just okay, nothing great, sometimes boring but I finished it.
 I loved it. The characters are fantastic!<br/>The story is sharp, sad, buzzy and well written. You won’t be disappointed!
 Great story. Pratt is down to earth, realistic, and a good read. Looking forward to book two in the series.
 This story makes you laugh til you cry and breaks your heart.  Wonderful storyteller.  My new favorite author.  Can’t wait for more.
 I live and work in the area Scott Pratt writes about.... Johnson City TN.  I recognize landmarks, businesses and have a mental picture of the places and people he writes about.  Keep them coming Scott because I love your writing style, characters and storylines.
 This is a fast paced novel with a wide variety of characters. It is very easy to follow, but has some surprises. I will order the next one.
 I couldn't put it down. It was fast paced and easy to read. This is the first book I've read from this author,  but it won't be the last!
 The writing was a bit childish and the syntax was not enjoyable to read
 Loved it - hard to put down - very well written
 I enjoyed this book so much that I purchased the rest of the series.  It was a fun easy read!
 Great plot.  Legal thriller with a perfect blend of legal maneuvering, emotional self reflection, a little bit of terror ,  compassion, humor and a reality check all rolled into one!  Can't wait to read the next book to see how Joe's life evolves.
 Great for a rainy day. Kept my interest on every page.
 This was the first time I had read anything by Scott Pratt. Having worked in the court system, I found the characters believable and the content factual. It was clear from the start the author had some kind of background in the Justice System, or he did a thorough investigation into it. The storyline was enjoyable, and I identified with each one of the characters. I wouldn't exactly call it a thriller, but I looked forward to reading it because there weren't a lot of complicated story lines that didn't need to be a part of the story, something I find very irritating in other books by other authors. Also Annoying with other authors is incorrect use of the English language and poor editing. That was NOT the case in this book. It flowed beautifully. The only thing I was a bit disappointed with was the fact that "An Innocent Client" doesn't enter until the end. The rest of the story is about Dillard's other clients, his sister, family....all interesting, but not the innocent client, which I expected to be reading about before the conclusion. Still, I would recommend this book highly, and I look forward to reading the next one in the series.
 Good story line.  A bit funny in some parts. Good reading
 I don't give out many five-star reviews but Scott Pratt's first book in the Joe Dillard series was a fantastic read. Too many attorney-centered novels pander to the stereotypes of the lawyer, victim and law enforcement. Pratt took these characters and made them into real people with real (read: not evil) intentions. And while there are some of the familiar plot devices — a district attorney looking for a quick conviction because he's up for reelection — the author works them in such a way that they aren't insulting to the reader.<br/><br/>An Innocent Client wasn't a suspense-filled page-turner but I'm not always looking for that. This was a thoughtfully crafted look at an attorney who is sick of his life's work and questioning the decisions that led him there. He has a junky sister with a tragic background and occasionally snaps at his wife when he gets stressed out. It made for a flawed but magnetic character. I can't wait to read the next installments in the series.
 Enjoyed the unexpected twists and turns.  I will be reading more from this author!
 Great book can't wait to read the other books in the series
 I read the third book of this series first. I was so impressed with it that I had to go find the first ,second, and all the rest. I really enjoy the characters and the plots.
 Very good book. I enjoyed the characters and the story. I would definitely read another book written by this author.This book was easy to read and well written.
 Great book, very satisfied with the author. I was looking for a new author similar to John Grisham and now I have found him. Looking forward to reading the rest of the books in this series.
 Really enjoyed the book and it is a page turner wondering what will happen next.  Enjoyed the twists and turns and a very interesting ending.  Great job and look forward to reading another book by this author.
 I enjoyed this book. It was well written and I loved the twist at the end.
 Very well written. I liked it a lot.
 This was my first independently published read. I was pleasantly surprised. The protagonist was characterized well, and the end was not immediately predictable. One minor flaw: I thought the angle of the "self righteous religious zealots" was sometimes over the top.
 Well written - couldn't put the book down. I highly recommend it. Now, on to book #2!
 What a treat to read a great book without all the vulgarity.  I liked the different characters and how the plot was strong till the end.
 Pretty good for the first in the series
 It was a good read. Main character is very likable. Plot was a little predictable but over all I enjoyed it.<br/><br/>Just purchased book 2!
 This was a really good book. The characters and the plot were great. I definitely will read more books from this Author!
 Neatly arranged from various points of view, this rather light procedural keeps you guessing until the last page, when you may laugh out loud. Even the gross details are seen humorously. Warning: a terwilliger makes an appearance.
 Really Fun Series.  Easy Reading, interesting plot and well developed characters.
 good overview of the criminal legal system including legal trial procedure and the interface between prosecutors and the police as well judges
 I recommend the entire series.  I enjoyed all the characters, the story lines, the plot twists - excellent reads!
 Set in Eastern Tennessee, the story takes you into interesting turns and twists. Wanted a book to read at the beach to clear my head and relax.  Success!
 I enjoyed this book so much that I purchased the next one in this series.
 Twists and turns, false leads,  a flawed but lovable hero=a fun read. I am ready for more of Joe Dillard.
 Gripping page turner with twists throughout.  Fun book
 Scott Pratt's Joe Dillard series are well written legal thrillers
 Needed to build out the characters in more depth. Some of the storyline didn't make sense. Easy read. would be interested in following the main character
 This book was well written  and kept my interest throughout the whole story. Looking foreword  more in the series of Dillard.
 Loved the storyline. Quite the page turner.<br/>I'll buy more of Pratt
 It's my first time reading Scott Pratt's books<br/>  I really enjoyed it and am anxious in reading the whole series.
 Loved it. Likeable characters you want to get to know better.  Will definitely read the next in the series. Read it..you will enjoy.
 Good book.  I think I Will read all of the Joe Dillard Series.
 Loved this book .. Ordered the next one in the series .. Reading it now ..
 It's rare that a book grabs hold in the first chapter, but this one did and never let up. I want to read more in the Joe Dillard story line. Great book!
 Scott Pratt has a way of taking you on a ride that astounds you. I love that I could not figure out his next step, rarely does that happen. So many mysteries reflect each other. This is in a league of its own.
 Very enjoyable and surprise ending.  I will likely read the entire series.  Hope Joe gets over his depression and realizes all the good things in his life.
 Don't usually read books on  courtroom law and procedure but really enjoyed this book.  It was well written and moved along nicely.  Can't wait to read the next in the series
 I couldn't put "An Innocent Client" down - I liked it so much, I immediately purchased the rest of the books in the Joe Dillard series.
 It was very well written and kept my interest through the entire book.
 Had my attention throughout and really got me at the end! Great read. Look forward to authors next one soon
 A cleverly written legal story. The characters feel real and you care about them.  I thought it was well written and thoroughly enjoyable .
 I like most everything’s it the Joe Dillard series except the dog abuse. Enough already, a real turn off
 I thought I would try a new author and I found this book was just what I was looking for. I look forward to many more in this series. Enjoy
 For anyone who enjoys twisted legal plots this is a great read!  I chose this book because  I like stories about the twists and turns of legal defense and it keeps you guessing till the end.
 Good writing style; makes u want to know what is going to happen!  Well developed characters and some twists and turns!!
 I recommend this book to everyone that's interested in fast paced murder and trial stories. Looking forward to book 2☺
 I enjoyed this book more than I thought I would. The characters are engaging and the plot kept me guessing. I would recommend it for an entertaining summer read.
 Enjoyed,was a nice change from some other books late I had read.Im planning on reading the next one right now.
 Good read. I actually read it a while ago. Found myself reading it again. Was good both times.  I recommend it
 It is an Imaginative story with likable characters. There were different story lines that integrated well with the main premise. Maintained suspense throughout and is a page turner.
 Engrossing leagal novel.  Easy to read with nice plot twists.
 A story filled with the right measure of adventure, tension, drama and courtroom twists. Fun to read during the holidays.
 I enjoyed this and had trouble putting it down. I am Looking forward to reading the next from this author.
 good story.  You could guess where it was going, but you would be wrong.
 I love legal thrillers and can generally work out what happened half way through. I could not put this book down until the last page. It was thoroughly entertaining.
 Love this book I enjoyed the complete story line and the way he handled the case
 Very good story ! Fast paced and held my attention  until the end.<br/>Well written. Author brings characters to life. Recommend for all readers
 I enjoyed listening to this book, so much so, I am now listening to book 2 in the series.
 Mr Praitt writes like some of the past good writers.  Good read, enjoyable book, good Characters.
 This book built up my interest more with each chapter until I had to sit down and finish it. I will be anxious to read further adventures with Joe Dillard.
 I really enjoyed this book It had mystery intrigue suspence and love.what more could you ask for. Also had some humour.cry
 Got my attention with the first couple of pages and held it all the way through to the exciting conclusion.
 After reading one of his books, I bought another. I now have seven! He's such a good writer who keeps you wondering what will happen next and keeps several threads of the story easy to follow.
 Well written, lots of intrigue.  The book kept me wanting to continue reading into the night.  Reveals lots about our justice system...if you believe it all.
 Great to the very end!  I tried not to read it.  I didnt want bad things to happen to people I liked.  But I kept reading and loved it!
 This book is character rich with a devilish good story. Some are the type of characters that you would secretly wish you had as friends.<br/><br/>I just found out about this author, but now I'm going to read the series
 I could not put it down. It was a little boring in beginning but what a story
 Great story.  I am reading book 2 currently-- another good read!
 RJ: a good read.
 I would recommend this book to my family and friends.  It was well written.I may read another of his books
 Could not predict the ending which is great. The emotions of a defense lawyer was also very interesting.<br/>Will definitely read more as the series develops.
 First book I've read from this author, but it won't be the last.  Wonderful characters that were portrayed so well that I could picture ever one of them as real!  I highly recommend!!!!!
 Scott Pratt is a must read author!  An Innocent Client is the first of many now on my list of books to read.
 I really enjoyed this book.....easy reading. I just ordered the Joe Dillard series on Kindle.
 Intriguing and fast moving --enjoyable
 Love this series of books! Great characters. Fast easy read.
 great books. Couldn't wait to read the next one. Well written and full of suspense. Have read all 7 now, but I'm hoping there will be a 8th. He can't just leave the story there. Please, let there be an 8th.
 A good mystery story with a surprise ending. Start of a good series.
 Good read. Fast pace, kept my interest.
 Nothing special to report here- A good beach read though- standard writing and interesting enough to keep me awake and finish
 Really enjoyed this book.  Kept you reading.
 Love this book first time reading Scott Pratt .
 I really enjoyed reading "An Innocent Client" for the most part.<br/><br/>The Pros: very good characterization, fast paced story, great editing (no major typos noticed), and although some characters were involved in the sex/skin trade, no detailed and awkward sex scenes are described in this book.<br/><br/>Cons: the main character is very anti-religious and anti-Christian. The religious persons within this story are all portrayed as fanatics, mentally unstable, and/or very hypocritical. I know many who call themselves Christians are like that, so although I'm offended at this portrayal, I can accept it as being part of this story. I'll be reading more by this author, but I'm hoping they aren't all anti-christian.
 awesome series!!!
 This was a great book! Kept you on the edge the whole time was a great turn of events! I highly recommend
 This novel had everything from murders, prostitution, love, and hate.  The main character and his family, were captivating my interest throughout the book.  I'm looking forward to the next novel in this fascinating series!
 A page turner, went past my bedtime every night, darn it!<br/>A must read for who dunnit lovers. Brilliant writing.
 A small world view car a bit gutted r not quite sure coupon ad space get home delivery by ddd
 A Good quick read with interesting characters.  I would recommend for  a light quick read over the summer.  I'm going to try book two in the series.
 This book got me hooked to Joe Dillard that I had to read every single one of them.
 Book is entertaining but its not going to be something you cant put down or are anxious to finish.
 Great book.  Captivating from beginning to the end.  Can't wait to start reading Scott Pratt's next book in the series!!!
 Easy read, entertaining. I related a lot to Joe. Loved the way he was played by the old woman. I'm looking forward to reading the next in the series.
 I wasn't familiar with this author prior to this book. This was a pretty good legal thriller. The plot was twisty enough to keep me interested and the characters well-developed. Liked it 👍🏼
 Great story line, love the characters .
 I really enjoyed reading this book. The story is very well written<br/>and it was hard to put it down. Can't wait to read more by this author.
 enjoyed
 Thank you! Fast delivery. Great buy.
 Couldn't put it down.  The characters were very realistic... I will read more of this series and look forward to more Joe Dillard cases.
 First time I have read Scott Pratt's books and enjoyed his style of writing.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book, and for several reasons. First of all, I liked Scott Pratt's style of writing. I read while my sweet wife watches TV during our evening hours. I read this one in two nights! It was a page turner for me. The method used for creating characters made come alive, and real. I enjoy reading about lawyers, their courtroom experiences, and the stories leading up to court day. As an un-published Author, I can appreciate how crafty one must be to write this type thing without profanity. We all know how people who have a problem expressing themselves actually speak, but most of us can read between the lines without it being put into print every other word! Kudos to you Scott.<br/><br/>An added interest in this particular book is, that a few years ago I rode my Harley over lots of the countryside mentioned here. It seemed to make it more interesting for me.
 Joe Dillard is a very likeable attorney, and family man. Interestingly plot, a few sub plots, and not really sure h o w it was going to end.  But story kept your interest and I would recommend it.
 This is a fast read and a good story. My first book by this author but I will read more
 I couldn't put the book down once I started reading it. It was a serious subject but he put just enough humor in it.  I really enjoyed reading it!
 I find Scott Pratt's books gripping from the beginning
 Excellent read...very well written and suspenseful!
 I am so glad I found this author. Wonderfully written and sympathetic and believable charracters. The story grabs you from the start.
 I enjoy trial stories and this was no disappointment. My second Scott Pratt book--I'm becoming a huge fan! Can't wait to read my third!
 Entertaining
 Enjoyable reading after this book (my first) by Scott Pratt.
 First time reading this author.  Good read!!!
 really enjoyed this first book of his
 Another great book from an author I had not read before.  Am reading more.
 A very clever and enjoyable book to read. Joe Dillard is a great character. I look forward to reading more of the series
 This was very enjoyable. I've purchased the next in the series!
 First book from this author, would try others
 Another great author and book. Will follow this author.
 Really good read, real twist in the tale. Even criminal lawyers may enjoy this book. Tight plot, interesting end. Go for it
 o.k.
 I particularly enjoyed the rich character development and great cast of characters...a truly believable story with many twists and turns.
 First time reading something by this author. Really enjoyed. Great read. Looking forward to reading more of his stories.
 An easy read that let me focus on the book and not work
 Kept my attention to the end.  I'm reading the next book and am having a very hard time putting it down.  Sure hope Caroline beats the cancer.
 I got involved in the story and finished the book in one day.
 Interesting book
 Really like this book. Very well written, easy to read and follow all characters. Can't wait to read all the other books by this author. Highly recommend.
 A good read. I enjoyed it. suspenseful.
 Really enjoyed this book and as always, Pratt develops interesting characters and a plot with twists and turns so you don't want to put it down.
 Surprise ending.  Fast moving story. Will read more books in the series. Nice characters and a very interesting setting in Tennessee
 This is a well-written, easy-to-read book. It very well portrays the ugly under- belly of the "best" justice system in the world. Thanks for the inside scoop.
 Well written. Entertaining. Will read more from this author!
 This book is an easy read, with a plot that keeps you guessing. Right until the last paragraph. I enjoyed the book and will read others that are written by the author.
 Fabulous read.  If you like John Grisham, James Patterson, Lee Child, John Sanford, etc.  you will love Scott Pratt.  I literally read this book while traveling today and could not put it down.
 Great twist and turns .  Keeps you guessing to the end.  Really enjoyed reading and will definitely read more by Scott Pratt.
 Wow. What a great book.  Couldn't put it down.  I will read everything this author writes.  He is another John Grisham- no, actually better.
 Scott Pratt is in the same league as John Grisham.  He makes you feel the emotions that Joe Dillard feels when one believes that, justice has not been completed.
 I am new to 'Joe Dillard' and Scott Pratt and am hooked.  have read #1 and 2 and ordering #3.<br/>Sometimes it seems too much for one man to handle...but it all works out.<br/>a very good read!
 Well written book. Enjoyable easy read.
 Nicely told story.  Very interesting characters. Plot hasmany interesting twists. Story moves fast
 Human hero, great characters, terrific plot.  Well written and entertaining.  I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who likes Grisham, Turow and such.
 Fell in love with Joe Dillard character.  Great story.  Have added remaining in series to my wish list and am starting #2
 Interesting, ágiles, funny, good story, yes  I recommend it.  You cannot stop reading it.  It tells about real trials. Ver y good
 I'm hooked on this series by Scott Pratt.  I love the characters that he puts in the path of attorney Joe Dillard. The story always moves forward and keeps me eager for more.
 Great mystery, couldn’t put it down. It will grab you from start to finish.
 Great read
 Easy to relate to the theme of the story. Could think of similar iinstances  in life that are parallel to the story.
 excellent....suspenseful throughout
 Engrossing story, with a surprise ending!  Who could not enjoy this?
 Couldn't put book down
 Started a little slow but enough surprises, twists and turns to hold interest to the very end. Author does his research and doesn't rely on "gotcha gimmicks." Hard to believe he's self published!
 one to remember!
 An easy, fun read.  Not high intrigue, but a medium interesting ride.
 Always looking for a good new author, and found an exceptional one. Bought this for my Kindle. I've read (seriously) over 6,000 books in 60 years. Many of the very best in this genre, so feel I'm well qualified to say that Mr. Praitt has greatly exceeded my expectations. This morning I began to read another new to me author (The Lou Mason series) and requested Amazon to refund my money. Garbage! I began Scott Praitt and just finished. This same day! I'm so very pleased that just before finishing this book I ordered three more. Feel like the kid in the candy store! My only regret will be that I'll finish all Scott's books before he's able to write more. Dillard is portrayed as human through and through with all the compassion and rage, sadness, joy that one could wish in my protagonists. Keep them coming. You've got me hooked! Your new faithful reader. Joe Hartmann
 Fragmented and in my opinion poorly written
 another good book
 Good story. I'll try more.
 Combine a well-crafted plot with interesting, well-developed characters, a fast pace, and a satisfying ending and you have An Innocent Client. What mor could a reader ask for?
 good reading for a 4 hour trip
 I gave this book a two, because I just couldn't get past the feeling that I was reading two different books. Told the story with the lawyer as the narrator and then a few chapters later, with the Special Agent as the narrator. I Iiked the lawyer and found the Special Agent to be absolutely despicable. The thought of reading more of the book was beyond painful, so I didn't. I'd been able to finish the book, I would probably give it one.
 Like this author, but did not care for the theme of this story.
 I liked the book; characters were interesting and main character very likeable. Ending was different than expected, but interesting. Enjoy!
 I usually figure out "who done it" long before a book is done but not with this one.  Very good story line definitely enjoyed it.
 The Scott Pratt books are all terrific.  I'm starting book 7 and I can't put them down.  What a great writer. I will ask the local library to get them in.
 rather formulaic.
 Great read a little raw with some of the characters but authors story line good  on would recommend to people who like something a bit different.
 I enjoyed the plot changes and story development. Good characters. Keep me turning the pages.  Recommend as a fun read.
 Fast-0paced. Chock full of interesting characters. Kept my interest to the last page. I am glad to have chosen this book!
 This is my first experience with this author. I look forward to reading more of his novels.
 A well crafted story with many twists and turns. well written too with real characters who showed depth, all of which result in a believeable yet unpredictable story.
 The writing was okay but not to be compared with Grisham or Turow.
 Truly enjoyed this book that was was chosen for my book club. The details made me feel as if I was a part of the story.
 I have read all Scott Pratt books and enjoyed all of them. He's up there with Patterson, Bellucci, and all the great ones.
 This is an excellent book and if you love the earlier John Grisham novels, you will love Scott Pratt.  I would recommend this to anyone who likes a legal drama with developed characters.  I plan to read many more by Mr. Pratt.
 This is a well-spun detective/lawyer novel with nice plot twists and good sub-plots. I am looking forward to reading the second book in the Joe Dillard series very soon.
 I really enjoyed this book . Lots of twists that keep you guessing. I found the characters lovable a n d was rooting for justice. God fun read!
 Good character development throughout with multiple characters - not all critical to story, but good none the less. Enjoyed the plot and story flow. Looking forward to #2.
 My summary says it all.  I would buy another book be Pratt.  The story was well researched.  E Ben the geography of the area held together.
 I loved the suspense and the fast pace.  A good read .  The plot was very good and kept my interest to the end.
 Okay, but not a page turner for me.
 I'm happy to join what appears to be a long list of very satisfied readers in endorsing this work.<br/><br/>This is the first book I have read by Mr. Pratt; it will not be the last.  The volume moved well, had notable characters, and was not troubled by broken, missing, or glaringly erroneous plot lines.<br/><br/>As an attorney, one of my pet peeves in legal thrillers/mysteries is reading authors who ultimately resort to "clever" legal stratagems for the key to a books exciting finish, when those stratagems rely on so called legal theories, evidence presentation, surprise testimony, or other courtroom antics that would be dismissed out of hand by virtually any second-year law student, and most certainly by any rational trial judge.<br/><br/>Pratt put out a most enjoyable read; he should have been recognized long ago by some mainstream publisher as an author worth promoting.
 Felt like it was going to be predictable, but by the end, some twists made the book ultimately more interesting and thought-provoking.
 Kept me  on my toes. I couldn't  put it down. When  I  read the  last page  I was looking  for  more.
 The best part of this book was the character development.  Also,there were some unexpected twists. Typical southern, small town setting.
 Well written and keeps the reader interested.  More good humor than most murder mysteries.  Just finished all Silva's and Demille's books.  Glad I found Pratt!
 Great read.  Hated to put it down and go to work.  Couldn't wait to pick it up again.  Thank you, Scott.  Getting book 2 right away!
 This book is a masterpiece. It is the best book that I have read in a long time.  I love the character, Erlene! I liked that you felt a kind of connection to the character when he was front and center and then the watching view when it was the other characters. Kind of like real life, you know what is going on in your head, you are only watching the rest!!<br/>I loved that the character, Joe Dillard, loved his wife and kids, had a family, it just seemed, normal. I liked that as an adult, he was doing normal kind of soul searching, like have I made the right decisions in my life?<br/>This book was great!  I also have read "Injustice For All" and that is also a great book.  I recently moved to Tennessee and that makes the books all the more real.  Scott Pratt is a wonderful writer.
 Easy reading and not easy to put down . I'm already looking forward to the next in the seriea.<br/>Hope it's as good !
 It was fine.  Nothing great, but there's a lot worse out there.
 This story will hold your interest from beginning to end. It is a wonderful read. Look forward to the next one.
 This is my first book by this author, and  as a veteran of legal thrillers, this one is as good as it gets.
 I really like the main character, Joe Dillard in book 1 and 2. He is an ideal , husband, father, man, lawyer. The story line is interesting in both books.
 Well written and a very enjoyable read. Very entertaining for a legal story. Well constructed and keeps the attention going
 Good story with moving lines and action, very well written<br/>Very good book enjoyed it<br/>Can't wait to read more by this author
 Anyone who likes legal thrillers will enjoy this book. I enjoyed the story and the setting because I am from East Tennessee and could relate to all the places. I definitely will read more of Scott Pratts books.
 This book was hard to put down. The plot is ingenious and the characters are interesting even if they tax one's credulity at times. I plan to read more by this author.
 dkjl;sjfsjdklj
 A great story with interesting plot twists.  Good character development.  The book kept me guessing.
 Good Book.
 Easy reading and very intriguing. Suspenseful and easy to follow. I look forward to reading the entire series. Give me more!
 This was a good book. It kept my interest and was an easy read. I would recommend it especially if you're a Grisham fan. I'm going to start book 2.
 Enjoyable legal thriller -- so much so that I am now reading the entire Joe Dillard series. Not quite Grisham but a worthy contender.
 Love these books!
 Thoroughly enjoyed.
 thanks for the speedy shipment
 As a lawyer I could identify with Joe Dillard. Scott Pratt did an excellent job. I never saw the end coming.
 Excellent character development and a story that you can really envision as reality.
 Look forward to more of the Joe Dillard character; very engaging and complex past.  I’m sure there is more to know about him and his family.
 Held my interest throughout
 Excellant story telling! I got a little lost with so many characters, but I've purchased more of his books. Great read
 This book was hard to put down! I am ordering the next in the series now! I like this author!
 First time I’ve read a book by this author. Can’t decide after one book but this one was great. Looking forward to trying another.
 I really enjoyed this book &amp; I immediately bought book 2 when I finished it. I have always been a fan of law novels (Grisham etc) and Scott Pratt doesn't disappoint.
 Will read other books by this author!
 I hope the author keeps writing...I'll buy anything I find with his name on it!  In fact, I'm going to look for his next one right now.
 I had never heard of Scott Pratt, but I was in the mood for a legal thriller so decided to give it a chance. Boy am I glad I did. This is a book I found hard to put down. I found myself staying up till the wee hours of the morning to see what happened next. I have to admit that after Joe Dillard my favorite character was Earlene. I would highly recommend this book. I enjoyed it so much I have purchased the rest of the Dillard Series. What a wonderful way to spend the summer. Purchase this book. You won't be sorry. Happy reading<br/><br/>Since this review I have read 3 other Scott Pratt novels. I have enjoyed all of them and<br/>have recommended them to my friends. I now recommend them to you. I really think you will like them too. Keep writing Scott and I will keep buying. Thanks for so many hours of reading enjoyment.
 Easy and fun book to read with lots of twists and turn.  Plus, very interesting and colorful characters.  Thanks, Scott!
 I very much enjoyed this first book
 Great reading enjoyed very mich
 Well written.  A good book to read while traveling. Good story.
 Great read with wonderful twists and turns in the storyline. Joe Dillard really shows us the dichotomy  criminal lawyers experience this tough profession.
 I really enjoyed this book.  I've found a new author.  I plan to read the next one in the series.
 Decent story, generally well plotted.
 The story never really got exciting. Just meandered along start to finish. I kept hoping for something to happen
 Pratt writes a good story, with twists and turns that keep your interest. The twists at the end make the story.<br/>It's well written and a joy to read
 Two things become quickly apparent as you start to read An Innocent Client: Scott Pratt is an English Major, and he's an attorney. His writing is confident and crisp. His dialogue moves so briskly and naturally you forget you're reading. And the man flat-out knows the law. Beyond that, the story builds momentum from the outset. Before you know it, you're hurtling toward the climax and forgetting all else around you. It's worth everything you neglected to get to the end of this immensely satisfying book.<br/><br/>P.S. Other readers of this book have said they appreciate the change in narrators, the shift from first person to third. I don't. I found it a needless distraction — to the pacing of the story and my ability to get to know Joe Dillard as a narrator. Dismiss that as a quibble. Read this book. You won't be disappointed.
 Interesting reading....keeps your interest
 Good read. Wonderful plot twists. Could use more character development and better editing. I hope Pratt develops into Grisham heavy!!
 Enjoyed this book, had lots of twist and turns.
 My first time reading Scott Pratt. I thought it was going to be a bunch of lawyer speak, but I was wrong. It was funny and emotional.  I laughed and I cried. A very intertaining read.
 Good Plot that moved well.  Suspense with the trials and his relationship with family.  I am looking forward to reading the Joe Dillard book 2
 It was suspenseful and hard to put down. I bought the next book and hope it is jus as good
 Excellent book. Love the flow of his books. Would recommend!
 Great story build up, then came to an abrupt end. Wish they would’ve created a longer ending. Otherwise, excellent story.
 Well written and riveting!  And several interesting twists.  I look forward to reading more books by Scott Pratt.  Well done!
 This is a solidly written court room story that was edited well and not riddled with format errors.  The characters were realistically portrayed and well defined.  The twist in which Dillard's own sister became enmeshed as a jailhouse snitch was delightfully novel.  Even more enjoyable was how her testimony blew up on those who brought her into the snitch plot.<br/><br/>The story flowed well, not embellished with over description of car chases or fist fights.  If there is a flaw, it is that the author used a too broad brush, painting judges and prosecutors as corrupt.  Not all are like that, and not all defense attorneys are so squeaky clean as Dillard.  Overall, however, the story was not marred by this fault, and I  recommend it to others who enjoy legal thrillers.
 The author did an outstanding job at writing a story that had me wanting to keep reading. I can’t wait to read his second book in the series.
 This was a well written book. It kept me interested and actually I got<br/>attached to the characters.
 Outstanding book! Scott Pratt is now one of my favorite authors. I have read three of his books and he never disappoints.
 Kept me entertained and turning the page - what more could you want on a book! I enjoyed it more than Grisham.
 First book I've read from this  author - looking forward to the next. Kept my attention throughout - interesting characters.
 I enjoyed the book but had the villains picked early on.
 I lucked out when I downloaded Scott Pratt's first book - I am now on Book 3.  Don't miss this series.  I will continue reading them until he writes the last one.
 Enjoyed the ebb and flow of the plot.  Looking forward to getting to know Dillard  and Caroline better in future adventures.....Erlene was a great character also......
 Good character development.  Interesting plot and resolution.  I enjoyed the book.
 My first book by Mr. Pratt. I enjoyed it a great deal. In process of reading 2-6. Along the lines of other great mystery writers.
 I highly recommend this book. This is the first Joe Dillard book I've read. I can't wait to read the other books in this series.
 Didn't want to put it down.  Can't wait to start Book 2.
 Goodness what an exciting read! You will love all the twists and turns as to how,who and why the murder. Very eye grabbing late into the night unable to close the cover filled with suspense.
 A can't put it down book. Looking forward to reading the next in the series. Kept my interest throughout and enjoyed the twist at the end.
 Entertaining!!
 Loved the book another one which drew me into the story.
 The book had a little of everything from suspense to humor. I have not enjoyed reading anything the last year as much as this. It had horror as well as sadness and overall very enjoyable.
 very interesting reading. I did not want to put it d
 I am liking all of the Joe Dillard series.
 I searched for Christian books and this came up.  It is definitely not a Christian read.
 Easy read. Good character development.  God protagonist insight, believable portrayals of lawyers, court room atmosphere.  Fascinating characters, Tennessee countryside, and life in the Bible Belt.
 Very good book.  Looking forward to reading the rest of the series.
 A great mystery! Wonderful detail about upper East Tennessee, and humor to keep it interesting. I moved on to another Scott Pratt novel.
 It was good but not great
 I picked up this series because I've read every John Grisham title and wanted a good legal thriller.  I was not disappointed.  A solid, well written story with characters developed well enough to care about what happens to them.  About all I can ask for in a read-for-pleasure book.  Easy, interesting entertainment.
 The characters were well developed. The story line good and kept you interested right from the start. This book will keep you guessing until the end!
 Keeps you on your toes. Very suspenseful and a very intriguing story that keeps you wanting to know more to the very end!!!
 It kept my interest with the unexpected twists and turns right to the end. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys mystery and suspense novels.
 enjoyable read, have ordered the next book, says it all
 Grabs you from the beginning and never lets go.  A real page turner.
 A good read, interesting, suspenseful and direct.  Can't wait to read another Scott Pratt novel.
 Great read.
 Well worth the time. Dillard has a realistic outlook on life,a sense of humor, and a keen mind. The story keeps you guessing.
 Great suspense with interesting plot.  Kept me up all night reading to find out 'who dun it'.  Surprising ending with a twist.
 Reminds me of John Grisham
 Loved it!
 This was a very intriguing story. It was a masterful plot with real characters. I want to read more of the Joe  Dillard series. Hooked!!!
 I kind of enjoyed a shorter novel. The legal stuff was realistic.
 Good enough that I've bought Book 2.  Easy read and good character.
 like grisham. funny too. cant wait to read his other  books. will check tbem out from my hometown library for free.<br/><br/> .
 This book was laugh out loud funny at times and heart wrenching at others. Just do yourself a favor and read it! I liked it so much I bought all of the other six books!
 Enjoyed reading this book. I read the entire book in 2 days because it had my attention.
 Keeps the reader interested
 Good read, interesting characters
 I liked the book, good characters, good plot. The book needs to be edited better. There were a lot of errors.
 Very Satisfying Read. Good storytelling. The characters were well developed. Great court drama with interesting twists. Thoroughly enjoyed the book.
 This was a very entertaining book. It just the right amount of suspense and you really could like all of the characters. Good reading.
 I will read anything Scott Pratt writes
 Great book, have all Joe Dillard books and I'm reading the last one
 Too many stupid situations!
 Amazing! I couldn't put it down!!  I'll continue on with all the rest of the Joe Dillard series right now!
 The book was a good read but pretty cynical about the judicial system. A lot of interesting twists and turns with a surprise for the innocent client.
 This was a delightful read.  I was pulled into the drama and proven wrong on what I thought was going to happen over and over again.  I feel in love with the characters too!  Brilliant twists and charming people.
 This book kept my interest throughout. Easy entertaining read. A little predictable but worth the price. Will read the next in series.
 It's a good quick read. Fairly interesting storyline and characters. Recommend for a quick read on an airplane. Could have more description around settings and locations
 Story was so impressively put together I had to know how it ended.  And was very happy with out come.
 One of those easy to read, can’t put down books.....several plot twists and good, likable characters.....can’t wait for the second Joe Dillard book.
 This is a fun, quick laser read.  The main characters are well developed and the story is engrossing and believable.
 Excellent reading finished the book in two days It kept you in suspense well written  I will try to read all his novels...Patterson..watch out
 It was a quick read good for vacation reading with a surprise ending.
 An entertaining read. Enjoyed it.
 Very well written . Good character presentation. Kept me going. I’ll try another one of his. See how it goes
 Worth the time. Interesting characters and compelling plot.  Joe Dillard is likeable. Looking forward to seeing where book 2 takes me
 Average legal thriller. No big surprises.
 Entertaining and fast read!
 I really enjoyed this first book by the author. I'm looking forward to his next installment. I would recommend this to anyone who likes a fast paced crime story with good characters, irony, and humor. Kept me interested through the whole book.
 The main character is a  decent guy , with heroism and  intelligence not out of proportion which makes it believable and very entertaining!!
 This book was very predictable, some characters had depth, but some were flat. The sisters moves were so easy to read her testimony wasn't a surprise
 I enjoyed it so much that I purchased the other in the series...
 Great Book!
 It was a bit predictable but an enjoyable read. Very well written and I'm looking forward to the next book.
 As I never read this author before, I didn't know what to expect! I thoroughly enjoyed this book. The characters and their relationships were human and relatable. Good read!
 Loved, loved this book.  Look out John Grisham! I immediately downloaded the entire series.  If you love legal thrillers this is a must read  Bravo - very well done!
 Scott Pratt shows what good independent authors can do -- and why editors are important. The book is well written and creates vivid, interesting characters. And as for action -- it keeps you reading. I was motivated to keep reading as I wanted to see what happened next.<br/><br/>However Pratt would have benefited from an experienced edition. At least one of the subplots could have lost without any harm to the story. It also took at bit to realize that he was switching between first and third person and whose voice was being heard.<br/><br/>Pratt is a good writer and these criticisms don't impact the enjoyment of the book. It was well worth my time and money and I look forward to reading the next in the series. My bet is that this is an author worth following.
 I liked this book so much I bought the second in the series. Very likeable characters.
 This was a good, quick read, but packed with interesting and fleshed-out characters, neat law information and a riveting story. I'm looking forward to the next book in the Joe Dillard series!
 I ENJOY READING THIS BOOK, HAD A FEW SURPRISES
 Great story
 If you like JA Janice,Michael Connelly and David Baddaci then you will enjoy Scott Pratt. I now will have to read the whole series.
 Some characters are fairly well developed. I actually give this book a 31/2.
 I really enjoyed the twist and turns in this book. It kept me on my toes trying to figure out what was happening. The only thing I didn't enjoy was the description of the baby murder. Other than that I will recommend this book to my friends.
 An interesting book. Enjoyed reading it.
 Good mysteries don't allow you to figure them out right away -- this novel meets that standard very well. The unexpected sneaks up on the reader.
 good for a fast summer readx
 An innocent client is a fun book to read it was a little predictable but that did not detract from the enjoyment I would recommend it
 I loved ALL the Joe Dillard books. Couldn't put them down and read one right after another. Very well written!
 Really enjoyed the read.  Interesting twists and turns and a very satisfying conclusion.  I recommend it to you... Will keep you engaged.
 Interesting.  Thanks
 First one book I have read by this author. Found it interesting and well written with a surprise ending. Will read his next book.
 Love all of his books
 The main character was very easy to relate to. He wasn't a super hero, but rather an "average Joe" like you and me. I liked the twists and turns of the book and I'm sure you will too.
 I had no problem staying up late to finnish the book. It was an easy read but interesting. I would rate this author on par with Stuart Woods or James Patterson.
 Keeps you reading because you can't wait to see what is going to happen next.
 Wonderful, fast pased and smart.  I highly recommend this book.  Full of conflicted characters, and a moral delema, perfect for a dive to and from work.
 Loved the book. Well written and intriguing. The characters were believable and interesting. Will definitely read more books from this author.
 First book I've read by Scott Pratt.  Very enjoyable and well written.  I've already purchased the second book in his Joe Dillard series.  Expect it to be as entertaining as An Innocent Client.
 Fast paced story, good characters, and a fun read.  Looking forward to reading the rest of the Joe DIllard series
 I generally don't enjoy "who-done-it's but this was the exception. I read late into the night because I had to see what happens next. Excellent!
 Good character development and several nice twists. Likable characters and satisfying ending. Pratt is a good writer. I look forward to reading more books by him
 Because he's climbing all over you as you are 97% into the book so you can't read the ending, it's a good book. Very highly recommended.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. The characters were believable, the plot well thought out and advanced at a good speed. I plan to read other books by this author.
 Nice, easy read, author does great job of bringing the emotions to the top.  I laughed and cried.  I will read another Joe Dillard book.
 Great read! Held my interest and didn't drag out with detail overkill.
 Fast paced . Great characters.  Fun read and happy ending.  Well written mystery with an excellent twist I never saw coming, and I usually figure out the endings.  Thanks Scott!
 A good writer with a great sense of humor. Page Turner for sure!<br/>Looking forward to reading his other books!
 Scott Pratt is a pretty good writer and has the ability to craft a compelling tale. However, I found some issues with this book that made what could have been a 5-Star review, a 3-Star review.<br/><br/>First, I don’t know who Pratt’s editor/proofreader is, but he needs to hire a new one. I found at least 7 or 8 typos in the book. Granted, none were Earth shattering, but in this day and age—especially for an indie writer—perfection is critical. Every time a reader stumbles on a sentence with a word missing or two words transposed, it takes the reader out of the story.<br/><br/>Second, Pratt had so many opportunities to write action scenes and “show” the reader what was happening. But instead, he choice to take the easy way out by “telling”. There is way too much narrative in this book—what I call “info-dumping”. He could have created much more suspense and dramatic tension by converting pages and pages of narrative into real-time scenes.<br/><br/>BEWARE! WHAT FOLLOWS COULD BE SPOILERS<br/><br/>Third, I struggled with a number of plausibility issues. Angel, the character accused of murdering Reverend Tester, is charged with first degree murder, and the D.A. is asking for the death penalty, supported only by a lot of circumstantial evidence. There was no way any prosecuting attorney could convince a jury that Angel committed murder in the first degree beyond a reasonable doubt.<br/><br/>Fourth, Landers, the detective investigating the murder, convinces a judge to sign a warrant to raid the Mouse’s Tail, a gentlemen’s club, solely because Erlene, the owner, lied to him. Perhaps a judge might sign this warrant, and allow Landers to search the establishment, but an entire SWAT team converged on this place as if a dozen terrorists were holed up in the club. Under the circumstances, it makes no sense to dispatch this much firepower.<br/><br/>Fifth, just about every female character in the novel is drop-dead gorgeous, including Dillard’s wife. Pratt’s descriptions of all the female characters are simply over the top.<br/><br/>Sixth, Pratt over-develops a number of tertiary characters who have little bearing on the plot. The reader doesn’t need to know, nor do they care about characters that are not relevant to the story.<br/><br/>To summarize, overall, An Innocent Client is a decent read, but with a little extra effort, it could have been a great read.
 This was a good, quick read with interesting characters &amp; many good twists and turns along the way. Looking forward to reading more from this author.
 I enjoyed the story line and all the twists and turns.  Dillard is the new lawyer on the block.  Rates up their with Grisham!<br/><br/>You will enjoy this book so read on!
 Enjoyed this author's first novel and looking forward to reading the rest!  Good read, enjoyable characters and just enough suspense.
 I loved the irony.
 A  good fast summer read. Would i rave about it, no! However, i would recommend it !
 This was a great read. The characters were colorful the story was believable  and the plot twists were unexpected. I will definitely read the rest of the series!
 I didn't want to put it down. Great book. I will read some more of Pratt's books!
 MOST ENJOYABLE  ONE LIVES THROUGH EVERY MOMENT
 This is the perfect  summer read. Well written,  Not too gruesome. I would recommend this to anyone who likes lawyer mysteries.
 Interesting and more than just a mystery. Good read.
 Enjoyed this book - great story line and loved the twists. Easy to read and kept me interested to the end.
 The author definitely knows how to keep one interested and wanting to know what was next. No doubt looking forward to another great read by this author.
 I enjoyed the book. Probably a Three Star but I liked the way Pratt described his characters.  Easy story to follow.  May try the rest of his series.
 Pretty good read.<br/>I will be reading the rest of the series
 Good plot!  Enough unpredictability to keep you guessing. I'll look forward to reading more by this author. Liked the book!
 Well thought out, characters were very real  Moved fast. Recommend to anyone that likes a good story.  Now need to get more of his books.
 I really enjoyed this book.  It was a fast read, took me away and I didn't want to put it down.  I am now going to buy another of his books.  Truly enjoyable and I highly recommend.
 I love any books involving law and I still need to order the rest of the series!
 Good characters keeps your attention from first page to last.funny and sweet moments. Will read another Joe Dillard series definetly
 Amazing book! Almost finished the whole thing on my flight this weekend. Keeps you thinking and on your toes. Highly recommended!
 This one sucked me in right from the start.  I thought the characters were well developed and the plot moved along swiftly.  There were just enough twists, turns, and red herrings that I had trouble putting it down at time.<br/><br/>The setting was perfect for what happened in this story---small town, bible belt hypocrisy, the local politics that play into so many cases.<br/><br/>Joe felt a little like a Grisham character, but his past with this mother, the Rangers, and his sister made him a character in his own right by the end.  Erlene was a hoot!  She deserves a series of her own, but it is enough for me to have found Joe Dillard and his series.  I plan to continue reading to see if the author can keep up what he has started here.
 Loved it
 Not as compelling twist as I expected it to be. Good writing is all I can say. Hopefully his other novels will be better..
 Good enough that I bought the next book in the series...
 A little hard to follow at first but once you got the people sorted out - a good book.
 It was interesting exciting and thought provoking. I look forward to the author's next book.
 The story is very well written, and had a few unexpected surprises.<br/>But the protagonist is so full of self pity through the whole book, that I couldn't bring myself to like the character.<br/><br/>The whole book feels like it's condemning the American Justice system.<br/>Cops, DAs, Judges, and anyone in law enforcement are presented as "worse than the criminals".<br/>Granted, some of them probably are, but this book makes it look as if the whole system depends on false testimony, just so the DA can get a conviction. Not one of the major law enforcement characters showed one shred of honesty or decency.<br/><br/>That said, I still enjoyed reading this book, but I probably won't spend money on the rest of the Joe Dillard series.
 I enjoyed this book so much that I read the next!
 Good quick read<br/><br/>I liked the characters and the story plus for the price it was a great value
 I give this book 5 stars, because it is about as good as they get.
 This was a fast paced and great read. I likened it very much, so much so, it was hard to put down. I recommend this book to all who enjoy a mystery, murder and court drama.
 It was a good book.  I was always ready to get back to it when I had time to read.
 Entertaining and a good fast read.  Interesting characters.  Would recommend as an enjoyable, fast pace book.  Try it - you might like it.
 Enjoyed all the legalistic stuff and loved the characters, especially the female "club" owner.  Will be reading more of Mr. Pratt.
 This was a well thought out plot with plenty of side conflicts to keep you going. I could not put it down.
 really liked this book
 You will love this book and the total series
 Good story and narrator
 Good book, well developed plot and characters
 I just can't put down these books! I'm finishing the 4th one and just ordered the 5th. I love Joe Dillard and his whole family! These books are addicting!! Write more!!!!
 Lots of twists and turns that kept me guessing and good believable characters and plot.  I have already bought more books by. Scott Pratt
 I liked this book . It held my attention. I thought it was we'll written and I liked the characters and the story.
 Excellant plot and vividly presented.
 Very enjoyable book.  Would read this author again.
 I like books about murder trials.  It was entertaining from start to finish and I loved the main characters, the lawyer, the defendant, and the strip joint owner.
 A good start to a series. Makes you want to see how these characters develop.
 This book kept me up:Scott Pratt mixed so much emotion with some marvelous characters,  I will definitely be reading other books by this author. I highly recommend it if you like court room drama!
 Good book. I enjoyed reading it. It kept my interest. Characters very likable. Will definitely read the next book in the series.
 The story had some surprises, it didn’t follow the obvious.
 Loved all 8 books in this series.
 This book was very good overall. A little on the crude side at some points, but the character development was good and the story kept me interested.
 A lot of loose ends that ingeniously come together, just at the right time. This was a thoroughly enjoyable read.
 Because I am a lawyer, legal stories can be predictable. Not so in this one. Worth the read and your money.
 First time reading this author - enjoyed!
 Reminded me of some of the Grishom novels.  Good, not great!
 Enjoyed the twists and turns and the family aspect with a troubled sister. It made you see the characters as real people.
 I started this book and then quickly read the rest of the series. There is enough plot to keep going throughout and yet each book stands well on its own. Kept me engaged with humor, suspense, and empathy.
 Attorney Joe Dilliard is burnt out from the beginning of the book, but he's got a wife, children, a troubled sister, a sick mother, a rambunctious dog and clients that are depending on him. He's planning to get out of the profession that has turned his idealism into cynicism and, with his wife's support, he sets a timeline. ...but he'd like "just one innocent client" to represent and win freedom for.<br/><br/>Joe's character and his life are extremely multi-dimensional. His frustrations, fears and guilt are very human. I read through the story wondering if he would ever get his innocent client and wondering if he would survive the effects of successfully defending murderers. I cheered for him even when he wasn't the "nicest".<br/><br/>I look forward to reading Scott Pratt's next book in the Joe Dilliard series.
 Very entertaining. Great characters. I plan to keep reading in this series.
 Great page turner.  Legal thriller with some humor mixed in.  As soon as I finish typing  I am buying book 2 of the series.
 This was the first book I have read by Scott Pratt and it didn't disappoint. Reminiscent of Grisham and Connely. The characters came alive on the page from the very first and entertained all the way to the end.
 enjoyed very much; caught my interest from the start to the end.
 Great read!  I thoroughly enjoyed reading An Innocent Client. It was fast paced, with believable characters, and interesting plot lines. Honestly, I couldn't put it down and I found the use of two types of narrator excellent! Can't wait to read the rest of the series!
 OK
 Enjoyed.
 I was captivated from the first page. I really enjoyed reading your book and I will be reading more of them in the future. Thanks for the entertainment.
 The book flowed and the characters were easy to associate with and understand.  I liked the way the book intertwined his personal life and his professional life.  I also like surprise endings!  Great read!  I've found a new author to follow
 Scott Pratt has a great writing style, easy to read. The story was fun and engaging from beginning to end!
 I had never read any books by Scott Pratt before and I was pleasantly surprised to find it to be well written and a very good read
 I read this book in practically one sitting. Just when I thought I had it figured out, the plot would twist and I'd be back at square one...just the way I like it!  Thanks, Scott Pratt, for an excellent, suspenseful courtroom drama. I can hardly wait to read the next one.
 Very good first book.  I would recommend this to my friends.
 I really enjoyed Mr. Pratt's book, An Innocent Client.  It was well written, kept my attention, was suspenseful and his characters were great.  His writing style is to my liking - enough detail to paint the picture in your mind, but not too much that I'm skimming past unnecessary details.  Having worked in the criminal justice system and been keenly involved with law enforcement, courts (state and federal), and all manner of criminal defendants, I enjoyed his honest, portrayal, in a way a layman could understand.  Yes, there is corruption, there are lies, deceit, injustice - things which are present whenever more than one person is involved in anything.  This is my first Scott Pratt book and I would recommend it to others.  I have ordered the next in his series.  Thank you Mr. Pratt.
 The book kept me captivated from the start- great read!  I’m looking forward to reading the next book in the series.
 I read a lot of books and was turned on to this series by Amazon recommendation.  I loved this book and look forward to reading the rest in the series.
 Well written; I'd like to read of this author.
 good book.
 Every lawyer's dream.
 Hard to put the book down, every page was interesting
 Very well written and hard to put down. I look forward to more of his books about the same character. I very much enjoyed his jumping from first to third person and back to keep it on track and interesting. Great work!
 Awesome!
 It was a book hard to put down. I wish I couldput put in words how  much I liked the book. It is the first of Scott's books but not the last. I look forward to reading  more.
 Great read.  Interesting to see how the characters connect to lead to a terrific ending.  I'm going to like this series.  Thank you, Scott Pratt!
 I enjoyed  truthful  aspects  of  criminal justice system.<br/>Better  than last " Gresham "<br/>Very serious  but tedious subjects  creatively  presented
 Love that he brings in personal stories of the characters that fits well into the plot.
 Joe is a burned out criminal defense attorney in small town TN.  He finally has what he truly believes to be an innocent client.  The twists and turns in this book are terrific.  The characters are well developed and believable.  The ending is perfect.<br/>But what really put this book over the top for me was personal experience.  I've had first hand dealings with the TBI and "justice system" of small town TN.  I didn't know whether to laugh or cry as he portrayed them as they really are - deceptive, manipulative, arrogant, self-serving professionals that delight in perverting the system to increase their "win" stats and gain political status.  He shows the "Justice system" for what it really is - a complete joke.
 Complete twist at the end
 This was the first of Scott's books that I had read, but it won't be the last.  An Innocent Client holds your attention from Chapter One until the last sentence.
 I enjoyed Scotts style very much. Good twists and a good story. Great characters. On to book 2 tonight! Thanks Scott!
 I liked the character development in this book. The story was interesting but the characters were more interesting. Midway through the book it was very difficult for me to put it down.
 The writer did a masterful job of providing personalities to all of the characters that seemed to evolve during the book. Every time you thought you knew a character, there would be another twist.
 My first read by Scott Pratt and it was anything but disappointing!! Can't wait to read the entire series.
 Loved the character development and character personalities as well as the setting.  Actually can imagine this story unfold in real life.
 Really enjoyed it.  Looking forward to the rest of the series
 I am hard to please, but this book was really good. It kept my interest with the characters and plot twists. I also liked the writing style of the author. I will be reading more of his books in the future!
 I have never read anything by this author but enjoy reading this kind of genre.  I read the short synopsis and decided to give it a try.  I liked it very much and will likely read more books by Scott Pratt.  I recommend you try this novel, too!
 pretty good
 Well written, fast reading.
 This book hooked me from beginning to end! I enjoyed reading it very much. Interesting characters through out the story.
 Didn't want to put the book down once I started it.  Kept you guessing, thoroughly enjoyed this book, highly recommend.
 A wonderful book. Enjoyable characters and unpredictable outcomes. I've highly recommended it to my lawyer brother-in-law.  Loved Joe Dillard and family.
 This author was new to me and he was GREAT!  There were even times I laughed out loud!
 It was an easy, but interesting read.  I don't like to have to think too much when I read leisurely.  There were some twists and turns and a couple surprises, but basically it was just entertaining.
 I would definitely recommend this book to a friend. It is a good read. Excellent . Looking forward to 2
 Have read all his books.
 First time I have read this author.The story was well written and the storyline kept moving.
 EXCITING FROM BEGINNING TO END .  I am looking forward to  Book 2 in the series.  I recommend this one to all mystery lovers.
 Good story. Good characters. Good read.
 A little simplistic
 I kept waiting for a twist to the plot, but nothing.  Too predictable.  His writing is good, and I will give him another shot, but when you can see what is coming a mile away, and it comes as you suspect, then it is a letdown.  This was a letdown.
 A great read, fast paced, well written legal fiction
 A fun mystery, cleverly told in a believable story.  Entertaining and captivating.
 Felt it was a little slow to start but, when everything started to come together , I couldn't stop reading. Going for book #2 now.
 This is one of the only books that I couldn't put down! I'm going to read all 9 of them!
 A real page Turner, couldn't put it down at the end.  Serious subjects and well developed characters,.  Buying the next booking the series now.
 This book was an interesting and brilliant story that you cannot stop reading until the end. I can't wait to start another of your stories.
 This book is well written and fast moving. I could not put it down. I couldn't wait to get to the end and find out what happened while at the same time I hated to see it end.
 ok read, but easy to put down.
 didn't like the plot
 greaI
 Interesting story....fun to read.
 Good Read, very straight forward
 Just  ' found ' Scott Pratt - he doesn't waste a second drawing us into his quirky plots, great characterizations, and a hero , Joe Dillard, you have to love, warts and all.  Pure fun - and on to the next book !
 Great read, one of my new favorite authors
 Wonderful series.  I would read anything this author wrote.
 Good read
 I have enjoyed all of the books in this series.
 I did not care for the chapter headings:  date &amp; times.  But the story line kept me in suspense throughout the book.  Interesting characters and interactions.
 When I chose this book I had no idea that it was set in the area where I live. Maybe that make me bias in this review, but I found it to be a very good book.
 I enjoyed reading this book, and it was a pretty good legal thriller.
 A little slow at times
 Great read.  Could not put it down.  first book I have read my the author.  I just bought the second book in the Joe Dillard series!
 I look forward to reading more stories from this author. This story held my interest and  l truly enjoyed his writing style.
 Well done characters. Easy to keep them straight. Not a lot of terrible language. Like most "lawyer" books, a lot on the liberal side.
 A book that reads easily, character development through the book, nice clever twists. Could not put the book down. Thoroughly enjoyable
 Superbly written!  Had me thinking about it when  I couldn't read it,  and had me reading it as soon as I was able! Looking forward to Scott Pratts next book!
 Believable characters, well written, unpredictable and humerus.<br/>Left me with a smile on my face and looking forward to the next Joe Dillard adventure
 It is very interesting book. I like it very much.
 Love all his Joe Dillard series.  Keeps you thinking...
 As an avid reader of mysteries this is a well written book. The story and the characters are believable. Mr Pratt has done an excellent job describing the emotions and light humor  his lawyer Joe DIllon needs to his job. It's a book you don't want to put down. Great read!
 A very interesting read good plot well presented
 Great, easy read!
 And intriguing read. Real in a way most legal thrillers aren't.
 Thoroughly enjoyable.  Twists  and  turns abound, and just the right amount of sarcastic self examination make this an outstanding read.
 Will definitely move on to other books in this series.  Light enjoyable reading with a nice ending.
 Very interesting story. Kept mer intrigued from the beginning.  I would definitely recommend this book to everyone.  I look forward to reading more of his books.
 Really held my attention to the very end plus!!!
 I liked it.  I think I will read the second one.  Characters seemed real to life, having flaws, but did the right thing when stepping up to the plate.
 Very simple book.  OK to read before bed.
 Great storyline. Book kept my interest until the end.
 The author keeps things moving along well.  Often times a reader will feel some loose ends are explained away in a contrived manner.  But not in this case.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book.
 A good story, kept my interest to the end.
 Anybody who likes John G will enjoy Pratt and his style.  Informative, entertaining and an instant hook.  And he is an independent writer!
 Good writer.  The book kept me turning the pages!
 This book is amazing. I am from East Tennessee and really enjoyed this book. My friend at work turned me on to them. She is enjoying the entire series as well! Thank you, Scott Pratt!
 Fast paced. Good character development. Realistic depictions of human reactions to difficult dilemmas. Good story and mystery. Going on to Book 2.
 Surprised at the ending well written novel with plenty of different sub plots. Fairly quick read for a vacation break
 The book kept me interested and anxious to continue.
 The book held my interest from start to finish. Good storylines and character development. Looking forward to moving on to book #2!
 Nice crime novel. Lots of twists and turns! This is book 1 of a series. I'm happy about that. Joe Dillard is a likable lawyer!
 The feelings of the characters were so raw and real!  What a story with a different twist. Very well written and so believable! Great read!
 Loved it. Loved the way the author switched from person to person. Loved how nothing was ever known for certain. This is my first Scott Pratt book and I'm going on to the next.
 It was well done and a good read - I've always liked courtroom intrigue.
 This was a quick, entertaining read with a too endig
 This is a very interesting book full of suspense and you can't wait to finish the book
 I'm enjoying this series.  This is the 3rd book I've read.  The characters and the plots are very convincing.  I'm glad there are several more.
 Excellent. Dillard is as believable as he is broken. The reader cannot help but relate to his situation. There is enough humor to relieve the angst. Five stars.
 Good ending.  Good twists and turns.<br/>Hope the rest of the series is as good. I bought the whole series
 VERY GOOD BOOK, FIRST TIME I HAD READ THIS AUTHOR.
 Great whodunit, wonderful character development, good momentum. Even the typos were few. I followed up by buying and reading the rest of Scott Pratt's novels.
 This is a fairly good yarn, but needs a proofreader. The setting is Tennessee and he talks about seeing the big dipper in the sky to the south... really????
 It is a well written story without the vulgar language or graphic scenes of other authors! Thank you to Scott  for a clean good criminal mystery!
 Not bad
 Enjoyable mystery with twists and turns up to the end.  Joe Dillard is a stand up, likable though flawed character.
 I just finished An Innocent client featuring my new best friend, Joe Dillard. I am really looking forward to reading the entire series in order.
 Well written book with dialog that sounds genuine, a plot just twisted enough to be interesting and a lawyer I like.
 I really enjoyed this book, believable characters and a good plot well written. Time to now go and look at book 2
 This was a well-written, well-edited legal thriller. Even though it appears to be published as vanity press, it is a top-notch story. Some publishing house made a big mistake by not grabbing this author. Mr Pratt writes like John Grisham, Scott Turow, and John Sandford all rolled into one. He has subplots and added storylines to make the reading more fun. His twists and turns are fun to read. I swept through this book in six hours to my chagrin. It is a really, really good book. I have now ordered all his previous novels. I highly recommend this book to anyone who likes mysteries, suspense, and legal tales.
 The characters were very likable. It was an enjoyable book. With a couple of twists. There wasn't any offensive language. I plan on reading the second book in the series.
 Great book. Well written. Good mystery even funny in places.  Believable characters. I thoroughly enjoyed reading this and look forward to his next one!
 I loved the characters.  It was true to life.  There are dishonest people in ALL walks of life.  I don't like the south portrayed as trashy though.
 I thought it was an interesting and entertainig book.
 Interesting, twisted ending! Did not see see this coming! I like the author's style of writing, guess I will order book two in this series.<br/>Patrick Schmitz
 Sooo good! Read the book in 3 days and can’t wait to get my hands on the rest of the series!
 This story rolls right along and traps you into staying up late to get to the end<br/>Good twist at the end
 Nice story line that was an easy read. I particularly liked the insinuation that our legal system lacks some credibility because of its political connections
 Good read
 Fast pace with characters you live and hate.<br/>So glad this is a series of books!
 I really enjoyed this book, although I don't usually read crime stories, but it was very good, kept my interest and I will read more of this series.
 Exciting mystery,  Looking forward to reading another of Scott's books.
 Better than John Grisham's best. I am buying  all the books by Scott, one by one. Real characters, deep plot
 Really good
 Not the most complex thriller, but still just enough to keep you wondering and reading. The mix of first person and third person adds an almost communal feel as if you're living among the folks of small town Tennessee.
 Great read. Like all of Pratts.
 I LOVED THIS BOOK!  I could picture every character in my mind. Can't wait to read the next book in the series.
 Keeps you guessing who did it to the end and cheering for the bad and good guys.  Can’t wait for the next book in this series
 I was somewhat disappointed.  The first few chapters held my attention, but I soon lost interest.
 Enjoying this series.  Quick read and holds interest
 Great characters with a really good story. A couple of plot twists and people to root against too. Enjoyed it
 It's was as advertised. Good short read. Well written and  good suspense. I really enjoyed this book and will seek another from this author.
 Kept me awake on a boring section of highway. Liked the twists and turns of the plot.
 I would highly recommend this book and am telling my friends to get this book. Thank you Scott for getting me hooked.
 This was a very good legal thriller.  The narration was good and clear.
 Very well written book that kept me engaged.
 I purchased "An Innocent Client" prepared to take offense at any number of details; first and foremost being the assumption that most of the defense bars' clients are clearly guilty.  I was the sole employee of my late husband criminal defense law practice for more than 28 years and I have a warm spot in my heart for many of his former clients, including some now on death row.<br/>While some details of Tennessee Law would appear to differ from those in California, I found much of the book to ring surprisingly true.  His characters are equally believable.<br/>It was a fun read and made me wish I could discuss the particulars with both my late husband and my late father, who became a specialist in criminal appeals after being a deputy district attorney and spending most of his career in private practice.<br/>The story was well enough told to be understandable to the layperson, but including the sort of "technical details" which often frustrate the public with "legal loopholes."
 This was an interesting suspense story. Joe Dillard wants to quit being a criminal defense lawyer. This book details his final cases. There are, of course, plot twists. I can't say I was terribly surprised by anything but it was still a fun read. Joe has a birthday wish...just to have one innocent client. As the story unfolds, we meet some colorful characters. Erlene sounds like someone I probably wouldn't be friends with, but she is definitely unpredictable and fun.<br/><br/>The author's way of describing characters and the dialogue made me feel as if I was in the same space and knew these people.<br/><br/>I gave this book four out of five stars and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys reading attorney type suspense stories.
 I bought the whole series and enjoyed all 5.
 This is a fast read and the plot kept me wanting to keep reading.  I'd recommend it.
 Great characters with a great twist. Really enjoyed the clever way Mr Pratt brought everything together in the nod. Looking forward to his next book!
 Good read. Easy and moves quickly
 Loved reading about Johnson City and surrounding areas! Scott did a great job of keeping you interested! It was hard to put down!
 Kept me interested thru the entire book will read more books by Scott Pratt
 Reread after about 3 years and still found it hard to put down.  if you like Grisham style, this series is fo you.
 First book I have read by Scott Pratt and thoroughly enjoyed it.
 I liked this book.  The main character is both brilliant and flawed.  Enough twists and turns to keep it interesting.
 I'm in love with Joe Dillard!
 Outstanding mystery, next to brilliant. I think I've found me another good mystery writer. Defense attorney Joe Dillard is tired of defending criminals and wanted out. He wanted to defend at least one client who wasn't guilty before he retired. A Preacher was murdered and his body was mutilated and the story begins.<br/><br/>The characters were well formed, next to perfect for their parts in the mystery. Mr. Pratt didn't have unnecessary characters roaming in and out of the story nor did he write anything that wasn't necessary for the conclusion. Or as I call "fill in pages". I applaud him for that. He stayed on track leading to a great ending. I was very impressed. If you like a good mystery/thriller book, this it it.<br/><br/>Good reading to all,<br/>retired to read
 Great author I am hooked!  Can’t wait to read the whole series!
 Interesting book.
 Brillant read from start to finish, Highly recommended.
 No comment
 Great story that held my attention. It was well written.  The characters were well developed. I  can't wait to start Book 2.
 Well written, believable. Excellent series.
 I loved this book. Started reading it and didn't want to put it down. I will read more of Scott Pratt!
 Loved it.  My only complaint is that it was so good I couldn't stop reading and finished it too quickly!
 Very Good Book.  The author skillsFully intervoved several social issues in this book. Corruption, sexual abuse, and the dire consequences this can lead to including: drugs use, emotional trauma an even murder. This a very well written book
 Pratt has created a very likeable character in Joe Dillard. I look forward to reading the rest of the series.
 Very entertaining and truly a book you don't want to put down!
 Good
 Very good.  It definitely held my interest.
 Good author...First of his I have read, but I liked it.  Good legal thriller that was a little "Grisham like".  I will be reading another of his books soon.
 Great read...didn't want to put it down.
 Enjoyed the book. It was a book I had trouble putting down. Recommend this book to anyone who enjoys courtroom stories.<br/>Bcsbrs
 The author kept the pace up and it was difficult to put the book down.  I am really looking forward to reading his next book.
 This is the first book by Scott Pratt that I have read. Must admit that early on in reading it; I thought it would not be worth it.. Stick with it. It is very good and worth the time. I just ordered his second in the series.<br/>Bob
 Certainly a few unexpected twists in the plot. Really hard to put down once started. First of Scott Pratt's books I have read but definitely not the last!
 A page Turner with unexpected twists and a touch of humor.  I truly Recommend!  Will read another by this author.
 Buy the series.
 Great beginning to a great series
 I would place this book up there with The Lincoln Lawyer by Michael Connelly or The Partner by John Grisham. I couldn't put it down. I can't wait to read another book by this author.
 Loved it -- entertaining read!
 Good law story with some twists that made it fun to read.
 I like the way the different story lines weave together for great suspense.
 This was a really enjoyable book. It has compelling characters and a story with just enough twists to keep you wanting more.
 This is a new author for me and I look forward to reading more books in the series.  I found Joe Dillard to be a very likeable character.
 Loved it-couldn'twait to see how it all turned out. The characters came to life. Quick exciting read you won't be disappointed
 Seemed like a well thought out story with lots of twists and turns. I really enjoyed reading it and would recommend it
 Wow excellent teading. Because of my age I use the audio . Thanks for that option.
 I have a new author to follow. Enjoyed the book and looking forward to reading lots more of Scott Pratt.
 I enjoy murder mystery books and I found this book a quick read that didn't get too complicated.  Read it!
 Good read!
 I'm a criminal defense attorney, so I take a critical view of books that write about defense attorneys.  There wasn't a whole lot of courtroom drama in this book, but the characters were interesting and the story line was compelling.  I enjoyed getting to know Joe Dillard, and look forward to reading another book in which he stars.  When one goes to trial with a client who appears to be innocent, and in whose innocence you believe, it is one of the most nerve wracking of all cases because the stakes are so high, and juries are unpredictable (what kind of a system of justice is it when you place your fate in the hands of twelve people who weren't smart enough to get out of being on the jury).  Mr. Pratt handled this well, and no one ever broke character.  I recommend this book.
 Will look for more books by Scott Pratt
 Exciting and suspenseful novel much like John Grishams books. Looking forward to ready additional novels by this author. Well written
 Good pace and interesting detective.
 What a great read! 1st time I read a book by this Author and I am hooked to his style of writing!
 This book was a highly entertaining find. The author's writing was bright and well polished.  I was amazed that this was a first novel.
 Just started the second in the series. Lily the characters
 A very well written I believe first novel.<br/>I would purchase his next book.
 Great read, I am looking forward to reading the rest of this series!
 Good read with a different plot.
 Couldn't put it down. Well written with characters you care about.  I am looking forward to reading the rest of the series.
 enjoyed this book. first time reading from this author. held my interest throughout the story. i would recommend this book for crime stories.
 I picked up this book randomly and finished it in record time. It was very compelling with good writing and interesting characters.
 Intriguing story.  Keeps you interested from page to page. A good read. Looking forward to the next book too. Thanks Scott.
 If you're a fan of legal thrillers, you need to put this one on your list of books to be read. When a preacher is murdered and a young girl witnessing at a strip club is charged with his murder, her boss hires Joe Dillard to represent her. While their evidence is circumstantial, it's an election year and the D. A. is determined to get a conviction no matter what. There are plenty of twists and turns in this one. For one thing, the victim's son tried to kill him. His drug addict sister could be a witness for the prosecution and a crooked investigator Joe knows will do anything to get ahead, is intent on seeing his client fry even if he,himself doesn't believe in her guilt. Really good read and well worth the time and money.
 Loved the characters. As entertaining as my favorite Grisham thriller. Recommend to anyone that likes Grisham or Michael Connelly's Harry Bosch.
 Pratt's characters are mesmerizing and unforgettable! You'll fall in love with Erlene and Joe's journey is absolutely gripping. I can't wait to start reading the second book in this series!
 Good  story,  surprise  ending
 Great book. Full of surprises. Can't wait to read the next one in the series. Hope it's as good as this one was.
 It was really riveting,  similar to Lincoln Lawyer!
 Interesting characters. Entertaining &amp; engaging.
 Scott Pratt is my new favorite writer. I plan on reading all of his books. He writes the way I like to read.
 I enjoy his style. Just enough going on to hold your interest. Ready yo read the whole series
 Loved the main character.  Quick moving and believable.  Good ending.  I'm looking forward to number two.  Hopefully very soon.  yes!
 Liked it.
 Love the way Scott Pratt writes, I have already bought the second Joe Dillard in the series and I'm sure I will read them all. Keep it coming Scott!!!
 Easy story to keep up with the characters. Found myself picturing what was happening. Will read more of his books.
 Like mystery. Scott is enjoyable writer.
 Love all of his books, can't wait for the next one.
 Lliked the way the characters seemed like real people
 I enjoyed every page, couldn't put it down! I'm hooked on this author! Can't wait to read more of his work
 This is a good read. Well developed plot and characters that keep you guessing. If you like Grisham, you’ll like this.
 I really enjoyed this book.  I was always wanting to know what was going to happen next with the attorneys life. I learned  a lot about the legal system, very interesting book.
 Not a bad story. Nothing earth shattering but a decent lawyer book. I'll read the next one eventually.
 I could not stop reading, the story has everything you expect in a very good thriller. I really recommend this book.
 I enjoy this way of lawyer story telling.  Very enjoyable book and I am on the the second in his series.
 Nice, quick read with a good lead character. It reminded me Grisham book, only the movie would be rated R.  Will definitely read another of his books.
 Great book, easy to read and very involving
 What a innovated and talented author.  This book is so different from most I have read and though gruesome at time it is very good.
 I love a good legal drama and this one is outstanding.  The pages flew by faster than I wanted.  The good news, though, is that Scott has written more.  On to book 2!
 Excellent book.
 Very enjoyable! Surprises here and there with a fun ending. Likable and unlikable characters in all the right places.  I look forward to reading the rest of the series.
 A quick read with lots of memorable characters.  Just right for vacation fare.  Author has a lot to say about morality and doing the right thing without being a bore.
 A page turner. Funny in places, yet keeps you wondering who dunnit.
 This book was a real page turner. Light easy reading with not a lot of filler. Would recommend very highly to others.
 I liked this book.  It was an interesting read; very hard to put down once you got into it.  I'll read more of this series.
 Awesome book. Couldn't put it down.  A great read with fun throughout the story.  This author's better than many of the best sellers. You will not be disappointed.
 I enjoyed it and it kept my interest . I enjoy legal trial storylines.
 I enjoy this book very much,good intrigue,well rounded characters,Joe Dillard is brilliant as lawyer and also a good person.The culprit...well,you should find yourselves.
 I have never read a book by Scott Pratt. This book was such an unexpected, beautifully written murder mystery. I will recommend it whole heartedly.
 Good, easy &amp; entertaining read.  I would recommend to someone else.  I plan on reading the next book soon.  🤙
 Enjoyable quick read.
 Well plotted, moves quickly, good local color.
 Scott Pratt writes an intricate story with characters you miss when you are finished!  Impressive!l. Looking forward to book 2!
 This book is very believable, this review is from an East Tennessee resident. While it doesn't instill a lot of faith in our justice system it does ring true.
 Great  reading
 Good read. I would read another. The court room sessions were entertaining
 Unexpected  events along with a light comedy in parts keep your attention.  Would recommend to anyone.  Will definitely read more written by Scott Pratt.
 Very Enjoyable series book 1- 9! Hoping there will be more Joe Dillard books!!
 Looks like I will be reading the rest of<br/>His work. Thanks Joe. Have to<br/>Add more words so more words
 My first read by Pratt but it won't be my last ! Bonus points, both E.T.S.U. grads and mentions my hometown several times ! GOOD READ !
 Good read for the beach. Just engaging enough to keep your interest.
 After all the grisham and turow I still didn't see it coming. So fun. Great find. Compelling story. I really enjoyed it,sugar
 fast fun read
 I like the down home characters. The bad people turned out not to be so bad, as the really bad characters were. It was good light reading.
 Great suspense
 very good book, fast pace
 Good plot &amp; depth to characters
 Quick read. Very clever
 A book that les you be intereses in the trama buy you can algo get somesleep so Itu great for fast readers.
 Liked the fact there was not a lot of foul language or explicit sex. I'm from east Tennessee so I was familiar with the palaces in the book. Just an easy read
 A good story. A bit slow starting but a fine feel good finish. Characters were easy to picture. Enjoyed reading this one.
 This was not just a good book but a great book in my opinion. The ending was not just a surprise but was believable and enjoyable. Looking forward to the entire series
 Very good reading, exciting.....liked the main character.  Well done.
 Great read
 I liked this book...it was an enjoyable read!
 I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a fast moving, fun read that gives some insight into the challenges of being a defense attorney while juggling worrisome family relationships.
 Excellent read.  I am thrilled to find another good writer.  A few minutes after I finished this book I bought the next 4 in the series.
 Glad I discovered this author. He writes well. Good easy action read.
 Full of wonderful characters that draw you in while the plot turns and twists. You can't put it down! Can't wait to read another in the series.
 I hate reading reviews where they resite the whole plot like that's the most important part of a review. Maybe it is for a book report but I think a review is about the reader's reaction to the book itself. In this case the book is well written, edited, entertaining and humorous. I loved the lesson about law and how things work in a trial. The most poinant part of the story was the struggle Joe had in fulfilling his duty to the clients the court appointed and his own feelings of right and wrong. The play between the TBI guys, the judges and the lawyers was terrific. On the whole this was like watching an episode of "Law and Order" but with more personal emotions showing through the story line. A really good read.
 Pretty weak plot and just average writing.
 i ENJOYED THE STORY SO MUCH i'VE ORDERED THE NEXT TWO BOOKS OF THE SERIES. a VERY GOOD READ.
 One of the best books I have read in a long time. Once you start you will not stop until you are done. Thanks for the good read.
 enjoyed the characters, reminds me of the first Grisham books
 Well written.  Good entertainment
 I thought the plot was interesting.  Some fun twists--especially at the end.  Liked the main characters and I thought they were well written.  I would recommend the book.
 I have read 4 of Scott Pratt's Joe Dillard books and each has kept my interest until the very end.  Good books!
 Very good .
 Wonderful book, except for typos.
 Good reading.  Lots of twists.
 It's a good book and a comfortable reading. At times it seems to drag on a bit but then picks up.
 Great legal story with some twists. I will read more in this series!
 Good plot.  Well told with interesting dialogue.  I'm on my third book in the series.
 The story was good.  I enjoyed reading this book and was voting for the good guy.  I was never sure who was going to win.  I immediately bought the next book in the series.
 Great read.  It got me hooked on the series and I haven't been disappointed.
 Great
 Great read ! Thank you...Scott .
 Fast paced courtroom drama with enough twists and turns to keep any Grisham fans totally satisfied and yearning for more. I would elaborate more but I just bought the second book and can't wait to get started. Just buy the book. Thanks Joe for a great read!
 So well written and descriptive that you can visualize the settings and  characters. Story line holds your interest such that you don't want to put it down. An excellent combination of drama and mystery.
 Very good story teller and easy to read.  Plot was intertwined but very good.  I enjoyed reading and I'm reading more of his work.
 I didn't like the graphic description of how the main detective viewed women!  I thought it was degrading!
 I really like Scott Pratt and Joe Dillare.  I hope to read all 7!
 excellent character development and the plot kept my interest
 Great book! I enjoyed it from beginning to end!
 one of the best boks ive read,im a james patterson fan but something told me to read tis book,IT WAS GREAT everybody needs to read it,just bought another one of the joe dillard series!!
 This is a great book.  I am now hooked on the Joe Dillard series and have just finished Scott Pratt's third book in the series.  Loved it, also.
 I really enjoyed the story and the characters. I couldn't put it down . I look forward to reading Me Pratt's other books.
 This was a really good book. I am surprised that I had not heard of the author before this. The book is well written and it made me feel like I was there. I highly recommend this book!
 I really enjoyed this book and I would be happy to read more from this author. I like books that you can not stop turning the page.
 Good lawyer "who done it?"
 A great book that was hard to put down
 Good legal read
 Keep them coming - great book in an awesome series
 Interesting main character in Joe.  Enjoyable and easy read.  Looking forward to the next book.
 The plot was developed well with just enough clues to make the ending credible.
 Like his style of writing.  Quick read and keeps you interested.  Will definitely buy more of his books!
 Very Interesting book
 A truly interesting story with plenty of twists and turns. And a fantastic ending! I would recommend An Innocent Client to anyone in search of a good read.
 Excellent book. Good story with no unnecessary sex. Refreshing! Bought the rest of the series.
 Some parts were a little predictable, but it was entertaining. I look forward to the next book in this series.
 If you like a great thriller packed with action and has no boring moments, this is a book to read.
 Held my interest. Didn’t want to put it down
 Easy reading. Good plot and suspenseful!
 EXCELLENT BOOK - WILL BUY MORE BY THIS AUTHOR
 I couldn't put it down. ...love the 'sugar ' bits
 Ans excellent read. My first Pratt novel; there will be many more.  Well developed plot, characters with depth and humanity. Somewhat surprising ending, and hopeful.
 Good author,  bought 2nd book
 well written
 Loved the book! Dillard is an interesting guy, Landers is just a  #^?¥.  Will definitely give the second book a try.
 Great fast read, have already purchased the second book in the series!
 It was filled with intrigue, humor and many other emotions.  You were eager to turn the page. I can't wait to read the next Joe Dillard in the series.
 I will admit, I wasn't sold on this series when I started reading it. Now that I have finished the first book, I can't wait to read the second.
 Enjoyed!
 Never heard of this author before, but he wrote a great book!  Can't wait to read his others.
 I have read 5 of Scott Pratt's books. Love them
 Fun, fast and easy reading. Full of well developed characters, legal twists and about-faces along with emotional truths. Enjoy the ride.
 It was okay but I don't think I would read anything else by this author.
 Really complicated plot. Interesting character development. Read to the end in two sittings. Don't miss Joe Dillard and the delightful madam.
 This is one of the best books I have read in some time.  Great writing style and well developed characters.....I'm a fan!
 Very well paced with likable, Gary Cooper type hero. Interesting and diverse characters, well drawn. Have purchased more books by the author.
 very good book!! read it in a day at the beach. going to order all his others.
 Very good introduction to main character, Joe Dillard. I went on to read another in the series. I will read more of the series.
 An enjoyable series, I'm working my way through the lot so that must mean something. Recommended for fans of the legal thriller genre.
 This was an amazing first book.  I loved every minute and will read the series.  This is a wonderfuly gifted author with a captivating style and I look forward to reading the series
 Fun, summer read.
 Extremely interesting
 Good characters and story development.  Enjoyed the pace of the book and the few surprising twists.  Recommend for a good read that is not too heavy or violent.
 Because the book keep me transfixed and I wanted to find out more about the defense. Attorney and his dysfunctional family.
 This book is seedy with dirty language.  The characters are the same.  I wished I had not spent the money on it.  Can't believe this was an amazon recommended best seller.
 it was a little draggy.
 Great book. Hard to put it down.
 great wrapup  aat the end
 Really enjoyed this book, look forward to reading more from this series
 Scott Pratt is just as thrilling as my favorite John Grisham...what a suspenseful page turner!  I couldn't put it down!<br/>G
 This isn't Grisham at the top of his game but it was an entertaining enough read that I downloaded the rest of Pratt's books and it's perfect for summer and the beach.
 It was ok for his first book
 Ok but a bit disjointed have read better
 One cannot just review An Innocent Client and not blanket the series of 5 Joe Dillard books. The first one-An Innocent Client- made the characters pretty real and Joe's thoughts on justice and the law, criminals , the good the bad and the in between pretty plausible. I enjoyed the twist for the one innocent client at the end of the book . I really wanted to move to book 2 and to the end of the series. There was a lot of family issues well dealt with -his sister's story will break your heart as well as following his wife's health issues. That brought tears. As I said, It was hard to review the first book- An Innocent Client- and not include the series. It was just good everyday life and reading.
 Good book fast moving and lots of suspense
 Lots of likeable characters here. The geography is fun and beautiful.  Hillbilly culture and just enough titillation to keep me awake.
 A good novel from beginning to end.  Mr. Pratt admits mistake.  Most do not.
 I really enjoyed this book. The characters felt real, it moved along at a fast pace. The story/plot was enjoyable. I will look forward to reading more from this author.
 Pratt creates great characters and plot...reminiscent of Grisham.<br/>An intriguing story of good and evil, sometimes in disguise.  Very entertaining.
 Good light reading.  Great beach book with clever twists and turns.  Look. Forward to reading his other books in the series.
 Very well written with clever twists, right to the end. The character development was just superb , surprising, memorable  and endearing.
 Kept you guessing. Well written and enjoyable read.  Looking forward to the next book in the series.  I liked the ending.
 Enjoyed this book. Well written. Not a bunch of rambling filler paragraphs that I tend to graze over in other books
 Great read
 Good legal novel with enough twists, turns and surprises to entertain any and all readers!  Dillard is a great character!
 Found well written and intriguing. Liked it so much, I've moved onto Joe Dillard Book 2 and 3
 Enjoyable read . One you would enjoy after finishing a longer intense novel.
 This is the first book by this author I've read, and I enjoyed it, I'll be reading more.<br/>It had some interesting twists, and kept me reading.
 This was my first read with this author and I thoroughly enjoyed the book. Will continue the series with book number 2.
 This book has enjoyable twists and turns without requiring suspension of disbelief.  A good read for a pleasant evening at home. It will keep you turning the pages.
 I enjoyed this book very much. The author infused humor among the suspense. I look forward to reading more books by this author.
 I read a lot am glad to have stumbled across this series. It's a tad loose but maybe expected for a first out the gate. I'm definitely going to do more.
 This book has so Many twists and turns.  It has an Unpredictable ending.  Fast read.  This is a great beach book.
 Enjoyed this book, easy to follow and not sure who did it until the end.  Just bought book 2 and can't wait to get started!
 Great steady pace. Joe Dillard is a most interesting lawyer
 Quick read.
 I love Pratt's books, especially when I have just finished reading a heavy novel.
 Not very exciting.
 I absolute flew through this book. Great story, very well written. I cannot wait to read more by this author.
 Easy English. It's a page turner. I read the first 4 books in just three days.
 Very well written.  I'll probably read the entire series.
 Great Read!
 My first Scott read. Very good story with lots of twists and turns. Heroes and villains are not always "who" you would expect.
 This guy needs to do his homework.
 Great read love the characters. This book was hard to put down. I give this book * * * *
 Excellent book....really enjoyed it!!
 I had never read anything by Scott Pratt. I really liked Joe Dillard, he is a person, like many if us, who did his job to provide for his family. As time passed he was more and more conflicted about his job and the scum he was forced to represent. When he visited his Mother in the nursing home and finally told her what had happened between her "beloved brother" and his little sister I could then understand the demons he and his sister were fighting. His wish for one innocent person to represent seemed to be realized when he agreed to represent Angel. Of course the surprise happened at the end, which I will  not elaborate on. I enjoyed the book and am looking forward to reading more of the Joe Dillard series.
 I really liked the way all the pieces fit together, from his family and his work. The struggles of lifetime choices and how at plays out in the end.
 Interesting book THAT keeps you wondering what will go wrong next! Looking forward to reading the other books in Joe Dillard series!
 An Innocent Client moved at a steady pace and the characters were easy to understand. Some twists were introduced near the end of the book that made you want to continue reading.
 Loved the style and humor.  Scott has a talent for writing.  Throughly enjoyed this plot and looking forward to reading more from him.
 Interesting...I liked the characters, a bit predictable by the end.
 easy quick read
 New author to me I really enjoyed this book now I'm reading the series
 While I felt like the book started out slow, I had trouble putting it down towards the end.  Looking forward to reading the other books in this series.
 First book in the series has me hooked. Likeable characters with multiple story lines that keep your interest. Looking forward to the second in the series.
 Very good book!  Easy reading!
 Good
 Very clever, great humor and very well written.  Enjoyed the book immensely.  Just ordered book 2...love Joe Dillard's character.  Highly recommend the series.
 The characters are realistic and the story line sucks you in from the first chapter. I've now read the entire series, and it keeps you turning pages.
 interesting
 Held my interest from beginning to end ! Twisting you through each turn of events. Good read.
 Excellent character in Joe Dillard...enjoyed reading and looking forward to reading  more.
 Love, love his books.  I just recently found him and can't put them down!
 Excellent new find as far as authors go. So good to come across such a talented author. Gifted in creating characters and weaving an exciting story!
 It was very easy getting into this book. I enjoyed reading about Joe Dillard. Can't wait to read another of Scott Pratt's books.
 Good easy read.
 I enjoyed reading this book and would recommend it to anyone.
 A GREAT BOOK. Great ending after a fast  pace read. The chapter are short and read  fast. The ending was excellent.
 This is one of the best crime books that I have read in quite a while.
 Great book! Looking forward to reading the next in the series! Very entertaining!
 It was good
 No surprises here
 I was in coiurts for years and find the character credible.
 Did not keep my interest. Story was not that good.
 The plot is outstanding. I love this story.
 I just finished this book in one sitting. Well written, with fully developed characters, back story, and engaging plot. Can't wait to read the rest of the series!
 Fast paced and intriguing with a few twists and a satisfying climax.  Fun to discover a new author able to entertain with a well told story and a touch of wit.
 Excellent read.  Interesting characters that held my attention. Did not want to put book down. Refreshingly different from other crime stories with some humor.
 Good read
 Enjoyed a quick read. Found that most of the characters were exaggerated. Either too good or too bad.
 I loved the way the story moved along. Sometimes the storyline can get bogged down in detail. Loved Joe and Caroline too. Thanks Scott fir your brilliant writing.
 It was depressing. Points out the flaws in the judicial system.
 This was a free book through Book bub and Amazon.  I rated the book four stars because the author passed the mechanics of good writing test with flying colors.  He delivered a fast and fun read with just the right amount of seriousness to keep it interesting.  We share the same profession, and I like to read "lawyer" books.  The author raised serious subjects but did not do an inordinate amount of soul searching.  His characters had enough star power to light up any room, but Miss Erlene stole the show. This author delivered what was promised, and to me that is what matters.<br/><br/>Good read, Counselor!
 th and I am  adding  him to my list of go to authors to check when I am looking for a new book.
 I love the fact that he is a veteran and a ranger...Rangers Lead the Way! Keep up the good work!
 This is a new author for me, I have already bought the sequel. Good story, characters and definitely holds your attention!
 I was looking for a light book to read and this book completely hit the spot.  It's well written, with good plot twists and a very likable main character.
 Definitely a good read, tense and full of surprises.  I purchased his next book immediately!
 I am enjoying reading this series. I have spent quite a bit of time in Johnson City, TN and love all the references that I am so familiar with from restaurants to the entire area. I am starting book four now, can't wait to see what it is about.
 Great read
 You don't want to put it down once you get in to it.
 This book really keeps your interest.  First I have read of Scott Pratt.  I am now into the Joe Dillard series of books
 Loved this book. Very well written with good characters and plot. I hope there will be more to read in this series.
 I could not put this down. Kept me on my toes all the way. I could never second guess the writer
 A FAST PACED INTERESTING BOOK BY SCOTT PRATT..  READ IT  IN TWO DAYS.  LOOK FORWARD TO BOOK  TWO IN THIS SERIES'
 Darn good reading- I will rea more in this series!
 Held my interest from the beginning
 Clever, witty, warm, fast-moving. Virgil Flowers meets a Grisham protagonist. I look forward to the remaining seven in the series.
 Always a good read
 Enjoyed this book very much. Interesting  characters that keep you intrigued thru the whole book. Can't wait to read the next one!
 Bought the rest of the series right after reading it. Fun, suspenseful,couldn't read it fast enough. Excellent characters very well described. Will read anything this author writes.
 Story is very good... Great characters
 Just a decent story.
 I read the Joe Dillard series 1 through 8 in less than two weeks - I thoroughly enjoyed each one.  Loved the characters, pimples and all.
 Really good book. Quick read, entertaining! First book I've read by Pratt but looking forward to more.  I am glad I bought this book.
 I enjoyed this book very much. I liked the writing style of this author. Good story. Could not put the book down.
 Scott Pratt knows how to write! He holds your interest from the first sentence to the last one. I ordered another book of his after reading this one. I like the way he writes. I have a bad memory and he has a lot of characters in this story. I had to compose a character list on my computer in word to keep track of his characters. They come at you fast and furious and he only tells who they are about once, so unless you have a good memory you must make a character list that you can search when you forget who is who. Excellent book. I didn't want to put it down and I only read it quickly simply because it was so interesting.
 Intriguing story
 An excellent book that I couldn't put down.  I was pulling for Angel and her lawyer throughout this riveting story line.
 Very amusing and interesting picture of the life of a defense attorney, relationships with clients, judges and the prosecution.
 Still listening to this book.  Both my husband and I are graduates of the University of Tennessee College of Law, and I thought Mr. Pratt's books might be a good read.  While it is interesting to hear places described that are near where we live, I am unimpressed with the borderline vulgar spin he inserts when it isn't necessary.  I hope this first book is a learning tool and subsequent books focus more on plot than the seamy side.  Ok, my husband just said that's really the way law enforcement is -- YEW!  Not in my experience -- but, then, when the good ole boys get together, what do they talk about?
 Great read
 I enjoyed every minute of this book. It always had me wanting to read more! Can't wait to read the next one!
 Didn't get pass a third of the book,  lost interest
 The book was excellent, I am now happily on my way through his whole series.
 Charming, delightful, funny, and an all around good mystery. Enjoyed the when I read it the second time as much as the first time I read it.
 Like this Joe Dillard character, going to read the whole series, Very well written.
 A great read. A real page Turner. A lot of emotional Catharsis. Twists and turns, and unexpected surprises. Very enjoyable.
 This was a fun book with a lot of plot twists. Kept me reading well past my bed time. Will be buying the next book in this series.
 Moves along! Great read.
 I enjoyed the story, it moved along quickly,with a fair number of plot twists. Held together well, with a human hero.
 good easy read interesting would buy the series
 This is my first Scott Pratt book and I enjoyed it very much.  The story itself is an interesting one and the protagonist, Joe Dillard, is extremely likable.  I also liked that he is happily married with a family, something you don't often see in this kind of book.  It is told alternatively in the first person by Dillard and the third person for the rest of the story.  I have read comparisons of Scott Pratt to John Grisham, but I would disagree.  I would compare him to Harlan Coban, which is a compliment.  The characters are likable and there is enough humor to offset some of the more tragic aspects of the story.  The book moves along quickly, always keeping your interest and has a very satisfactory ending.  I would highly recommend it and look forward to reading more of his books.
 Kept me intrigued....an excellent thriller.  Just ordered Book 2 and looking forward to the read.
 Pleasantly surprised. The story line was very good and believable. The author managed to insert sub-plots which did not detract from the main plot.  I'm looking forward to the next novel in the series.
 An OK read...
 Good read
 Reminds me of Sidney Sheldon's writings! I just love Pratt's "last minute wrap-up" of a story! Now, on to book two....
 This is going to be a good series to read.  It's great to see how all the characters in the book fit in.
 Do you want to follow the twists and turns of a murder investigation and trial through the eyes of a defense attorney? Then this book is for you! Fasten your seatbelt and enjoy the ride!
 Cheap read worth the money
 At first I did not like the main character Joe but by 1/4 of the way in - he was my hero!  The story was very intriguing and humorous and hard to put down.  Very good and can't wait to read the next one.
 A very solid book!<br/>The protagonist has all the attributes of the older, intelligent detective. We know we can depend on Dillard. The fat, fundamentalist travelling preacher, however, was almost a caricature as was the owner of the strip club.  A young waitress at the club is caught in the middle when her hair is found on the corpse.<br/>Scott Pratt maintains tension throughout the ordeal but maybe at he expense of rounding out a few of the supportive characters.  Action and tension are his wonderful strengths, characterization not so much.<br/>I recommend this novel and I am looking forward to reading other Joe Dillard books.
 Great read.  Interesting legal and courtroom drama kept me reading as fast as I could.  Look forward to reading his new one.
 The characters were believable and well developed. The story was good with a satisfying ending. I will read more of these books.
 excellent read
 Interesting plot. Bland writing.
 No depth.<br/><br/>Output kufkv out it UT I utiu r Output khcjnviurru oh fkh g it ft y I tkjg
 Scott Pratt is a fascinating author!<br/>Excellent read~it was difficult putting book down. I'm  looking forward to reading Book2 in the "Joe Dillard Series."  Thank you Scott Pratt!
 Excellent
 Quick read, interesting characters, but occasionally had a bit of trouble following the plot. Worth reading.
 This  was the first one in the series. I can't  wait to  read the  next  one in the series. N
 A real page turner.  Good characterisation
 Very fast read. You will look forward to getting back to this read as soon as you put it down. Will definitely read more Scott Platt.
 Great read, kept my interest from start to finish. Can't wait to read the next one! I would recommend this book to anyone who loves a great detective novel.
 Excellent story line, good character development. Enjoyed it.
 New author for me, and I liked the flow of the book. I will read more from him.
 Loved this book, couldn't put it down.  My first Joe Dillard book, but not the last.  Really holds your attention, and very clever plot turns.
 This was a fun read and does keep you guessing.  I will probably read more from this author.
 This was wonderfully written and I couldn't put the book down. I can't wait to read the next book In the series!
 Great new series, I have read the first two and ordered the second two.
 A fast paced read, never boring. I really like his characters. I'm getting the next book in the series right away!
 Good read--fast moving--fun
 It was an enjoyable/ interesting book. I will read his others because of it.
 I was so happy to realize this is a series. Love the characters,  and the story line, just started the 2nd book and I am already hooked.
 This book held my interest and was very well written. The characters are very well thought out. The book was also very suspenseful
 It took to long to get the plot going. Maybe I have got 2 to spoiled by.<br/><br/>Good overall but they spent too long gettygf
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book and will read more of this author.  Parts blended together swell and held interest throughout.  Good wrap up for the ending.
 This book has a bit of everything,  misdirection, subtatude , nasty people working against Joe from all directions.  It kept me guessing till the end!
 A good read. A good paced story with a few twists.
 AWESOME...I bought the boxed set... want more.. I was sad when I read them all... I love this guy Dillard....
 You will be happy that you began reading this series.  This author and his stories are among the best I have read.  As good or better than some of the big names out there.  I will begin on book 3 next.  I borrowed and read the first two when they were released and now have read them again and glad I did to refresh me for the remaining books in the series.  I know, "there are many others out there" so why do this but it was worth it and I had lots of time to do it.
 Well written,pulse quicken,with a surprise ending.Have since read next two in the series ,also Excellent.
 Very, Very, Very Good,  That should sum it up. I just loved the story and the characters in this book and it was very well told.  Keep it up and write more like  it.
 First time reading Scott Pratt and loved it.
 Every addiction begins with a single dose, and "An Innocent Client" was the book that sparked my addiction to Scott Pratt's Joe Dillard Series.  His characters are interesting, likable, and well developed.  His plots are clever, suspenseful, and unpredictable.  In the past two weeks I've devoured the first four of the six books in the series and I'm looking forward to being engrossed in the next two.  If you enjoy a great legal thriller where the narrator reels you in with the first sentence and keeps you riveted until the final page, the Joe Dillard Series is an absolute must read.  Based upon my experience thus far, each book in the series maintains the same exciting momentum as the first.
 I couldn't put it down! Great details and so many twist and turns that keep you wanting more! Fun Read!
 I have never read this author previously. I was hooked from page 1.
 Great legal thriller, a real page turnee
 There was an unknown author once that wrote a little noticed book titled "A Time to Kill".  Turns out he developed into one of the best legal thriller authors and surprisingly millions discovered that his first book was actually one of his best.  If "An Innocent Client" is a fair representation of his literary skills,  I suggest that Scott Pratt might be the next John Grisham.<br/>I lost a lot of sleep, unable to put this book down until finished.  Unlike a lot of books, this one didn't fizzle out at the end, adding compounding twist of plot until the last sentence.  My only diversion before ordering Mr. Pratt's second book was the time it took to write this review.
 Kept me interested...nice twists.  Some a little predictable.  Overall, would recommend it readily. For anyone, not just those interested in law.
 This is one of the more enjoyable books I've read in a while.  Good character development and unpredictable story line. I look forward to reading more by Mr Pratt
 Anyone that likes legal thrillers would like this book.  Look forward to more by this author.
 Good story; well written. Most enjoyable.
 Excellent! I will definitely read it again. The introduction to Joe Dillard is a game changer.
 Thoroughly enjoy this series by Scott Pratt.  I have 5 so far and will buy them all.  Characters are developed, lots of unexpected twists and turns.
 I really enjoyed this book.  It is suspenseful, but not so much that the characters get lost. It is a story about people as much as  a suspense novel.
 Scott Pratt creates characters that have depth. The mystery of "who done it" has enough twists and turns to keep you engaged.  Entertaining read.
 Enjoy the mystery
 Really enjoyed it
 Well plotted. Lots of twists and turns. With a hero you will really like. Could not put it down.  Loved it.
 Fun, action packed, attorney story of murder and defence.  This book is a page turner!  Don't  miss out on a good read.
 This was a fun read. It is a good choice if you like a legal mystery. Indulge yourself with this book.
 Easy read.  Plenty of action.  Finishing this book left me wanting to start the next, which I did!  And I'm not disappointed.
 The characters are very well written and the story kept me reading! I enjoy book series but it is hard to find a series that keeps me interested.
 The ending was worth the wait, fantastic
 I really enjoyed this read. Now on his 5th novel.
 Excellent &amp; interesting portrayal of how things aren't always what they seem to be.  An "on the edge of your seat" novel.
 Good read !
 good quick read
 Loved the twists and turns of the story. Can't wait to see what Dillard does next.<br/>On to the next one.
 This book is riveting.  I couldn't put  it down.  Lots of twists and turns.  The characters seem real and the dialect sounds authentic as you hear it in your head.  Can't wait to read the next one.
 I enjoy reading "who done it" books.  This was a very good one.  I am eager to read the next book.
 Reading the entire series.  I'm on book # 6 now.  That should tell you enough!!
 I like everything about the book. Scott's style is edgy and funny. Pages turn quickly. I look forward to all the others.  Buzz Thielemann....author.
 Moved at a good pace and keep you in the story
 I enjoyed the way Scott fluently writes his characters into play. He is very clear with educating his readers. Enjoyed the book.  Reading more in the series now.
 I almost didn't read it in the first chapter but after that it was very gripping and I liked it a lot.
 I enjoyed it very much.
 This book had goid plot and good character development. You really pulled for Joe and liked him and his family,
 Just when you think you figure it out.... You won't be able to put it down. Shocking to the very end!
 An Innocent Client keeps you anticipating the chapter!
 It wasn't profound, didn't make me think and the end was pretty predictable but it was a good read.  I wasn't bored. For $3 it was worth it.
 Loved the plot and sub plots because they stayed connected... And I loved Joe Dillard...because he stayed consistent( very human)!
 Very, very difficult to follow characters = transition from character to character a chore- good story but author not smooth in jumping from one character to another.
 I took a bit of a flyer on this and was happy I did.  Excellent characters with a lot of internal conflict but it doesn't bog down the overall story.  It kept my interest from beginning to end.  A real page flipper if it had pages.
 Well written with a lot of well-timed twists and turns. A real page-turner. I highly recommend "An Innocent Client"!  Enjoy!
 Lots of twists and turns to this story.  Sure good at keeping the suspense up though.  Came up with an excellent finish.
 Great book! Clever, interesting with a few good twists. I love good court room drama and legal thrillers and this book did not disappoint!
 Great read.  Snuggle up by the fireside type of book.  Loved it.
 I enjoyed it's narration. Good about the law &amp; honest about relationships-how redemption &amp; restoration can occur through one's honesty
 Loved it
 Great read well developed characters.
 A fun read
 Great read
 Great read.  Great characters.  Scott is a fine writer and I will read more of his novels!  You just fall into it and get swept away.
 Very good
 Nice quick read.
 I enjoyed the fast moving dialog and not having to deal with a million different characters.  I highly recommend this book!
 Good story and accurate as far as legal procedures and a lawyers feeling about representing persons charged with a crime.
 First Time reading Scott Pratt, but definitely not the last. Easy to read and the more I read the more I couldn't stop reading. Highly recommend this book and author.
 I throughly enjoyed the character development and story . I plan to order order more of his books that are on kindle.
 Fast paced and entertaining read.  Light reading. Interesting twisted at the end.  Would read another in the Joe Dillard series.
 Not as much suspense, but held my interest til the end.  Didn't know how it would end and I wasn't disappointed..
 Enjoyable from start to finish!
 Enjoy his writing very much. Would also give the same ratings to Pratt's "Justice Redeemed"
 Not super well written but a typical legal tale. I may or may not read another Scott Pratt book this year.
 this is the first time I have read a book by this author and I will probably read more.
 ok
 Great story. I like the manner how the author kept it moving along.
 Loved the book can't wait to read the next one and all the others is his collection .. I bought them all on my kindle
 Great read. My first for Scott Pratt but it won't be my last. Lots of intrigue and humor. Characters are hoots!!
 This book was recommended to me from a stranger, she was on book five. This book was excellent and now I'm on to book two.
 Well written and a fun read.
 Enjoyed the book.  Now starting on Book #2.  Like the lead character.
 I liked Scott Pratt's style of writing
 If you like John Grisham you will love Scoot Pratt. Great characters and plot. Gonna download the next book in the series.
 This book keeps you reading from cover to cover. Strong story lines.
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. It is the kind of book makes you ignore the laundry, ignore the dishes, and even ignore bed time, just to see what happens next.
 first reading of this author..  great story, characters, and well written.  look forward to reading all 5 Joe Dillards novels
 Suspenseful  story of a defense lawyer tired of defending persons guilty of terrible crimes.  Lots of surprises and yet it never got too far out there.
 A good read, I couldn't put it down. I will read the other stories in the series.
 I really enjoyed the book.  A good read
 Loved this book. Couldn't put it down.
 Can't wait to read more of his books keep me on edge. Lots of twists and turns.<br/>I enjoyed the personal part of his life too.
 I enjoyed this book, kept my attention. Made me sympathize with defense lawyers as I am sure there are many that feel as this lawyer did.
 Super. Easy to read. The second and thrird books are even better. I would buy next series.
 This is the first of his books I have read. I am looking forward to starting the next in the list.
 This book had good characters and a good story. I'm looking foreword to reading the next book in the series.
 Book has many twists  and  turns  very  good  read.
 enjoyable read
 Good characters with interesting back-stories!  Kept me reading to see how it would turn out.  Clever without a lot of legal jargon.
 Pretty good story line. However characters superficial and not very believable. Main characters are stilted and incidental characters uninteresting. Fairly good vacation read.
 The characters came to life and we're true to East Tennessee.  Can't wait to get started on the next one.
 I just finished book 4 of this series and came back to encourage anyone to start with 1 and keep going.  Completely enjoying this series!
 Happy ending
 Protagonists that you can get behind and villains that you can loathe. Like the twist of law at the end.
 A little predictable, but still a very good read!
 This was a very good book and I look forward to reading more from him!!
 Great read, full of suspense, I will read the. Whole series<br/>For some reason at the middle of the book  foreign language appeared annoying
 Just have to read this book and the entire series.  Really is a page turner!
 This was a fun murder mystery with a good twist. I would recommend this to anyone looking for an afternoon of reading pleasure.
 I like suprise endings.
 Scott Pratt has written a very interesting story about criminal law as practiced in the US.  Great detail about Tennessee .
 This was very entertaining and an easy read. Great characters too. I would definitely read other books that he wrote.
 Defense attorney, Joe Dillard, has decided he is going to retire after he agrees to take one last case, defending a beautiful young woman, Angel, who is accused of killing a preacher.  In preparing a defense for her, he realizes that the secrets Angel has hidden from her past are forcing him to face the painful reality of his own past and the guilt and shame he has buried deep inside.  Along the way, he must also deal with his older sister's drug abuse, a mother with Alzheimer's, and the dead  preacher's son, who is out for revenge.  I will definitely be reading more books in this series in the future.
 Oh my! This was probably the first crime book I went through all of my emotions.  This was a free book and I absolutely loved it! I have wished listed the entire series so I can read on. The characters are well-developed considering this was only the first in a series, and I can't wait to see how he develops the characters. I  am looking forward to reading the rest of the books in this series, although some of the details of the cases are described very graphically, I guess that is what makes it a crime story.  If you like the guys with the white hats to win once in a while this is a good book for you!
 Any one who enjoys John Grisham will enjoy this.  I am on my second book of the series and am enjoying it as much as the first.
 A good read that keeps the reader guessing until the end.
 Excellent! I'll read everything. I loved this story. Give me more. I'm a lawyer by the way.  His Courtroom portrayal are right on.
 Great first book.  Shades of early Grisham.  I knew what the ending would be, but couldn't figure out how it was done until the reveal.
 As a John Grisham fan I have been looking for other authors in the same field.<br/><br/>I found it with Scott Pratt and his Joe Dillard series.
 Pleasant to read and easy to follow the story line.
 Good mystery with believeable characters. First time to read Pratt. Looking forward to reading more!
 I don't like some legal books but this one great!  I'm can't wait to read the next Joe Dillard!  Good writing Mr Pratt.
 I heard about the book from a friend and actually read this one from the library, but had to have it on my kindle.  I couldn't put it down!! It was such an easy and exciting read.  I am familiar with the east Tennessee area and have been to some of the places mentioned in the book, so it was like I was there with Joe Dillard!!!  I liked so much, I purchased the other 3 in the series.  I have read all of them this weekend and CANNOT WAIT for the 5th and 6th in the series!!! I AM HOOKED!!!!  Keep them coming Scott Pratt!!!
 I thought it was a great read
 It is so hard to find good crime novels. I look forward to reading everything else Scott has written. Thanks!
 Excellent plot, very well written. Smart, compassionate and funny at times. A fast and enjoyable read!<br/>Will certainly read his next book.
 Clever plot and ending.
 Managing to get thru the first chapter was tough and I thought the second chapter would be better.  Not So. Enough reading.<br/>I suggest reading almost any other book
 Interesting read.  Suspenseful.  Kept me engaged and wanting to continue reading.  I purchased this on a whim while waiting at the airport.  When I reached my destination, I didn't want to put it down. Well done!
 Liked the pace of the book. Easy to read. A great holiday book. Will certainly be reading more of this author
 It's a good page-turner
 The plot zips right along, and Pratt has respected his readers by not including paragraph after paragraph of unnecessary detail.  Everything included is pertinent to what's going on.  Characters are developed, so I was engaged in the story.  Pratt seems to be one of the few good mystery writers who are smart enough to leave out the dopey romantic interludes and filler descriptions about stuff the reader doesn't care about.  I'm anxious to read more Pratt mysteries.  The Kindle price is a great deal for quality writing.  Not quite John Sandford (but who is), but pretty close.
 It took awhile to get up to speed but finished well.  will go 2 book 2 in Dillard series.
 I ordered other of his books also,  never been disappointed
 Good read.  A good series by this author.
 Excellent, read that does keep the reader guessing until the end!
 I enjoyed the book and it is a quick read but the author managed a unique twist to the ending!  I would recommend this book to all.  And I would love to read more books by this author!
 It took me at least 4 chapters to get into the book but after that it was good. So much back story too soon.  A few words left out made me re-read the sentences.  That's my only complaint so that leaves a really good book!<br/>I like the main character, Joe.  He isn't what one would think of as a defence attorney.  He was actually human and his love for his wife and kids was refeshing.  Once I got into the story the plot was great. I'm now reading the 2nd one and it's has a better start.
 I enjoyed this book. It kept my interest as the intrigue and suspense unfolded. I wanted to keep reading so I could continue to follow the characters.
 This was my first time reading Scott Pratt and I really enjoyed it and look forward to reading more!
 I really enjoyed reading this book. It held my interest the whole way.  Loved the main characters  Am looking forward to reading more from Scott
 Liked the idea of an innocent client not to the very end,,
 A really nice read :)
 Well written. Believable. Good development of characters. This is the second time  I read it and it was just as good the second time
 I've always liked criminal case dramas. This one has interesting characters and some great surprises.  Well done Scott Pratt.  Thanks.
 This was a good read and was difficult to put down. Great ending. Highly recommend this book  to all mystery readers.
 Well written.
 great read.
 I had never read a book by Mr Pratt but I will be reading more of his Dillard series!  Edge of your seat excitement, I almost finished sooner than I wanted!!
 I couldn't put it down. Even though the majority of characters are slow, easy going southerners...the story feels fast paced. Clever.
 This is a well done page-turner. If you enjoy John Grisham's writing than your certain to like Scott Pratt's work.
 Great book.... bought the next book series!
 I enjoyed the first Joe Dillard story. Just ordered number two
 Best of last few books I've started to read.Will look for more of his books.
 Unusual ending!
 Good read.  Courtroom and legal analysis well done.
 I am usually not a big fan of lawyer and courtroom books.  I prefer straight out murder and mayhem.  But I read several reviews on this book and decided to give it a try.  Far from being dry and boring like I thought, this book was interesting and gripping.  I found myself wanting to keep reading just to find out what was going to happen next.  There were several side stories, each of them interesting in themselves.  The twist and turns were not something that you saw coming. I want to read more by this author and hope that you readers that don't read this type of book will give it a chance too.
 Another great story from Scott Pratt!
 One of the best legal thrillers since Grisham..The last third of the book were great...Ordered another Pratt book..
 Enjoyable book, light reading, but interesting.
 I enjoyed the story and the main characters.
 Page turner. I'm on my way to Amazon for book#2. I intend to read the complete series. Joe Dillard is a great character.
 Loved the story and the character. Started reading and couldn't put it down.<br/>Looking forward to reading more In the series.
 My first Joe Dillard book and it was a good read. Nice twists. Not too complicated... just right. Try it.
 I have just started reading Scott Pratt and I am really impressed with his style..Will be reading any and all of Mr. Pratt's works.
 Very good story.  Kept my interest through the entire book.
 Just discovered this author. Now I want to read everything he has written. I'm on the 3rd Dillard book now &amp; it is excellent.
 Enjoyable book with an interesting reveal at the end. Good character development with the exception of Caroline, Dillard's wife. Plan to read Book 2.
 Highly recommend this book.  It is very well written with interesting plot twists and characters.  I just purchased the next one and looking forward to it!
 My first read by Scott P. Enjoyable with several nice twists.
 Very entertaining and suspenseful book to enjoy.
 This was my first in the Joe Dillard series and that was enough to get me hooked on the next 4.  I love the way Scott Pratt writes, If I had to compare him, I would have to compare him to a Michael Connelly or John Grisham.  Pratt (a lawyer) flows through this legal thriller with Dillard hoping to defend  or at least find one innocent client after representing a number of societies worst low-lives. Their all guilty, Joe knows it and so does everyone else in the legal system, including cops and prosecutors.<br/>Joe's hired by a wealthy strip club owner to defend one of "her girls" who she swears is innocent of murdering a club client.  Joe's fee is whopping $250,000 and he sure he's finally found "an innocent client".  Lots of twists and turns as the story develops.  I binge read this one and could not wait to jump into the next in the series.  Great read and highly recommended to Connelly and Grisham fans.
 Just as good as Grisham!
 Great book. Finished it in two sittings!
 Pratt's book kept me reading it till it was finished. Intriguing, and a sense that justice systems are really like this. Absolutely loved it.
 I'm always looking for a good book series, and I believe this is one. I enjoyed the first book in this series, and am sure I'll enjoy the next.
 Easy reading. Not real deep but entertaining.  Moves right along.  Keeps your interest.
 Great thriller! I couldn't put the book down once I got started. I'm looking forward to reading more books in the  Joe Dillard series.
 It's  a hard  book  to put down. I'm  on his third  book. He keeps  the story  moving at a good pace. I ordered  all the  seven  books  in the series.  Can't  wait to start  the  next  one.
 An excellent read. Heartily recommended
 Love the Joe Dillard series!
 I loved it!!!
 A great book. I enjoyed the Joe Dillard character and am looking forward to the next book in the series
 am interesting read,  Keeps you looking forwartd
 First of the Joe Dillard series so I decide to give it a try after reading some good comments on Amazon and also since I like the Mickey Haller series. Scott Pratt is not Michael Connelly but still I really like this first book and I will give a try to the second for sure to see how the author bring his characters! I found some lengths in the plot but after every characters was in place the actions and the story was real easier to keep me involve. So I would recommend this book to the readers of law and police procedures books lovers! Will tell you more after the second book. Thanks!
 So glad I discovered Scott Pratt and his. Joe Dillard character.  I loved this book, and look forward to reading the entire series.
 Great writing style and engaging characters...I particularly enjoyed the multiple surprising twists! I am hooked and cannot wait to start on the rest of the series.
 Good read
 This is the first book I've read by this author. I thoroughly enjoyed it. The story line was engaging and held together well. I'll be reading more from this author.
 Difficult to put down.
 Looking forward to reading book two! The main character is a likeable guy and you learn how the law really works.
 Loved the book. The twist and turns made it impossible to put the book down. I loved the book so much that I ordered two more in the series.
 Excellent read from beginning to end. As good as any Grisham book I've read.  Looking forward to reading the next book in the series.
 It was an ok story. Interesting characters, but a little too much lucky coincidence for my taste. All in all, average
 Good read with good ending for the good guy.  Live in Knoxville and grew up in SW  VA so it was interesting to read pretty accurate descriptions of the region.
 Good book Quick read good start to a series
 The author made me feel like I was an invisible part of the story letting me really inside the character.
 I really enjoyed this book.
 I didn't see it coming. This book had me guessing. Not at all predictable. I think I'll see what else Dillard gets into
 I liked this clever book by Scott Pratt and plan to read  the entire series. It was an easy, enjoyable read.
 This book is pretty good. I enjoyed it enough to try a sequel to it. Not really excited about it.
 I loved this book and look forward to more books written by this author!
 Awesome read! I didn't anticipate the end and enjoyed the familiarity with the area. Looking for the next one!
 Excellent drama, interesting.
 Great fast paced interesting story!
 Was good, not sure about the ending.<br/>Will read more books by him.<br/>Can only get better.
 I liked the writing style.  Characters were realistic.  Looking forward to book 2
 A good but nor outstanding book. Not enough to grip all the time
 I really enjoyed this book.  I am already hooked - will read the entire series.
 Intricate and intwined plot. Well drawn characters. A true reading pleasure. I look forward to reading the next book in the series.
 Loved it. On book four now!
 I liked it, it was well written and kept my interest. I will read more by him.
 I downloaded this book free on my kindle a while back. Last week I started reading it. It was well written, good story line, intriguing characters. Enough so that I've been doing very little but working and reading through the other books in the series. I highly recommend it. I've just finished book 6, and am disappointed the next one is the last one available in the series. Mr Pratt--more Joe Dillard please!<br/><br/>In this book Joe Dillard is tired of representing criminals and hopes for one innocent client. Along comes Angel Christian, and everything about her screams innocence, and that she is being framed. You'll love this story...enjoy!
 Great book
 Look forward to the next in this series.
 Ducks and dives. Bobs and weaves.  Change in the person narrative and a few kinks on the way. Fun characters and thoughtful monologues.
 Awesome story, very unpredictable which is what I enjoyed the most. Looking forward to the next book in the series.
 You'll be pulled in and held tight until the very end. I laughed, I cried, I called it my own.
 I enjoyed the book from beginning to end.<br/>I recommend you read it.<br/>It was a relaxing, but engaging read.
 Good character development and colorful situations.  I recommend it and I may even read it again.  Certainly I will look for more of his books.
 This was a fun and easy read.  The story was interesting and the characters were well developed.  I will definitely read the second book in the series.
 Good read. I'm looking forward to reading more from Scott Pratt
 Great read. Lots of plot twist. And the transition from first party narrative to third party narrative is seamless. Looking forward to the other books in this series.
 I liked the way it ended. It was a surprise.
 I have<br/><br/>I am reading no. 6in the series. They have all been excellent. I had not been able to stop. He certainly is a great writer. Keep them coming!
 A good read. Nice twists &amp; turns
 Put it down after a few pages.  I don't need to read about BJ's and really seedy things.  Murder yes!  Won't read anymore.
 Great characters and clever plots. Really enjoyed this book and I will be looking out for more from this writer.
 Loved this book. Scott Pratt has a new fan<br/>Already have book two download and can't wait to get just to it
 Loved it. He just caught you up in the sorry and life of Joe Dillard!
 I love a good crime mystery and this one had me hooked. I fell for the characters and the divine twist of brilliance at the end. A fun read.
 Touching at times. Nice legal parts.  Suspense and intrigue thrown in too.<br/>I could not put the book down!<br/>I recommend.
 Enjoyed the twists and turns in the book. A good read, with a great chuckle at the end. Worth reading if you enjoy courtroom drama
 I couldn't put it down. Very funny in some parts and suspenseful in others. I can't wait to read the next one.
 I tried this first book in the series on a whim. And because I love series. It didn't disappoint. Looking forward to reading the next books in the series.
 The author truly brings you in for a great ride.  He develops his characters to where you truly know them, and love or hate them, sometimes both.  It is faced paced and a quick read.  A great book for the beach or a lady Sunday.
 Excellent read very easy to get into the story, Scott knows how to paint a picture of what you are reading, I would recommend to everyone
 Well written book that kept me guessing to the very end. I can't wait to read more Joe Dillard books!
 This is the best book I have read in a long while. Great characters, great story. I can't wait to read the next one.
 Loved the storyline. Some predictable parts, some very suspenseful parts but overall a great book. Great ending! Can't wait to read book 2.
 After reading ordered next two. Right up there with John Grisham
 Great book! Going to read the series!!
 Great read
 Easy read, kept me interested.  What's going to happen next? Loved it.
 As far as legal thrillers go this was ok.  It felt sort of predictable and simple.  It's an easy read so I would recommend for someone going to the beach.
 This was a surprisingly good book. Recommend for light reading.
 A twist at the end! I loved it
 It was easy to read and keep track of each person without rereading chapters to keep track.  Will read more of this series
 I read a lot....this book kept my interest the whole way. I look forward to the next book in the series.
 Scott Pratt is a master story teller.  He builds his characters and makes them more human by adding humor in a subtle way.
 well written and well plotted,full of twists and turns.The characters were well developed and full of human weaknesses.
 Kindle app won't let me exit the book without a review. Frustrating beyond belief. It also requires set amount of words.
 Entertaining with many twists!
 Plan to read all the other ones. A great read!
 Enjoyed this thriller.  Character development was entertaining and subplots well blended to define good guy, Joe Dillard. Look forward to next book!
 I picked this out just to give it a try not sure if it would be any good.  I have to admit I really enjoyed it and now plan to continue to read more in the series.  I liked the main character with his flaws and problems I found him to be very believable.  I also liked the depictions of the various parts of the justice system which were unfortunately much truer to life than many might believe.  I also like to read books with "quick read" chapters making it easy to stop for a break either wanted or forced by the outside interruptions of life.  The ending of this book was both a bit surprising, satisfying and enjoyable.
 This story is a great read with an interesting plot and conclusion. I will buy his next book and recommend it.
 Good read could not it it down look forward to your next one keep them on point not a lot of decription
 I started reading this author and was so glad that I did.  As a mystery buff I am always looking for new books, especially those with detective and lawyer sleuths. Scott Pratt gave me just what I was looking for.  I have been reading his series of mysteries and have not been disappointed. Seeing the characters lives grow in each book makes them more personable.  Editing is a minor problem that I have been able to overlook.  I highly  recommend this book to those who enjoy mysteries. Easy reading that keeps me interested until the very end. I am always anxious to follow these characters in the next book!
 Good read
 Well written. Keeps the reader thinking as a good book should do. Writer deserves to be better known by community of readers.
 I really enjoyed this book
 Scott Pratt's first novel in the Joe Dillard series was a great read. Imagine a criminal defense attorney whose foremost wish is to represent an innocent client. I won't describe the plot, but the author has created a cast of characters and a protagonist  so real they virtually jump off the page. This was the first of a series, and spurred me on to read others by Mr. Pratt. Kudos for a well-done novel with crisp dialogue and a fine plot. A well-deserved five stars!<br/><br/>Mark Rubinstein
 Good book.  Interesting, colorful.  Would read others by him.
 Not one his best - too much narrative - not enough sex. Lets not kid ourselves - no one buys Ray Gordon because the writing is great!
 I just thought it kept you involved with what could possibly happen next type of story. I know early on if a book is worth the time to read it.  This one definite,you was. It was exciting to me.
 I liked it enough to read more books by the same author.
 Good book  easy reading  Had the right number of characters
 I don't normally care for lawyer/courtroom stories, but glad I gave this a try!  Well written - love his characters. Will be looking for more Joe Dillard stories.
 This was such a good book! It was hard to put it down! Now to read the second!
 Fun mystery with interesting characters and plot.
 Second half got more interestin
 Great read. Fast paced. Ready to enjoy the next book in the series. Love the setting and the town. No stagnate parts
 Good book.....will continue to read in the series.
 Great read - hard to put down finished in two days. Looking forward to reading more in the Joe Dillard Series.
 I couldn't put it down. I read the whole thing at one time. I was totally surprised at the ending!
 An interesting story but a bit slow at times. enjoyed the read
 It's amazing how the law can be side-stepped if necessary. Great story with an isight to the law! A good read!
 Absolutely love this author.  Have read all his books.
 Light and easy read
 This was a great read with plenty of twists and turns! I will be watching for more from this author.
 Great book by Patterson must read would actually read it again
 One of the best books I've read in recent years. Can't wait to read the next book by Scott Pratt, which will be right away.
 This was a good quick read.
 Really liked the writing - good suspense.  A real page turner
 Clever, fun read
 Fantastic characters and entertaining plot.  From beginning to end I would highly recommend this book and the others in the series!
 Suspense filled while short and to the point and very realistic situation
 An easy enjoyable read.<br/>Lawyers and madams, goodies and baddies - almost too good or too bad to be plausible.
 Good story
 Interesting, but not memorable.
 I enjoyed the book sugar.  It was a fun read just enough excitement and suspense to keep me reading  can't wait to read another.
 Loved the main character and the twist at the end
 Very  entertaining  on several levels, one  should never  underestimate cunning yet caring women.<br/>Enjoyed reading, would recommend to friends<br/><br/>Thanks
 Great book! Loved the characters, read the second also, buying the third today
 Great read with wonderful characters.  I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys a good book.  I am looking forward to Book #2 of the series.
 My sister introduced me to this author and I am so glad she did. Can't wait to read the next one. Not a dull moment!
 Good suspense, real characters. Couldn't put it down. Enjoyed the writing style you will too .Nice job Scott..Can't wait for #2.
 I really enjoyed this book..if you like John Grisham, you will probably like this series of books.
 Loves thé twist toward thé end.  Will look for more books by Scott Pratt.  Recommend to anyone who enjoys à good turn.
 Enjoyed this book tremendously. It was a comfortable read.  I felt like I was in the room with Joe as he figured it all out.  On to the next book.
 Excellent work...both the mystery and legal story and the personal story....seldom get both....plan to keep reading this series...if you enjoy reading John grisholm you will also enjoy scott Pratt
 Surprises and good planning!  Really enjoyed and just downloaded the 2nd in series.  Looking forward to continuing with Joe Dillard!
 Took me a while to get into the book but when I did I couldn't put it down.
 Very enjoyable read. Will read others in series
 Excellent read
 Great story, more twists and turns than the dragons tail. Story line that kept me guessing right up until end, unlike many I've read
 Very easy read and story flowed throughtout
 this book has me reading the whole series.  Entertaining
 A new perspective for a legal battle. I will read more from this author.
 A real page turner!! Action packed, great plot with reactions by charactors that are real and a happy ending!! What a breath of fresh air!
 Great story line and characters.  I definitely recommend the book and will add Scott Pratt and to my favorite author list.
 Great characters and good plot
 “AN INNOCENT CLIENT is a great legal thriller starring Tennessee Public Defender Joe Dillard. He is such an interesting character that I am glad to hear that this is a series with more books available. The main crime in the story involves a phony Reverend who ends up murdered after a night of spending the collection basket at a strip club. He is also missing his manhood.<br/><br/>While this is the main case, there are a couple others that help the reader see what kind of person Joe really is. It's refreshing to see this type of series written about a married couple with a family. Joe has many dimensions and we get to see them all in this first book with how he interacts with his family, his sister, his mother, his clients, and the rest of the legal community.<br/><br/>Erlene, the owner of the strip club, is a hoot. She has brains and money and pretty much drives the outcome of the case. Joe's sister Sarah is a sad-sack character, and it will be interesting to see how she manages in the future (because I am going to read the other books in this series).<br/><br/>I can highly recommend this book - Enjoy!
 The twists and turns were great. Suspenseful through and through. And it all finished up on a happy note to boot.
 A good read with interesting twists. I'm looking forward to more exploits from the hero. Definitely worth  follow up of his exploits.<br/>Janet Fletcher
 What a great book! From writer to lawyer to writer again! Scott takes his experiences and turns them into great stories. I think we all want to tell our stories at one time or another by creating something truly fantastic to keep the reader's mind wondering which is real and which is fiction. Scott does this for we citizens of Washington County, TN. What revelations! Scott's talents will take him places. I'm sure of it. Watch out John Grisham!
 I highly recommend Scott Pratt books.
 Excellent read
 It's a good read with a an interesting set up nice twist at the conclusion.  I will look for more of Scott's books.
 This is the first book I've read by Scott Pratt and it won't be the last. The plot twists are clever and kept me on my toes until the very end. I look forward to reading the next book in the series!
 I couldn't wait to find out what happened!  Great book and kept my attention throughout.  Highly recommend this book.
 I love books that keep you interested. I couldn't put the book down. I bought the whole series. Loved it!!!
 Interesting plot, wth several characters, lead you to a surprise at the very end...
 It was an ok read
 Great read really enjoyed it. Easy to read yet exciting. Will read more from the author
 excellent writer  easy to read and excellent story  can't say enough about this excellent writer
 Loved the owner of the club. Author does a nice job sucking you in and not letting you go.  Highly recommend.
 A good easy read, but nothing spectacular. Will buy the next in the series.
 Easy read, hard to put down. Anxious to see where the plot is taking me. Highly recommend read for mystery lovers.
 It's a interesting read. 3.5 may be ... Not a bad story at all.<br/>The story and some of the characters reminded me of movie My Cousin Vinny though the book and movie has nothing to do with each other.
 I'm a fan of court room drama, and this novel delivers all I look for. Smart quick paced plenty of twists.
 For an initial book in a series, this was a good start.  I definitely plan to read at least one or two more of the 8-book series to see if the author is able to develop more fully his characters for the benefit of the reader - I thought a couple of the characters seemed extraneous and did little more than tell you what Joe Dillard did with his days other than work for his "Innocent Client."  I also think the use of alternating narrators is tricky and should be used only to generate emotion on the reader's part toward the antagonist and/or the protagonist.  Overall, a good read, but hoping the rest in the series have more meaty content.
 I enjoy reading this book it had many stories and also a sad part o it A nice suspense book
 Very like able character and kept your attention. Will look forward<br/> reading other books by this author. Story line was Entertaining and imaginative but not too out there.
 The only thing he left out was Sarah`s situation. Did she finally got out? Or did she have to continue her six year term?
 I greatly enjoyed "An Innocent Client" -- the first novel in the Joe Dillard series by Scott Pratt. I plan to read the other books in the Dillard series in chronological order. The book has a nice plot with plenty of twists and turns. I enjoy novels featuring courtroom drama -- especially those without the heavy-handed political overtones that are woven through novels by John Grisham and Scott Turow. Moreover, this book is a very easy read, especially for someone like me who occasionally can only find time to read for five or ten minutes at a stretch.
 I love every thing Scott Pratt writes.
 The characters we're just that characters, and the ending was awesome, as well as funny. I would definitely recommend this book too my friends. Thank you for the read.
 I like the way this book is presented, the time line is appropriate to the story. Joe Dillard has spoken up for defendant lawyers
 I loved this book! It took turns I never would have expected but didn't go outside of plausible. Will read more from him!
 I have now read 5 of Scott's books. All excellent. A cross between John Grisham and Michael Connelly.
 this is the 3rd in the series i have read and all of them are so good.
 This was a wonderful surprise.  Great storytelling.  I'm going to read the whole series.  A great legal thriller.  Well done.
 A fast read, and interesting premise.  I like the lead character
 I have been looking for someone who did lawyer novels like the old Grisham yarns. This did not disappoint and I am a bit surprised. This is an independent author and my experience is not so good.  Often those are barely so-so. This was a very quick read even for a slow reader like me, the character development was really pretty darn good, and the story itself was written very well. It did not have the complexity of a Baldacci or like that, but it was a really enjoyable story. There were no slow boring, skip this section places. I will buy more of this guy.
 A real.page Turner. Really enjoyed the colorful character development and touches of humor. Will be moving on the the second in this series right now!
 Held you're interest but not as good as some of his other books
 Very good - not far off Grisham!
 Really good read, with honest characters. You can envision those folks living in your own town hiding their secrets.  Can't wait to read another by this author.
 Scott Pratt is a great story teller.  He keeps the pages turning.  Excited read more of his books.
 Kept you moving through it wondering what will happen next.
 This was an interesting read. The charracter are well defined. I will read more from Scott Pratt.
 Scott Pratt holds his own with the top dogs of writing.  I stumbled upon his series and now I am hooked.  Going to download the next book in the Joe Dillard series.
 Interesting, fun and exciting. Great little twist and characters are very real.  I'll be reading more of your books.  Well received
 Well done, surprise ending - thought I had it figured out but was wrong.
 The book was good.  The writer jumped around a lot but a book that kept
 Found it interesting and entertaining
 Good story.<br/>The author does an admirable job writing and showing his story. The pacing is somewhat slow. But, that appears to be the main character's personality. "Joe Dilllard" slow and mythological. Pratt makes the story simple all the while making sure he includes a murder or two, some violence, dismemberment, incest and sodomy. So the book is not for everyone.<br/><br/>If you want a good quick read. And like this sort of story. You'll like this book
 Kept your interest. Ending a little weak. Overall very good!
 Catchy and with an interesting Twist! I love it when a book catches me by surprise. Definitely a good read!
 I could have done with less vulgarities,particularly sexual references.
 Weak variation on the theme of "The girl with the dragon tattoo"
 Well-told story; well-developed characters.
 Good story but felt fragmented to me. This is my first read by this author
 Tried this on a whim and glad I did! I was interested from the beginning and the plot twist was great!
 Good fast read on a rainy day. I wasn't sure "who did it" until the end. I will read more by this author
 Love the book, could not put it down.  Scott Pratt is a very good writer.  I love his style. love the character, Joe Dillard.  Keep those stories coming.
 This was a very good legal mystery.  It is the first in the series and it is hard to believe it could be the first book by the author. I found it well written and well plotted, with side, but not completely unrelated, threads that all resolved well.<br/><br/>Joe Dillard, successful but rather sick at heart, is tired of practicing law and longs for just one innocent client.  He gets his wish, but with a twist.<br/><br/>Another reviewer said "Not a new John Grisham", and I agree.  Unlike Grisham legal thrillers, this book was not unremittingly cynical.  I like Pratt's style better.
 Good story and well written.
 I had not read a legal case suspense novel for years and really enjoyed.
 Excellent book. Easy read. Great development of characters. Definitely will read other works from this author and recommend him to others.
 It has nothing to envy other better known writers. great reading ,very entertaining ,I will continue reading this author with no doubt
 An easy read although predictable at times . The plot had a few twists amongst the predictables however looking forward to reading his next story
 I rank this author right up there with John Grisham. I look forward to reading the rest of this series.
 Good read sets the stage for the rest of his books. Well written, entertaining and keeps you in suspense.
 In easy enjoyable read. Many LOL experiences.
 Great read. Enjoyable book. Interesting plot and characters.  Didn't see the ending coming. I can't wait for the next book.
 Captivating great read.  Simply Luvd it.  Fast paced and engaging plot.  Great character development.  On to book number 2.  Yes
 First time I read this guy and I liked it.
 The term I think describes this book the best is A Fun Read. I have read a lot of new authors breaking in to the legal thriller genre lately, and this one was one of the best from an enjoyment standpoint. Character development was great, and the story had enough twists to make you sure you had it figured out until,,,wait a minute...hmm. It is in a different class than a Grisham story, maybe a little closer to Michael Connelly's Mickey Haller series. I think Scott Pratt has a gift for this, as after reading his first in this series, the remaining 4 books are being delivered to my Kindle as I type this.
 Kept my interest.
 Although a bit crude here and there, overall this is a very good story that keeps your interest until the end.
 I really enjoyed this book from beginning to end! It was an easy read that kept me guessing. I highly recommended it.
 This book has everything a legal thriller should have, including a very appealing attorney who is sick to death of defending scum and longs for one innocent client before he packs it in. The case that comes his way that is a good example of be careful what you wish for when a mysterious runaway calling herself Angel Christian is accused of murdering a preacher and a flamboyant madam makes Joe an offer he can't refuse. Apparently this is Mr. Pratt's first effort, self-published, and I gave it a try because it was free for my Kindle. I've done this before with mixed results, some books so poorly written that even I, compulsive about finishing what I start, am defeated by the amateurish effort, worn out by sending in error content messages that I doubt anyone will ever see. Imagine my excitement when all I had to do was enjoy the book! Bravo, Mr. Pratt. And thank you!
 Great story looking forward to the next one. A few twists to keep it interesting. Well thought out  thank you
 I was pleasantly surprised at how intriguing this book was. Now reading the second in the Joe Dillard series.
 Really liked this book
 Fast paced, fun read, good characters.
 I'm on the Third book of the series, now. Enjoying every one of them.
 Impossible to put it down! I will read the second Joe Dillard book as soon as I finish writing this sentence!!!
 Finished this book in one day kept me hooked thank you. For a brilliant fast moving storyline will be buying next book in the series
 This was my first Scott Pratt book but it sure won't be my last !  Great read . love his style, his content, and the emotions he puts in his books.
 easy reading and enjoyable
 Great read. Good character development and an interesting setting  Plot causes one to think about how secrets are kept. Would recommend it to others
 Good story. Fast paced. Interesting characters.
 I read all 7 so far. Incredible
 Very engaging writer. His books are consistently good reads, and the continuity of characters is well done.
 This book was pretty good but nothing extraordinary. It was entertaining and I enjoyed it. Good for a relaxing read.
 dd not like some of the language
 If you love a good murder mystery, pick up this book! The characters are engaging in the pace is quick
 I love Joe Dillard and Scott Pratt's sense of humour.  An enjoyable, easy-to-read book with an interesting story line.Now on to the second book in the series...
 I enjoyed reading this book. It kept my interest and looked forward to reading it. Best of all I did not figure it out before I got to the end.
 Enjoyed this story very much and looking forward to reading the next in the series.  Well done, Scott<br/><br/>Will review next book too.
 Lots of crazy twists and turns. Very good read.
 A new favorite series!
 Good book. We will read more of Pratts books.
 Was hooked from the first page to the last. Very easy to read and hold your attention. I would definitely recommend this book to my family and friends
 Good book .. Holds one's interest
 It only took a few words to get me hooked on Joe Dillard.  Pratt develops intriguing characters and spins a good tale.  It's a great read.  I'm ready for more!
 The plot was good but  the language was undesirable and annoying.
 I thought the character development was good. I found the story interesting  and the characters engaging. Writing in first person mode worked well.
 I could not put the book down. Great entertainment.
 It was entertaining and I finished the book. It was easy to read and kept my attention.
 I'm so glad I've discovered this author.  The books are very well written and I enjoy the Joe Dillard series immensely.  You will not regret having read any of these books.
 Enjoyed reading this book
 Exceeded expectations.
 Page turner - well written legal thriller and a real good read - cant wait to read the next one.
 An easy interesting read.  Most of the characters were so likable and smart.
 The book sports some clichés from the boozer detective to the broken lawyer but somewhere in the middle I got lost in the story and enjoyed where it took me. Predictable and some unexpected twists made it a good read.
 A really fun read. Exciting, credible and a page turner. Interesting characters. I will read more books in this series.
 Great plot with real twist and turns.  Messy with pride and secrets  and an interesting ending. I really enjoyed and did not want to put down while reading.
 Excellent!
 I could not stop reading. Finished the book in a few hours and then bought the next book in the series.
 Not hooked on the series.
 I liked the first book well enough to buy 2 more (i'm still reading #3). Since I knew about the characcters from "Unjustice for All" I winced a little at all the back story, but later appreciated the setting of the foundation. I liked both books, but this one is the best so far. Scott has an easy and distinctful style, and being familiar with Tnnessee, the settings are fun too. I have already recommended this author verbally and now do so electronically.
 It's okay but I wouldn't feel compelled to buy another Scott Pratt off the back of it.
 good book
 I really liked the series and wish there were more after reading all of them.I hope to see more soon.
 Well developed characters and story line.  Makes you want to read more about Joe Dillard and his family.  Recommended to anyone who enjoys easy read legal stories.
 A great book . Loved the characters and the area it was written about.
 I enjoyed reading it.  Scott's a good writer. I plan on reading the entire series.
 Brilliant plot twist. I enjoyed this
 The first time I've read this author, I will read more.
 I truly enjoyed every minute.  All the twists and turns in the plot.  Great ending too! Can't wait for book number two.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Joe Dillard is a brilliant lawyer with a huge heart.  Great story.  I already bought the second book in the series.
 I've enjoyed this entire series very much. The writing just keeps getting better with each book in the series.
 Nice quick book that I got for $.99 for kindle. Very well developed characters and a fast-paced mystery that keeps you turning the pages.
 I t was a good read and I enjoyed it.  Looking forward to more books by this author.
 It was similar to Grisham's work. Enjoyable and quick read.
 Excellent book. Kept your interest from the first page. A very good description of the characters. I highly recommend it and will read book 2 of this series.
 Good Read
 Great read.
 Great read, well written and believable. Makes you think how many guilty have gotten away with murder! This time it was right.
 Interesting character development and handling of effects of sexual abuse. Holds one's attention. Good analysis of roles of players in court cases.
 What a joy to find a self-published author on Amazon who is so good. Great series, great writer, great price. Wonderful characters and suspense and legal drama. Highly recommended!!<br/><br/>I wrote the above after reading this first novel. I am now on Joe Dillard number four and I can't recommend this series highly  enough! I regularly, and you probably do too, spend $10-$15 on Kindle books that hard half as good as this series. Do yourself a favor and read these. They're absolutely and thoroughly enjoyable legal thrillers!
 Simply written.  Kept my interest throughout the book.  I enjoyed the slight twist at the end of the book.  I just downloaded the 2nd book in the series.
 This us a great read. If you like "lawyer" stories with more than a touch of human interest, you'll enjoy An Innocent Client.
 Great read.  Lots of twists and turns
 Really enjoyed the book.  It moved effortlessly through an interesting story with a great balance of activity and insight.  Thanks
 Good read! I enjoyed the book very much  and look forward to reading other books by Scott Pratt in the "Joe Dillard" series.
 I have found a new author in Scott Pratt. I really enjoyed this book and will be reading the others in the series as well.
 Averybfun read.  Great story line written in a direct manner
 Very good book!  I would recommend it highly. It's the best independent book I have read in a long time.
 I enjoyed this book . Story lines are basic with comfort and predictability of a TV script. I liked the characters and would purchase another book - at the discounted rate.
 Great writing!
 Really liked this book. I am looking forward to the next one in the series. Joe and his family are interesting and "real" characters.
 This was a great book, hard to put down.
 I must say how pleased I was with this book, and after reading many of the posts on his blog, Scott Pratt himself seems pretty impressive. I loved this book and the characters in it were also great. Not sure why people have given it bad reviews, it was entertaining and the story was really good, lots of interesting people in the book as well. Looking forward to reading all of them, after I completed this one I went and got all the others, and such a great price, value for money definitely!! Recommended court room fiction.
 A great read that portrays the human side to courtroom battles. At least some battles end well for the abused.
 Excellent.  A wonderful writer
 i just finished my first scott platt read, and just bought my second one.  it was that good. highly recommended.
 A great read. Wonderful characters, great story and kept me wanting more.
 Well written and interesting. I will definitely be reading more from this series.
 Kept me guessing about who did it and the outcome. Characters were very likable and believable. Funny and emotional all at the same time.
 It's been a long time, a really long time, but now we have a new hero lawyer.  Joe Dillard has all the qualities you would want your lawyer to have. Gutsy, tenacious, insightful, oh, and a little bit crazy, which makes for a perfect story. His family is flawed, but don't mess with one of them. Seriously, don't. The psycho side comes out then which makes you love him even more!  Great read doesn't even describe this book. I bought the Joe Dillard box set books 1 thru 5. Save your time and do the same. If you read just one you WILL want more. Thanks Scott Pratt. Please keep writing and don't change a thing except the story line!
 Purchased the whole set, can't wait to start on number 2. I want to know what happens next, I will keep you posted
 Sometimes people do get what they deserve . This story took some great  turns and  made me really like it thanks for a good read!  Bmc
 OK read. Some nice legal twists and turns.
 Good plot and surprising  solution. Scott is one of  the best of  thriller writters. I consider  him beter than latest Grisham.
 great stories about court proceedings and the people involved with lawyers. I enjoyed it a lot b/c I'm a retired court clerk.
 Got caught up with the characters. Easy reading. Will definitely read more books by Scott Pratt
 Yes, I said heart but at the same time a "no nonsense" type of guy. I was impressed with this book because it wasn't overloaded with testosterone and bravado.  A good story with everything going on in Joe Dillard's life such as his mother dying and his druggie sister in jail he still hangs in there in his professional life. Murder and mayhem taking place regularly but the story keeps on keeping on. I didn't loose track of the storyline once and loved the way it ended. An outstanding effort Scott, keep up the good work.
 A good read - easy read - entertaining - legal background excellent.
 Great story. This series is addictive Going to read all in the series.
 Not worth the money
 Justfinished reading An Innocent Client (Joe Dillard Series Book 1) and am really impressed with this author's character development and all the twists and turns.  Landers (an investigator) is a slimy, underhanded character and Pratt makes you want to take a shower after reading about him.  Pratt's description of Erlene Barlowe character and her antics are absolutely brilliant.  This book is my first introduction to Scott Pratt's books and I'll definitely read more of his writings.  EXCELLENT and keeps you interested and coming back for more intrigue.  GOOD JOB!!!!  Keep writing.
 The author has created engaging characters and built in unsuspected twists that made it hard to put this book down.
 Good read
 Great book! I couldn't put it down. I can't wait to start reading the next one.
 I could not stop reading this.  He is a great author. I'm reading another one of his books right now and cannot put it down.
 Couldn't put book down was so good
 A different twist on a murder trial. I'm going to read the next book in the series!  Joe Dillard might become one of my regular bedtime friends.
 This was one of those books, one starts to read, and you hate to put it down. It had likable characters and was genuinely funny!
 This is a awesome book it kept me guessing until the very end..a very suspenseful thriller...I would defiantly recommend  it
 Enjoyable read!
 It's a decent first novel. Although, if you're into court dramas you will be able to fairly predict the story. All in all, not much drama in actual court room as expected.
 Entertaining
 Not only Joe Dillard but Scott Pratt. Compassionate compelling drama unfolds in every chapter. Mr Pratt again has managed to bring a level of realism and believability to his story. The intricacy with which he is able to develop in his story and characters is superior to other suspense authors. I find MR Pratt a very welcome addition to the world of fiction; fiction so real and fast paced you feel like part of the action. REALISM, COMPASSION and Heart felt emotions describe this author's style. Dillard is a cross between Columbo and Mickey Spillane. KEEP UP THE GOOD, NO GREAT WORK. I ALREADY HAVE THE NEXT BOOK IN MY QUE. I MAY NEVER LEAVE THE HOUSE!
 Good book. Easy to read. But was anticipated the final. I was hoping that the autor would surprice me more.
 I loved the plot. It was great the way the story changed direction at the end.  Looking forward to his next book.
 It was a very good read. Liked the characters very much. I have already started the second book in the series.
 I enjoyed his book because it is about the area I grew up in.
 Great read as never know what happens next. Highly recommend it if you like mystery with twist and turns.
 Grabs you and makes you want to read more of this lawyers cases. I have just purchased the next 4 books in this series
 Love the characters and the story. Not a lot of sexual content that does nothing for the story. Looking forward to next book in the series
 This is the first in a series.  It is the only one I have read.  Having read this one, I will likely read some of the others too.  It was an entertaining story in a good setting with colorful characters.  I'll have to say that I liked the story as well as the satisfaction that came with the conclusion --- which does indeed take a two-and-a-half-quarter twist at the end.  Incidentally, I don't own a cat and I will have to say that after reading this, I have no intention of ever getting one, either.
 Easy read and keeps your interest
 Don't remember when finished.
 This book kept my interest until the very end, with some surprising developments. The characters are well devoted and engaging, Thanks for a great read!!!
 Good job of keeping things moving. Change of paces throughout. Have to wonder if he ever gets an innocent client.
 Hey guys .  It's a great read.  Holds your interest til the surprise ending!  Several great twists in the plot!
 I enjoyed reading this book. Good writer.
 Very fun read. Lots of twists and turns<br/><br/>Will pick another one of his books soon. Could not put it down
 Fast paced read. Enjoyable, quirky writing style. Court room drama with pain, humor and surprise. First time I read Pratt- won't be the last!
 Very good read since I live in the Tri-City area!
 This is the first book I have read by Scott Pratt. I read other reviews and am confused by the negativity. I think he is right up there with John Grisham, Scott Turow and other wonderful legal thriller authors. I read this in two nights and just couldn't get enough.  It was very entertaining and, I believe, full of truth about the legal system and it's characters, on both sides. I agree with another reviewer's feeling that it was refreshing to  see someone with a happy family life on the outside. I am looking forward to more of the Joe Dillard series.
 Well-developed characters that are easy to care about. Hard to put down. Good read.
 Very well written. I enjoyed completely. Can't wait to read the next in the series.
 I want to read the next one so that says something in its favor, right?
 I haven't finished the book yet, but I have to take issue with the people who are comparing this author to John Grisham.  They both write about lawyers, but that's about the end of the similarity.  Grisham does not include sexual references, especially at the frequency that Mr. Pratt does.  One of his characters does not have a single paragraph when he is not thinking about sex, describing sex, just had sex or just about to with just every girl in town.  As far as I can see, this relatively minor character has nothing to do with the plot and all of this prose about him is just to increase the length of the book.<br/><br/>It's very disappointing, because the main plot has been very satisfying so far.<br/><br/>I finished the book and it got much better.  The emphasis moved from the one dimensional character to the courtroom which was very well written.
 Intelligent characters, quick pace, an overall good book. I just bought the 2nd in the Dillard series. Looking forward to it!
 Great read
 Disliked the language and comments regarding women made by the TBI agent
 Very good' light' mystery.
 Unfamiliar with author when I started this series.  Will continue to read the entire series.  Kept me guessing on how it would end.
 Interesting,
 A fun book to read!
 Enjoyed it very much.
 Well written with good twists at the end.  I really enjoyed reading this book and it held my interest from cover to cover.
 great story development...believable characters...believable setting...a very good read...
 Good writer
 Loved it. Excellent writing, with just enough twists and turns to keep the reader guessing.
 Compelling characters and fascinating plot!  Will keep you up all night!  I can't wait to get the next in the series!
 I liked it so much I chose it for my book club book.  I just read it again and enjoyed it all over again.
 This was the first I have read by Scott Pratt and I am hooked. Bought the other three in the Joe Dillard series and am now on the third one. They are all good and I plan to watch for his latest from now on.  He writes like he is talking to you and my husband and I both like the way he put the story  together. We are big Baldacci fans  and this guy,Scott Pratt is just as good. Anyone who likes a good murder mystery and catching the bad guys this is it.<br/>Mary
 Is a good book. Besides, it's narrated with a low velocity and very clearly, what results very helpfull for people with low training in understanding oral English.
 I'm on my sixth Scott Pratt book, and I'm sure I'll read the rest. Never disappointed! Keep up the good work Scott!
 Great book! I read it in one day- there's good suspense and an unexpected ending.  'Thoroughly enjoyable!
 Good read
 I didn't do it, I just look guilty! That's my favorite quote whenever anyone gives me the look of accusation. Somehow it hasn't worked so well for me. In Scott's first Joe Dillard book he paints a middle aged lawyer who after years of practice would really like to have an innocent client. Mr. Pratt writes a very interesting 'whodunit' with some real life situations and a little humor thrown in. Five stars less two for taking Gods name in vain several times.
 An Innocent Client is a good mystery/thriller.  The story keeps the reader involved and guessing.
 Nice leisure read
 Good book! Chapters go by fast and smooth. Looking forward to reading the rest of the series. Well written, good character. Would recommend to anyone who likes legal stories
 A good introduction to the Joe Dillard series. Although I got this one for free on Amazon I won't mind paying to see what Joe Dillard does in the future. Joe Dillard is a defense attorney who would like to represent just one innocent client before he retires. Well he gets that chance --- along with a huge payment to do it. Along the way the reader gets some stimulating court-room drama, an introduction into the political and sometimes corrupt nature of the legal system, and a good summer read.
 Just found me a new Author. Great books.
 I enjoyed this book so much that I will be reading the series.
 Scott Pratt did a wonderful job writing this book.  I couldn't put it down once I started.  I highly recommend it!
 Very good book, I am on the second book in this series.
 Scott Pratt is a terrific writer and an excellent plotter.  He creates interesting characters with flaws and gifts.  Usually I don't like a great dal of family development because too often it interferes with the story but The conflict with the sister, the cold mother and Joe's great family really interest me.  The only problem:  I wish they'd let him retire early.  Other than that--well, I'm ordering the second book as soon as I finish this review.
 Nice read. Story holds your interest, but wasn't complicated. Made it a nice way to unwind after a busy day of work.
 Good story unnecessary sexual content.
 good story  bit of a twist  interesting chacters
 Very good story with a very twisted ending.  Can't wait to read the next one.
 Enjoyed this book, some good twists and turns
 I usually don't like a detective work, too predictable, too many fill words and running around to fill pages.  THIS BOOK IS DIFFERENT. TRY IT YOURSELF.
 Excellent book.  Full of fun twists and turns, it's a page turner for sure!
 He developed the character in a way like John Grisham. Felt like I knew and his thoughts. Enjoyed the first book look forward to reading  more
 I thought the storyline was good.  The book held my interest to the end.  The author speaks to the "normal" people.  Overall it was a good story and well written.
 Kept me engaged. Good suspense. Colorfull characters. Good writing. Characters are believable. Lots of sub-plots to keep story interesting too.
 Easy to read and very engaging&gt;
 A great story that has you drawn in from the first few pages. I wanted to keep reading to find out what's going to happen next and really enjoyed the plot. Well written and thoroughly enjoyable read.
 Love this new series and author, can't to read the next six!
 I enjoyed the way the author told the story from the perspective of many of the characters. It was a fast paced story that kept me interested until the end.
 A great book!
 A decent read.  Will probably read more of his books.
 I quite enjoyed this book, reading it while traveling.<br/>I found it fairly well written, and captivating.
 Being a former native Tennessean familiar with that part of the state and its residents, I thoroughly enjoyed this book.
 Loved this book and have already read all 5 in the Joe Dillard series and can't wait for #6.  I assume a #6 is pending due to the way #5 ends.  I'm seriously crushing on Joe Dillard.  I'd like to see a Joe Dillard series on cable.  It's refreshing to see a male author create a such a complex character with integrity as well as flaws who is so devoted to and in love with his wife.  Pratt's masterful story telling and colorful characters as well as the delve into the justice sytem and criminal law makes this book and the 4 that follow great reads.  Come on Mr. Pratt, bring on #6!!
 Good book. Fast paced. Enjoyed very much
 An Innocent Client was a great read. It was funny and it was sad. The main character had a rough life but triumphed over the tough breaks to become a very nice man.<br/>Pratt kept the reader guessing as far as who the murderer was. You knew it had to be one or the other of 2 main characters but it was not clear until a confession. I don't like to give away the story so I won't summarize the book. As soon as I finish writing this review, I'm going to look up all of Pratt's other books and order them. I love this book!
 Very good story line. Kept my interest throughout the story  looked forward to book number 2.
 The ending plot twist was perfect but a surprise as well. I'm ready to buy the next book in the series.
 an OK read
 This is a great book!  I couldn't put it down.
 This book was very exciting and suspenseful.  I highly recommend it.
 Will read the next one before "giving up" on the series, but takes some time to connect with the characters &amp; somewhat predictable plot
 Wife loved it...reading another of his books now!
 This book had me interested from first chapter on.  Good read all the way and love the ending. Although I didn't want it to end.:-)<br/>Five Stars🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
 You think you know until the end.
 good book
 This was the best book I've read for a long while. Can't wait for the next one whichever it is.
 Interesting plot.  Sleezy language no called for
 Imaginative, clever and entertaining. Lots of twists and turns. A true pleasure to read! A page turner with humor and heart.
 I loved this book.....it kept me up late several nights reading it, almost had to skip work to finish it.
 From start to finish ,  it kept you intrigued.
 Excellent writer.....
 Couldn't put this book down.  One of the best legal/suspense stories I've read in a long time.  Look forward to next book.
 Well written Holds the readers  in suspense
 I enjoyed the book.
 Very interesting. I enjoyed it very much.
 Good reading very intriguing!
 Read in one sitting couldn't stop... Every page I would say "I have to keep going to see what happened!"
 Scott Pratt is simply a terrific writer, with well-defined, believable characters and a smart,  thoughtful hero in Joe Dillard, lawyer for the defendant.  For those who like legal thrillers--and I am one-- the court scenes are riveting.  This entire series is excellent as we follow the changing mind--and career--of Dillard, and watch his struggles with his wife's ongoing battle with cancer and the unwavering support and love he gives to her.  Highly recommend this book--one of my favorites--and the entire seven book series.  Loking forward to the eighth!
 Very well written
 I really enjoyed the plot twists and turns and I am looking forward to reading the rest of the series
 I enjoyed this story that featured a good-guy defense attorney.  It was a fun enjoyable read.
 My first read with Scott Pratt, it was a good expeience. This book is an easy read with a moving plot and likable, interesting characters. I just bought book two.
 Good development, surprising characters
 Good story, held my interest, looking forward to reading the other books in the series
 A well written story with  some humor. Good twists in the case and some good  personal stories mixed in as well.
 First Scott Pratt book I've read and I can't wait to check out more! Loved the characters and the story moved along at a good pace. Would recommend!
 Enjoyed this book from beginning to end. It was twisted, yet comical. I found this book to be a refreshing read.
 A good solid read without being spectacular but good enough for me to continue with the 2nd book
 I enjoyed this book. Enough surprises to keep me guessing.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book and plan to find more by that author.
 Good easy read with a few twists and turns.
 I enjoyed this book.  And will look forward to reading more of this authors books
 The book was well written.
 Keeps you turning the pages. Full of surprises and loveable characters. I'm hooked on this author.  Glad I found this series.
 The story is well written with a lot of twists and turns along the way.  The only reason I did not give it 5 stars was all of the sexual reference.  You could have a good mystery without so much of it. The storyline was built around a sexual case so some could not be avoided but I would have preferred less. I am almost finished reading the whole series about Joe Dillard and it was very eye opening how much politicking goes on in the "justice" system which eliminates a lot of justice.
 Mr. Pratt is a new author for me.  Reminded me of John Grisham.  Enjoyed his book.
 Good plot and characters
 An Innocent  Client is a well-written murder mystery with interesting &amp; believable characters.  I am planning to read  the other books  in the series.
 Grisham is a good read.  Knows the ins and outs of the legal goings on.
 A good read.
 This book was a nice read that kept my attention the whole time. It had a lot of action and I cannot wait to read the next book in the series
 Exciting
 A good read and will look at other work by this author
 Funny, touching, and good twist! Cannot wait to buy the collection! ( on hard back hint). I would recommend this to anyone who likes Law drama books!
 Easy to follow and very well written. I'd recommend his books to anyone who enjoys good writting and believable stories.
 Well written
 I enjoyed Scott Pratt's book very much and I will read the rest of the books in his series.
 Will read more of this author. I always liked Grisham, and Pratt is quite a lot like Grisham. Fun read.
 This is the first book by Scott Pratt I've read. I thoroughly enjoyed it, consequently, it wont be my last Scott Pratt read.
 This book kept my interest page after page.  I wish I had known about his previous Dillard books so I could have read them in succession.
 This book was a quick read with some interesting twists. Great weekend read. Would definitely recommend and will look for more books from this author!
 Very average. Extremely predictable.
 Loved it so much I hated to put it down. Looking forward to the next in the series. Will definitely recommend to friends.
 Great book!  Already on the third book, can't wait to see how it ends.
 This was well written, with good imagery.  The plot is imaginative, and kept my interest.
 In a very crowded field--that of the legal thriller--Scott Pratt's first entry, AN INNOCENT CLIENT, comes in very near the top of the class. Here's why I think so:<br/><br/>1. Mr. Pratt has succeeded in (as Stephen King said of John Grisham's stories) in "creating a world that's impossible NOT to believe." Pratt, like Grisham, has legal training, and AN INNOCENT CLIENT crackles with authenticity from beginning to end. That being said, Pratt is mindful throughout that his job is to tell a story and entertain his audience. The background stays in the background, where it belongs.<br/><br/>2. The story is a good one. Readers know almost immediately who defense attorney Joe Dillard is and what he wants in life: an innocent client. It isn't much to ask, not really; and when one turns up who seems to fit the bill, Dillard's got his story goal. He drops everything to move heaven and earth in an effort to get her off the hook. Author Pratt ensures throughout that what happens to Dillard is a result of his own actions and decisions, and drives the story (and its hero) relentlessly forward. Dillard's options narrow as he makes "progress," and at the climax, he finds himself (as he should) with ONE big decision to make. You may or may not guess the ending, but if you do, it will only be a guess. The ending is everything an ending should be: it was logical, and it was unexpected.<br/><br/>3. The presentation (word usage, spelling, grammar, etc.) is immaculate. As with every other aspect of Mr. Pratt's work, it marks him as a true professional; someone who's talented enough to write a book, and who cares enough to get the details exactly right. His success in the indie field is well and richly deserved...and doesn't surprise me in the least.<br/><br/>We (obviously!) award AN INNOCENT CLIENT full marks for both artistic content and technical merit, and recommend it to all fans of the genre.
 This is not the book for us!  We won't finish it not read another of this author. We are sorry we wasted the money.
 Loved it and will be reading the second book immediately. Very glad I read the first one. Can't wait to read the next one.
 Great characters, well written, and an enjoyable easy read.  I will add Pratt to my list of favorite authors along with Grisham and Patterson.
 I stumbled upon Scott Pratt's books accidentally and figured I'd give it a try - after reading An Innocent Client, I immediately purchased and read In Good Faith in a matter of days - just purchased the third in his Joe Dilliard series - these books are excellent and I would highly recommend them to anyone.  Can't see anything disappointing in any of them so far and will look forward to beginning an Injustice of All this afternoon.  I did not find any of his characters "cardboard" as suggsted in an earlier review.  The only critisicm I have is that his books are too short!!  I don't want them to end and find I will be very disappointed when I get to the last one -do I recommend these - definite "Hell Yeah"!!
 I have read a large number of legal dramas over the years. This first look at the Joe Dillard series left me looking for more. I grew up in the South and characters like these exist. While Southerners are routinely depicted as slow witted and ignorant, don't believe it for one minute. They can be some of the slyest and cunning people you will ever encounter. Especially southern lawyers. Scott has portrayed them well. I look forward to reading the rest of the series. I will likely purchase the 5 book set from Amazon.
 Great story
 I enjoyed and look forward to reading more books by this author
 Good story line and twist at the end.
 Good story !
 Enough unexpected twists to keep you interested until the end! The characters are well developed and funny- makes for a good read
 The book started a little slowly for me/ A couple of chapters/Then it got going in the right direction/ An interesting Character Joe Dillard/and a group of folks that came along that made for a very very good "investigation/trial yarn. I have read Grisham since his first book/He is the Best!!  This guy, "Pratt's Attorney"  reminds of any Attorney who shows up in a Grisham novel.  I give that as a High compliment. I can't wait for the next Grisham - But now I have a pretty good substitute. Check it out folks - You won't be disappointed.....
 Kept me guessing and I loved these characters.  Joe Dillard is a real human being who will win you over.
 A very good read. This was my first Scott Pratt book. I intend to rear them all..keep them coming. Thanks
 Ok to read
 I was not able to put this book down once I started it.<br/><br/>I had to download the 2nd boom right away.
 I love a good mystery<br/>This one has great characters and a great story.  Kept me reading non-stop.  5 stars.
 Very entertaining read, never a dull moment.
 I'm so happy to have discovered Scott Pratt.  He's as good as Grisham and Baldacci.  Can't wait to read his other books!
 great ending
 It was tedious and didn't like the language.  Bad language is a poor substitute for clever dialogue!
 Wow Scott Pratt doesn't think very highly of the police, prosecuters or judges. The one lone good guy out for justice is the defense attorney. I don't think you need to make your adversary look so bad in order for your hero to look good.<br/>I also was not  fan of the descriptive "adult situations". To me that kind of talk is immature and detracts from the story.<br/>In my opinion this could have been a really good book, but instead I didn't even finish it.
 Good book. Makes you want to keep reading to see what happens next.
 This book was written very well.  I simply couldn't put it down!  I'll definitely be buying more Joe Dillard's stories :)
 This is the first book of his that I read... I will have to read the others in this series next.
 Joe Dillard is a defense attorney who has spent his career defending the scum of the earth (somebody has to do it). His wife has cancer and all he wants besides her health is an innocent client.<br/><br/>What makes Dillard so hero-like is that he is just likable. He carries the weight of his sister's distress, his fear over his wife's health, and the fight for his client on his shoulders admirably.<br/><br/>This is the first in a very good series.
 A good read. Will read more of his work.
 Very good read -- couldn't put it don
 I really enjoyed this book and will continue to read all of the books in the Joe Dillard series.
 When a reverend is killed after visiting the town's gentleman's club, well let the fun begin.  Oh did I mention that said man of God used church funds to entertain himself and was found stabbed and missing his privates.  That's enough to intrigue any reader.  Although there are not any twists or,,  turns in the story, it's still a fun ride. Everyone has a stake in this case for different reasons...and the Madame is the best character of all.
 Great read
 Too trashy for myself taste....sorry.  I would like a good refund.  Thank you
 I really enjoyed this book!
 Great!!
 I wanted to like this book but found it crass and didn't like many of the lines such as, "This woman had something to hide. Landers decided to stick a flashlight up her skirt until he found out what it was." Seriously? For me, this detracts from the story.
 Good solid read, bought the next 4 books. Kept me thinking, believable story.
 Excellent read.
 Good enough to make me buy a couple more of the series.
 Love this author.
 Easy read, interesting
 This was my first book I read from this author. Idk what it is about this book, but I just could not get into it. I didn't even finish it. I can't quite put my finger on what was wrong with it.  If this author is one you like then maybe it's your style.
 An awesome book, I'm glad I stumbled upon this author. I will be reading all of his books
 Great book especially for the price, great characters and the story line was well planned and delivered to the readers
 Loved this book!  Joe Dillard is a great character - can't wait to read the rest of the series!
 Thoroughly enjoyed this and am looking forward to reading book 2. Easy to read and gripping all the way through.
 Saw the reviews on Amazon and read the preview.  Decided to purchase and wasn't disappointed.  Read on the plane while on vacation.  Enjoyable.
 Insanely good book!  I can't put this series down!  The minute I finish one I have to know what Joe is up to next!
 Loved this book ,really kept me interested . I<br/>Can't wait to read the second book in the Joe Dillard series
 I enjoyed the story. Makes me want to read the entire Joe Dillard series! I can't wait to start the next book!
 Excellent. Wish it was longer, more to enjoy!
 'Innocent Client' was a great read ... good story, solid characters, even an interesting little 'twist' at the end to offer a final surprise.  Gor the book for FREE via Amazon.  Based on this one, would happily buy others from Dillard.
 Well written and entertaining. Worth the read for sure.
 Read this book in 2 days, couldn't put it down!
 This was a fun and well thought out book. The main character is engaging and reading this has made me interested in reading the series.
 This guy has an ax to grind with religion or God.  I finally quit the book halfway through since the number of people that were either clerics or tied to religion in some way were either extreme perverts against women or kids, ambitious to the point of being willing to punish the wrong person, or completely insane to the point of being a threat to society.  All other characters were pretty well developed.  Regardless of the agenda, I don't like books that are just an author's way of venting.  I had suspected the possibility of this from the description but out of nearly 1500 reviews, no one mentioned this.  So here is one.
 good read
 Fascinating story.  Twists and turns were delightful.  Couldn't put down once trial started. Would recommend as a excellent read.  Will read the series.
 I love legal thrillers and this didn't disappoint.  Excellent character development, good plot, super pacing. Everything I look for in a good book. As a fellow writer, I know how difficult it is to get a perfectly clean manuscript, whether you're published by a brick and mortar house or you publish on your own. I always allow for a few mistakes squeaking through but it wasn't necessary in this book. Definitely looking forward to reading more from Mr. Pratt.
 The author has succeeded in keeping the reader interested throughout and longing for more.
 If you want to get a feel for how the legal system works this is good read, I stayed glued to this book right from the beginning.<br/>The author really did his research on how badly some cases can go and still have the right outcome for the guilty.<br/>You will be surprised at how much you think you know about the main case in the storyline only to find out how wrong you were in the end.<br/>I really liked this book I will be reading the next Scott Pratt book for sure.
 A very good read!!
 great book--hard to put down!!
 I was on vacation and read four in a row couldn't put them down
 Excellent book!  Couldn't put it down. I will read all books in this series. Keep writing Scott!
 Very enjoyable.  Continued reading his books in order and now reading #5.  When I am not reading I am thinking of the characters.
 Fast paced with twists. Interesting first read.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book! Would recommend it to most any reader. Plan to read the next one in this series too.
 The writer kept me reading. I want him to continue writing stories I want to read. I wish him well.
 Enjoyed this book and will read other books by This author
 I liked the locale of the novel, having had some personal experience with it, so I was hoping for some local color and was not disappointed. Even though he's from Michigan, Pratt seems to have assimilated right well into the Southern ethos, with his tangential references to Faith. You may or may not go to church, but it is part of the landscape nevertheless. I do a lot of professional reading, so when I relax I like a good who-dun-it. While my preference is British detectives where the focus is on the mystery rather than the sex and violence, I plan on reading all of this series. Hope the author doesn't go Hollywood with the gratuitous sex and violence. There is no substitute for a well-told story!
 Great book. Kept my interest from page 1 to the end!
 Did not finish this. The author comes across as a grade school boy proud to use his “bathroom” vocabulary.
 This is a great read.  Mr.Pratt kept the story moving yet unpredictable.  I'm looking forward to reading the next book in the series.
 Great read
 Great read. Love the twist at the end. Grabs you from the first page<br/>John Grisham may have met his match!
 Surprises at every turn and a feel good ending that I did not see coming. I will definitely read more Scott Pratt books.
 I like a good legal or detective story but couldn't get around the foul language which is just a substitute for decent English.  It looked like the plot might be okay but I deleted it before I went too far.  The further i went the worse it got.  Can't recommend.
 You are hooked from the first page.  The plot and story line don't get dull.  Recommend reading the series.
 The second book in this series popped up as a freebie on an email list I am member of.  When I saw all the positive reviews, I came and grabbed book #1 in the series to read first.  It was a fast paced legal drama.  Had some good humor and fun characters and gave you a nice perspective of the mind of a burned out criminal defense lawyer.  As a lawyer myself, I can't imagine doing criminal defense... for exactly the reasons he describes.  If you like this genre, grab this book.  You won't regret it.  Then run right along and read #2... ("In Good Faith") ... it's even better!!
 Loved it, loved it, loved it!  Joe Dillard is a defense attorney with a conscience, fed up with all the maneuvering and game playing involved in the 'justice' system.  Joe gets tangled up in what he plans to be his last big case.  There were so many great moments in the book, the lake scene was so well done I felt like I was there, the warning issued by Joe, awesome and then the final courtroom battle, amazing!  The last 4-5 chapters blew me away.  It was great.  Fan-freaking-tastic!!!
 This is the first book I ever read that kept me reading. I read it in a day and a half. Couldn't put it done.
 This was a nice, fun read. Very clean and "G" rated mystery/legal genre. Enjoy supporting quality indy authors! Will read more in the series. Reason for 4 Stars rather than 5 is: the wife is a bit of one dimensionally 'good,' (ie too good to enjoy) and the lead is a bit erratic - too extreme with his emotional state in an unsupported manner. I'm hopeful this will evolve with the series.
 This was a good, quick read! It certainly kept my interest, and their was an interesting twist at the end!
 Mr. Pratt is a talented writer and the story flows well and maintains interest all the way through. I really enjoyed it.
 I just finished reading this book, and could not put it down!  Joe Dillard is a troubled criminal defense lawyer who has become jaded and tries to balance his career against his conscience.  The characters are all believable and the story moves along at a nice pace.  In this book, Dillard can't resist the chance to represent someone who might actually be innocent, a big change from his past clients.  This is a debut novel, and I have ordered the others in this series.
 I bought as a recommendation from Amazon based on my previous orders. I bought without investigating much. Big mistake. I read through the 4th chapter only. It looked interesting but it's too vulgar. Sorry Mr. Pratt, you don't have to be vulgar to make a good book. Not buying from you again.
 Main character has a boring personality.
 Looking for a good suspense and well written book, look no further. One of the best!!!
 Now ready the next in the series
 Fun, easy to read, very entertaining, wonderful ending. I am going for number 2 in the series.
 Could not put this book down. It was imaginative and captivating. Can't wait to read more from this wonderful author.
 Excellent read with many insights as to what lawyers really do! Take the time to read this one. You won't see this ending coming!!
 Very entertaining and any easy read. Plenty of twists and turns. Really liked the legal strategies used, clever. I plan on reading book #2.
 Fascinating. Kept my interest which is what books should do !!!!!
 Great read! Definitely a page turner.
 Just a good book. I will go on with number 2 now.<br/><br/>Ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok
 Great book! Lots of action with surprising twists!
 Stayed a mystery until the very end!
 I enjoyed the story. Well written and fast-paced. Time passed quickly and enjoyably.
 Enjoyed the book a lot . After t h e first chapter or so, I hated to put it down.
 Good read!
 With all the twists and turns it's hard to guess the ending. Who says that good does not win out sometime.
 Good story with a twist at the end . It was a page turner from start to finish and I enjoyed it very much.
 Very well written murder mystery set in an east Tennessee venue.
 Very well written.  A different perspective.  Held interest.
 A well written mystery murder story.
 Awesome!
 Well written and legally accurate.
 Excellent story and well told.  Have now decided to order the 1st 5 Joe Dillard books to continue the series.
 Scott Pratt's novel is an excellent read for those that love legal thrillers. The plot had just enough sub-plots, twists, and turns to keep me reading this page-turner well into the night. Characters were strong, well-developed, and fit easily into the storyline.<br/>I would place Scott Pratt right beside John Grisham, Michael Connelly, and Steve Martini.<br/>I'm ready to read his next book.
 Great book fast read
 I loved this so much I read it twice!!! Did u write any others?
 great read
 Just finished reading this book and it as excellent!  Very fast-moving legal thriller.  I'm back to buy more from this talented author!
 .Enjoyed very much. Reminiscent of John Grisham books. Will continue reading the series in order.
 enjoyed it
 An Excellent Who Done It!!!!
 Nice character development. Good pace.
 The first chapter AWESOME - the rest just as good - I'm reading the series now - I'm hooked
 Enjoyed the story greatly. I always like a good story with a few twists. And it almost makes you like lawyers!
 A little wordy at times, but the story moved right along and it held my attention till the very end
 A great read. Looking forward to reading the next book in the series.
 Good ending  Clean up  some remarks
 Outstanding,  couldn't put down after the federal chapter.  Did not know exactly wat to expect from this author, but was wonderfully surprised.
 A fast read. Engaging main character. Would read another book by this author.
 New writer to me. Enjoyed the book would read more of his books
 EXCELLENT READ--hard to put DOWN<br/>Chester
 Enjoyed the characters and  the suspense. Nicely written. I'm liking forward to the next books in the series. Thank you
 Enjoyed it alot.
 I got In Good Faith free on one of the free book sites. I decided to read them in order so I bought An Innocent Client. I am so glad I did but there is enough background to keep you up on the story line. Great writer,hard to believe this was his 1st. So many unexpected plot twists, it's hard to put down. I just bought book 3, In Justice for All. I don't want to finish the series of 5 too quickly but I can't resist! Then I can get some sleep. Enjoy.
 My first Scott Pratt read.  Very enjoyable. Planning on reading more
 Enjoyed all aspects of the book.  Being from East TN, was familiar with all the locations.  Being married to a police officer and retired from a law office, I agree with all the opinions, thoughts and emotions of the main character.  Sometimes people are just good people and perform their jobs correctly and honorably much to the dismay of people in power.  Recommended the book to my husband, daughter and friends who love to read.  Getting ready to buy Book 2 in the series!!
 I really liked the characters in this story. I thought they were well drawn and compelling, particularly the hero and the anti-hero. The end was a little too tightly wrapped up but overall I really enjoyed the time I spent with this book. I would recommend it to fans of John Grisham and other legal thrillers. I don't know how long this author has been writing fiction, but I think that if this is one of his first he will grow to become quite good.
 I wanted to read courtroom drama and tried Scott Pratt for the first time. Finished it in two days.  I'll try his other books. Highly recommended.
 I will definitely read more of Scott Pratt's books.
 I have been a fan of Gresham for years.  Pratt is Gresham at his best.  I now have a new series t watch fr.
 so happy I came upon this author.  Downloaded all the Dillard series. Great read and leaves you wanting more
 Scott Pratt writes a good story about murder and court room drama but his dislike of Christianity was too obvious for me. While of course I am aware that some preachers are phonies, Pratt's contempt for Christians appears again and again in the book. I will not be reading anymore of his novels. I am tired of the Christian bashing in our society.
 My second Scott Pratt mystery crime thriller didn't disappoint !<br/>The author's talent for plain expression enables fast reading. So eager to find out what happened next, I had to keep telling myself to slow down and take it all in.<br/>Written in the first person, you can almost hear the main character talking, his secondary characters are truly believable, making it all the more interesting and enjoyable.<br/>If you want a crime thriller with fiercely fought court room dramas weaved in, you can't go past this book.<br/>No hesitation in appraising this one a 5 star gem.
 Awesome book
 Good read. Enjoyed the story line and the believable characters. A better than average lawyer book and not too racey.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book
 Enjoyed the book. Kept my interest and suspense.
 It was very suspenseful and keep me guess til the end
 Enjoyed the book and am now reading books 2 and 3.
 well written . authentic. a pleasure to read.
 I'm always looking for efficient, cost saving books and this one delivers in both categories. Highly recommend, you'll enjoy.  #rltw
 Well paced story that was easy to read, enough twists to keep it interesting and decent characters. Will read the next one...
 It was a good easy read but I knew where It was going. Liked the ending anyway. Will read the next book too.
 Great read, good plot, well described characters.
 What a mix of the workings and feelings of the justice system.<br/>Great story with terrific subplots that will not distract you from the true story but just fleshes out the storyline.<br/>Family dynamics explained and how it can cause destructive behavior.<br/>Even with so many serious situations still have humor mixed in.<br/>Just a great read and the start of a five book series with Joe Dillard so more to look forward  to and enjoy.
 Unexpected ending.
 Really good. Liked the second one also.
 great read
 Good first effort, keeps the writer engaged. Bought the second book in the series as well
 Another new author for me. Great story , good storyline, going to read #2 soon.I would recomemd it to anyone who likes legal thrillers.
 It was a page turner.A very fast read ! Hes an excellent story teller.
 Good summer read in the early Grisham genre. Nice plot twist at the end. The  author created likeable and plausible characters.
 Great story and I enjoyed all the characters!  Always nice to read a story with a good guy as the main character.
 Very good
 Great book.  I enjoyed the ending.  Can't wait to read more from Scott Pratt.
 Enjoyed
 It, was a great read. I enjoyed it, read it in 2 days. Great if you like murder mysteries.
 Did not like the sex.  Didn't think it was necessary. Liked the plot and liked Joe &amp; Caroline Dillard. Good first novel.
 I love the action , the twists and turns, and cat and mouse play. The characters were so believable. I  am going to read book two now.
 Looking forward to reading the rest in the series.
 Couldn't stop reading.
 The ending was classic.  Every time I thought I knew what was going to happen a twist was added. Good book.
 Nice story with a bit of humor in the right places.
 Good story. Well written. Fun reading.
 Scott Pratt does an excellent job of entertaining the reader to the very end of the story.
 It was a fun read. Really liked the main character. Bought the next book in the series.
 A court appointed defense attorney is sick of defending criminals and wishes for an innocent client.  Through many twists and turns, he finally gets his wish, in a very unexpected way. Very well written story about our legal system and how the universe sometimes evens the score for those who don't always get what they deserve. This gave me a new perspective on the criminal justice system and a new respect for some attorneys.
 Captivating!!
 Very good read. Kept my interest throughout.
 Never a dull moment in the book. Loved it.
 Engaging tale that will keep you turning each page!  I can't wait to read the next one!  The next John Grisham for sure!!!
 This is my first to read and I found it enjoyable.  The main character is a tormented defense attorney (and I understand this changes later in the series?) that actually has a conscience. He is the best part of the book and is what is drawing me back to read more.  The story itself was entertaining but not intriguing enough to warrant 5 stars.  Still worth reading.  Hopefully, the rest of the series is even better.
 There is some passion in this writing and matters ring true...but something is not there. Some vital element is missing. But I did like this book enough to buy the second book, which turned out to be a mistake because #2 is not good at all. I bought #3 true, which I'm reading now, and I'm about 20% through and it seems so far to be a waste of my time. So, I would say, if you are looking for a serial thingy, don't look at this one.
 OH BOY WHAT A BOOK. THIS IS A REALLY GOOD STORY, I CAN SEE ALL OF THIS HAPPENING IN REAL LIFE.  TODAY LAWYERS  ARE REALLY SLICK,, SLY AND KNOWLEDGEABLE.  SO ARE THE CHARACTERS IN THIS BOOK.  IT HAS A REAL TWIST AND WILL KEEP YOU UP NIGHT BECAUSE YOU DON'T WANT TO STOP READING.  GOOD READING.  HOPE YOU ENJOY AS MUCH AS I DID.  JUST FINISHED IT TODAY.  HAVE TO GET MORE OF HIS BOOKS  SOON
 Let me start by saying that I'm a big fan of John Grisham and Michael Connelly, and when I found this book for .99 cents and with fairly decent reviews, I said, why not, specially after having spent $12.00 on my last Kindle download.<br/><br/>What I found was a fast paced, easy to read, and interesting plot that kept me glued to it from beginning to end.<br/><br/>Yes, some of the elements in the storyline seemed a bit cliche and amateurish, but overall, the book works very well. Scott Pratt makes it clear in his closing comments that he's a new author so he doesn't pretend to be Grisham or Connelly. I appreciate his honesty. He may not be one of these more famous authors, but he can really deliver and hold his own.<br/><br/>I found this book to be an excellent read for someone like me who enjoys this genre. I have already downloaded the next book in the series which I will start reading as soon as I finish typing this review.<br/><br/>I wish Scott Pratt success with his books. An Innocent Client has given me a new author to look forward to!
 I loved it from beginning to end, couldn't put it down
 A good mystery read.  Lots of plot, great dialogue memorable characters. Now I must read the next one in the series.
 Great
 Great book!
 NOT VERY GOOD
 I've read 5 of the books so far in the series, they keep getting better. Great books, great writer.
 Good
 cant wait to read all the series
 Addicted to Scott's Joe Dillard series. Have read three so far in a row
 I thought the book Fantastic. I think Scott Prattis a very good writer.
 All I know is that it is short reading.  Is that as many pages as a paperback would be?  I like a long reading book.
 Good read.
 Not for4 me
 I hope this book with all the filler information is just that as I bought the 2nd book. Good nightly read or a summer tome, nothing earth shattering, but interesting and good enough to keep me interested. Changing from first to third person threw me at first and I had to get used to the use of simple sentences. I am unsure of Joe's personality, He seems to switch from good guy to weird moody guy sometimes. But if you just want a light read, it was pretty good.
 It wasn't as interesting as I thought it would be. I was hoping for a more suspenceful novel.  You knew the guilty right away.  The rest of the book was just pretty boring.
 One of the best books read in a long time. Definately recommend this book and looking forward to reading the rest of the series.
 A good read
 I loved this book!
 I've read 3 books in this series. All very good so far. I like John Grisham books - Scott is very comparable.
 I loved this book so much that I purchased the four other books in this series. I know the author has been compared to John Grisham and that's the main reason I bought "An Innocent Client" in the first place. His skill in writing and creating intereating characters doesn't disappoint. I would say he is every bit as good as JG. I recommend this book (and series) to anyone who wants to read a fast paced, "can't put it down" type of book.
 This is my first novel by Scott Pratt - Love the authors style, descriptive without too many adjectives with just enough thought provoking situations. I thoroughly enjoyed the read, entertaining and easy to follow. I've already ordered the second of the Joe Dillard series. Keep'em coming! EC
 Great read! A real page turner! Loved it from cover to cover. Will be reading the rest of the series immediately!
 I did find some enjoyment in reading this book, but it wasn't great.<br/><br/>I found it hard to believe that EVERYBODY dislikes Dillard even though he's a "good guy."  (poor me, I'm a victim, nobody loves me). The characters seem stereotyped, most notably the suspect and the victim.  Old hat. Wish it had been something more interesting.<br/><br/>I'm hoping since this was the first in the Joe Dillard series that it gets better.
 Enjoyed, looking forward to reading rest of series
 This novel is as good as John G's book. Not much of intensity but had brilliant tweak at the end.
 Great read, totally unexpected ending!
 Loved this book and have gone on to read the whole series that is written so far
 From the time I started reading I never wanted to put it down. This author is great and knows his law. He should, he got a degree in it. Everything about this book was a great read. The characters and how they were portrayed in the book were so intriguing. I can't wait to start the second Joe Dillard series. I'll have to because it's Memorial weekend:) Spend the money on this one, it is well worth it.
 Just ok
 I almost didn't finish reading it because it wasn't really catching me but by the end it left a decent impression. I don't want to reveal the ending or the twist but let's just say it was a bit unexpected. I did like that Joe is portrayed as human with emotions that make him easier to relate to. I didn't agree with him a lot but that is just me personally. Hope you enjoy this!
 Enough twists to keep one wanting to  read more. The ending did not disappoint. I recommend  settling in for a good read.
 I really enjoyed this book.  Every time I thought I had figured it out the storyline took another turn.  It was just too short.
 Had me on the edge of my seat
 Great book was hard to put down. Also just as good as the $14.99 books .
 I throughly enjoyed this one .It kept me entertained and I don't usually read  as fast as I did. Can't wait to read next one
 I came across this author as I was browsing for new reading material and, as I usually enjoy legal thrillers, I thought I'd give him a try. I was very pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed both the plot and the characters in the story. I would definitely recommend this book. I didn't realize until after I'd completed the book that this is the first of what has become a fairly long series based on the main character. I look forward to continuing the series.
 Joe wants to defend one innocent client before he leaves the business.  He has regretted defending those that were guilty.  When he has a chance to fulfill his wish, he takes it.  An older woman hires Joe to defend a young girl she rescued from living the life she was forced to live as a child.  The outcome is a surprise, but accepted by Joe.<br/><br/>It is a thrilling book, that is well written, that I would recommend.
 Fun read!
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book .... I couldn't put it down and when I wasn't reading it I was thinking about it!!
 This is the first book I've read by Scott Pratt. I really enjoyed it and plan to read more in the Joe Dillard series.
 An Innocent Client was the first book I read by Scott Pratt and it was fabulous!<br/>His characters are very real and made you like them and cheer for them!<br/>the story was set in a small upper East TN town and he describes the tone of the town and its<br/>people so well you think you know them.<br/>It is courtroom drama at its best,<br/>He is like a Richard North Patterson or Mark Gimenez.<br/>You will not be disappointed ! Read it!!!
 Great read. Fast paced &amp; not predictable
 Very well done
 Easy read.
 Very enjoyable read
 This was a thoroughly pleasureable read. I read it at the beach and at the pool in three days. It was a fun filled leagl story full of twists and some honest emotion about what some criminal defense lawyers feel about their jobs. As a lawyer, I could relate to it very well.<br/>  It was a very interesting story and equally enjoyable characters. Sometimes justice works in funny ways.Nice job!
 Love the way I can just picture what the author is trying to get you to see.  Going to be my wife to hear it
 Rich caricatures-- good read
 It held my interest all the way
 Good read/plot
 This writer has the unique ability to have several story lines going at the same time and you can actually put a face to most of the people.  I felt fear and seen the snarls on one inmates face as he made some terrible statements. There are so many guilty clients before this attorney gets an innocent client. Which one will it be? The ending brought total closure to every storyline but one....is it another guilty client or maybe the innocent one. Loved the book!
 When I read the synopsis, this book sounded very interesting. It did not disappoint - I could not put it down and read it in one sitting. They characters were interesting and the legal jargon was e easily understood. Having lived in Tennessee, I knew the town's and scenery. So, I guess this added a touch of realism for me. I definitely recommend this book and plan on reading the other books in this series. Thanks for a great read, Mr. Pratt!
 As soon as I get close to the ending of one - I download the next in the Joe Dillard series. I am reading them in order and enjoy watching the characters grow. Each book could be read as a stand-alone but I'm glad I am reading them in order. Just downloaded "Reasonable Fear." Thank you Mr. Pratt for an excellent series of stories with intriguing characters. Also, thank you for pricing them so I can afford to keep buying the next one on my Social Security income!  By the way, I've never written a review - ever.
 Moves at a great pace.  It Keeps you in suspense. I think I found a new series to enjoy. Enjoy
 Kept my interest...
 Very good book. Great plot twist  you don't see coming. Smart and creative characters. Can't wait to finish the series.
 Easy read with realistic characters and story....
 I really enjoyed this book with all of its twists and turns  The author keeps you reading until the very last page.
 Just finished book one and immediately ordered book two of the series..
 A reverend is murdered (and mutilated) after visiting a strip club.  But the book had such a limited number of characters that there are only a couple possible suspects.  So not much of a mystery.  And since this book (“An Innocent Client”) is the first in a series of Joe Dillard books, it was partly murder mystery and partly just an introduction to the Joe Dillard character.  Yet short as the story is, it still manages to contain penile dismemberment, incest and sodomy.  So this book is not for everyone – and not for me.<br/>I got the book based on high Amazon reviews.  Perhaps the follow-on books in the series are better (as less character introduction would be necessary), but I’ll never know.
 Excellent read
 Good story, kept me interested.
 I liked the mystery but hate to see a guilty party getting off scot free
 I enjoyed
 Good book
 Good narrativa with interesting characters.
 Made me want to read the next one n the Joe Dillard series.
 Very good read; somewhat different plot; surprise ending!
 Great story and pace kept me turning pages.
 This  book was very readable. I recommend it. It is a bit different. It took a few pages to get in to it and I was wondering if I wanted to read it.  But I stuck with it and really got into it.  I have the second one on my Kindle waiting to be read.  While this book may not be as action filled as some, the plot is good and the characters likable.  Give it a try.
 An Innocent Client is a riveting murder mystery with a number of undertones running through it. Our hero, Dillard, of course solves all the mysteries and murders in the end, including his own near-demise. As a defense attorney he's searching for just one innocent client before his retirement. He finds one, but it's not who we expected throughout the story. This was a fast, I-can't-put-it-down, one night read. Enjoy!
 Interesting, quick paced.
 This was my first Scott Pratt book.  I like legal fiction... or rather, fiction with a credible, well-written storyline featuring people and situations in the complicated and entertaining tangle of our legal system.  My gold-standard has been stories by Martin Clark.  While An Innocent Client did not quite meet that high bar, it was a very enjoyable reading experience! The Author developed the characters with enough complexity for the reader to feel as if they'd come to know them as people, and skillfully wove subplots through the story so that none were fillers or distractions, and all came together for a very satisfying conclusion.  I finished happy to have read the book, and will absolutely follow lawyer Joe Dillard through the rest of the series!
 Love the Joe Dillard character. I've often wondered how criminal defense attorneys deal with their conscience when they know their client is guilty. After some soul searching, Dillard makes a decision. Without giving anything away, the book has a satisfying conclusion. It's a fast-paced book that I really enjoyed and couldn't put down. Also like the humor mixed in. I've become a Scott Pratt fan and will read more in the series. Good writing!
 It was a great read entertaining, fast moving, liked the plot.
 I'm not sure why this book received so many 5 star reviews. I am having a hard time getting through it. I find the main character depressing with no hope at all. If he is that dissatisfied with being a lawyer then quit. Stop taking it out on everyone else and find happiness. I'm tired of hearing about it.  Everyone including the main character is despicable and I have not found any redeeming qualities yet. The main character is just as quilty as the clients he despises. My all time favorite read is The Good Guy by Dean Koontz. Honorable hero lead that makes you believe in the goodness of people. Yes the bad guy is really bad, but the hero makes it tolerable. Not in this case. I cannot recommend.
 I loved this book.  I've read a lot of crime drama books but this one set a different tone.  It was a bit more light hearted at times.  I never expected the ending at all and laughed along with Erlene and Joe.<br/><br/>A quick glance at the plot might make you think this is going to plod along:  murder, lawyer, bad guys, crooked cops, a sweet young thing.  But it didn't.  It moved along with believable characters.  It didn't get bogged down with a lot of unnecessary details - descriptions and minutia that aren't really helpful - the focus stayed on the story!
 Intelligent and moving story with quite a twist
 Interesting but not riveting. Not a lot of character development. It could have used more back story for many of the main characters.
 It will hold yur interest.
 Great read!
 Good legal thriller book.  Kept me engaged the entire time.
 Loved the book great easy to read story about a small town attorney. Hope to read more of his books.
 Wonderfully written. Joe Dillard is not your typical criminal defense attorney. Though outstanding at his job he questions the morality of what a criminal defense attorney has to do to get a guilty client off.<br/><br/>A great plot filled with memorable characters and events. The locales are vividly depicted making you feel as if you're actually there.<br/><br/>I can't wait to read the next Joe Dillard book.
 A can't put down kind of book!
 I work in the courts is book is real life to courtroom activity.  Good read
 Great story with lots of twists.
 I love the the twists and turns and yet it all came together at the end with no unanswered question.
 Loved this book, and Pratt is every bit as good as John Grisham in my book, and I love Grisham!!<br/>I might be a bit bias being from Tennessee and from the same part of the state as this book is written.. but loved the<br/>plot and twists, and as they say, "never saw that coming"  kind of reading... will order more asap.... don't hesitate if you are<br/>thinking about putting this on your list to read...
 I will read other books in this series
 Terrific. Read them all.
 I recommend this book to everyone that likes reading mysteries.  It was hard to lay the book down.  The author kept you in suspense.
 Interesting plot development.  Characters nicely developed and diverse.
 These characters came alive.
 Great story that kept me interested through the whole book. I couldn't put it down.
 Good reading.
 love his books
 Enjoyed the book
 A most enjoyable read. I have followed up by purchasing Book 2 &amp; 3.
 Southern murder mystery with a jaded lawyer and an innocent (?) client.  Interesting read with enough twists to make it worth the time.<br/><br/>Joe Dillard, the criminal defense attorney in question wants out of his profession before it sucks him dry, if only he had the money to support his family and leave criminal defense work with, finally, an innocent client.  Such are the circumstances of this book and it becomes a fine ride with an ending you don't see coming.<br/><br/>Compares favorably with Jonathan Kellerman's books as well as Tannenbaum's Marlene Ciampi Butch Karp series when Michael Gross was writing them.
 Easy reading and captivating.
 Enjoyed it.
 Enjoyed this book very much. Did not want to put it down.  Can not wait to read the next one.
 Good read
 Great read
 Good read.
 Liked it so much I got book 2 then 3 and so on and so on!  Red them all in 5 days.
 Great plot
 Good Read
 Lawyer Joe Dillard works for the public defender's office representing criminals.  His dream is to have ONE innocent client.  The characters are wonderfully developed and the writing is very good. The story will keep you guessing to the very end.  Not especially a page turner but a good mystery even so.  I enjoyed this book.  I would read more of the Joe Dillard series.  If you like legal/lawyer themes, this one is for you.  Enjoy!
 I enjoyed the book.
 I like this type od books and was very satisfied.
 Good.  I just ordered the 2nd in the series.
 Joe Dillard is certainly an unusual and unorthodox lead character, and this makes him the more genuine for it. He is like so many of us; honest, but with human frailties, hard-working, but insecure at times, and he has to wrestle a bit with his principles, as he learns doing the "moral thing" and following the law may not agree. It is a fairly short book, but tells a powerful, interesting tale. I'm sure Mr. Pratt will only improve.
 Great. Interesting. I'm reading book 2.
 If you like page turning Legal mysteries this author is for you.  Enjoy his other books as well.  Kay Dillon
 I love legal thrillers, mysteries, and dramas.<br/>I was attracted to this book because it is set in East Tennessee, near my home town. The characters and the area are realistic in the descriptions, and most of the language. It's obvious the author has spent enough time in the area to be very familiar with the culture.<br/>I was not real impressed with some of the stereotypical descriptions of some of the characters. I was also disappointed that Angel's true identity was not revealed; also I would have expected Joe Dillard to make sure she got some mental health follow up. I still enjoyed this first book by Scott Pratt, and I have started the second book in the series!
 Great surprise ending!!
 good book
 Loved the book. A very good read.
 A really good book! I can't wait to read the rest of the Joe Dillard series!
 Good book.
 Great book.  Can't wait to read #2.
 This is my second Joe Dillard mystery.  I read #3 in the series first and it was a very satisfying read, so I wanted to go back and start with the first one.  I was not disappointed.  A great plot, excellent character development and great dialogue.  Read it in a day and a half, just enough action and plot twists to keep you turning the pages.  I'm hooked, ready to start #2 in the series!
 Fair writing,entertaining but not predictable.
 enjoyed book
 I stumbled onto Scott Pratt's fabulous legal thriller An Innocent Client and am so happy I did!  I instantly found myself lost in the story and immediately drawn to the characters. I read this book in one sitting.  It is safe to say I'm addicted to the Joe Dillard series after one book! Great characters, writing, and plot. Makes for a 5 star read!
 Enjoyed the book
 Here comes the next big southern writer of legal fiction with the same gift of folksy detail as JOhn Grisham.  Poor Joe has to work in a back woods  county in Tennessee.  You can just imagine these people are real, everyone is colorful, and many are dangerous and some are funny.  A greatest read and there are at least 4 more to solve into.
 Good Read
 I really enjoyed this book very much.  It was my first time reading anything by Scott Pratt but it definitely will not be the last.  I like mysteries and always try to guess the ending before I get there.  This one had some twists and turns that surprised me and I do like surprises.  Mr. Pratt is a talented writer and I think he will continue to do very well in his writing career.
 Good to the end
 Enjoyed this book.  Good story.  Suspenseful but not too dramatic.
 Enjoyed reading it, reminds me of Grissom books.
 Jolly good read!
 Good writer!
 I really enjoy legal thrillers and have read almost all authors in this genre.  I had read this when it was initially released and revisited it.  It was even better second time around as I have grown to love Joe Dillard.<br/><br/>Would highly recommend this series.  More engrossing than most with well drawn characters and plotting.
 Really enjoyed this book, auhor.
 I thought it was a good suspence mystery and had a very good ending.
 Very good read! Enjoyed. Read whole book in a day. Fast paced. Like tis author and will read more. Great
 I will read more of the series
 very good
 Read this book in 1 day, good story, easy to read. I will be reading some more of Joe Dillard's adventures!
 I have read all Scott Pratt's books and enjoyed everyone but this was my favorite. He has an unusual knack for for bringing humor in a serious story. Anyone who reads this book will enjoy his character Erleen. I suggest all his books and you will be surprised but the independent authors<br/>way of telling a great story. Right up there with the big boys.
 Good enough to read twice.....I am so glad I found this author I am now a definite Scott Pratt fan
 I have started reading the whole series.  Very good reading.
 It took me too much time to become interested in.
 I am honestly surprised by all the good reviews. The book is filled with one dimensional cliche characters. The women are all pretty sassy southern bells who call everyone "Sugar". The criminals are all redneck hillbillies. Law enforcement are all surly A-holes. The protagonist is an ex army ranger lawyer with a super hot dancer wife. In other words the writer has NO imagination.<br/>I would comment on the plot, but there isn't one. I am 82 pages in, and the trial hasn't started. There have been less than 10 pages about the murder and the accused. The rest has been 170 pages of what I am guessing Mr Pratt fantasizes his life coulda shoulda been. Clearly he is a successful popular writer based on the reviews. But I honestly don't see how. Most of the scene come across as a BAD made for TV movie.
 Excellent book
 enjoyed the book
 I liked it enough to order the second book in the series.
 Great book! I immediately bought the second in the series.
 Loved it. A great page turner. Neat characters
 +sort of good
 by this.  The book is well written and enjoyable to read. He does get his innocent client or does he?
 This is really a 4.5.  With a good editor he'd get a 5.  This is the first in a series that I liked so much I immediately bought the sequel.  Great plot with one believable lead character.  With lawyering at its best with all the twists and turns you want in the court room legal mysteries.  The characters come to life, the plot is believable and spell binding and very fast paced.  Pratt delivers.
 enjoyed the book very much
 He's GOOD!  The story had some raunchy parts that bothered me, but the story is so well-woven together.  The characters were great! There were good, bad, and ugly.  It's sad to think there's alot of"politics" played in the judicial system as well as those involved in law enforcement (the police, the prisons...).  Pratt kept things lighthearted enough that the story didn't get too heavy.  I was smiling in the end.
 Good read!
 I just happened to stumble on this book and when I saw the author's name I wondered if this was the Scott Pratt I knew of when I was on the Johnson City Police Department.  It only took reading the first few pages to let me know that it was.<br/><br/>I would definitely  recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a mystery that revolves around a courtroom drama.  Great job Scott!
 I have read all of Scott Pratt's books - he is truly an outstanding author!
 great book, I keep getting the next one in the series.
 good read
 This book made me a fan!  I like a good, clean, mystery with people you can "picture" in your mind.  The lead is an attorney who struggles with his history, loves his wife and family, and struggles with his occupation as a defense lawyer.  Interesting storyline, but you will find yourself wanting to follow-up with the lead.  (For that reason, I am now on #5 of the series).
 Great legal thriller with unexpected turns
 I've enjoyed reading it.
 Another good one, loved it!
 Well written with red herrings and possible suspects them a surprising twist.
 An Innocent Client was very well written and kept my interest throughout.  The lawyer,  Joe, was likable and had substance.  The clients were never innocent but you rooted for Joe to get them off, or not.  Very, very good.<br/>Looking forward to reading more from this author.
 I don't enjoy his writing style. Seems sophomoric to me, but that is just me. You might be fine with it.
 I will definitely read his other books.
 I am reluctant to make too many comments. In every way it was disappointing. The best I can offer is that the author tried to do too much, it was much too long.
 Good read
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It had characters I could imagine so clearly (I'm from NC) and real places (we were just up there at Elizabethton and Johnson City, TN last month). I found myself caught up in the emotional turmoil to the point that I had tears. I have to confess the ending brought a smile too. Justice served! Looking for the next book in the series as soon as I finish this review.
 Really enjoyed it.  Good writing.  Pace was steady.  Good reading!
 Wonderful.
 Enjoyed it so much ,I bought the whole series.
 Entertaining read!
 A great read!  Looking forward to reading book 2 in the series.
 Actually 3.5. Not my favorite kind of book although it was a good story with a few twists and turns. I was hoping for a little more cerebral lawyerin' fare, a la Scott Turow, but it didn't make the grade. Enjoyable nonetheless, but kind of a throwaway effort. To be fair, I think the author has the makings for turning out better stuff and will probably try another one.
 🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓
 Meh. Dialogue too snappy and perfect as is the saintly, perfect sex-ready wife and amazingly talented children. Lacked authenticity. It read like a script for a formulaic TV crime show. Not my thing - only read about 2/3 of it.
 I'm facinated by courtroom drama and learning how unscrupulous judges and lawyers can be.  Scott Pratt tells a believable story and his characters are down to earth and interesting.  I cannot wait to finish one book and start the next one to see what is in store for Joe Dillard.  I highly recommend this series.  I know I am enjoying my trip into Joe's world.
 Great read. Not formulaic. Enjoyable characters.
 Interesting read from start to finish!  I immediately ordered all Scott Pratt novels.
 Was first Scott Pratt and immediately read second. Am now on third. Great read.
 Excellent. Hard to stop reading.
 Really enjoyed and now started book two!
 Good read...
 I don't like to compare authors so I won't here. Scott Pratt gets an "A" for this one. Joe Dillard is a very likeable character who really does want to do the right thing. As A defense attorney he knows that he defends scum, but does his job. I took a peek at the next book and I see he becomes a prosecutor. Hooray for Joe. Now he can really do what he wants and feel better about himself. Great book. I will read them all.
 Excellent book!!
 Easy reading.  Good character development.
 It was an easy read and it kept my attention throughout.
 great new author for me/
 I had not heard of this author, but bought the book on Amazon's recommendation. It was an enjoyable read. I would definitely buy another book by Scott Pratt.
 My 12 friends. Easy read had bd bd dj DJs she'd dud due did she DJs she should she bends
 I enjoyed the book and would recommend it. thx
 Other reviewers compared him to another mystery writer that I love, so I ordered the book.  There was so much foul language on the first two pages, that I threw it in the trash.  I wouldn't even pass it on to someone else.
 Good read
 I found this book to be very interesting, and it kept me reading to see what happened next!  I am now reading the second in series and find it as interesting.  I am female and it seems this is written more to the male population, but yet--most interesting!  His lawyer skills are outstanding and his handling of himself before a judge to be even more so.  Thanks for the good reading.
 Very enjoyable read
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I have already ordered three more Scott Pratt novels.
 An Innocent Client kept my interest.  There is no offensive language or explicit sexual content in the book.  For me, this is important for any book I read.  I would rather read a story by an author whose writing is  skillful enough to create believable characters without using a lot of bad language.  Scott Pratt's characters were very real.  However, I found his hero a little tedious.
 Suspenseful, interesting. Kept me flipping pages to the end. Complex characters with real-world experiences and human reactions. Cant wait to read the next in the series!
 Loved it! Can't wait to read more of his books
 excelent
 This was my first Scott Pratt novel. I will read more of his  books.
 Enjoyed this book very much
 Innocent Client is a well thought out novel based on a defense attorney.  All the characters personalities shine through very well,  the author really lets you get to know them.  Has a very nice combination of emotions, excitement, and anticipation.  I enjoy legal thrillers and this book didn't let me down.  I would definitely recommend reading it. I will be moving on to the second now.
 enjoyed it
 Bought on the recommend list love it
 Quite a good read
 Excellent book!  Every bit as good as The Lincoln Lawyer.
 As a trial lawyer of 40+ years I have read dozens and dozens of legal fiction books, most improbable if not ridiculous. This was a good read. A lot of the legal byplay rang true. Unlike so many legal books the dialog is nothing like you would hear in court, but not the case here. It sounded like a real trial. Highly recommend!!!
 Great twist.  Gave me a good laugh at the end.
 This is a perfect read for a vacation or quiet weekend. It was a fast, easy read. Scott Pratt was not familiar to me, but he has an uncomplicated style without over burdening with detail. An Innocent Client isn't overloaded with characters, like many other novels. So, keeping track of who is who is fairly simple. The characters are well defined and simple to visualize. The plot was good with a nice twist at the end.<br/>After reading this, I look forward to reading some of the other books written by Pratt.
 Great book! Looking forward to the rest of the series!!
 It was a good book.  It definetly kept my interest.
 No need
 Scott Pratt is really good at spinning a tale. His plot twists and multiple sub plots keep the pages turning almost by themselves. I have now read two of his books and am about to start the third. The only complaint I have is with the editing. Many words are omitted and this careless editing hurts the flow for me. With a better proof reader, he gets 5 stars from me. Very talented writer!
 good read
 Enjoyed the read nice twist at the end
 Great read!
 An innocent client is ok.
 Just loved the unexpected. Also liked the humor.j
 I am reading the seventh book in this series.  I have enjoyed all of them.
 Well worth the read.
 Great read fast moving
 Addicted to his books.  Reminds me of Harlen Corbin.
 Great read
 Lots of twists and turns
 Will read this entire series!  Great characters!
 If you like legal thrillers that read true to life and keep you turning the pages as fast as you can, this book is for you. Mr. Pratt makes the characters real, varied and interesting. You find yourself rooting for the main character, Joe Dillard, because you really do see him as 'a decent guy'. I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It's my first read of a Platt book, but very likely not my last.
 The book was a intriguing, held my interest.  The setting was where I lived for seven years.  The characters were believable, so real.  I could not put it down.  I have written down the other books in the Joe Dillard Series and want to read them all.  Thanks for offering this one on Amazon for me to read.  Looking forward to reading book two, In Good Faith.  Excellent writer.
 good read for the price.
 A great read.l can,t wait to read the whole series.I will order all 6 books today .can,t wait to get started.
 I bought his second book right after I read this one!
 I quit at page 37. I couldn’t stand it any longer. The characters are such lowlifes with no redeeming value that it’s impossible to care about them at all. It reads like a nightmare in a bad paperback.  If it wasn’t in kindle format I’d toss it in the fireplace. I normally donate my books but I’d be embarrassed to donate this one.
 Great story with fun twists. The characters were well developed.
 Just too short. It was a quick read
 Was a great read. I read a lot of books and found this very enjoyable
 Very good kept me reading will read his  otherbooks
 Scott, You did a great job on this book. There was something very special to me in it, and that was, you showed many readers that a book can be interesting plus enjoyable without the use of vulgarity. The story became catchy from the beginning and I couldn't seem to part from it for a long period of time. Thank you for your work in making it so worthwhile reading. I can now go to your next novel and feel comfortable that I made the right choice. I am going to personally mention to others of what I found and observed in the choices you've made and published The Innocent Client.<br/>Tom
 The story that held my attention.  Once I started reading it was hard to stop.
 "An Innocent Client" by Scott Pratt is easy to recommend. Pratt is an excellent story teller and he writes well. Joe Dillard is a defense attorney who would like to get to the prosecution side of the business because he is weary and conflicted about continuing to defend criminals.  But he is paid well to take on one more  case and winds up with a client who is innocent. The characters are well drawn and interesting. Lovers of Michael Connelly and John Grisham would enjoy adding this book to their collection.
 Excellent read.
 A good story.
 I had never read anything by this author, but I can't wait to read more. It's full of suspense and intrigue. I just couldn't put it down. The characters are so well described I felt like I was watching a movie. I want more!!<br/>I would recommend to anyone who likes mysteries and intrigue and the language is not foul, which I liked. Thanks
 The main character is very likable.  A good beach read.  I was hoping for more court action.
 Can't believe how great this book was!  I have to stop typing this so I can read his next Joe Dillard...
 Love the Joe Dillard character, his family, and  the characters in this first book by Scott Pratt.<br/><br/>Plenty of action both within the courtroom and outside. This is for fans of action novels and legal thrillers. Something for every one including a wonderful character development. I recommend reading this one and then purchase the rest; you'll be glad you did.
 Author Scott Pratt's "Joe Dillard" series was a wonderful, surprise discovery for me.  The Publisher hasn't pushed this book enough - and should.  After reading An Innocent Client (Joe Dillard Series No. 1), I purchased the other 4 in the series (so far).  Joe Dillard is a likeable character - with an edge, which makes him believable and relatable.
 Great book...well written!!
 great
 It's OK - fast, entertaining read.
 This is the first book I've read by Scott Pratt. It's hard to find the adjectives to describe this exciting, edge of your seat, you-think-you-know-who-dun-it-but- you-don't kind of book. It also included good family dynamics and one of the most interesting characters I've met in a book in a long time. I will definitely be reading the next book!
 One of the best novels that I've read this year. I'm not sure where Scott Pratt is in his literary career, but if he keeps writing books like this one, he will soon be joining the big leagues. Grisham had best be looking over his shoulder - 'cause Scott Pratt isn't too far behind. I am now off to buy the 2nd novel in the Joe Dillard series. Keep up the good works Scott !
 Good series.
 Nice narrative.
 After the last several ho hum books I had a hard time putting this book down.  Just what I want in a mystery/ thriller book-that twist at the end.  Last two books were so predictable that I lost interest.  I like the the way Scott writes &amp; plan to read the next 4 in the series one after the other.  I want to what Joe Dillard takes on next &amp; how he ends up.
 I enjoyed the depth of each of the characters. Fun to read!
 I found the book fast passed and the story compelling.
 Great read,can't put it down.
 I couldn't get past the first few pages, maybe you have to be a guy to be OK with the way the book is written about the male anatomy- yuck.
 Fun read!
 I really enjoyed this book by Scott Pratt.  I found the Dillard family very likeable and I went on to buy and read the rest of the books in the series.  I followed Joe Dillard's career and enjoyed how he handled each new challenge.<br/>I always enjoy finding a series with such honorable and likeable people with great families.<br/>I recommend the entire series.
 A good read, wanted to keep reading
 Excellent book
 I wanted to write a review of my thoughts about this but had to go back and read the summary of what it's about to refresh my memory. That about sums it up. It's fine if you are on an aeroplane and have some time to kill but right now I can't even remember how it ended and it was only a few days since I finished it.
 A great read! I'll be downloading more of this author's work.
 Great read. Well written.
 Enjoyable read.
 This is the sort of tight, gripping drama John Grisham used to produce. Mr. Pratt, has, though, left the competition in the dust with this series` first volume.<br/><br/>Totally believable characters, completely accurate regional color, ingenious plot development, and an absolutely surprise ending, make this a must read for mystery fans.
 Enjoyed the audio !
 My first book by Scott Pratt and surely not my last. On TV I like Criminal Minds, Law &amp; Order, Blue Blood,  all the CSI stories, The Good Wife, etc. This book is about lawyers, police, detectives, politicians, forensic evidence, rapist, murderers and victims; friends and family; hate and love. A well written mystery that kept my attention.
 enjoyed the book very much.  will look for more books by this author
 Well written. Clever resolution. Different story-line.
 Nice easy read.
 Almost a masterpiece
 I thought it was pretty good. Hoping the second book is better.
 Enjoyed the book plenty of suspense.
 One of the best books I have read in awhile
 not bad
 Too much nasty talk and sex to suit me.
 I started reading it but I am going to delete it. The story line is OK but the language is really raunchy.
 I would read more of the Joe Dillar series :-)
 Very good. Read
 This book was a great mystery book and held my interest throughout. I enjoyed the variety of characters and their relationships to each other. The evil characters were truly evil and the honest characters were truly honest. Both the men and women were portrayed well and made very believable. I hope to read more books in this series.
 an average book. there is no much courtromm drama. Author has lost the focus on the main theme.
 Easy read  entertaining
 Interesting beginning to end.
 Excellent  a real page turjner  highly recommend it
 Loved the characters Enjoyed the book
 It definitely kept my attentions!
 Scott Pratt has written a great legal thriller with lots of plot turns right through the last page. His characters-- including his protagonist, Joe Dillard-- are real , interesting and well developed. His mastery of the criminal legal process is both educational and adroit.  Reality, humor, suspense and great pacing, this one has it all. Can't wait to read the next one in the series. J.
 I enjoyed reading this book.  Since I have an eye issue, I can only read for a little while at a time.  So many times I have to review what I read before reading on but this book was easy to remember the characters and what I had read before.  I like a book that keeps my attention and flows smoothly.  Each time I put my book down, I was anxious to pick it up again.
 Very bood!
 I enjoyed this book. It may not be great literature, but I wasn't expecting a classic. I liked the character of Joe Dillard, and I thought Scott Pratt's writing is good.  I will probably read the second book in the series and see if I enjoy it enough to go for another.  I would recommend the book to a friend who was interested in some light reading and a engaging story.
 This is one of those books that grabbed me right from the start and wouldn't let go until the end.  In fact, I didn't want it to end.  There is still another story waiting to happen.  If you like reading about how those with the knowledge of the law can use it to the good or bad this book will do that for you.  I highly recommend it to others.
 Great book. Look forward to reading next Joe Dillard in series
 AI found the subplot not relevant to the story.
 I've read all six books in the series and loved them all. Some were a little better than others but they were all great. I hope there are more or maybe another similar series. I enjoy Scott Pratt's writing and characters. I recommended this book series to my wife who is a horror/mystery book fan and she enjoyed every one of the books as well.
 Gripping
 Why?
 Good book!
 Being stuck in the snow bound north western part of New Jersey with nothing to do, how happy I was to find Scott Pratt's Joe Dillard series of lawyer based books. What a great read!! I began with No. 1 after it popped up on Amazon as something I might enjoy and I have just started No. 4 of the series. I could not stop myself from ordering the sequels. Joe Dillard is the tough, fair, good guy lawyer that is reminiscent of John Grisham 's central characters. Mr. Pratt's writing style is quite like Grishams.<br/>These have entertained me and I am trying to figure out which will come first, the end of the series or the melting of snow which will send me back to my office and end my thoroughly enjoyable experience with attorney Joe Dillard and his cases.<br/>Thank you Scott Pratt, I am totally hooked.
 A good read,!
 I would recommend this book to any Grisham fan.  Thank you to Scott Pratt for providing a new series!  This book is a fast paced legal mystery that kept me guessing until the end.  I have already ordered the next book in the 'Joe Dillard' series and will begin it as soon as I have finished this review.  Thoroughly an enjoyable read.
 This is the first time I've read anything by this author and was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed the book. as a matter of fact I got so engrossed in the story I almost  missed my stop on the subway. Am definitely purchasing the rest of the books in the series. I also rarely write reviews but this book in my opinion was with the time I spent reading it.
 I love this author's books. I live in Johnson City, TN and am familiar with this author. He has done an excellent job with the novels and characters in this series. Dillard is a great character and is totally believable. After reading these stories, he feels like someone you actually know. I highly recommend Scott Pratt and any of his books. You will not be disappointed!
 I loved it !!  Good story !!
 While looking for a good book to read, I stumbled onto this book by Scott Pratt. I am so glad I found this book and author! I am not a literary genius by any means, but reading is a huge pastime of mine. When you find a book that you just can't wait to see what happens next.... ahh sweet victory! I do hope you enjoy it as much as I did!
 Entertaining to day the least
 Loved it!  Immediately got the next book in the series!
 Loved this Book-Great read
 I love this whole series. I always love finding a series that I can really get into and cant wait to read the next book as soon as I finish the one before it. This series is like that. It grabbed me and kept me interested in its characters and storyline all the way thru. I love legal thrillers anyway but this was a great read.
 Good reading
 I think that I've found a new author who, not only can tell an enjoyable story<br/>but can do it around a multidimensional lead character with flaws and all. This was a very good read for me, and am happily awaiting my next Joe Dillard book to arrive in the mail. Since Scott has a number of other books out in this series, I won't have to wait for his next release.
 Fair only
 Very good legal thriller.
 Good. Already bought book no. 2.
 Do not know why it received so many 5* reviews. The basic story is detracted by too many unnecessary descriptions. The side stories could have been told in a few sentence. Worse, the book is very repetitive telling the same story in various parts of the book. If I did not have to read the book I would have put in down after 100 pages. It was tedium to read it.
 a good fun book to read had a little mixture of guilt ridden attorneys, guilty clients, and corrupt police investigators. I would have liked the strip club cast to have a little more depth and information about their backgrounds especially the club owner and her dead husband.  Overall it was a good read and a definite page Turner.
 Very good book.  Just starting on the second.
 My mother and I read this book in one day each, couldn't  put it down!  The writing is excellent, characterization fulsome and the plot is good to the last drop with a great and unexpected ending which is exceptional in this genre.  I can't wait to read his other books!
 Fun fast paced thriller! Recommended!
 Fast moving, well written
 Couldn't finish past the fourth chapter.  Not every woman needs to be sexually commented upon - I was more interested in a legal mystery (hence the Amazon recommendation as a John Grisham alternative).  I kept reading, continually asking myself if this would ever be in a Grisham novel and finally stopped reading.  Also, the detectives seem to come to quick conclusions - I'd be worried if I lived in this town.  If a detective doing an investigation of a place where a man had been the night before - who tells the owner that the man who "was killed" - I'd assume he'd been killed by a human being that might have ties to that place just like the owner assumed not place the owner under suspicion because she didn't assume a non-human murderer (hey detective, bears and runaway trains don't frequent strip clubs).<br/><br/>My relatives retired to Johnson City - this is not Johnson City.
 So many twists and turns in the book.  Very good first book.  Only negatives are too much time spent on family history.  I know it is important to the story but was too repetitive.  Mr. Pratt's writing style is not polished but this doesn't detract from the story.  Since there are at least six books in the series I'm assuming joe Dillard didn't retire.  Definitely going to check out the second book.
 A great read!
 Full of interesting characters and legal twists, and a great story, too. I got this book for free but definitely plan on checking out more by Scott Pratt.  I thought the prosecutor's sloppiness in rushing to indict before all the evidence was in was a little hard to believe but maybe Mr. Pratt knows better than I do.
 This is well written with excellent character development.  Without giving anything away, if you've ever faced the dilemma  of doing what is expected vs what you know is right, you will appreciate this book.  There are some interesting twists that I didn't see coming,  I thoroughly enjoyed this book.
 Excellent read
 Have not finished the book but seems there is a lot of unnecessary porn sex
 Loved this book.  True account of the legal system.
 Felt like I was reading a high school students creative writing paper. Very disappointed.
 I would highly recommend this book. The plot held my interest to the end. It was believable with characters you felt you had known for years who would always have your back and see that justice prevails. Even though the verdict may be unexpected, somehow it feels right .I will enjoy books by this author again soon.
 Easy read for a summers day
 Good book / fast read
 OK, I had never heard of Scott Pratt but a friend recommended him and I am totally hooked!  I love reading about places that I can identify with here in East Tennessee.  He writes very similar to Grisham but is more "down-home", or something.  Loved the first one and had to order all 7 of the series with Joe Dillard!  Love this author!
 Aa excellent read
 good stuff! If you want change read this
 Great
 This was a good legal thriller and I enjoyed the story. Poor Joe was required by judges to take on cases to defend horrible people, but even though he knew they were guilty, he did his best to follow the legal system to the best of his ability.  He just really wanted to defend someone he knew was innocent and in the twists and turns of the story you'll see if he finally gets his wish.
 I read the first book and just a couple of weeks later, I am reading book 6!  This is a wonderful series. Scott Pratt is a great writer who never leaves a dull moment in each of his books.  You will watch Joe Dilliard evolve in a way that can only be done by someone with true writing talent.  I would strongly recommend reading each of the books in the Joe Dillard series. You will love Joe and his family and the stories about them written by Mr Pratt.  Fun, adventure, and a bit of a<br/>mystery. All of these are qualities in these great stories.
 this was the first book that I read by Scott Pratt I am now reading book 4 of the Joe Dillard series I am very happy that I tried the first book of this series. I would recommend this  series to any one who would ask me. When  I finish reading all seven books in  the series I will try to find more books that he wrote. I am sure that they will just as good.
 Loved this book couldn't put it down
 Within the first few pages, An Innocent Client became a page-turner. This is the third of the Joe Dillard Series, but the first that I read. I plan to read the rest in order and continue to follow author Scott Pratt's newest series. If you read Gone Girl, or The Beach House, you'll enjoy the twists, turns, and unexpected ending buried in the final pages.
 This is my first encounter with Scott Pratt.  I like his style of writing - clean and gets the story told.  Interesting plot twists and enjoy reading from a lawyers perspective.  Makes you realize how flawed the law can be sometimes.  Try it if you like law based mysteries.  Scott Pratt is now on my iist of favorite writers.
 Great read
 Awesome read!
 Defense attorney Joe Dillard struggles with some personal demons as he struggles with the moralities of defending several real life demons.  All the while he wonders if he will ever have the chance to defend an actual innocent client  Does he get the chance in this debut novel?  Read it to find out....  I am looking forward to diving into Book 2!
 Lots of behind the scenes disclosure of the mindset and actions of the criminal defense attorney and his longing for just one truly innocent client. A great read with interesting characters. Will have you guessing until the end whether there is really such a thing as true innocence.
 good reading
 Great book! Have purchased all of these books!
 As the wife of a retired criminal defense attorney I was at first skeptical to download this book. Expecting the typical television hype of the law. As an attorney himself, Scott Pratt has nailed it!  Great story line, great defense, looking forward to reading more in the Joe Dillard series.<br/>Readers...download and enjoy...I sure did.
 Great ending
 Great read
 This review is purposely short, and  hopefully to the point. This is a thoroughly enjoyable book and I was particularly pleased to notice that the book was not filled with profanity,which is so often the case with many modern authors. The characters were extremely well developed and the story riveting.What more cold I ask for, Denzil Ward, South Africa
 Fair
 Likeable main character with a growing dislike for his profession as a defense attorney.  His desire for just one innocent client drives this story.  It is well written with a few twists.  A good read.  If you like Lisa Scottoline, you will enjoy this author.
 Great read!
 Interesting
 Mr. Pratt has done a fine job in this first Joe Dillard novel of weaving a good plot, full of just enough surprises to keep it interesting, and building to a very unexpected conclusion. No spoilers here - you'll have to read it yourself to find out, but I certainly will be breaking into the next one in this series.  Thank you, sir!  Well done!
 Good book.
 I honestly did not go into this book with high expectations, but I was pleasantly surprised. The main character is a troubled individual, who is tired of defending guilty clients. All he wants, as the title says, is an Innocent Client. It's an easy read, that speeds along, with good action, and a somewhat surprising ending.
 The book was a little slow read for me but it is well written and definitely has some twists and turns.  I can't really call this a "legal thriller" but if you like books about the twists and turns of our legal system, especially from the perspective of a burned-out legal defense attorney, this is a good read.
 Very good reason!  Holds your interest!
 A great new author for we mystery fans.
 I loved the character development that Scott uses and he grabbed my attentions by his writing style. At first I thought I wasn't going to like the main character but soon I was totally charmed by him. It was a good plot, well written and I would recommend this book to anyone.
 Great series!
 Great read. I couldn't put it down!
 Good read
 Good suspense story
 Mr. Pratt tells an engrossing story.  His characters are authentic, the plot flows well, suspense builds and there is a substantial amount of humor.  I am looking forward to the rest of the series.  The author is not as thorough nor as intense as Michael Connelly (Harry Bosch and Mickey Haller) but similarities are there, in my opinion.
 I really enjoyed this book, and I really like the main character, Joe Dillard. I was looking for a new series to start reading after having read all of the books from my favorite authors like John Grisham, James Patterson, and Michael Connelly I am looking forward to reading Scott Pratt's series and to see what the character Joe Dillard has in store for the future.
 Excellent piece of writing.
 Loved the book!  Loved the characters!  Loved the plot!  The book has to be one of my favorites, ever!<br/>An " innocent client" and a perfect murder, plus the scum bag deserved to be murdered!<br/>What a fun book!  Yes, I will read more of this author's books.
 I just discovered Scott Pratt during a search on Amazon. I'm so thrilled to find him because I live in the area where his books take place. He has great plots and unexpected twists. I will continue to work my way through all his books and highly recommend them to anyone like myself who loves reading legal thrillers!
 I liked this book because I like to read only a few pages a night. This book can be put down and picked back up without losing the concept of the story. Scott Pratt is not an author I normally read but a refreshing new one for me. I recommend this book for easy murder mystery reading!
 This was the first of Scott Pratt's books that I read.  It drew me in immediately.  I like Pratt's writing style, and Joe Dillard is an easy guy to like.  Being a retired investigator, I love books that involve investigations and courtroom action.  After reading this one, I promptly ordered the next three books in the Joe Dillard series.
 Defence lawyer is assigned clients by the judge.  He gives the best defense and tries to get reduced sentences.<br/><br/>He is paid a good fee to defend a young girl, his sister is an addict which makes him sympathic to the clients.<br/><br/>He has a nice marriage and family plus a dog.... really wants to be a prosecutor.
 Joe Dillard is the best lawyer in Tennessee.  And is his client innocent?  A family man who is honest and loved tries to interpret the law and protect clients doing his best in every case.  But he defends criminals and yes, many have done wrong.  He hates his job, but needs the money.  His plan to leave in the near future is a part of this exciting story.  Well written.  Enjoyed reading!
 This was my first time reading this author, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Joe Dillard, the main character, is likeable but also flawed enough to make him real.  The story was clever and well written.  I highly recommend this book, and I'm planning to read more by Scott Pratt.
 This book was really great.  Even though it was cheap, I would compare it favorably to some of the best and well known authors.  The characters are fully developed,  the story made sense to me in every detail.  I would rate it at or near the top of all legal thrillers.  I plan to read the entire series.
 Excellent book!
 Great book!  Fast read.
 Suspensiv all through the book
 Good readers
 Predictable near the end.
 Really enjoyed this author
 I happened to find Scott's book on Amazon while searching for something to occupy my reading time while waiting on the next Grisham and Baldacci. I am very impressed with Scott's writing and he writes in a manner that makes it very tough to put down.<br/><br/>As soon as I finished this book I went on Amazon and bought the next five.<br/><br/>Scott develops his characters really well. I feel that I actually know Joe and Caroline as well as the other characters.<br/><br/>I strongly recommend this series of books. You will not be disappointed.
 It was interesting
 Very good read
 Enjoyed how the writer went from first to third person. The main character is developed, flawed, and likable. . I enjoy novels that explore our justice/criminal defense system and this fit the bill.
 This was an easy book to read and even easier to enjoy.  I loved the relationship between Joe and his sister.  The way they finally talked about how the uncle had come between them was very heartwarming.  He was a sharp attorney with a great family and I can't wait to read more.
 Being a lawyer, Scott Pratt is following in John Grisham's footsteps  and it shows in his writing style. I like his character, Joe Dillard, as well.
 A good tale.  Lots of plot twists; and in the end, it all comes together plausibly.  Colorful characters.  Main character Dillard is a good guy with a little bad in him, which works for the story.  A few minor problems with the manuscript: punctuation errors, typos, editing glitches.  Nothing bad enough to take away from the read, however.
 predictable
 After a rather slow start, I was pleased at some of the twists and turns along the way. I admit that a portion of the plot wasn't very realistic (how the police treat the main character, things they ask of him and allow him to do) BUT . . . even so, I enjoyed the book.
 This book is one you won't want to put down. From the very beginning it grabs your attention. The characters are well written, so much so you can actually picture them. There's humor in how the characters think and act. The plot is brilliantly written. Any free time I had was used reading this book once I started it. I've been looking for a good book to read for awhile and wasn't finding anything that was interesting, so I've started several books and never finished them. This one I finished in less than a week. I have a new author to read now.
 I read the second in this series first.  Enjoyed it so much, I ordered the first one.  So I guess I'm hooked.  It was such good reading, I have already ordered the third.  It has an easy flow, you get caught up in the story line and can't lay it down.
 The title is the first book in a series of Joe Dillard stories. Joe is a defense lawyer and has defended and won cases for some very bad people. He is beginning to wonder if he is doing the right thing but justifies the job he does as a necessary one. Joe has to deal with some complex family issues, relationships and defending people charged with major crimes. He has a murder case assigned to him with a client who looks guilty. He is up against a tough prosecuting attorney, a crooked government agent and the victim's insane son. This plot has twists and turns that keep the reader guessing. I enjoyed this read very much and hope to see more from author Scott Pratt.
 I did not find any of the characters to be believable. I did not enjoy this book
 Good read.
 Good read!!
 Loved this first Joe Dillard thriller. Joe is a character that can be visualized. He is 3 dimensional, a hero to admire, a human to relate to. I couldn't get my hands on the next 3 in this series quickly enough, reading them back to back!
 Great book!
 I love these books!!!!!
 Wow! This was an awesome book. I could not put it down. Just be warned, there are some pretty disturbing things that happen in this book.
 A great mystery novel keeps you guessing, An Innocent Client allows the reader to guess the outcome accurately.<br/>The book is well written and you the characters are well developed.  The plot is the books weakness and I would be reluctant to recommend it.  However, I will look at other Scott Pratt offerings as it is clear that he is a gifted author.
 Joe Dillard defends really rogue, mean criminals.  The author develops these characters to support the story without letting them dominate or drag down Joe and his family.  The events that lead to his innocent client hold attention and build suspense.  Will look for more in the Joe Dillard Series.
 My wife and I love the mystery genre and are always looking for new authors and series.  The Joe Dillard series hits the spot!  We happened on to "An Innocent Client" through Amazon, and after reading it, quickly ordered the other five books in the series.  We are avidly reading them now.
 Scott Pratt is definitely close to my most favorite legal stories author (No need to mention his name as most of us know it begins with a J).<br/>It was a page turner for me and I could actually see the court room drama when the case was being tried.<br/>I am looking forward to other books in Joe Dillard series....
 I found the book easy to read and it held my interest.  Most of the violence was suggested, but not constant. The relationship between Joe and Caroline is strong and lasting, while that between Joe and Sarah collapsed and had to be rebuilt. The end was satisfying and a bit on the humorous side, which I appreciated. I enjoyed the story very much.
 Seriously, I work for a living so it was hard for me to finish this book in two days but I really couldn't put it down. Mr Pratt painted the complete picture throughout the whole story and at the end I thought that I should have seen it coming. Of course I was wrong. He never expected me to see it coming and that is what makes him a brilliant author. I will write a book some day and I will probably steal something from him that will make it worth reading. I will be adding Scott Pratt to my list of favorite authors.
 Really enjoy this book. The characters are interesting and genuine; parallel story lines develop in many directions.  The plot develops at a good pace and is a real page turner.  The story let me walk in the shoes of a trial lawyer; recommend this book to all mystery plot readers.
 I really enjoyed this book! It was well-written with a good plot and very good character development. I plan on reading more of this author and his "Joe Dillard Series". It held my attention and had some good "twists and turns" in it. Highly recommended!
 loved this book
 Well written, relatively fast-paced but easy to follow. I found the characters believable with complex personal histories and emotional responses. Good read for anyone who enjoys fictional crime without unnecessary violence and gore with an appropriate measure of the human condition and personality.  Love the Tennessee setting and culture of a small town.  I'll read the series!
 I was looking for a new series and came across this one. The story was really good, the main character seemed very real as he dealt with pressure, family, his job, and terrible events from his past. There was good humor and some nice twists to keep you guessing. I will certainly purchase more of the Joe Dillard series, and the price was another big plus. If you are a Grisham, Lincoln Lawyer, or Bosch fan, this is good addition for your collection.
 Who dunnit?  If the beautiful young girl didn't do it,who did?  A second client?  Somebody else?  why?  These are some of the twists in this book.<br/>Have fun reading it.<br/>But I didn't like it well enough to buy more books in the series when there are so many free ones for the kindle.
 Well written story about a lawyer looking for an innocent client.  An interesting break from stories about cops and private eyes.  Some fisticuffs and gun work, but mostly brain work in this story.  Not as exciting, maybe, but will hold your interest.<br/><br/>Richard Ruppel
 Very engaging!
 Disappointed in the first book of the series. The second was very good.  Unnecessarily crude and I couldn't finish it.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book!  The story was compelling and fast-moving. I thought the characters and the legal case were fascinating. This book was remarkably similar to John Grisham's books which I love. My thanks to Mr. Pratt for creating the Joe Dillard series. I will read all of them.
 A defense lawyer tires with always defending guilty clients. His wish for an innocent client is finally realized or so he thinks. Sometimes innocence and guilt are intertwined and the lawyer uses his own morality to determine a course of action.
 I had never read any of his books before, in fact had never heard of him and because the major authors that I do read are never on Prime, I have read some really good books of authors that I have never read before. The book kept my interest, I read it in just a few days, my husband is the slow reader. I really enjoyed the book and have already ordered Book 2 in the series. I will most likely read all of his books if they are as good as Book 1.
 Good book
 marie sipala
 This was a nice little story, not too heavy on the courtroom drama, with enough undercurrents to make it interesting.  Switching between 1st and 3rd person can be a challenge, but Pratt did a decent job i his first offering.  Looking forward to reading the rest of the Dillard series.
 This is a page turner.  Loved it all except for about 15 pages when he is having a crisis of conscience toward the end.  It just seemed out of character with the guy and the book in general.  Don't get me wrong I would read it all over again and I do plan and getting all the others.  Read this, it was a great read.
 This book kept me interested however I did skim a few pages as I was impatient to get to the end. I liked the writers style and the fact he didn't need to include profane language or exceptionally graphic details to keep the story moving along. I recommend this book and look forward to reading another one by Scott Pratt.
 good story
 👍
 As a retired court reporter I love courtroom drama and the author gave us an excellent view of what sometimes really happens in cases.  I loved every page and especially the twist of comedy in the end.  I'm ready to read the next novel in the series.  The fact that you get hooked from page one is always a plus for me.
 Excellent
 Liked it
 As I have found many times in the past, many books/authors have difficulty in story line initiation.  For that reason I will generally abide by a "read four chapters" rule before throwing the towel.  I couldn't make it there with this book.  After three chapters of nonsense and attempts at shocking or grossing out the reader, I shut it down.  I know that a lot of time, imagination, and effort goes into writing a book regarding any topic.  But this book doesn't qualify.  I am only giving it a one star rating because that is the lowest I ranking I can designate this piece of trash which is totally devoid of any imagination and creative writing effort.  Only now do I see that the author has written many more books in his "Joe Dillard" series for which I would like to encourage anyone that reads this to SAVE YOUR MONEY AND TIME!  I read a lot but I will never take the time to read anything else that is written by Scott Pratt.
 Suspenseful legal thriller with a few twists, great character development and dynamic plot. Joe Dillard is a lawyer who helps the underdogs, regardless of guilt or innocence.
 Until reading this I had assumed that a defense lawyer would have had a few innocent clients during his/her career. The crimes described were horrible, believable and complicated. The interrelationships among the characters revealed at the end were great. I want to read more of Joe Dillard.
 A little predictable, but entertaining none the less. "An Innocent Client" is murder suspense, but with the story lines surrounding the main character, Joe Dillard, rather than the actual murder and suspects. This writing style carries the main character outside of the courtroom and into a series.<br/><br/>I would recommend this first in series book to anyone who looks forward to "what's next?"<br/><br/>I give it 4 stars because, even when you could almost figure what was about to happen, there was a twist. I will follow the series as long as I can.
 I've read all of the Joe Dillard books and each one set its own pace which means I was unable to put them down....I promised myself I would read just one more chapter and then do whatever was on my list of things to do for the day. It didn't turn out that way, there was always something left on my to do list for the next day. Thoroughly enjoyed each book and it has been a long time since I finished them and I've started reading them again. Scott Pratt is a great writer and I hope he continues for many years to come.
 I like the suspense in the story. I also love the characte of Joe Dillard, with he's faults and virtues very human.<br/>This is the first book tha I read and I am going to buy all his books<br/>I am going to recommend it to my friends who enjoy the same interest I reading<br/>I could not stop from reading ontil the end
 Boy, it reads so real.  Love Joe Dillard and his family in this series.  The humor is just right.  Tells the truth about our justice system, which isn't a surprise just disappointing - but I can't wait for more.  This is one series I hope continues.
 This was the first book written by Scott Pratt that I've read,  but it won't be the last... Very good story line with well-developed characters. Nice plot twists, too! If you like good, escapist entertainment, give this book a try. It's interesting to see who the hero is in this book, let me tell you that.
 Great, don't have time to read, but can't put the book away. and there is more to come, read on.
 A few too many "F" words. "Blow job" unacceptable. We thought we'd try Alafaire Burke because she teamed up with Mary Higgins Clark. Hopefully some of Mary's ethical writing standards have since rubbed off on Alafaire.  Anything we've read by Mary complies totally with our expectations - NO profanity, NO raw language, NO sex; these things are not necessary for a book to be right for us. We appreciate great "edge of your seat stories" and high ethical writing.<br/><br/>We'd appreciate any suggestions for mysteries that contain NO profanity and NO sex like John a Grisham.<br/><br/>Thanks,<br/><br/>Russ
 Really bad writing, the dialogue reads like a middle school effort. Could not even finish it. Try John Sanford instead.
 Read all books in this series. Scott Pratt will hold your interest in his well written books. If you read a series of books, and the main character feels like a real live person, such as Joe Dillard, the author has completed the literary mission.  Read them all!
 This is the first in a series and I will be reading the rest of the books in the series.  This is very well written, easy and comfortable to read.  The story line is entertaining and interesting.  Most of all the book is fun to read, like a Stone Barrington story.
 I have never read a book by Scott Pratt but thought why not! His reviews all said he is excellent and 99¢ you can't go wrong! I was definitely not let down! His characters are very well defined and you actually feel for them. He definitely knows how to suck you in!!!!
 Scott Pratt is one of the better authors I've read lately. The Joe Dillard series is emotionally intense and the action flows almost organically. the quality of the writing is excellent--no obvious errors, or plot flaws. I've completed three of this series and plan to finish the others quickly.
 I am a new Scott Pratt fan.  This book was terrific.  It kept you interested all the way through.  I had a hard time putting it down each night to go to sleep.  Particularly enjoyed the ending. Very well written.  Going to read the next in the Joe Dillard series for my next book.
 If I didn't know better I would have said this was written by one of the big time legal thriller authors with a million dollar advance, publicity, the works. This book is very good entertainment - not a false step all the way through. I'll certainly be reading more by this author!
 I really like this book because it is a court case, but you are not stuck in the courtroom the whole story.  There is a real-like life story behind it.  It comes to a final conclusion.  It does not leave you wondering how it ends or that you would have to read the next book.
 I liked the twist, but I saw it coming too soon. The main character was a little whinny for my taste.
 I stumbled across this book and I'm sure glad I went ahead and purchased it. The story doesn't lag and is well written and researched. You care about the characters and they're believable. I'll keep ordering and reading his books.
 I enjoyed the story line.  Good character development and some interesting twists.  I anticipated the ending, but it played out a little different than anticipated.  A negative for me was the occasional crude vulgarity; I found it crass and very unnecessary to the story.
 This book was fun to read! I finished it and immediately bought the next three Scott Pratt books in the Joe Dillard series. Have read the next two and am anxious to read the last one.  I have been a fan of John Grisham for years and am now a fan of Scott Pratt.
 The client on the stand pleads guilty to murder<br/>but did she do it.<br/>You will have to read it right to the end to<br/>find out,<br/>A top story written very well<br/>You will find it hard to put it down<br/>Another book that cost less than two dollars,
 I thoroughly enjoyed the book.  The hero is a down to earth attorney who isn't sure he should be an attorney, and you can take it from there.  It was interesting to see if he finally had an innocent client and the twists and turns the book took to let us find out.
 When a lawyer decides he's had enough and wants out of his profession, he's nearly done in by his remaining cases.  And just when he thinks it couldn't get any worse, his own sister throws a wrench in the works.  Keeps you turning the pages.  Great characters.
 Wellcome written, interesting, legal twists send turns of small town thinking and politics. I read the second book and that, too was interesting with legal insights which I don't know if hey were imaginary or not, but still the writing wasn't insulting to the reader and flowed.
 A crude but very interesting story of strippers, prostitutes,drugs and murder with bad preachers,mean cops and a very good lawyer that takes place in rural Tennessee , a story where you will laugh and cry and you will really enjoy without any ugly profanity.
 I stumbled onto the Joe Dillard books looking for a new author.  I read number 6 first, then went back and started here.  Love the characters, love the story, kept me hooked til it was finished.  Write faster, Scott!  I'll be ready for #7 soon!
 Nicely developed legal novel, with enough twists to keep you guessing.  This book depicts a hard working attorney who tries to do the right thing by his clients, yet not skirt the law (of all things- lol).  I enjoyed this book, and look forward to reading another by the author.
 I have read four of the Dillard Series and cannot understand why at least one of these books has not been made into a movie!  The characters are believable, the plots are exciting and the reader is left eager to begin reading another book of the series!
 Scott Pratt's, An Innocent Client, is a real page turner!  Dollars birthday wish comes true, he finally gets his innocent client...just not how you'd expect!  Highly recommended...Can't wait to read the next Joe Dillard novel.
 This was quite an excellent read! If u like legal dramas, Pratt is the way to go. Dillard is a great character well rounded.  This is the first novel  I've read from Pratt and I am going on to #2! I highly recommend reading this novel because once u start u won't stop!
 Actually, I was very disappointed because I don't like to read a story where the most interesting part was at the very last chapter. It just kept me wondering too long who done it. It was slow reading for me.
 As an ex/marine myself who served in Vietnam war, this book was too boring to continue reading after about 100 pages.  The writer missed the background information of the war: how US got involved, how many in each service units, operation formats, the rule of engagement, all these information was totally missed. It would have helped non military readers to understand better of the war.
 Usually I avoid lawyer type books but this one hooked me<br/>from the beginning.  The characters are well developed and believable, the plot is entrancing, and the finale is super-! What more can you ask for????  A series that I would like to continue!!
 I read An Innocent Client at a pretty fast pace. I got into the Joe Dillard character rather quickly and really liked him. As a burned out criminal defense lawyer who is fighting a lot of demons, he made me empathize. Having a drug addict sister is something real world people can identify with as well. By the end of the book I could not wait to get the second and then the third. Just bought the rest of the series, I guess I'm binging Joe Dillard.  I'm looking forward to seeing where the character goes. If you are a Grisham fan, the writing is similar.
 I love any mystery about legal issues.  I have read all of the Grisham books and loved them all.  Mr Pratt also happens to write about Tennessee.  It makes the story a lot more interesting when you know where it is centered.  I can see myself purchasing and reading all of the Dillard series this summer.  Fun in the sun with a great book!
 This was a good suspense novel that had me from the first chapter. The author is able to draw the reader in, hook them with relatable characters, and keep the action coming through the whole story. I look forward to more from this author.
 Although not particularly well written, being somewhat repetitive and drawn out, it is nonetheless quite gripping and I found myself unusually eager to pick it up once I had put it down. The format is interesting as it is a mixture - some of it is in the first person and some in the third person so one gets a variation in the way of looking at the same events. The person of the hero. Dillard , is revealed gradually rather than being prescribed in detail and that is refreshing. There are twists in the plot that satisfy and the insight into the extraordinary American legal system is intriguing.
 A plausible, interesting story that  makes you want to keep reading! Well-crafted by someone who appears familiar with the realities and practice of criminal law, the thought processes of lawyers and elected judges, and prosecutorial politics.
 The lawyer is a little country and a little rock and roll. Joe Dillard takes a Smokey Mountain strip club and some various mountain folk and spins a tale of incest, money, fast cars, and dirty women. The court room drama is lacking but made up with twists and turns in a great plot.
 Pratt is a good story teller. He takes the reader a time two to the precipice, seems to reveal "what really happened" and then snags you back and says, "well, maybe it actually happened THIS way. I'll look firsts to reading thus authors books more often.
 I really enjoyed the writing, the pace, the characters and the believability. He is terrific at bringing up cases that make you wish they were an entire book as well.<br/>Great read.
 Humour, crime and cunning.  Some really good and unexpected twists in this story which made me laugh out loud.  Yes, there are signs of the seamier side of life but the book still had a 'feel good' sort of ending.  I look forward to seeing more!
 Easy to read, fast moving story. Kept my interest, very clever courtroom mystery. Joe Dillard is very likable &amp; a sympathetic character. Could do with less sexual innuendo towards women by just about all of the male characters; became boring. Otherwise well worth a read if you like this genre!
 An easy to read legal mystery with some romance and humor. The plot is very clever and held my interest from cover to cover. The characters are interesting and colorful. Super ending.
 Scott Pratt is off to a great start with this series.  Joe Dillard is an interesting character, and a pretty good lawyer.  His clients are somewhat odd, but it makes for some interesting story-telling.  I'm ready to read about the next Dillard set of of legal adventures.
 A new read for me. Right up there with, Grisham, Patterson and Connelly.<br/>I started with Joe Dlillard (1) am now on (3) Each one better than the last. Glad I found him.<br/>Pratt will keep you guessing right to the end. Read them in order lots of references to prior<br/>books.
 I don't generally read crime novels with lots of courtroom mumbo jumbo, but I really enjoyed this book. There were lots of twists and turns, a couple of entertaining but irrelevant side stories, and it totally kept me guessing. I would definitely read more from this author
 It was a great start for a series! I really enjoyed this book, and was so happy to find a new series to read. Great story, great characters, great pacing, etc...I found myself skimming through some of the pages in the last few John Grisham novels, so Scott Pratt was a great find for me!
 Fantastic book - as are all of the books by Scott Pratt.  I bought the first and immediately bought all of the rest.  Every book is a fantastic read -- gripping, well written, timely, well researched attention grabbers.  The characters are well defined and relatable.  Scott Pratt is a wonderful author and I hope he continues to be a prolific writer. I will buy everything he writes as soon as it is available.  Suggestion:  Buy the sets as they are less expensive than individually.
 I purchased this not knowing the author.  I was pleasantly surprised.  Entertaining, has a few twists and turns then bang - he gets what he's hoping for, but not the way he hoped for it.  Don't want to give away the ending.
 Poor Joe Dilliard.  Throughthe Joe Dillard series, he has clients that are often guilty and still he has to defend them.  He also finally gets someone to pay well to defend this innocent young girl.  He does a good job of defending her.  Another well told story.
 I really liked this book, but In Good Faith is even better.  More intrigue and a good mystery.  You don't have to get half way through the book before things begin to happen.  I have found a new author.  Good read.  Kept my attention and I couldn't put the book down! Can't wait to read the 3rd book!
 This is my first Scott Pratt book. I enjoyed reading about the exploits of attorney, Joe Dillard.  What I really enjoyed were the unexpected twists and turns in the last few chapters of the novel. Look  forward to reading more in this series.
 I liked this book! It was very well-written, and had many interesting story twists.<br/>Some reviewers have been picky on story facts not being exact. I enjoyed the characters and their imperfections.<br/>Read it.
 I loved this book--it reminds me of the early (and better) Grisham novels. Lots of action, humor, plot twists, and colorful characters. Even better that it is set in my hometown of a Johnson City TN. I see that it is the first of a series, so I plan to keep reading.
 This book was spellbinding, I honestly could not put it down. The characters were very believable and the plot moved quickly. This author knows his legal system and incorporates it wonderfully. Don't pass this one by, I am on to his next one.
 This series of books is really poor.  The stories are full of cliches and stereotypes:  drug lords are Mexicans, drug users are generally poor male African Americans, women are prostitutes with big breasts, the "hero" finds fault with all law enforcement officials and all elected officials. the hero is the only character that is painted as a "good guy", insufferably so. He has plenty of flaws, not the least of which is his arrogance!  Even his wife, daughter and sister become subjects of his distain. Generally the characters are little more than cardboard display. I'm really sorry I wasted even the $3 each for the titles,trusting some of the early reviews. I hope the author keeps his day job, and I hope he has more regard for others in his profession in his real life than he demonstrates in his novels.<br/>I gave him two stars for effort over five books....which never got better.
 Wow!  Talk about twists and turns!  I loved this book!  Just when you think you had it figured out, something else comes up that changes everything!  Great detail and very believable characters.  I'm looking forward to reading more books by this author!
 I enjoyed this book a lot.  The plot was great, and well thought out.  The ending was great and I got a little chuckle from it.  I would definately read more about Joe Dillard, a thoughly likable character.  Kept my attention throughout.  Had a great price too!
 This is my first book from this author.  What a great surprise as it was an incredible read.  It was realistic and brought the characters to life.  It was filled with twists and unexpected turns.  I was engaged throughout and could not put the book down.
 Not a bad novel.  Very entertaining.  The legal maneuvere was OK.  The author was trying to write in the style of John Grisham.  Not bad for trying.  The plot is not too original, but good enough for non-discriminating readers like me.
 I don't usually read this genre of books, but my wife told me I needed to give this series a try. Man I'm glad I did. At first the beginning seemed kind of slow, but the more I read, the more I realized I couldn't stop. This book is the beginning of a great series that makes you want to be apart of the characters lives. The only bad thing about the book is when it's over.
 I really enjoyed this book.  I like the fact that I can get the narrated version as well.  I listened to the book while on a walk and am then able to pick it up inside when I am ready to sit and read.  I have just finished the first three books in the series and purchased the 4th.
 Mr. Pratt offers an intriguing story of very interesting characters.  Joe Dillard is wonderful and learns about himself and has that rare ability in lawyers to learn from their clients.  A perfect way to spend an afternoon, get a cup of coffee and enjoy!
 I can never understand why readers rate five stars for a book which is readable but not one you will remember this time next year.  It's an OK read, didn't particularly like Joe, as one minute he's decrying his profession and the next counting his bucks.  Nothing to write home about but I did finish the book, however I wouldn't purchase other books in the series.
 This is my first Scott Pratt novel and  I really enjoyed it.  The only thing I  would have  liked to see Erline go to trial.  That would have made the end a little more interesting.  Having said that I am no  going to order the next book in the series.
 I read this book in less than a day, and couldn't wait to get another book by Scott Pratt!  He keeps you interested.
 One of the best books I've read in a long time. Hope to read the rest of the series. Thoroughly enjoyed this book and its characters especially Erleen. Also, would like to thank Mr. Pratt for serving in the Air Force. Thank you very much.
 Fun read! A bit predictable in parts but unexpected turns kept it a page turner. Enjoyed the tone of the book and the language used by the characters was so vivid, I nearly didn't need the name listed by the dialogue to know who the speaker was.
 There were so many things going on in the book that I was surprised I finished it so quickly.  It's the type of book that you can take to the beach and read it in one or two sittings. I read to be entertained, and I thought this book did just that.
 As often it is the case, it fascinate me how capital punishment is a devious path to justice. As for the book I liked and was surprise by the outcome.  Joe Dillard is an attaching man. The book is well written, coherent aand well paced
 I enjoyed this book a lot.  It's one you won't want to put down.  The characters are interesting, the story just keeps building and building with a few asides to keep it interesting, and you really won't know who "did it" until the end.  I'll be waiting for more from this author.
 #1 in the series that now has 5 books...I've read them all and never get tired of the characters or the writing.  Scott Pratt manages to keep the writing fresh throughout the series.  Love these books!
 This was a great read!  I love the main character because he is a complex character who is at heart a "good" man.  He wants to do the right thing, and he is a loving, faithful husband--so refreshing!  The plot was also complex with great twists and turns.
 Really enjoyed this book. I see there are a couple of thousand great reviews so I won't bore anyone with my take--other then to say "I highly recommend this book, and author." I'll be sure to read the others in his collection. Enjoy.<br/>T
 Wow, what can I say? Grisham fans will like this book. Great story telling. Interesting characters, and a surprise ending make this one of the best books I've read in a while. I will get the next book in the series.
 I really liked this book even though the bad guys vs good guys plot was pretty obvious.  A legal thriller?  Perhaps not.  But certainly a worthwhile read for a beach or rainy day.  I liked Joe Dillard and look forward to reading more about him.
 this legal thriller was hard to put down  Nicely woven web of events confronting a conflicted attorney who hates his job and clients who are not even close to being likeable.  Looking forward to the next book in this series.
 I like courtroom drama and detectives. This book gives me a hero that could be me. The plot had some refreshing twists. Character development was solid. Thumbs up for Joe Dillard
 I made a mistake...........I read this book after reading a very well written book by Dan Brown (Inferno). The writing style was different in a bad way. It felt like he was trying to bore the reader into submission. For me this really dragged and at no time was I held in suspense or really intrigued.<br/>However, it was offered free so for that it gets an extra star.
 If you like legal thrillers, you'll love this book. Compelling story, interesting characters, and relentlessly forward movement. I can't wait to download the next in the series. In fact, I'm going to download it right now.
 I'm on book two. I like this guy. I read simply for entertainment. Scott Pratt does the trick. Simply said. I'm not one for long complex reviews. I plan on reading all of his books.
 This is one of those lawyer mysteries that grabs your interest almost immediately and keeps it right to the end, when the author pops the surprise on you. I particularly liked the setting of the story, East Tennessee, the rural small ton nature
 An excellent legal thriller, I can't believe this guy was never promoted and published before. He's a way ahead of many of todays legal writers. I read this first novel, then purchased everyone of the rest of the series. A+++
 The book was good. It kept me wanting more. I liked most of the people in the book. I however feel that Scott Pratt may hate black people. He wrote that a song was one of them dumb black rappers. He also seems to have a problem with people on ssi disability.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I read n two sittings bc I wanted to know what was going to happen. I really enjoyed the ending. I just ordered the second book of the series and will mist likely read the rest of the series.
 Great read  suspense, comedy, plot twist and fast moving makes this book difficult to put down. Will read all of author's books.  It is a good read and all readers should enjoy this book funny attention grabber  and mystery all in one
 I couldn't put it down! A combination of  quirky characters, twists and turns in the plot. I really liked how he went into the history of the characters but didn't drag it on. One of the best books I've read in a long time!
 Thoroughly enjoyed the story.  I'll be sure to read more of yours. Thank you for giving me great entertainment.
 As a retired lawyer, I could not help but like Joe.  But this is a great read for pretty much everyone.  No problem reading on into the night.
 I have read all of the other books in this series and finally read the first one.  As always it kept me interested from first page to last.  Twists and turns abound and kept me wondering whodunit.  I hope there are Joe Dillard books to come.
 Another free read from Amazon.  I was so fearfully surprised that the book did not lag for a moment.  The action was fluent and the characters very realistic.  Fantastic to read the next Joe Dillard.....
 I found this book for free on Book Bub and absolutely loved it.  I laughed and cried right along with the writer.  I didn't want to put it down.  I immediately bought another book in the series.  The area was so aptly described and necessary to get the feel of the characters.
 This is a well done pleasant book with a great ending. Nothing spectacular here - it's just your normal book. Oh, it's easy to read with some really likeable characters.
 I really really enjoyed this book light reading great characters. I found the character of Joe to be charming sexy bright intelligent had me a little crush going there for a while.i'm onto the second book in good faith and I'm looking very forward to it good night
 I enjoyed this book more than I expected.  The story line is good, and kept me guessing.  I really did not expect the ending.  I would like to read the rest of the series as the come out.
 Excellent book! Captured my attention from the beginning, fantastic writing style, great story line! Exactly what I look for in a book! Picked it randomly and was most pleasantly surprised! Will definitely be reading more of this author!
 I am actually giving it 2 1/2 stars. It is an okay book but not anything special. I actually liked the clients better than the lawyer.
 This is a humorous who-done-it when the body of a "very pale dead whale, sans penis" is found. It's told in the style of a diary - A Day in the Life of an attorney.  Well told, very enjoyable story.  I'll be ordering more books by this author!
 Right from the start this book I was caught.  Even when I knew what the trial outcome would be I was captivated. I could not wait to watch it unfold. I will definitely be reading more of the Joe Dillard stories!
 Excellent read. It's refreshing that the hero is not super human and the plot is believable. If Scott Pratt can continue this style, he will be up there with the best of the suspense authors.
 filled with fast moving pace. Tell of trails of a lawyer who has to defend guilty clients. Is one of several books on Joe Dillard the lawyer, that I have read and enjoyed them all. Lots of twists and turns. Keeps your interst..
 Every character in this book is a stereotype. Law enforcement - all bad guys. DA - incompetent bad guy. Our hero - knight in shining armor.  etc, etc, etc.  Halfway through I realized I didn't care how it came out so I quit reading it. Don't waste your time or money.
 Keeps the reader guessing constantly. More twists and turns than an Arkansas mountain highway. Very good plot and subplot used skillfully throughout the book.
 This is the first book in the Joe Dillard series and I truly enjoyed it.  Keeps you guessing. I like that it is kind of spiritual and heartwarming while other parts are kind of gory.  Makes me laugh and cry.
 Such a good, fantastic, writer.  I felt part of the story, and trying to help him solve the crimes.  Very few books have kept my interest and made me feel what was happening in the drama.  Thanks and hope for more Joe Dillard mysteries.
 Reads like a modern day Perry mason without Paul Drake or Della Street.  I've purchased all the Joe Dillard Series and the majority are really good reads if you like lawyer type stories.  Scott Pratt gives a realistic feel in his writing about what a lawyer probably goes through during and prior to trial.
 I love mysteries, but often find that poor writing spoils read. Not the case with this book!  The book is well-written and has a storyline  that kept me reading.  I'll definitely look for more books by Scott Pratt.
 This was a very interesting plot! I learned how an attorney could apply different changes in court. There were times in this story that made me teary eyed. I hope to read more stories from Scott Pratt that are as just powerful.
 This book is as good as any Grisham legal novel.  As a recovering attorney myself, the author really included some great "insider" tidbits.  I am looking forward to reading his 2nd book in the series.
 I rarely give a book five stars, but in this case there just was nothing that would take away from a perfect score.  This was a wonderful story and the characters were developed well.  I loved this book.
 Good book. Didn't want to put it down. Great story and characters. Very believable story.  I will be reading the rest of these books.
 Very interesting story.  Character descriptions built an unmistakable picture.  The story itself was quite interesting.  Scott gave several perspectives as the story was written, making it that much easier to relate.
 I loved this book. I really enjoyed it and didn't want to put it down. It had a few twist and it just keeps you guessing and wanting to know what's going to happen next. I recommend this to anyone who loves likes reading about solving a crime.
 I would recommend this book to anyone who likes legal thrillers. I felt compassion for this attorney who would like to have at least one innocent client.
 Great characters with rich human stories, all set in a strong legal plot that has unsuspected twists and turns as it gets stronger by the page -- until it builds to an ending that is thrilling, satisfying, and brilliant fun.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this fast paced novel; reading it in one sitting. Yes, it was really that good!  It reminded me of parts of "The Prince of Tides" along with the southern story telling that Grisham is famous for giving us.  Thank you Scott Pratt for an entertaining and heartfelt read of how it is in the south.  Looking forward to any more of your novels
 Really good book with an interesting plot. Will definitely read the rest of the series. If you enjoy Grisham, you will enjoy Pratt.
 I really enjoyed this book. Engaging, interesting, and a great story. It was very "John Grisham-like"... a few twists and turns, made it a fun read.
 Wow! I'm hooked! I'm an avid reader of these types of novels and I rank this one up with the Harry Bosch novels!!
 I read the Justice for All - no. 3 in the series first and decided I have to start with the first one.  It was a great first book but not as good as no. 3 - I intend to read all of Scott Pratt's novels.
 Many twists and turns leaving the reader to try and guess what will happen next after forming possible conclusions.  Then the author takes a new road with a different ending.  A fun read!!
 A legal novel that does not completely immerse the reader with legalese, but has enough to engage the interest of those who like that part.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book and would recommend it to others.
 As an attorney myself I loved the "TRUTH and justice" exposed somewhat and the many twists and turns..the characters were fresh and real. Although I was an assistant district attorney for.almost 4 years, my practice was primarily family law -- divorces, adoptions, estates/probate.  But the writing was so well done and the plot so exciting, I just finished reading it at 3:34 a.m.  am looking forward to reading the other Joe Dillard.books.
 I loved the writing.  Made you feel a part of his story.  Kept me interested all the way through.  Characters were created in a way that the reader could envision them and relate.  Good ending too.
 This is the first in the Joe Dillard series and I'm certainly going to read more. Very well written, Scott Pratt does a good job.
 Finding a good new author is hard to do. Luckily I found this one. Very well written and enjoyable. I liked Joe Dillard and his ethics and back story a lot. I'd recommend this book to anyone. Now I'm buying all his other books.
 Well developed plot which became intense and engrossing.  Dillard is believable and  sympathetic. I'm anticipating reading more books in this series.
 This was a well-written book with a great story line.<br/>I enjoyed it immensely and looked for the other books in this series in our local library to no avail.<br/>I did locate the third book in the series available on Kindle and I look forward eagerly to reading the other three as well..
 I could not put it down! What a smart, well written novel! The analysis of characters is good and realistic, you really identify with the protagonist. Lots of twists and turns, very exciting!<br/>My husband is reading it now!
 Although I liked Scott's other stories better and I think he shouldn't have to tell the story about Sarah and Joe Dillard incident over and over in each book (just read in sequence), it was still another decent story.
 Loved this novel as much as any that Scott Pratt has written in the Joe Dillard Series. Pratt is a great author and one of my favorites. Hoping he will write more, I would recommend this series to anyone loving mystery and thrillers.
 This was the first book I read by Scott Pratt.  I've now read the Joe Dillard Series (all 5) and the stories and the writing keep getting better, so start here and enjoy reading all of them.
 An Innocent was my first my Scott Pratt. I have been searching for a new writer and a new Series. I am very pleased and will be reading all the books in this series. Thankful I have found another writer.
 Wow it makes one wonder if this is what goes on in peoples lives. Joe seemed like such a wonderful  person and lawyer. The book made me feel like I was  there, very good writing..
 The hype was if you like Grisham... This book was up to the hype.  Multiple cases at the same time, very fast paced, and detailed.  Great characters.  Totally enjoyable.  I will read more in this series.
 I really enjoyed this book. I read it pretty quickly since i wasn't lost or bored with the story line. I am looking forward to starting the next book in this series as soon as i submit this review. :)
 I love this author...I read about 5 books a week so as you can imagine i have a really hard time finding authors i enjoy...I am so glad to have found this one . The Joe Dillard series is great..there isn't a lot of filler, the books are pretty straight forward, the read very fast and very well. By the third book I realized there weren't going to be any surprises, things always work out for him by the end...but that is ok..Joe Dillard reminds me alot of Jack Reacher in the Lee Childs series..a really good guy who tries to do the right thing but sometimes has to knock a few heads.
 This was a good book. Mr. Pratt wove an interesting story with unexpected plot twists and turns. His characters were well developed and quite believable. I enjoyed this book and look forward to reading the next two in this trilogy.
 I liked this read , however I do think Joe spent too much time feeling that everyone he was working with, either had a grudge or didn't like him. He is a defence lawyer, he chose that profession, I believe for the money mainly, so quit complaining and do your job.I will buy the next book in the series to see if some of this attitude changes, as the story itself was very good.
 THIS WAS A PAGE TURNER, AND VERY EXCITING.  I RELATED TO THE CHARACTERS, ENJOYED THE FAMILY VALUES WAS HAPPY THAT MAIN CHARACTER HAS A LOVING, BEST FRIEND FOR HIS WIFE...THOROUGHLY ENJOYED HOW THIS STORY ENDED...YOU WILL LOVE READING THIS BOOK
 I really liked this book and I was kept hanging trying to imagine how it would end.  Very believable,colorful  characters.
 I cannot believe how every book of Scott Pratt's (up to #5), is a page turner!  It makes you not only want to see what happens in the next chapter, but also the next book!  Sure hope Joe Dillard finds more stuff to get into!!!!!!!
 The storyline was realistic, though it started out as so many of this genre did.  I thought I had the plot worked out, but it did surprise me. Will plan on purchasing further Dillard Series books.
 I have found a new "favorite author".  Pratt is equal to Grisham in my mind.  His characters, as well as the setting, are all very real.  I felt I was there.  Anyone who loves a good mystery will find his stories fascinating.  He brings the reader into his world and keeps them there.  I have finished #2 of the Joe Dillard Series and intend to order #3.  I can't get enough of his intrigue and the fascinating way he solves crimes.  Keep them coming Scott.
 This book was awesome!  Scott Pratt is a spectacular writer and I can't wait for his next . Book.  Thankfully I've still got a few to read before the current set is finished.  My poor husband has read them all so he will have to wait.
 recommend this book to any reader who wants to delve into a story and find the hero is an everyday person who loves his family and knows what is important.  will keep to read again someday!
 My first time reading a Scott Pratt book.  He writes in the manner of Grisham, but with a more earthy bent.  I enjoyed it so much I have ordered five more of his books.  Love to find an author new to me that I like.
 Extremely well written..well thought out<br/>...<br/>C<br/><br/>Can't put down at all ...grabs your soul. abs you're s<br/>I Will spread the word to everybody I know and all I meet...
 Excellent writing. Vivid description of characters without going overboard. Wonderful story of an attorney and his life, both personally and professionally. Will certainly read this entire series. Very true to life content....I mean, Joe and his family could be someone living in my neighborhood. Very believable.
 A truly enjoyable read.  In his writing, Mr. Pratt chooses the route often less taken by authors of the same genre.  He educates his audience in terms of the legal system.  Being a fan of legal mysteries and "whodunnits", that is of utmost importance to me.  I want my attention to be held captive, while walking away knowing more than when I first opened the book.  Well done, Mr. Pratt.  You have a new fan. I'm off to investigate your other publications. :).  A sincere thank you for your hard work.
 Although I often wondered about Dillard's decisions regarding what cases to take, I can't deny his ultimate wisdom. His torment with his personal demons were intriguing, and the book is equally so. It's an excellent read in a crowded genre. Well done!
 Finally an author who writes a good novel along the lines of the great mystery writers, AND, doesn't equate the price of an e-book the same as a hardback. Have read all 6 in the Joe Dillard series, and am looking for more from this author.<br/>Wish other authors would realize they make just as much or more by selling e-books at a reasonable price, here! Tired of getting ripped off by iTunes, who keep the price high so Apple makes more!
 A sympathetic protagonist, a courtroom trial, well established characters, and a runaway plot made this novel an enjoyable read. Go for it, and do not skip ahead to the surprise ending.
 I enjoyed both the story and the style of writing in this book and will seek out his other books as they become available.  For a free kindle download, this was a winner!  I recommend it highly.
 I really enjoyed this first book in the Joe Dillard series.  I grew up in northeast Tennessee and think Scott Pratt captured the personality of the region almost perfectly.  I had a clear picture of the mountain terrain, lakes and courtrooms as I read.  I just purchased the second book in that series and look forward to another delightful read.
 I really enjoyed this novel.  Interesting clients.  Interesting case.  Not too bad for a first novel. Will let see when I read the next one if he continues Joe's adventures.
 Wow! A great mystery..about the time you think you have it figured out..you read to the end..Not even close..a Great<br/>Read...lots of zigs &amp; zags of human behavior.
 There does not seem to be any innocent clients for Joe Dillard  and he he deal with his professional choices makes this novel interesting. Enjoyable read.
 One of my all-time favorite books! I had a hard time putting this book down. There were no dull parts. Many turns and twists in the plot. I look forward to reading a lot more Scott Pratt books.
 I really enjoyed this book.<br/>Mr. Pratt did a great job in building the characters and story line. I liked how it all came together.<br/>I am looking forward to my next book by Scott Pratt.
 I have finished all the Joe Dillard books. They are all great. Scott Pratt is a great author. If you are looking to read some good books just start with this one and you will be hooked . Thumbs up to all his books.
 I quite enjoyed this book.  It was well written and kept my interest until the end which is more than I can say for a lot of other books I have ordered lately.  I would recommend this book.  Well done.
 This one tends to ramble off on tangents every now and then - but it's a good yarn that will get you in and reveal an insight into the vagaries of American jurisprudence.<br/>Recommended!
 Great plot, love the Dillard family. Mr. Pratt keeps the suspense rolling with twists and turns. Definitely worth buying. I have four of his books to date and enjoy each one very much.
 I am not going to post on every book.  Just let me say that I read the first one and was hooked.  Read all six in two weeks and cannot wait for the next one.  Nice to find good affordable books.
 Scott Pratt did a good job of keeping you engrossed in the story. I've already started his next book. Great Book!!
 This is my first Joe Dillard book and am looking forward to reading any of the author's other books with this character. Mr Dillard's character was smart, funny, charming and yet very human. Loved him. Will be looking for his next adventure!
 I truly enjoyed this thriller.  The pace was good.  The ending was unexpected,but nice. It kept me interested to the end.  Looking forward to reading another book by this author.
 Very predictable but yet enjoyable.  Very likable characters.  Will very likely read more of his books.  Some good incite how our legal systems works.
 I searched the reviews to see if any other readers picked up on a pretty serious oversight in the book.  There was at least one other one who did.  When the defendant is describing the rape to Joe Dillard she says the reverend took his clothes off before he raped her and then he took them off again after he drank the drugged alcohol. I assumed she was lying and either wasn't the murderer or the events weren't as she described.  I kept reading to find out 1. when Joe would realize she was lying and 2. to find out what really happened.  How disappointing to find out this wasn't a plot twist but just an oversight by the author.
 Fast paced, clever page turner.  I'll be moving on to book2. My only reservation is that the bad guys were just too thoroughly bad.  Still, I gave it 4 stars for its entertainment value and believe able main character, a trial attorney whose personality, background and relationships are more satisfyingly fleshed out.
 This is the first book in a long time that I couldn't put down.  The author reminds me of John Grishman,  Living in Tennessee, it is nice to see the state as a center of a really good book.  I would highly recommend it to anyone!
 I have never read any of this author books before. This as an interesting book all about lawyers their clients, about whether they were innocent or not, and how they handled each case.
 My first Scott Pratt book, absolutely loved it! Perfectly paced, extremely well written,an all around great read. Can't wait to read more books by this Author. On to book 2!
 I liked the book because from the beginning I thought Angle was innocent. I really thought Erlene was the one who did it. It show the true story of cops and Lawyers. Some are bad some are good. I felt sorry for Dillard and what he had to go through. Very good writing.
 A much more difficult book. It was a good book.  Thought-provoking, at least for me.  It creates a moral dilemma that has different solutions in today's world and all of them bad.  It is a difficult book.
 An innocent client was the first book authored by Scott Pratt that I have read and it definitely will not be the last.  The Joe Dillard series promises to be a very good read if the remaining books are as good as his first.
 A fast moving murder mystery which at times left you wondering...is anyone totally innocent. Loved the characters especially Joe. There was something endearingly innocent about him. Great read.
 Loved it!  I am a huge Grisham fan and found this to be as great a legal thriller as Grisham's. I will definitely be reading more of Scott Pratt's books. Read it - you won't be disappointed!
 I am reading the series of books by this author.  I like mysteries with smart attorneys.  The characters and plot get a little complex at times.  But, I am thoroughly enjoying this series.
 Writer really touches on our justice system and combines it with interesting personalities and difficulties in being a defense attorney when you know the person is guilty.
 Beautifully written, intruiging and kept my attention to the last page.  Will definitely read the rest of the Joe Dillard series
 An Innocent Client is Pratt at his best. The story moves quickly, is interesting, gives a good account of the law, and is totally satisfying. I highly recommend all of his Joe Dillard books.
 Scott Pratt joins Mark Gimenez among my new favorite authors. Great character development, nice twist and turns in the plot, good descriptions of northeast Tennessee, all in all, a great read.
 I very much enjoyed the easy and flowing style. The protagonist could be anyone we might know and enjoy knowimg: likeable, basically honest (!), conflicted with emotions and failings such as most of us have.<br/>Though a serious subject....murder always is... occasional, discreet touches of humour lend the story great vitality.
 The start is a little confusing, but overall it has you at the edge. It's twists and turns keep you reading til you get to the end.
 Scott Pratt's An Innocent Client turned out to be a real page-turner.  His books are a welcome surprise.  I ordered this one based on another of his books, In Good Faith, and was pleasantly surprised.
 What a great read!!!  I've read Series 1 thru 5.....Disappointed in Series 5 did not think it was near as good as the first four - But am looking forward to the next Scott Pratt book!
 I just finished this book and was so pleased. It is a really good mystery, well written and am anxious to start the next in the series. I believe this was his first book and he did a super job.
 I love a story that moves fast and this one does.  It's different in many surprising ways.  Loved the characters  Will read all the series now.  I give it five stars.
 Very nice beginning to what promises to be a good series.  Believable characters and plot.  Nice twists.  Looking forward to future stories surrounding the central character.
 This was a pretty good story. It could have used a bit more editing, but on the whole, that was not distracting. I look forward to reading more of the Joe Dillard series.
 Joe Dillard is a great character and Pratt's writing skills are top-notch.  If you took any of Grisham's best and made them a little smaller in scope, Pratt is what you'd get.  I will read every one in this series.
 I truly enjoyed this book.  Quick, enjoyable entertaining read.  Easy plot to follow yet with enough twists and turns to keep the pages turning.  I look forward to reading the rest of the series.
 ended to abruptly
 Nice change from deep techie and legal jargon. Enjoyable book that kept me intrigued but not obsessed. Looking forward to reading the next books in the series.
 I read a lot of legal thrillers from the likes of John Grisham, Greg Iles, Scott Turow, etc.,and this author is every bit as good.  I don't understand why his name is not as well known as those authors.  His main character is not perfect, but he certainly comes across as human, and totally believable.  The dialogue is real, which is a big deal to me.  The story line is good, and it's not predictable.  Very enjoyable reading.  I'll read all his books I can find.
 Scott Pratt ranks as good as Grishom, Baldacci, and Patterson--he should get more national recognition--have read all the Joe Dillard series!! This guy should be a NY Times Best seller!!
 book one was good, book two was ok, book 3 was so so, i am reading book 4, so far so good. but he is got to do something about dillard's<br/>sister sarah. maybe she can move with her new found father
 great book -- plot is well developed -- characters are believable -- in my opinion, easily on a par with grisham, martini and lescroat --<br/>if you like great lawyer books -- you will enjoy scott pratt
 Who in the world would consider a criminal client innocent? Certainly not me. What an interesting theory!  Exciting, scary and happy in various settings.
 I had never read Scott Pratt before this book. I must confess it was a free download for my kindle. I am so glad I read it. It  was well written, believable, serious and funny. I liked the characters and will gladly pay for the next book from Scott Pratt.
 An unusual story with a twist in the tail. I will certainly read some more of the books by Scott Pratt. Some real "good " bad characters in the story .
 Book was very well written. At no point was I really bored. Events happened logically, and made sense.  Characters seemed real. A smidgen exaggerated at times, but still ok. Would recommend to others.
 A well written story though some times Green Understood the way of life in the America  at that period and the lust s of the Bigwigs The system of selection of prosecuting  staff and Defence Lawyers is very intriguing  unlike in India where I live.<br/>However the  novel went smoothly and easy to read and very fast moving
 I never heard of Scott Pratt before but I went on to order his next book in the series of Joe the lawyer on the prowl for a fee. And I appreciate the 99 cent Kindle cost.
 The book had a good premise and the protagonist was appealing.  The writer spun the tale well.  It was a pleasant book to pass time with and I'll look for other Joe Dillard books.
 My first book by Pratt! Really enjoyed reading it, liked the character Joe Dillard. Like the fact he gets right to the story line doesn't waste my time with descriptions  of clothes and scenery.  No fowl language, refreshing!  Looking forward to more of the Joe Dillard series.
 Too many twists to remember.  All too good.  Follows the story with Very funny lines.  Makes you laugh as you feel real sympathy for the characters.  Loved every minute.  Will read more of his books
 I bought it because it was cheap and a legal mystery.  I was pleasantly surprised that it was interesting and engaging.  It was a quick read, but passed the time on a long flight.
 This novel was a great read, full of twist and turns. Just when you think you know who's guilty it all changes. The writer did a great job to get me hooked on the novel from the beginning, I can't wait to read the next Joe Dillard novel....
 What a fun read. I came upon this author accidentally (on purpose I do believe) and what a great story teller. I am hooked. Off to read Series 2!!!
 I had not heard of this author but love John Grisham books and the Lincoln Lawyer series so gave it a try.  And, it was enjoyable.  An easy read, interesting characters, flows along well.  Despite the fact that it may seem simplistic in parts it kept you engaged the entire read and had a great twist of an ending.  A great summer or, anytime read so,  all in all, I say give it a try and you just might be surprised too!
 This first book got me hooked and read the three additional books in this series as well. Fast moving, lots of surprise turns.
 Book kept my attention until the last page.  We written, hard to put down, characters came alive and just had to find out what happened with each of them.  If you like court room drama and a good mystery you will like this book.
 This is the first book I've read by this author and I will definitely be looking for more! Great story, compelling characters, each layer done just right. Highly recommended!
 Just bought scott Pratt first 4books<br/>Enjoyed an innocent man<br/>Well written and not unlike Greshams earlier books<br/>Joe Dillard is a believable character and his cynical views on the legal system ring true<br/>Worth a read
 First read of the author.  Great story that when you think you figured it out, surprise,it changes.  The characters were new and interesting, and Joe Dillard is terrific.  Starting Book 2 shortly.
 Scott Pratt has a clever mind when it comes to a great legal thriller.  I look forward to reading the other Joe Dillard series.
 I'm sorry to have to say this: it tries to be an exciting book but turns out to be an amateurish folly. At least the low price was right. I hope his later books show improvement.
 This was the first time I had read a book by Scott Pratt and I enjoyed the excitement of the story. I thought it was very easy to read and very hard to put down.
 Look forward to reading more of the Joe Dillard series.  Well written, with lots of twists and turns.  I like his style of of character development.
 I have read several of Scott Pratt's books and I enjoyed them.  I like his straight forward style and the way he presents his characters who are like humans... not all" good or bad".
 I didn't think I was going to like this book, but I must say Joe shocked me, something made me keep reading and I am so glad I did!  Thank you Joe for all the issues you brought up and handled with painful honesty..
 This is the second book by Scott Pratt I have read. He sure can put a twist on a story. He makes me feel like I am a fly on the wall. Truly a good writer by my definition.
 I really enjoyed this book.  Joe comes across as someone who really loves his family and wants to see justice served.  I'm looking forward to reading the next books in this series since I purchased them right after I finished "An Innocent Client".  This book really is that good.  :)
 Interesting read.  I am always looking for new authors and this character was grounded and the story was excellent. I will definitely read this author again!
 A fellow avid reader of mysteries recommended the books to me.  I took them on vacation with me in my Kindle and was caught up in the mysteries the entire two weeks of my.  I am perusing the list of Mr. Pratt's books for a continuation of reading delight. Mary D, IL
 Joe was so much like a lot of real people.  He did what he needed to do to make a lot of money even when he knew he was doing wrong. Scott Pratt was good at making Joe look good in the end by telling us what the other people where really like in there life. And the preacher and uncle did need killing I suppose but I think I'd leave that up to God. Maybe Joe's mother kept him from knowing there is a God,
 Scott Pratt has become my favorite author....this book kept me in suspense until the end....have read the next one in the Joe Dillard series and it's just as good as the first one....plan on reading the third and the fourth of that same series........recommend it highly........
 Very Interesting.  We often hear of these things happening - this writer made us feel it all the way through the book.  We got to know the characters and all their problems.  I like Scott Pratt.
 This is a very good story and is well written.  I liked it very much and it kept my interest to the very end.  It is one of those books that you don't want to put down.
 Being from Tennessee made this book even more interesting to me.  Pratt makes his characters come to life and you feel you have met them all somewhere sometime.  I would definitely recommend.
 This book had many twists and turns a to the plot. It held my .interest throughout the story.  The  . Many characters and thier many  escapades were interesting.
 I am an avid reader of books about lawyers.  This was exceptional and had a John Grisham twist ending.  I will certainly read more of this author's books.
 A smooth, quick read. I was able to see some things coming but there was that one last twist at the end.<br/><br/>Not a lot of distracting formatting errors, either.
 First book I have read by this author and enjoyed it.  Early on was fairly certain who was not innocent; but, the twist on the guilty person was clever.
 Some of the pages didn't mesh.  Especially<br/>Towards the end  of book.  A page would have a comma at the end and the next page would start with a whole new sentence unrelated to prior page…
 I stumbled upon Scott Pratt through a website advertising books at low costs by a variety of authors.  This first book in the series appealed to me for my husband to read since he likes legal thrillers.  I downloaded it on his kindle and did the same for mine.  We both loved the books and quickly read all six in the series.<br/><br/>If you like John Grisham's legal thrillers, you'll like this author and the main character, Joe Dillard.<br/><br/>Keep the books coming, Scott!
 My first Joe Dillard's book and it was great! Although I am not a lawyer, I understood everything, which is always nice... Loved the plot and the characters, a must read thriller!
 I really loved this book. Could not put it down.<br/>There's a very interesting mix of plots and the characters are great, specially Erlene!<br/>I look forward to other Mr Pratt books. Strongly recommend!
 It was really a great story line. All the characters came to life and learned how very human they all seemed. Was a battle between right and wrong plus the gray in between-loved it!!
 I loved this book!  Great story and great characters and character development.  I really grew to love the characters through his writing, even the squirrelly ones.  Super twist at the end!
 Very well fleshed out characters. Couldn't put it down for all the twists and turns. How refreshing to get lost in the "lives" of believable characters. Well done Mr. Pratt!
 I love mysteries and have found a new character to follow.  Intriguing plot and very believable characters with depth hok me every time.  Scott Pratt must know politics and the legal system from the inside!!  I have read. The first two joe Dillard mysteries and look forward to reading the next ones.
 A fast paced outing with solid characters, both good and bad, and demonstrated the pitfalls of being an attorney, at least a defense attorney.  However, the ending was no surprise but well scripted.
 A book to keep you on your toes and always looking around the next corner. It stayed interesting and the ending was the best!
 This was a quick real because I didn't want to put it down. The main character was so likable with an exciting storyline. I can't wait to read the next in this series. As a matter of fact, I'm going to dive in right now.
 This is Scott Pratt first book and the first of his I've read. It was excellent and what a cool ending. I'm going to order his second book as soon as I finish writing this review.
 They are quick reads to help get  through the winter season, will go south next winter get out and about<br/>The who did it books are great but Connan Doyle and Agatha Christie have a good command of the English and description
 Bought by accident and it's been thr best mistake ever!! I was look for a similarly titled book by Phillip Margolin and I love his books and now I've dropped my Margolis books and and obsessed with the Joe Dillard series.<br/>Easy reads that will entertain and thrill you!
 I enjoyed reading this book! It read easily &amp; quickly, with just enough "twists" to keep me turning pages well into the night! I will read another of his books after dinner! Thanks Joe!
 Clever plot, interesting characters, well-written.  I enjoyed this book enough that when I finished it last night, I immediately got on Amazon and ordered the next 4 books in the Joe Dillard series.
 Joe Dillard is a likable character which is what kept me interested in this book. The story line was good and fast paced.<br/>Some of the story was predictable but not boring and there were some clever twists and turns to keep the reader interested.
 I really enjoyed this book and will definitely buy more of this series.  I thought it was a great story with a lot of surprises.  I really liked the main character.
 Way too many stories attached to the main character - at times this book is totally 'corny' like a B grad comedy - at times I felt embarrassed for the author.
 This was the first book I read from this writer.  The characters were well thought out and interesting.  The writer made their motivations understandable and relate-able.  Enjoyed the read from beginning to end.  I do recommend Scott Pratt's writing.
 This is the first book from the Joe Dillard Series and I found it to be accurate and easy read--it was interesting enough to make me want to try the next book by him
 Scott Pratt weaves interesting characters into a procedurally accurate legal thriller. You'll root for the underdogs and hiss at the "good guys". Perfect read while traveling.
 This books intrigued me from the first chapter. Compelling and creative!! Joe Dillard has a conscience a rarity with defense lawyers. His conscience of course conflicts with his work. He is  haunted by a child hood event that effects his life. I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys mystery, suspense and drama!!!
 Though I'm critical of most books, this one was interesting and engaging. The characters were realistic and attractive. I found the plot intriguing. I thoroughly enjoyed this book.
 Fast paced, easy read.  Adds knowledge of the law.  All in all, I enjoyed it!  Recommend to friends and others who enjoy murder mysteries with a little humor!
 Great story line of a criminal defense attorney and how dealing with guilty, not so nice people, can be very hard for an ethical and moral person.  The story is well done.
 I had read the 6 books of Joe Dillard Series, can't wait for tomorrow for the 7th!!!!! Congratulations Mr. Pratt!!!! Love your books and<br/>will miss Joe Dillard after finishing the 7th book :o(
 You would definitely read and enjoy this book. Well written and quick read. I am going to purchase Mr Pratt's next book now and continue reading.
 This was the second of the Joe Dillard series that I read and I liked it just as well as the first.  Highly recommend the Scott Pratt books as very entertaining and a good detective story.
 Found on Amazon for suspense so decided to try a new author.  Thoroughly enjoyed the characters and the build up on "who done it?".  I found it hard to put down the book and as soon I was done, I down loaded book two of the series.
 A quick, entertaining read with a very clever twist. No problems in recommending this book. It may just give you another author to follow. Nicely done Mr. Pratt, nicely done.
 Joe Dillard is a delightful character. Very well developed characters and an interesting story line. I'm looking forward to the next Joe Dillard novel.
 Before I started reading this book I did not know that the author was from my home town.  I really enjoyed all seven books in the Joe Dillard Series.  I broke my record in how fast I read all seven of these books.  You can't put them down.
 I really enjoyed this book.  It's been a long time since I've read a good legal thriller like this one.  I highly recommend "An Innocent Client".
 Plenty of action and a good story line. All major characters are developed nicely. Dillard portrayed nicely. Good job with. The. Females also.
 Exquisite description of each character,  very interesting characters all over, unexpected turns of events. Very very entertaining, I would like to read more books written by Scott Pratt.
 I could not put this book down.  I thought I had it figured out, but I was wrong.  Excellent story line, surprise ending.  Can't wait to read more books by Scott Pratt!
 All the Joe Dillard series books are well written and exciting to read .... I have read all and waiting for more.
 I like Joe Dillard, quite the detective. I plan to read the others in this series. This is a quick read and enjoyable way to relax with a great thriller novel.
 I am a huge fan of murder mysteries.  My biggest complaint is being hooked until the last chapter or two only to find out that everything is wrapped up in a pretty bow.  It is so frustrating to be hungering for a great ending only to be let down by a pedestrian ending that has no surprises or "ah ha" moments.  This book is different.  The entire book keeps you intrigued; but the ending is a complete killer!!  Kudos to Scott Pratt; I am completely hooked!!!
 I really enjoyed this book, it moved fast, enough drama, it didn't drag on unnecessarily, light romance, an easy read, enough twist and turns to add excitement, and what a surprise for a defense attorney to have "An Innocent Client".  I am looking forward to reading more of Scott Pratt's books.  I highly recommend this book, especially for those that love that courtroom excitement and drama.
 This is an exciting legal thriller that kept getting better. I fell in love with the main character who is a lawyer with a good soul. I respect the way he adores his wife of many years. The characters in the book were so well described you think you actually know them. And it's unusual to like the "bad" guys so much. I can't wait to read the next one.
 Once I got into the book found I wanted to keep reading. Will likely try this author again. It had just enough "twists" to keep one interested.
 I enjoyed this book. Joe Dillard is an interesting and likeable character. Not an edge of my seat thriller but a good solid story. I look forward to reading more in this series.
 I really really enjoyed this book. First of all, I really liked the way the author went between first and third person. It was a great way to move the book along. I liked that you felt a kind of connection to the character when he was front and center and then the watching view when it was the other characters. Kind of like real life, you know what is going on in your head, you are only watching the rest!!<br/>I have to admit, using the old "former soldier" as the main character has been done over and over, I know it gives the author a way to have the character handle physical problems that come along, that most of us could not handle. I didn't mind that. I also saw the end coming, well most of it anyway, I didn't mind that. I loved that the character loved his wife and kids, had a family, it just seemed, normal. I liked that as an adult, he was doing normal kind of soul searching, like have I made the right decisions in my life?<br/>Anyway, I laughed and I was surprised and I just really, really , liked this book. I see the author has a new one coming out in paper in June, I'm surprised they have not picked him up for a hardback yet, but I won't be surprised if that happens on his third. Again, great debut.
 Excellent; I laughed, I cried.  I thoroughly enjoyed Scott Pratt's writing and his characters. Highly recommend.  You will be left wanting more, I know I do!
 Read the Joe Dillard books out of order but that was fine I really didn't have to gave them read in order.  I really enjoyed this one right from the beginning.
 quickly got involved in this read.....showed insight in how dramatic child abuse can be and lay dormant through the years if not addressed
 This is one of the best debut novels Ive ever read.  Didnt care for the TBI agent but the book seemed very realistic.  It was a great mystery.
 Legal thriller that reminds me of reading Grisham novels, which I love. I purchased another novel from this author to read because I liked this one.
 The author gave a fresh look at how defense lawyers deal with their clients and the judicial system. Combined with a good sense of humor reading the book was great.
 Smooth, easy, fast, painless book.  Amazon wants more words to leave a 5 star review as they need to control everything.
 Very interesting story line... and the writing combination of tenses while initially confusing, worked well. Good action... impressive in that it is self-published...
 The Joe Dillard character came across as just your average Joe which I enjoyed. The characters were somewhat racey but very real. Enjoyed the twist and turns and still not sure who's guilty.
 ENJOYED THIS BOOK VERY MUCH. VIVID IN DESCRIPTION. KEPT ME TURNING PAGES AND LOKING FORWARD TO NEXT TIDBIT OF PAINTING THE PICTURE IN MY MIND.
 Along the lines of Grisham but Pratt is unique. Clean ,fast read with some real twists. The character Dillard is a good, honest husband and father.
 Reminded me a lot of John Grisham with fewer words.  I enjoyed it so much I had to try the next one in the series and so glad I did.  I definitely will be reading more of Scott Pratt.
 I came across Scott Pratt's Joe Dillard series on Kindlebuffet.com--- I started reading the 2nd book in the series because it was free!!  I was so intrigued by the characters that I bought the 1st book...I wanted to know everything about the characters. And now I am going to start reading the 2nd book....after staying up all night to see how "An Innocent Client" ended!!!  Read this series...you won't be able to put it down!
 Scott Pratt has written a very good book with all the right elements.  The end is particularly good fun. I'll happily read more of the series.
 The characters were realistic.<br/>The sadness and depth were wonderfully pieced.<br/>ordering second of series now.<br/>I sure hope the next ones are as good.
 I think the book is well written, has a lot of character description and a good amount of emotional input.  Love the characters!  And I like the style of writing.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I'm not into (what I think are) the gory details of murder.  But then again I "chose" murder mysteries  and have read I think all of the Joe Dillard series, so there you are.
 I enjoyed this book. It was a quick read and I enjoyed the author's style. There were a few holes in the story line but it was easy to overlook them.
 The plot is fun and the characters are crusty....like a classic "B"movie.  A fast, fun read.  It grows on you.
 Seldom do I not finish a book, but this one just didn't get me interested enough.
 I enjoyed the story. I could hold the characters in my mind. I wasn't disappointed that I read it to the end. These are important to me when I read a book.
 This book had so many twists and turns. I enjoyed how the writer showed the complexities associated with being a lawyer. I enjoyed reading it...a page turner with interesting characters.
 The story line is excellent, the characters are believable and the action is non-stop. The ending will catch you off guard. This is worth your time to read.
 I really enjoy this Joe Dillard Series.  Scott Pratt makes you feel you are involved with his characters.I am now reading the 5th in the series and each has a different twist.
 Raunchy. Do not need raunchy language for a good story. Did not read past third chapter because of poor language.
 A likable character you will want to follow. Set in Tennessee so you have politics, people and different lawyer issues. Nicely written. I just bought his next book.
 I really enjoyed the story and the characters in this book. Scott Pratt writes well and I was hooked right away. In fact, I look forward to reading more of his novels.
 A great first novel. I thoroughly enjoyed reading each page. Some good plot twists. All in all a very good enjoyable story.
 I read this book for the first time some years ago and it has only gotten better with this reread. The northeastern Tennessee locale is so perfectly described that I feel as if I am right there. The characters are real people and the story entirely plausible. The action and suspense grabbed me so hard that when mid-read I misplaced my paperback copy, I ordered it with one click from Amazon to continue reading only to find the paperback a few hours later. Love this author.
 I really wanted to like this story but I gave up at 3/4 of the way through. The characters were lacking depth to the extent that I never felt like I really knew them well enough to empathize with their various predicaments. Most of the time I found myself  struggling to remember who certain characters were, mainly the protagonist's children, when their names would sporadically appear.  Character development is integral to getting and keeping readers interested.<br/><br/>I enjoy reading a great deal. But it is necessary to feel engaged with the material and with this one I just wasn't.  Very disappointed. It was a great story concept, but unfortunate that it seemed so flat.
 Was riveted from the first page to see what innocent client would be like and which one. Am anxious to read more of the Joe Dillard series.
 "How to Write a Great Story". Wonderfully believable, constant movement, plot twists that rival a Slinky. What's not to like?
 So books are difficult to get thru the first few chapters, this kept my attention through out the entire book and left me wanting to hear more. Always the sign of a good writer! Will look for more books by Scoot. Pratt.
 Have read two of his books and have enjoyed both. Really like the courtroom settings and they really keep me turning the pages. Will look for Joe Dillard Series No 3.
 I was looking for something that was like John Grisham and I found these books by Scott Pratt. I am so glad I did as I have enjoyed reading 5 of them so far.
 This is the first I have read of this author and his writing style appears to be on target with one of my favorite authors, Robert Crais. The characters are real and there were several times I found myself laughing reading one chapter and in tears the next. Sensitive topic between brother and sister and the emotional roller coaster that Joe struggles with make for an excellent subplot  for the book.
 A very good read.  Good plot, believable characters, and enough home grown charm to lose sleep over.  I have to get to know this Dillard guy a little better.
 Awesome read! Best since John Grisham! Twists, turns, double backs, and skillful mystery, plus rapier wit and southern charm all mixed together for a wonderful "can't put it down" reading experience! If you love a great legal thriller you won't be disappointed!!
 I could not put it down. I took it to the doctor's office, the pick-up line at school, basically everywhere I went. Spellbinding, edge of your seat, full of surprises and human emotion so intense you could associate with and either love or hate the characters.<br/><br/>Carol in Charlotte, NC
 I enjoyed reading this book. It was a fast read and it was fun.  I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys mysteries and likes to read about the law.
 Interesting story line and lead character (Joe Dillard) is compelling.  Purchased series and now in book 2.  So far, very similar to book 1.  Will have to complete series for more in depth review.
 I am kind of disappointed with this book. There is something missing to make it exciting and or "catching". Sorry.
 I was pleasantly surprised by this book. The whole story is well thought and developed, it keeps your attention to the very end, and makes you feel good. I recommend it !
 A preacher is found murdered and the suspect is a beautiful vulnerable young women with a mystery past.  Did she do it?  A good read without too much complexity.
 The story is believable and has enough twists and turns to keep you turning the page. It also fills in all the details and does not leave you hanging.
 Excellent and now I am moving on to book  number two.<br/>This is a series that will be long remembered and Scott Pratt has gained a new fan.
 I am reviewing this book without finishing it. The writing is sophmorish at best and the characters: shallow, and one dimensional. I cannot believe the praise lavished upon this drivel by other readers. If the writer could have conceived of any more stereotypes, I am certain he would have inserted them. I certainly will not purchase any further books by Mr. Pratt.
 This is the first I've been hooked on a series!  I've read the first 3 books in the series back to back and look forward to the remaining 4 books in the Joe Dillard Series!  Thank you, Mr. Pratt, for the great and relatable characters, realistic and believable stories, and the excellent suspense!
 Scott Pratt can't do anything wrong for me. I love, love, love Joe Dillard, an ethical attorney (is that an oxymoron?) and human being. The story line is woven well, keeping the reader 's interest. I am looking forward to completing the series and hope that Scott has more Joe Dillard adventures coming.
 A great crime drama with lots of twists and turns. The end is definitely a surprise. I enjoyed it very much
 Enjoyable, easy to read, entertaining piece of writing. If you want to spend a couple hours with a good book you won't be disappointed. Looking forward to reading #2.
 I'll be reading the rest of Mr. Pratt's books.  He tells an interesting, believable story and doesn't have to rely on excessive sex or bad language to do so. Definitely worth the price of admission.
 Good<br/> book with am interesting twist at the end enjoyed it very much. An Innocent Client is the first book I read by Scott Pratt but not the last.
 Excellent legal thriller .  Good page turner.  Dillard is a hero with many flaws but wins in the end..<br/><br/>Highly recommended.
 I suspect Mr. Pratt will have a very successful writing career. I really enjoyed it. Will get his other books and read any others he writes.
 Scott Pratt, tells a good story. ENJOYED the characters and will probably read book no. 2. I wish more lawyers could be like Joe Dillard.
 Scott Pratt's book, An Innocent Client, kept me reading into the night. You get wrapped up in his characters and wish the best for Joe's client. Trust me, you'll want to read more about Joe Dillard!
 This is one of those complicated intriguing stories that dismises charges  Later more charges come about. An in and out of court interesting story. I liked it.
 This is the first in the series, and I am certainly going to charge ahead and read more of the series.  I like the way the author works the plot and keeps the reader thinking.
 Came as a recommendation....well done with believable setting and interesting characters.  Great plot.  Can't wait for more.  Well continue series.
 Plenty of twists and turns, fast moving story, skilled writing, fleshed out characters, and a sympathetic hero. All up this was a wonderful surprise!
 This book was fun form the beginning.  It had many twist and turns.  Great ending.  I would recommend this to anyone  who enjoys a good legal novel.
 Enjoyable. Hard to put down. Nicely written with a believable story line. If you like courtroom drama, you will appreciate this one.
 I really enjoyed this book. The writing was very good; the plot interesting and the twists and turns were brilliant. I'm looking forward to Scott's next book.
 Well plotted, characters are well portrayed, really well written.  I'm very picky, and I truly can recommend this book.  I just purchased the next book in the series.
 This book has everything you want in a mystery.  Lots of suspense, twist and turns. I couldn't put it down.  This is one of those Grisham/Patterson thrillers.
 Book was difficult to follow initaially and hard to understand the relationship of the characters being developed to Dillard. Improved over time. I am trying the next book in the series.
 This was a can't put it down kind of book! Intrigue, detail, mystery...good story, good plot. Looking forward to more of the Joe Dillard series.
 This is a very enjoyable and entertaining book.  The characters are enjoyable, and the plot has just the right amount of personal dysfunction.
 Despite a slow start this book picked up speed and made me stay up past my bedtime to read the conclusion.<br/>Good characters and plot. I recommend.
 and how delicious it was to traverse this web of complicated deceptions. Once started, I couldn't put it down for a moment.
 I was impressed with the Author, Characters &amp; story line. But it was book 2 that really hooked me! Scott Pratt is definately up there with the like of Woods, Grisham &amp; the rest!
 A readable crime/lawyer novel in the same genre as Grisham. Very enjoyable... you'll learn to love the life of Joe Dillard as the layers of his personality and character unfold through out this series.
 I plan on following Joe Dillard in the other novels as he is a sincere and likeable character seeking truth, justice ant the American way -- sorta like a superman of the legal variety.
 Fantastic books. Love the author. I have looked for books like this for 5 years. I love southern courtroom drama. The book was delivered on time and in great condition.
 I didn't realize it was a series until after I read about 100 pages. I am not into series as they make you buy more books. Really I have no opinion about this book
 This book kept my interest, had a good plot and some really clever twists. I thoroughly enjoyed it and will read more by this author.
 Never having read this author's work before,I was pleasantly surprised that it kept my interest and was a good read.  Most likely will purchase next book in the series.
 Book kept me turning pages till early morning. Lots of twists and turns keeping you wondering who really committed the crime. A very good read.
 This was a very easy book to read. It had you involved right from the start. The characters were interesting and the conclusion was entertaining to say the least.
 Thoroughly delightful book.  I can usually figure out the end of a book but this one was a surprise and a very pleasant one.  The characters were delightful albeit some not so nice.  I'm looking forward to reading another one of Scott Pratt's books.
 Pratt knows the law, he tells a great story with reality and no heroics. He knows about all that stuff floating around in the cesspool AKA the criminal justice system and he tells it like it is without pulling any punches. You can learn a lot from this book but you might not like what you learn. Read it for entertainment and a true-to-life look at what goes on behind the scenes!!
 I am a trial lawyer although not a criminal lawyer and I loved the clever characters, the compassion of the author for wounded souls and the way the book ends.
 It kept my interest and there were moments when I couldn't put the book down.  I have recommended this book to several other people.
 Later, I plan to write a slightly more extensive review.  At this point, all I can say is that the book is so good, you will not believe it's this writer's first.
 I loved this book! The characters are so real and extraordinary! I can't wait to read the entire series. I just hope that Scott Pratt writes quickly, because I read quickly!
 Interesting to the very end,twists ,,turns emotions all over.I thought I knew who done it ,but am I  right?<br/>surprise maybe! great read suspense .
 Scott Pratt is a new author added to my collection of favorites. Loved this book so much that I have since purchased the next two books in the Joe Dillard series. The main character, Joe Dillard, is a defense attorney who you can't help but empathize with. There are several themes intertwined as he is on a quest to represent just one innocent client before he resigns and moves over to the district attorney's office. If you enjoy legal thrillers this book is for you.
 Many twist and turns. Realistically presented. Fast paced. Easy to read and humorous. Main character has real feelings.  Showed his strength and weakness.
 Good read. Interesting characters and good story line. Made me get book number 2 in the series and so far it has also kept my interest
 I never wanted to put this down. It was just one change after another and another. You just could not even think what was next. Kept me very intrigued.
 It is an easy to read book that kept me interested. Although it is about court and prosecution it not complicated. I'm looking forward to reading another of Pratt's books.
 A good read.  It goes fast, and I am looking forward to reading the next book in this series.
 Joe Dillard is very likable, struggles with the same demons we all struggle with. Scott Pratt can tell a tale like the best of them.  Very good story telling.
 A well written book from beginning to end.  The characters were masterfully woven as was the story.  Doesn't get much better than this.
 Just finished this book.  Had a good story line.  Gave insight how lawyers may feel about defending guilty people. Not the ending I expected.
 In the fashion of John Grisham. I had a hard time putting it down. I highly recommend this book. It will keep you turning the pages.
 This one was a light read with some amusing characters, considering the theme.<br/><br/>The book has a nice pace and is an enjoyable read.
 Worth reading. Fairly light reading murder story, where focus is more on the characters than the story. Not something that keeps you up at night but at the same time is entertaining.
 A very good book!  Well written with somewhat of a surprise  ending.  Could hardly put it down!  Highly recommend to anyone that likes murder mysteries.
 I'm not a literary giant so I can't speak to that...  however, I can say that I loved the book well enough to order another book by this author.  Glad i discovered him.
 Great book. Will read more from author.  Grew up in the area book was about, so really enjoyed the story as it moved from area to area
 did not expect this new author for me to be so enjoyable. i am planning to read the other books is his series about joe diiliard....
 Wow.  Excellent .... I've been buying all his books.  Enjoy them tremendously.  It's  a great series in the lawyer genre.
 intriguing and suspenseful.  great read.
 This was a great read.  At times, laugh out loud funny, at other times, dark and serious.  The characters are likable and real, with a believable but interesting and exiting plot.  I will definitely be reading more of the Joe Dillard books in the series.
 Very intriguing twisting tale of crime and passion. Can't wait to read his second book. I liked best the multiple story lines. I highly recommend it to you.
 The characters were very well defined,  with flaws and strengths making them believable. I look forward to the next book.  JEANNIE
 After I read this first book in the series, I had to have all the rest! There aren't that many writers who have a series you can really grab onto so this is a real find!
 If I need a lawyer I'm calling Joe Dillard. Good background on legal profession and judicial system. Lots of mystery and good character development.
 I like the story in the main character's own words. He appears to be everyday type with ups and downs.
 Great book, couldn't put it down.  Reminiscent of Grisham.  Loved the twist and turns and the ending was better than I expected.
 Nicely crafted legal thriller that combines a sympathetic hero (who knew a defense lawyer could be a sympathetic hero??) and a host of interesting supporting cast.  Very enjoyable and I'll be sure to get more of the series.
 I remember enjoying this book very much.  It was quite a while ago and I don't remember the details but I do remember thinking that I liked it very much.
 I enjoyed every phase of this book. Intriguing dynamic story telling. Could not put it down today until the end. Would recommend it to friends and foes.
 Scott Pratt did a great job developing this story and its characters. This is the first book by him that I have read but it won't be the last.
 Having grown up in Knoxville, the places Scott Pratt writes about are familiar and authentic. Pratt also very effectively builds characters who are unique to East Tennessee, and almost recognizable as some of the people I once knew. His depiction of the corruption in local government is not at all far fetched. I've read all of the Joe Dillard series and hope there will be a "next in the series"... all real page turners with great surprise endings.
 I was surprised how quickly I was pulled into the story.  Definitely recommend and I will buy more by this author.
 All the best elements included here. A truly likeable lawyer with a complicated personal life,a couple of  innocent guilty parties,beautiful women, action and suspense thrown together and unexpected twists rounds it all off.<br/>A very entertaining weekend read
 It ended with a surprise.  But somehow I had to agree to that ending.  A must read. Almost like a Hitchcock ending.
 Enjoyed the book so much that I bought the next book in this series, In Good Faith. Planning to keep buying Pratts' books
 For the most part this was a good read. I found the attorney to be a liberal bleeding heart though and it was aggravating at times.
 Great read.  Liked the author's use of legal jargon without going over my head,  I will definitely read more of his books.
 Scott Pratt is a wonderful writer!  His characters are believable and funny and honest and real!  I loved this book!  Erlene was my favorite character!
 I am not done reading it, but when I first started to i couldn't put my tablet down. I will finish it one day and so far I love it.
 Great book.I  enjoyed the characters, the descriptions of all the drama in a court judicial room. The main characters are portrayed with realism. I will recomended to every body that enjoy the judicial thrillers.
 I love this author! His books are written in first person and he relates information in a manner that shows his knowledge of the law.
 Good character development.  Lots of twists and turns.  Keeps you wondering what else could go wrong.  And has a surprise ending.
 I thought this was a great legal novel. Not quite as intricate a  web as John Grishom spins, but totally enjoyable reading nevertheless. I liked it well enough to pay a little something to continue reading the series. I recommend it.
 I enjoyed An Innocent Client and plan to read more of his Joe Dillard series.  I'm on his third book already.
 I am so happy to have discovered Scott Pratt &amp; his Joe Dillard series! I ordered my first one from BookBub as a free book but went right back &amp; bought the rest of the collection. Easy to read &amp; follow, interesting characters, all ends are tied up &amp; not filled with sex (although that might not be a selling point for some people). Anyway, I love series books especially when I can read a few in a row &amp; highly recommend these books.
 This was a wonderful book.  The characters came to life and the story line was wonderful.  I would recommend this author.
 I really enjoyed this book. Reminded me of John Grissom. It's fast moving and I couldn't wait to get back to it. I plan to check out his other books.
 I just discovered this author and this book was so good that I have finished the second and have started the third. I love the lawyer Joe Dillard and his wife Caroline. I plan to read all of the books Scott Pratt writes.
 New author for me.  Will look for other books written by Scott Pratt.  Different twist and very enjoyable. Kept my interest throughout.
 Enjoy this series, Joe Dillard comes across as a real person, some one you would want to know.  This one is free give it a try, hope you enjoy as much as I did.
 Starts a little slow, but it promise you if u make it to the fifth chapter, you won't stop until its finished. I read it in one (1) day. May even re-read it.
 First book from this author &amp; I'm hooked! Have to keep reading the rest. I enjoyed meeting all the characters.
 This was an excellent read. I enjoyed it immensely and couldn't put it down til I finished it. I'm looking forward to reading book 2.
 I really enjoyed this book. Lots of twists and turns. A really good book! I can't wait to read more of his books.
 this was a really really good read it moved along quickly it was well written and I enjoyed the story I will read more of his books
 GOOD READING...enough twists to keep you wanting to turn those pages... if you like the South and the law, you should read this!
 I really liked Scott's writing style.  Very good character development and engaging story.  At the end I wanted more.  Thankfully this is only book 1.
 A fun read with interesting and different twists.  Makes one almost sorry for lawyers.  Almost, but it will take more than that.
 Wonderful read, hard to put down and it kept me up for hours to try and get to the end.
 I loved the story what a decent man the lawyer is.<br/>All day I was looking forward so I could read again.<br/>I found it hard to put the book down, all in all a great book. I will send it to my daughter we both enjoy legal literature, she is a legal secretary. Will get the next one tomorrow. Greetings from down under.
 With behind the scenes insights that will make you wonder about the judicial system, as well as fear it.<br/>Excellent read!
 The story was a little slow starting out, but quickly turned into a book I didn't want to put down. It drew me in and had me absorbed in the story. It had a few twists which made it more interesting, every time I thought I figured it out, something else came about. This is a great read if you are into mysteries and suspense. I would definitely recommend this book.<br/>Thank you Scott Pratt!!
 I enjoyed this story - wasn't sure "who done it" until near the end.  I hate to think law enforcement and prosecutors are real as rotten as those in the book!
 This book is fantastic.JOE DILLARD is the man..Do yourself a favor, read it &amp; enjoy every minute of it.You,`'ll be glad you did.
 I enjoyed this book, it wasn't of great depth but a good read for those who like a little mystery.  Some good laughs.
 This is my first experience reading Scott Pratt, and I rate him right up there with Michael Connelly and Marcia Clark. His plot is solid, and the character development shows great promise for future books in the series. I'm about to read the second in this series. I'm looking forward to it!
 Likable characters, especially Joe Dillard.  Easy, interesting read.  Yes, I will read others, hopefully, in this series. Grisham fans, take note.
 Action packed and very good. I didn't feel like it lagged EVER. Kept me reading to the very last page. Very good...
 I did NOT see THAT ending coming! An Innocent Client is masterfully written and an absolute thriller to read. Kudos!
 A fun book.  Learned a lot,  the book  was suspenseful, amusing and loved Joe, his family, Erleane and Angel.<br/>Keep them coming!
 Because it was well written, the plot kept you going, you thought you had it worked out and then there came the twist. Congratulations to Scott Pratt.
