 This screen protector is fantastic and I wish I could rate it 6 stars.  In a horrific chain of events I tragically dropped my phone from approximately 4 3/4 feet directly onto cold hard pavement littered with gravel.  (Dropped it out my car window)  I hesitantly exited my vehicle and then proceeded to step directly on top of the phone which was screen side down.  To my dismay I observed multiple cracks on the screen of my almost new iPhone 8.  I then did the drive of shame back home where I could more closely observe the catastrophic damage to my phone screen.  I slowly pulled it out of my pocket as a single tear ran down my face.  Suddenly I was overcome with an epiphany.  I had purchased and installed this glass protector on my phone.  Is it possible that my screen was still intact? Is it possible that this 8 dollar product saved me from replacing my entire screen?  I slowly peeled back the screen and was filled with joy.  I haven't felt joy like this since I opened up my Nintendo 64 one 1990's Christmas morning.  My screen was unscathed.  I snapped a picture of the decimated screen cover, and gave it a proper viking burial.  Thank you for your service tempered glass screen protector.
 I'm "that guy" who researches everything to the "nth degree."  Five years ago I bought my entire family our first smart phones (iPhone 5).  I took the new iPhones to the closest Big Box store to purchase screen protectors. There wasn't a great deal of choice then so I went with what the employees recommended which happened to be the most expensive screen protector--and at that time most highly rated--on the market.  The employee at the said Big Box store offered free installation on all the phones.  At the price they were charging I thought I'll have somebody with lots of experience doing this make sure it is done right.  My daughters' phones were done okay, my wife's phone was "so-so", but my phone was done poorly.  Lots of dust under the screen protector and what appeared to be two small creases.  I asked the employee to do it over but he said I would have to pay for a new screen protector.  None of this brand's expensive screen protectors fared well over the years, even though we take pretty meticulous care of our things.  Lots of scratches and imperfections led me to conclude that brand was not all it was cracked up to be.  In fact critical testing proved the surface to be quite soft and prone to scratching.  Fast forward five years later and a long overdue upgrade to two iPhone 8's.  I made the decision that I would be the one doing the screen protector installation on our two new iPhones.  I'm leery of popular items that don't cost much (cheap cost = popularity not quality), but after doing all my homework TechMatte was the clear winner hands down.  I purchased three packs (a total of 6 screen protectors) to do our two iPhones figuring I would make at least two attempts per phone.  I did my wife's phone first and ended up using the second screen protector due to a small wet spot that just wouldn't squeegee out.  Another 20 minute prep session and the second attempt was spot on.  Three weeks later I got my iPhone and nailed a perfect install of the protector on the first attempt.  Absolute flawless finish.  To me the key is to take as much time as needed to do your cleaning and prep work on the phone screen.  I took a small flashlight and located every dust or speck left on the screen and kept going over it multiple times with as many of the dust removal strips it took to have a flawless surface for the application.  Take at least 20 minutes--or more--to prep the screen and you'll end up with a great finish.  Just don't rush the process. As to longevity, I'm already convinced that the TechMatte protector is much tougher than the expensive brand I used on our prior iPhones.  But even if these don't last for several years, I already have three spare screen protectors on standby I can apply if needed.  As far as I'm concerned, TechMatte is the Best of the Best.  Believe the hype, they're that good!  Do the installation yourself and do it right.  No more Big Box stores for me.
 This does not adhere to the edges of an iPhone 8 well at all. I would not buy this if you have an 8. I’ve had no issues with the same brand for the X, but there must be a contour to the screen on the edge of the 8 that it just doesn’t work well with
 Afraid I’m not very good at remembering to write reviews, even for products that impress me, but I just had to do so for this one, so here we go....<br/>Buy these.  If you value your phone’s screen… Now! Because I am so clumsy and accident prone and somewhat famous for how many times I can drop my phone, having a good case has always been a top priority.  My husband &amp; I typically never buy the extra insurance or warranties for products but have actually started doing so with my iphones.... yeah, I’m that bad  😏  Never put a whole lot of thought into the actual screen protector,  however when buying my last case on here, I went ahead and bought these as well.<br/>Fast forward about a year &amp; dagummit, I did it:  had managed to drop my phone just right and just enough times that, even with a good case, I had cracked the screen a tiny bit in a couple places along the edges &amp; corners… A “spider vein” was starting to work it’s way across the middle and I was scratching my finger a bit on those messed up spots.  So, made an appointment at my local Apple Store, prepared to pay that small fee to get a new screen put on my phone. But then the nice, helpful Apple guy gets it, takes a look at it briefly from a couple of angles, looks at me and says “have you taken the screen protector off?”  I had a screen protector?? Oh yeah, totally forgot I had even bought those and put that on here! “Do you mind if I take this off to take a look?”  Of course not, my good sir… Just fix my baby and put her back in my hot little hands! He then proceeds to carefully peel off this wonderful piece of engineered awesomeness and hands it to me, saying “this saved your phone’s screen”  - the screen was absolutely, 100% intact?! This innocuous-looking piece of thin glass had absorbed all of my damage and that was it  -  left there without my cracked up protector but a giddy girl..... husband laughed at me, because I was so excited that my clumsy, gracelessness actually had a happy ending to its’ tale for a change 😁<br/> I immediately came home and placed an order for two more, since 2 come in a package; one for mine &amp; teen daughter’s phones &amp; another package to keep on hand, JUST IN CASE!<br/> So, thank you, you awesome people and keep it up! This seven or so dollar investment is probably one of the best ones I have ever made… Clumsy and phone-dropping people; heed my cry and place your orders pronto!
 I bought the glass screen protector in February for my daughter's phone.  Application was fine and worked great.  After about 5 months, the glass layers started to separate and even chipped around the home button.  I contacted the manufacturer directly to inquire about a warranty replacement since it has a "lifetime" warranty.  They wouldn't honor the warranty because it wasn't bought direct through them.  It was supplied by a 3rd party vendor here on Amazon.  I didn't pick the vendor.  It was the vendor that was providing Prime shipping.<br/>If you expect them to honor the warranty, only purchase it direct from the manufacturer.  Very shady situation.<br/>On a plus side, the Amazon customer service was great and took care of me for this issue.  Just don't buy anything from amFilm since they don't want to honor their warranty.
 This warrants my first ever review of a product I have bought online. I dropped my phone with a shockproof case and this screen protector on after having it only for a couple weeks. The result? I pick up my phone to see the most cracks I have ever had to deal with. I thought to myself, "Well I will just peel the protector off since I am sure it absorbed the shock and I have another that came with it." Turns out the screen protector only had a crack or 2 in it and the damage went almost entirely into the screen itself. With my past screen protector given to me by the Verizon store, I dropped my phone bunches of times worse on pavement but turns out its a one and done for this screen protector. I would love to be reimbursed for this product that is not up to industry standard but I guess that probably won't happen. I am in awe that is "Amazon's Choice."
 These are complete garbage, they crack and break way too easily. It makes no sense, they fit the phone just fine and do not overlap the sides, yet both screen savers only lasted a few days before I noticed cracks across the entire length. I also have an outer phone case installed, which does not come close to touching these screen protectors, but help keep anything from ever touching these protectors. I suggest trying a different brand before using this product.
 I have an iPhone 7.  I have purchased multiple times this type of screen protectors, this specific brand 3 times last yea for my phone. Now I’m not sure what is different from last year, or if this is a new version or what’s going on, but they don’t fit right, I have the edge  all around  does not touch the screen and gives the effect of a white frame all around and instantly accumulates dust. I’ve never had this issue before and in the past I have replaced more than 6 protectors between my phone and my wife’s phone so I kind of know what I’m talking about.
 Let me start by saying that It’s a great price for 2 glass screen protectors.<br/>However,<br/> I was a little disappointed when I opened it and the first one I slid out of the foam cover was cracked on the corner.<br/> I pulled the second one out and it was fine. With 3 teenagers and all the electronics,over the years, I’ve become a pro at finding good and bad brands as well as putting them on.<br/>I was pleased to see that unlike others the dust didn’t magically appear when I took the plastic wrap off the sticky side like other brands. That’s a bonus!<br/>There is a small bend on the right side top corner of the second one currently on my screen.<br/>Instead of curving to mold to the screen it’s wanting to bend outward. It was fine when I first put it on so I’m not sure how it bent. I don’t carry my phone with me inside the house everywhere since I use Bluetooth. Outside elements are not an issue since I’m mostly at home due to Chronic Migraines.<br/>The protests my screen and doesn’t scratch. It’s easy to clean.<br/>I wasn’t too concerned about causing a fuss over the first cracked one because it’s a good price and most places charge that for just one....plus I just don’t have the energy to argue over a few dollars.  I’m hoping that the second one that is on now will last me awhile.<br/>I could have just been a bad batch.  It seems to be doing good except for the one corner. Overall it’s nice.
 my testimony to the Glass protective screens are as follows.<br/>I had purchased a I phone 8 and of course didn't want to spend what like 40 to 75 dollars on a sreen protector so I dabbled on Amazon. I purchased one from a competitor and to be honest I can't remember there name but let me tell you totally disappointed as I have oily skin and I also put beard oil in. The screen protector that I bought from a different supplier had the worst, I mean it wouldn't even clean with rubbing Alcohol smug marks just nasty, so I was now gambling to find another like my old one that I got from my verizon store on my old phone, so I ran into this one and believe me when I say WOW! no marks, No smugging, Just like you get from the retailers, and best yet under $10.00 Must say GReat buy and going to buy my daughter one. Hope this helps anyone else in the market for a great screen protector.
 There are two brands that I typically go to for tempered glass screen protection but decided to give amFilm a shot as it was listed as an "Amazon's Choice" item for my phone with consideration to the number of positive versus negative reviews.  Although my iPhone 8 is brand new, I still took the time to properly clean and prepare the phone for application.  First application, perfect alignment but the edges of the glass would not adhere to the screen.  Removed the first glass screen protector, prepared my phone for the second.  Applied the second glass screen protector, had the same results, perfect alignment but edges would not adhere to the screen.  First time, I understand.  Two times, it is a fitment issue or QC issue or both.
 I had an issue with installation, the paperwork said to contact the company. I sent an email to the company asking for assistance and did not get a response. The screen has scratched in just a couple of weeks. Poor quality product, zero customer support but they talk a big warranty, but it’s just hype. A return message would have been nice. Waste of money I have one screen that has bubbles, the other one has more scratches than my 1 year old screen protector.
 I don't normally write interviews for stuff like this because I think it's hard to give details about it. It either works or it doesn't, you know? I have had this screen protector on my phone for about 10 months. I have dropped my phon numberous times on a variety of surfaces since then and this protector has been chugging along just fine. It didn't even have any scratches on it! This afternoon I tripped and when I reached out my hand to break my fall it happened to be the hand I was holding my phone in. My phone survived (yes Otterbox, your review is next) but my screen protector cracked where I landed on a pebble. However, I am giving this a 5 star rating because my actual phone screen is totally unblemished. Since this is  a two pack I know I have a replacement waiting for me at home (just need to find whatever hte heck I did with it). I highly recommend this item if you are a chronic phone dropper. It required the force of my falling body and a poorly located pebble to crack this thing.  So I would definitely buy again when I get a new phone some day. It's 100% worth the cost.
 I bought this in November, 2015. Applied it to my iPhone 6 (which has been protected for even longer in the same otterbox defender case I purchased a while back). Today, my screen protector finally cracked.<br/><br/>I was so darn impressed with the tempered glass. Once I found my purchase history and who/where I got my screen protector from, I had to write this review after making another order. I don't remember back then why I chose amFilm over Maxboost or JeTech or any other label, but I am so pleased with how long this screen lasted.<br/><br/>The screen lasted because of the otterbox, quite simply. I never abuse my phone but I don't baby it either. It's had many many tumbles. And despite the fantastic otterbox, the fact that the glass has lasted me almost two years is amazing. No scratches visible when shoved in the same pocket with keys everyday. I miss the vinyl/poly screen protectors, but having a 0.2mm glass cover on top of the iphone glass screen is very reassuring.
 I’m editing my review as I’m now ordering my THIRD kit.  A few minutes ago my wife tripped over our Lab andfell, landing on some rocks.  She had her phone in her hand, landing screen down.  She had no idea I had put a screen protector on her phone and pointed to the sharp impact point and spider web of broken glass.  I pulled the badly broken protector off and zero damage to her overpriced iPhone!  Thank you!<br/><br/> This was my second purchase of this screen protector.  Within a week of my last purchase and application I put a nice, deep scratch in the protector.  That was a win for saving my screen!  I noticed my “selfie” camera was becoming blurry so I decided I would order a new protector.  It arrived and I hadn’t yet applied it to the phone.  Today, I dropped the phone from a 1 story roof, landing on gravel, I found what I thought was the screen shattered.  Instead it was just the protector!  It absorbed the impact, saved the screen and the phone itself.  I highly recommend this product!  Oh, and with the new application the image is much sharper.
 It arrived in perfect condition, and it was easy to put on my phone. However, I've only had it on for a couple months and the cover is already cracked in a few places (hairline so far). On the one hand, it's protecting my actual phone's glass front; on the other, I can't believe how quickly those cracks happened.<br/><br/>My iPhone 6S is going on 2.5 years old, and prior to using a glass screen protector, I'd always used plastic. In fact, the same one Verizon put on my phone the day I got it was the one I took off right before I switched to this one, because the plastic was finally peeling up around the Home button. I love the feel of this one much more than the plastic sheet, but it's not proving to last as long. Either way though, my phone's screen is still protected.
 Nice screen protectors, 2 in a pack. Love the glass finish, Easy install. One of the protectors I received was defective. I contacted customer service, and was provided with great customer service. Quality of products are A+. Thanks for putting customers first and standing by your products. Really great screen protector guys, really. If this review was helpful please click on helpful link, thank you.<br/>Updating review 01/18/18<br/>Buy glass screen protector with confidence. Look no further! Awesome company with quality products!<br/>I dropped my phone about 1/2 hr ago and I thought for sure my screen had just cracked.. I dropped it from about five ft above the pavement and heard a cracking sound. The screen glass protector did its job. The protector glass cracked/broke but the phone isn’t damaged. Techmatte if you guys read these reviews.. Keep up the great work! This is a great company putting out quality products and providing great customer service. I’m sure this company will be VERY successful! It sucks my protector broke, but I’m purchasing another one now because of how well it did it’s job! I also purchased a screen protector for the Nintendo switch made by this company and I am so glad I did. I will continue to support/purchase from TechMatte! I hope you will purchase from them too.
 After putting this on my Iphone7 (not a plus) I was lining it up on one side thinking that it should be okay. That is not the case. The product is about 1 millimeter too small. I know you are saying what is one millimeter in the game of life. Well for me it makes one side of the screen have double vision because it landed just about 1 millimeter onto the viewing area. I friend of mine said oh you will get use to it...yes I might but after spending $700.00 on a phone I wish this product would not make me think I have a bad screen.<br/><br/>I find it troubling that the company asks you to contact them before leaving a bad review. I contacted them and well after them asking for a phone of the phone. Tricky since well don't most people take pictures with their phones these days. How do you take a picture of a phone with the phone. But I got out my old school camera and got some taken.<br/><br/>They also asked for my order number. Then the replied with "please be advised, as noted on the products' page on Amazon, all iPhone 6 screen protectors are designed to be a bit smaller than the actual screen for the following reason:<br/><br/>Due to the slight, curved-edge design of the iPhone 6, our screen protectors are made to be a little smaller than the actual screen of your device. This is to prevent the protector from overlaying these curved edges which can lead to unwanted bubbling and peeling up around the edges."<br/><br/>The title of my email to the was "screen protector 2-pack - Iphone7"  They could have at least read the title of my email.<br/><br/>So take note THIS PRODUCT MAY PROTECT YOUR SCREEN/PHONE...BUT IT WILL NOT COMPLETELY COVER THE VIEW AREA OF YOUR SCREEN.  Well it might if you are a watch repair man and you have experience putting small things in tiny places.<br/><br/>I guess this was not the product I should had picked. I just wanted something to prevent scratches on the screen. This must be to prevent the screen from damage if you drop it or something.
 I installed this protector my phone and my husband's phone. We both have phone cases. We each experienced cracks on the protector within a week of use. The phone screen is fine. The protector is doing it's job I guess, but we have to look through cracks and lots of them.<br/><br/>ONE YEAR UPDATE: The manufacture reached out to me after writing the above review and said they would be happy to send me a new one as is their policy. I contacted them and relayed the required information and never recieved my replacement. After doing this several times I gave up.<br/><br/>Scream protectors have now been replaced with another product after using these for 11 months. The picture shows the protectors after 11 months of use.
 *I paid for this item in full, at my expense. I didn't receive this for free or at a discounted price.<br/>Of the two screen protectors, one came from a crack (probably occurred during packaging or shipping).<br/>Comes with cleaning kits, "squeeze card", dust stickers.<br/>I was going to return the product after I saw one of the protectors had a crack in it, but decided out of necessity to use the other screen protector for my phone.<br/>From the looks of it, the protector is like a firm plexiglass; I applied some pressure (after seeing the crack) to see how it would bend, since I've seen other reviews of other screen protectors being entirely flexible. (See photos)<br/>Packaging sucks, and for that reason this product gets 4 stars. The sleeves that the product comes in are thin and sheer. The protective box seems sturdy by itself, but to protect glass during shipping, not reliable. (See photo, I applied pressure to it and it twisted) Either this box needs to be upgraded, or the shipping and handling needs some work. My product came in a bubble envelope with a hole, so maybe the reason why the protector came cracked was because of that, who knows? The "squeeze card" was also bent and no, I had not used the product prior to the picture.<br/>The phone is responsive to the touch, and works fine with the screen protector.<br/>Until further notice, this protector seems to be decent for the price it is. Will report back if anything occurs, see photos and make your own judgment.<br/><br/>***EDIT: 7/5/2016<br/>I DROPPED MY PHONE! I was in line at a burger joint, about to pay. I was holding my wallet and my phone in one hand, while trying to open my wallet with the other hand, and my phone dropped face down onto the floor. I'm 5'1, but I dropped it at about chest level. I was so scared to flip it over and see that my screen was cracked, BUT IT WASN'T! Only the glass screen protector cracked a bit in the corner (WILL INSERT PHOTOS WHEN I GET TO BF'S HOUSE), but other than that, my screen is completely fine. THANK GOD! I highly recommend this screen protector! It really does work, and I am ordering my boyfriend a pair, since he has an iPhone 6+.<br/>On a side note, the company contacted me twice to ensure that I was satisfied with their product, at which point I told them my other screen came cracked. They apologized and sent me a replacement PAIR for free, and this was aside from my warranty. I originally wasn't going to say anything because it could've been the shipping company's fault, so I didn't want to make it an issue for the TechMatte company, but they were so caring and generous to send me another pair for free.<br/>Moral of this review:<br/>1) Don't take the chance of not having a screen protector!<br/>2) This company has really good customer service and their product is amazing.<br/>3) They have a very good warranty!<br/>5/5 for good product, good customer service, and good warranty! Cheers!
 I LOVE this screen protector. In college, I worked for AT&amp;T and placed several different types of screen protectors on hundreds of different phones. A lot of screen protectors are great in the quality department but most all of them were difficult to place. I have not been on the screen protector market in a few years but this company puts an awesome product and application process together!!!! This is one of those products that they give you WAY more value than what you're paying for at $7.<br/><br/>My favorite parts:<br/>1. Stickers for little fuzzies that get on screen Or on protector (SO annoying with out these!)<br/>2. Clean clothe for before and after<br/>3. Wet AND Dry wipes<br/>4. Non flimsy (no bending or breaking) phone squeegee<br/>5. TWO count em two, glass screen protectors.<br/>6. Two thumb handles for easy application and placement (this is one of my favorites.... applying protectors on the side without handles are a pain in the rear end!)<br/>7. I actually love the glass feel and look.... its clear and smooth!!! No matte feel or glare protection or any of that and I love it.<br/>8. TWO SETS OF EVERYTHING<br/><br/>Usage: Previously, someone broke my wife's phone screen. So I replaced the screen and bought these screen protectors. After installation and placement of the protector we had 3 good weeks of solid usage with no issues and great quality. Sadly, gravity had new plans for her phone again this weekend. Her phone was accidentally dropped from about 3-4 feet on solid concrete face down.... The screen protector broke.... (which is to be expected) BUT the screen and phone remained perfectly intact despite a nasty facedown encounter with a flimsy case with no lip protecting it! I applied the second one tonight in less than 5 minutes... and was inspired to take 20 minutes to write this review!<br/><br/>Well worth every penny and then some!!! Highly recommend.
 Update from original posting see below:  Seller quickly reached out to me asking if I wanted to try another screen protector that would could fix this or if I wanted a refund.  I responded and confirmed that I didn't want a refund but that I would be willing to try another one.  The seller once again responded with the confirmation of shipping and contact information and has sent a replacement. I will report back on that once recieved but with customer support like this I am totally happy and more than willing to try again.  Thank you.  So I got two new iPhone 8 phones.  One for personal and one for work.  Trying to find a screen protector to keep these new as long as possible I tried this brand.  Good price, quick shipping and seemed straightforward.  Made sure to take my time, clean the screen, remove the dust etc.  Both screens stuck great.  No bubbles, easy to line up and self-applies just like stated.  The only issue I have is the one looks perfect, the other one the top of the screen protector didn't stick at the top at all.  I can press it back down and it will look good for a bit by within minutes to an hour it has come loose again.  Does it hurt the performance at all, no?  It still protects the original screen but just doesn't look nice.  Will try again once this has to be replaced or if I just decide I can't live with it.  The other one laid out on the device perfect and doesn't have these same issues at all.
 What's in it?<br/>Comes with 2 screen protectors. For application, comes with instructions, wet+dry wipes (2 each), microfiber wipe, dust removal stickers, and squeeze card for air bubbles.<br/><br/>Installation Difficulty?<br/>Easy to adhere. Pretty self explanatory in instructions, but includes a link to a video for a more visual tutorial online if needed. Since the product comes with a lot of the prep supplies for cleaning, the application is very smooth.<br/><br/>Quality?<br/>Glass finish with the same smooth iPhone glass feel/touch and sensitivity. Easy to remove and no sticky adhesive residue to clean up. Liquids, solids, finger prints, and dust are easier to clean on this glass surface than say a plastic one. Durable with a combination of a good case.<br/><br/>My Experience?<br/>I bought this for my iPhone 8 and iPhone 6 (not the Plus), and it fit perfectly. It's better than the plastic screen protectors you buy separately or the ones that are adhered to cases. I applied this screen protector to my iPhone and then punched out the screen on my otter box and use both together. Mine lasted for over a year with hardly any scratches and NO cracks until today when my phone was run over by a car at an intersection. Between the otter box and the screen protector, my iPhone was saved from ALL damages. This screen protector cracked and broke (obviously), but it saved my $800 iPhone from probably $100+ damages for less than $10. (pictures included)
 I have changed many an iPhone/Android screen.  For the screen itself, these are plain vanilla, and do not include the fingerprint scanner. It works, and seems to be good enough for a replacement on a 3 year old iPhone.  But the packaging  My goodness, that was amazing.  It was packaged perfectly.  It was rigid cardboard board with foam cutouts for the screen and parts.  Pin to remove SIM card? Check. Suction cup on a ring to pull the screen? Check. wipes? Check. Plastic pry bars? Check. Torq and Phillips screw drivers? Check and Check.  A really nice touch was an included magnetic mat, with a PICTURE OF THE INSIDE OF THE IPHONE SCREEN so you can keep track of where each screw came from.  That was such a thoughtful gesture.  The packaging is definitely 5 stars.  They even included a ring accessory to put on the back of phone that allows you hold, and stand the phone.  The only thing that would have made this 5 stars is if they included a tempered glass screen protector instead of a flimsy plastic one.  But all else?  There.<br/>I'm thoroughly impressed with this.  I would definitely look at my previous orders and re-order this same screen if ever needed.<br/>I have even used this kit to change a screen for an LG phone, and will continue to save the kit for that purpose.<br/><br/>High-five guys, high-five.
 I purchased a two-pack of these protectors two years ago.  About two weeks ago I accidentally dropped my phone and, as per Murphy's Law, it landed screen down on the sidewalk and slid about two feet.  I was horrified and feared having to pay some unreasonable price to replace the screen on my iPhone 6.  Fortunately, however, my amFilm screen protector did its job magnificently and saved my screen from so much as a scratch!  After contacting the manufacturer for instructions (and receiving a right speedy reply) I quickly and easily removed the damaged screen protector and replaced it with the second one in the 2-pack.  I am exceedingly grateful for the quality of this product, for the fact that it is profoundly simple to install and, most of all, that it did for me what it was meant to do and saved me a potential bundle in repairs.  I don't know what my future holds for smart phones and the like but I can say that whatever I carry will be protected with an amFilm product if one is available.  Highly recommended with kudos to TechMatte for a sensational product at an equally impressive price.
 I thought the product was top quality, especially considering the price and that  you get two films. The packaging was great, the instructions were clear, and the installation was simple (the tabs at the end make it easy to align the film without touching the adhesive surface with your fingers). It's also a nice touch that alcohol and drying wipes, as well as "dust removal stickers" are included. I can't vouch for the claimed durability or scratch resistance, since I just installed them and haven't had any accidents. I also have never used other tempered glass films for comparison. With that said, they seem pretty durable.<br/><br/>I did have an issue where the film on one phone had some bubbling in the center, and the film on a second phone had three short segments along the edge that did not adhere to the screen, despite me being very careful not to touch the adhesive and not to get dust on the screen or film. I don't know whether this was my fault, but I contacted customer service via email to see if there was a fix. They replied within 12 minutes promptly shipped me a free replacement pack (they also offered a refund, but I chose the replacement) - you can't stand behind your product anymore than that.
 I've applied many, many tempered glass screen protectors and have never had issues like I had with this brand.  I install all of my screen protectors in a moist, humid bathroom after the shower has been running.  I also use a Giotto Rocket blower to make certain ALL dust is off the screen.  When I applied this one there were five or six areas where there were tiny bubbles under the protector.  I'm not talking about larger bubbles I'm talking about very, very small bubbles of around 7-10 in a bunch.  This lead me to think that there was NO dust on the screen but a defect in quality.  I have switched to a different brand and will not be using this one again.
 I want to like this but there are too many flaws. I have an iPhone 8 and I wanted a protector that went as close to edge to edge as possible. This doesn’t remotely cut it. It doesn’t even cover the small black outline of the screen before the white outline of the phone starts. Because it sits on top of that, it creates this weird aura looking thing around the edge of the screen because of the shadows it creates. Not only that but it doesn’t look like it has even fully adhered to the sides. It looks like it’s coming up on the edges already even though I have only had it on for 3 days. I have a migraine condition with dizziness and the weird aura thing that’s happening on the side of the screen make it so much worse.<br/><br/>The positives are that the screen is clear and very responsive. I had some bubbles when installed it but they worked their way out after a day. If the weird side thing doesn’t bother you, I’m sure this is great. But I hate it.
 One of the worst screens I’ve ever purchased, to be honest. I’ve bought and installed screens of different brands for my whole family, and this one had such great reviews that I wanted to try it. The installation process was a nightmare, the wipes they include with the pack seem to do nothing for the dust on the phone, I had to go over it over and over and over. Then I pull out the first screen and it is scratched! The second one was thankfully unscathed, so I put it on. I make sure everything is aligned and smooth and deal with the small bubbles in the corners. Everything’s fine. 10 minutes later: a bubble in the middle of my screen. I’m so disappointed in this products, I would not recommend it to anyone.
 In spite of all the numerous reviews, I must tell my experience.<br/>Glass pack arrived and right away I installed the protector. This is not my first time with protectors …. 2 other cell phones (android) and some tablets.<br/>First attempt was a failure due to an air bubble that would not push away, so now the second one. Second install was much better, but not completely bubble free. Just a very small one towards the lower right side. Well.... not completely satisfied installing on a new expensive iPhone What does the vendor say?  "Not 100% satisfied, email customer support." Well I did. very late at night and surprise… an answer right away (within a couple of hours).  I replied to the email and got a second response early in the morning offering a replacement.<br/>The new replacement installed perfectly and in view of the vendor's quick response and replacement results in a 5 star review.  Crisis averted.  The company stands 100% behind their product.  I'm a satisfied customer.
 Bought for my new iPhone 7. Excellent screen protector with smooth glass like feel.  It was extremely frustrating putting it on.  Due to the curved glass, the protector is cut so it must be laid precisely and it takes a STEADY hand, infinite patience, and a steamy room to install it so there is no dust and no halo effect on the sides.  The camera and home button cutouts should be used as guides, but it also makes it difficult to install because you have to align the cutouts and the sides just right.  It took me a lot of attempts and several packs before I got amazing results.  Even then, the cutouts are not perfectly aligned and noticeably askew, but it does not affect the camera or home button.  It’s just an annoying thing that takes away from the esthetics. What saved me from throwing this product out and trying another one was the Customer Service team.  Do yourself a favor and register the product and work with their customer service team.  They responded quickly to my questions and worked with me until I was COMPLETELY satisfied at no additional cost to me.  I swear, in the end they were willing to refund my money even though I think they spent more money on making sure I was satisfied than I paid for the product.  I will buy screen protectors from them again and recommend their product and customer support to others. I completely agree that Apple should just pre-install these screen protectors.
 This is actually my second purchase of this item. My original purchase went on two iPhone 6's. One of them now needs replacing because it has a hairline crack in it. Yes they advertise 9H and they have a lifetime guarantee, but in my opinion, it did it's job. When I removed the old cracked screen, my iPhone screen was not damaged. The product performs as claims. They don't claim that it's indestructible and that it would never need replacing, it claims that it will protect your phone's screen. And that it did. Once the screen protect is cracked, it should be replaced as soon as possible. The integrity of the protector is compromised and will most likely not protect your screen against future impacts.<br/><br/>But that's not the only reason why I purchased this product for a second time. There are a plethora of company's all boasting the same specs, but what I like about amFilm is their ease of application. There are two tabs at either end of the screen protector which facilitates the lining up of the glass via the old eyeball method. The cutouts for the phone speaker and the home button also provide a nice reference guide to align the screen protector. Once in position, a small amount of pressure on the centre of the screen, and voila! the screen will self adhere with zero air bubbles.<br/><br/>Like all screen protectors though, make sure there is ZERO dust in the air prior to application. Once dust adhere's to the underside of the glass, it's pretty much done.
 I have used so many screen protectors, including great brands like Peel. However, I never had good experience in applying the screen protectors.<br/>This TechMatte screen protector is exceptional. I brought this protector for my iPhone 6. It worked perfectly fine and I could able to apply this protector without any any issues.<br/>This pack comes with two protectors and applying materials and nice small cloth to wipe out the dirt.<br/><br/>I liked this product and I recommend it for two reasons... it is not expensive and easy to apply without any issues.
 I've had this screen protector for over seven months and it has withstood more than ten drops and protected my Apple 6S EVERY TIMEEEEE!<br/>I am now replacing the screen as it is time for a new one to go on... The package comes with a wet cloth, dry cloth, and air bubble squeeze card for application. Once you use the wet and dry cloth, make sure ALL the lint is off of your phone- just tilt your phone towards the light and you will see any remnants left behind. Once you apply the cover, use the bubble squeeze card while the extra cover is on, so you don't scratch the main cover for your phone. All you have to do is gently peel back one side and check for bubbles- if they are there, reapply the outer cover and squeeze out the bubbles and then repeat the same procedure on the other side of the phone. Once all the bubbles are out, remove the application film and you're set to go. It's a WONDERFUL product.
 The Good:  it is real glass and the 'feel' is a little better than a plastic cover.  It's easy to clean off fingerprints.  It is pretty easy to install without air bubbles - that was really nice (although I had a piece of dust under it the first time so I trashed my first one).<br/>The Bad:  Here is where my opinion varies from the majority.  If you think a screen protector should be mostly invisible and not affect the aesthetics of the phone (like me), then this is probably not the screen protector for you.  Due to the thickness, the boundaries of the protector are visible and obvous.  Furthermore, on an iPhone 7, it  don't seem to follow the glass bnd at the endges forming a zone where it looks foggy and perhaps not fully adhered.<br/>Overall, I liked the feel of having glass as my screen protector but the appearance is poor and I'll likely replace soon.
 I've had this screen protector on my phone for a couple of months now, and it hasn't taken any significant blows so I'm not sure how it would hold up under those circumstances (I also have a case with bumpers that go all the way around the screen, so this gives a lot of protection). However, it didn't take very long for some minor bumps to cause cracks in the protector. Luckily they're down around the bottom, but I was surprised that it cracked so easily given that I drop my phone with some regularity and I've never had a major crack in either the phone itself or my previous screen protectors (again, I credit this mostly to the case). Also, around the home button, some small pieces of the glass have chipped away. Luckily there are no sharp edges, but appearance-wise it's a bit annoying.<br/><br/>I will say that it was UNBELIEVABLY easy to apply and left absolutely NO trapped bubbles or dirt, so that's a huge plus. It's less durable than I expected but does seem to be doing the job of protecting the phone itself, so it's functional but not pretty.
 Despite the low price tag I bought this product with high hopes as I was pretty impressed from all the reviews. I excitedly installed it on my phone but to my grave disappointment, the screen doesn't stick on all the way, especially around the edges. This means there are raised marks on the edges of the screen protector because for whatever reason it isn't fully pressed onto the iPhone screen. I tried everything - I tried swiping a card on it to get the edges, and ended up even pressing my screen with maximum force but it's all no use. Not only does it look bad with the raised edges, I'm sincerely concerned if I drop this, the raised screen is going to maximize any cracks on the screen as I've heard it does that when a protector isn't fully on. I'm extremely disappointed with the product as I have never ever come across such a poorly designed screen protector, even ones with a similar price tag. I would like a full refund.
 I like how the screen protector fits perfectly onto the iPhone, and also the comprehensive installation kit.  I actually kept the original Apple-applied film on my iPhone 8 until I was ready to put this screen protector on so I didn't have much dirt or dust to clean off.  Once installed, I found that only a feather-light touch is needed to operate the touch screen functions.  The protector also appears to have been treated to resist fingerprints, because I do not see any on it.<br/><br/>But I took away one star because despite it being a brand-new, just-got-the-film-off, perfect and cleaned iPhone, there are still bubbles along one edge.  Not large and not deep but they cropped up a day or two after installation.  I don't know if I happened to get a phone that wasn't perfectly flat or what.  Also, during installation there was an enormous amount of bubble under the protector and it took quite a bit more force to remove them than the thin cardboard gadget could apply.  I had to press hard with my fingers to squeeze them out.<br/><br/>Bottom line, it seems a good product and I'm happy with it.  Recommended!
 Review for my iPhone 6S and the amFilm screen protector.<br/><br/>The screen unfortunately seems like every other screen from across the pacific pond. We had purchased this one and then sent it back. It's almost like the screen protector, when cut, was curved on the edges and there's not enough glue/sticky backing to stay firm around the phone's edges.  And to add further frustration, the wipes that came with it left streaks on the screen from the wet wipe solution.<br/><br/>I am confident the edges will catch a finger nail and start to lift at some point and/or crack and break. Also, the raised edges will definitely catch dirt.  I added a picture to show the results. The picture is exactly the same with same results as another competitor!<br/><br/>Glass half full: every 9H screen protector is, at least, marginally better than built-in plastic screen protectors (like otterbox) that will def scratch with keys in the pocket. So, there's one more star.<br/><br/>* Not paid for any review. Bought the 2 pack like every other iPhone owner and was hoping it would be good. Sigh...the hunt continues.
 I like the screen saver and gave it 5 Stars, but it almost was a loser for me.  The tabs that have been added to make imstallation easier made it much harder for me.  I find it easier and more accurate to hold the saver edges.  I can align it in a much more exacting way.  I tried using the hanging tabs and found the thing swaying and impossible to align for me.  So I had to take the saver off the screen and try again.  Now I have a bubble. Try using the tabs, Before you take the plastic off, to see if you can align it accurately.  Also wish some company would make a full screen saver for the new slightly curved screens.  I see dirt and potential scratches to my phone coming.
 Although I've contacted the vendor regarding their lifetime warranty and had a replacement sent out to me fairly recently, I opted to purchase another 2 pack when Amazon had this package as a "Daily Deal" just to have some spares on hand.<br/><br/>Here's the distinguishing characteristics of why I picked this product over their competitors.<br/><br/>- Glass protector has an opening for the iPhone camera.  I'm sure those protectors covering the camera are find but I wanted to take pictures without an artificial covering over the the camera lens.<br/>- Fit and finish: having bought other screen protectors from the same vendor, I was reasonably confident that their protectors are high quality and fit well with my iPhone, Galaxy Tab, etc..<br/>- Warranty: most vendors have a lifetime warranty on their protectors.  I can tell you firsthand that they do respond to warranty inquiries in a timely manner.<br/>- Finally, it's a great value for the price and comes in a 2 pack in case you accidentally mess up with the first one!
 Love these screen protectors. Even better than how awesome they are and affordable too is that just like the expensive ones we used to buy these also come with all the cleaning supplies to prep your screen before applying your new screen protector. These are also cheaper to buy than even the replacement screens were on the expensive ones with the replacement guarantee from the cellular store and these have 2 day shipping with Prime. My husband actually had to replace his via his guarantee around the time I ordered these for my phone and he was pretty jealous as he said he actually thought mine was nicer and because they are so affordable and easy to purchase we can replace them every time we get any Knick or crack in the screen protector to make sure our phone is protected as best possible. So glad we found these. Totally a favorite product and one I recommend to others.
 I almost never review things and only do so when I think they’re really good products (hence, my 5 star rating for the things I review).  This is the second time ordering this.  First one got cracked after I dropped my iPhone.  Was happy that it did what it was supposed to do in protecting my iPhone screen.  No scratches or cracks.  The protector itself is full glass and is very thick for a screen protector.  It’s really stiff so you won’t get the normal bubbles that you get with cheap plastic ones.  The instructions recommend doing this in the bathroom with hot water running to create steam to avoid dust particles.  I’ve done this twice now and still had a dust particle.  But that’s not the screen protector’s fault and was just because I had dust around.  There were no bubbles otherwise so can’t complain.<br/><br/>There are two in here so you have a backup.  Mine went to my wife’s phone the first time around and will be given to her if she cracks hers.  The glass protector is slightly smaller than the actual iPhone screen, which might bother some.  I’m fine with it because I use a case as well so it’s basically fully protected.  Case in point:  My first screen protector got chipped on the edge but there was no damage to the screen.<br/><br/>Just be careful, though.  Once you get it on, there is no way of getting it off without breaking it.
 Extremely easy to install, protects my iPhone 6s screen very well. Does NOT limit any 3D Touch features. Poor user application does not equal an inferior product.<br/><br/>I'm not sure if the other reviewers actually know that the protector is NOT going to cover edge to edge on the 6s but griping about that as a negative falsely misleads others as something that doesn't work- like I nearly thought. Read the directions FIRST before you put factually baseless reviews that others read and could be missing out on inexpensive good screen protection.<br/><br/>With my previous iPhones and the screen "sticker" like protectors I'd have to wrestle to apply and then have bubbles after that. This product allows me to access to the 3D Touch features.<br/><br/>In my personal experience and opinion, the ease of application combined with superior screen protection make this product worth a much higher price than I paid for it. I highly recommend anyone looking to buy a screen protector to purchase this.<br/><br/>Saved my new phone from several drops already. My product came as advertised and in perfect condition.<br/><br/>Read the directions when applying, understand that the protector is not advertised to cover edge to edge and will not on the iPhone 6s and hopefully you can install it easily as my experience was.
 These are absolutely incredible. I was a bit skeptical when I got these screen protectors - not because I did not think it was a good product necessarily, but the price (at the time of purchase, 2-pack for $8) was quite low and I just was not sure great quality could be had at that price. I had tried a glass screen protector previously that was very expensive and did not fit with my slim case well and so I was using a 2 year old, smudge-proof Moshi screen protector that was just about falling apart. The Moshi ran about $20 and it really dimmed the screen so I wanted to give these a try. These fit almost perfectly with the actual illuminated part of the screen, meaning they will probably fit with just about any case that does not also cover the screen and work very well with the curved iPhone screen. The look is amazing - they let through the brilliant display of the iPhone and the glass feel is just like having no protector on at all. Besides scratch protection, I like screen protector so that I am not constantly wiping oily smudges off of the screen, Much to my surprise, these do not smudge hardly at all. I expect these to last a long time, but even if they wear, scratch or even crack, I will be more than happy to order two more replacements for the low price offered. I am very pleased with this product.
 Got new iPhones and bought this product for both my husband and I; more so for him since he has a bad habit of dropping his phone. I suppose a true star rating would be how it protects his iPhone after a drop. Rating it now would only be on looks, feel and usability.<br/><br/>It’s pretty thin and clear and it does not hinder any touch actions to the screen. Be mindful that it does not cover the entire face of the phone like I’m used to but just the screen portion itself, so if this will bother you, as it did me at first, then consider another product. Other than that, I’ve had no issues.<br/><br/>It was super easy to put on. If your phone is not new out the box, I would suggest giving your screen a good cleaning with the cleaning wipes and little cloth that comes with the products.
 I love this screen protector; you get two so if you crack one you don't have to wait for a new one.  The installation was the easiest I've ever had for a screen protector and the cost can't be beat.  I've had more expensive ones however, when they cracked I had to wait for the new one.  With this set I have a new one at the ready (not that I'm planning on dropping my phone but it's always a possibility).  I had another kind for my new iphone 8 and had issues installing and it never quite covered the edges.  Also I love the hole for the camera.  A nice touch!
 I had been using a case with a built in screen protector on my iPhone 6. While I loved that case I found the screen protector a bit of a nuisance because the phone didn't always catch my selection. I've switched cases and purchased this protector from TechMatte. I was so impressed with the ease of positioning the protector. I even wiggled while placing and had to lift and make an adjustment. This created a few bubbles that I was easily able to remove with the card provided. The screen protector is very smooth so now I am able to quickly select and type away. My phone gets quite a bit of abuse. It's often in my jeans pocket or the bottom of a handbag where everything else is tumbling around. I have had no issues with lint or gunk getting caught along the edge of the screen protector. No scratches either and fingerprints wipe right off. So I think this product is a winner.
 I bought the screen protector for my new phone, the package contains two. I used both of them for my phones.<br/>Two days later my phone fell from my hands to a concrete floor. When I picked it up, I saw the scratched screen and I thought what was damaged?<br/>I took it to the store and they replaced it with another one. Without the Techmatte screen saver, my phone could had been broken into pieces. I'm ordering a new set. I am takig time for this review,  because the reviews are very important for me when I need to  purchase somethig. Very good product, Congrats! Just to complete my review; outstanding customer service, no qustions ask. Is the type of company you want to do business with, I am already hookup with this product. Frankly is just good, so just get it.You can't get any better for this price. Very satisfy.
 For a 2 pack of glass screen protectors, it’s hard to beat this value. It’s not the best quality glass protectors out there but it has worked fine for me. Easy to install, just be sure to clean your screen as thoroughly as possible first, &amp; no bubbles initially. I ended up having a bubble on the edge later but it’s not a big deal for this price. It feels just like the factory screen &amp; haven’t had issues with any features being affected. It will scratch as you use it but that’s to be expected imo. I would rate it much lower if the price was comparable to the higher priced products available but bc it’s inexpensive &amp; you get 2...4 stars is accurate.
 I just ordered my second or third pack of these, and I still love them. The screen is still very responsive with perfectly clear visibility with the protector on. You can see the edge of the screen protector right around the edge of the phone but it's totally worth the durability of the product. I had an iPhone 6 and I dropped it RIGHT on a pointed rock right in the middle of the screen face down... I picked it up and saw the damage and thought it made it had to have made it through to my screen for sure. I pulled the protector away and my screen was perfectly fine!! Very happy customer. Fast forward to two weeks ago. I have my new iPhone 7 and have the same type of protector as my last phone. I was camping and my daughter straight threw my phone on the rocky ground. I picked it up and there was a crack from one corner all the way down. MY mom even saw it and said, "Oh no, your screen is cracked." I lifted the protector off and, screen... good as new!! (I attached a pic of the cracked screen protector, NO damage to my phone screen!) Needless to say, I ordered another pack and just put it on today. Great, easy to use instructions with screen cleaners and dust removers so you can install them perfectly with a little delicacy to keep bubbles out. It looks good as new again and I just felt compelled to rave about the product for those of you who are interested and need a good, trusted, quality screen protector!! Highly recommend. I made my husband get a pack too. He works with his phone a lot and have never had any screen damage. He's still on his first pack... but if he needs a new one, this will definitely be the brand again!
 I love the Screen Protector for my IPhone 8.  The phone is so beautiful I did not want to put it a bulky Otter box enclosure of other protectors.  I hope I never have to test it for it's endurance.  So far, upon applying I got almost 0 bubbles and those bubbles are unnoticeable.  I just followed the directions using the guide included to press out the bubbles.  If I had not been in such a hurry I may have had no bubbles..
 This is a great product backed up by terrific service at a great price. I had the glass protector installed with a terrific case (Spigen) for my 6S. I dropped the phone which landed face first on asphalt. True to its purpose the glass protector cracked but the iPhone glass was fine. Can't recommend this enough. If you buy a case don't think your cell phone glass is safe. You need a glass protector as well. Frankly, you guys should strike a deal with a phone case company like Spigen to come delivered with the case.<br/><br/>I am now writing a year later. We upgraded to new phones and the first thing I did was to purchase this product again. It comes with very simple, clear instructions, everything you need to apply the glass, and lots of helpful hints as to how to get the best application possible. 2 glass screens are included, which was perfect for my wife and I.  So often I have found inexpensive products have no customer service or could care less since the cost to replace is so minimal. Not TechMatte. You get the feeling from their literature and their 100% satisfaction guarantee that this is a high end product. I can get my glass on my iPhone for $75 outside of warranty.  Compare that to the price of this product!  Also if you go full term with your phone, you get  a higher trade-in if it is in great condition.
 I love your product.  All 4 phones (2 Iphone, 2 Pixel-XL) and 3 tablets in my family are protected by your products.  I do not have any issue with quality or price.  Your screen protectors have literally saved me from having to replace screens on my daughter's cell phone in particular at least 5 times.  I've had to replace her screen protector almost monthly, but the cost is minimal compared to screen replacements so I don't invoke the warranty.  I really don't know how she messes up her protector so much, but I am happy it's there for sure.  Just last week she came home from college with a mangled protector and I was 'out of stock' on yours so she had to go to a carrier store and pay $25.00 for an inferior product.  Thus I bought 2 units of 2 protectors from you to send back with her next trip.  Thanks for pricing your product so attractively compared to the carriers stores.
 So, we have used Zagg for several years and I am constantly sending them In for replacement.  My screen cover always chips on the upper right corner so i thought why not?  It doesn’t matter if it’s a expensive zagg cover, it still cracks within days.  I have had at least a dozen of the others over the past several phone styles... this one actually has lasted the longest!  It went on flawless.  It didn’t chip in the first two days and it still looks new and is about 18mths old.  I never had to replace it for the duration of the phone.  I will upgrade my phone soon, so it will be time to get a new one.  I sure hope they have the new size because I will defiantly want to grab another one of these!  Great job, great product!
 These offer legit protection for your iPhone. I was scared to take my phone from the otter box because of the protection it offers but I wanted a better looking case. Dropped my iPhone on concrete and the screen protector cracked not my phone. I like that this is a two pack so I replaced the cracked one with a new one.<br/><br/>Update December 2017<br/><br/>I ended up purchasing a second box of these because I hate to see cracks. Once again when I removed the protection film off my phone I had no cracks with the actual screen itself. I think the only downside is that I will need to keep buying them because once I get a crack in the the film I remove the film and place a new one on. Each film (sheet/screen cover) last me about a month or two because I seem to drop my phone frequently
 This glass protector is absolutely perfect. I spent hours one day going through the multitude of screen protectors for iPhones. It was like searching for a needle in a haystack. Most of them had bad reviews that said the protector didn't go all the way across the LCD portion of the screen or that it bubbles around the edges. But this one? None of that is happening. I am extremely pleased with this protector. It is case friendly and reaches all these way to the edge of the LCD portion of the screen. When installed perfectly, it blends in perfectly. I have always used the vinyl kind of protectors and those are just ok. I finally switched to glass and I couldn't be happier.<br/><br/>Installation: couldn't. Be. Easier. A trained monkey could do this install. Everything is numbered and the company even sends you an email that has a video attached to use as a reference. It's got two wings at the top and bottom of the screen to allow you to hold it without getting your grubby paws all over the sticky side of the screen. Then all you need to do is line it up and lay it down. Once I put mine on the screen it was like a suction cup that sucked flat to my screen. Within seconds I had no bubbles and no creases or cat hair under the screen.<br/><br/>I've had my protector on for a week now and it is still working flawlessly. My last glass screen protector did not feel like this one. This one has beveled edges so it feels very nice around the edges. Not sharp and doesn't feel like it is standing off the phone. Overall, I absolutely love it. I would definitely buy it again. I recommended it to my brother and be bought a pack as well. I am glad I bought a two pack so I can install the second one on my wife's phone as well.
 Well thought out product. Set of two so you can have a backup. Set is complete with wipes for both screens, excellent packaging and instructions.<br/><br/>Installation tabs are smart idea allowing for easy clean application to device. Screen protectors magically adhere on contact. Use the tool they give you or a credit card to squeeze out any bubbles. I had two that came right out.<br/><br/>Rated 9 on hardness. High optical quality crystal clear. Old protector was a little yellow and not as clear but did save my screen.<br/><br/>You can update your phone with a fresh protector. Just peel off the old one. It takes about 10 minutes if you take your time and wash your hands before you start. I telling my friends to replace their screen protector for the new year.
 I was a bit hesitant about buying these because they were so inexpensive. Other companies are out there charging over $20 for some tempered glass screen protectors so I figured those were better quality. But these were highly rated so I took a chance and I am SO glad I did. At first there were operator error issues and I ended up wasting one trying to put it on. That was my fault, not the instructions. Luckily it's a two pack! So the second time I followed the instructions and it was applied perfectly. I waited on writing a review until I had the screen protector on for awhile or when it would finally demonstrate its use. Well the other day I dropped my phone on a railing at an angle and the screen protector chipped but did not crack. I panicked because I was scared my phone screen had chipped too, so I quickly peeled it back but my phone was completed unharmed. Not even a scratch. The downside is, when I tore off the screen protector, I ended up cracking it. Word to the wise, once these are on they can't come off without cracking and they won't hold the adhesive if they're peeled back. But as long as you don't mess with it once it's on, it's a GREAT screen protector and it works. But since I now wasted my second one, I have to buy a new one but that's where the reasonable price comes in. Excited for my order to come in, I highly recommend these and will definitely purchase them in the future!
 A really good glass screen protector. I haven't experienced any cracking so far. The application is very easy and bubble free. The hardest thing is to get rid of lint, I would recommend using either scotch tape or supplied dust removal tape, or a quality microfiber cloth such as magicfiber. The fact that you get two screen protectors for the price is a great deal. The only con I can say for the case is there will be a small edge around the screen protector where you can see it's not adhered fully to the screen, it's not bad and I can only assume it's because of the curved screen of the phone.<br/><br/>UPDATE: I got another set of protectors because the old one cracked when I dropped the phone. Well, the installation of the new protectors didn't go so well, but they were willing to kindly send me out replacements. This is what all companies should operate like. Great product, great seller. Buy it.
 I had a glass screen protector for my 6s from a different manufacturer, that one was good, but it means I knew what it would be like.  When I got this one for our new iPhone 7's, I actually like it better.  It has convenient handles for lining it up, making it much easier to put on than other ones.  I had both on our new phones in a matter of minutes and it sticks exactly the way I expect. No bubbles or white around the edges after one day.<br/><br/>Remember, the protector does not cover the whole screen. But it covers enough to protect it.  I am quite satisfied.<br/><br/>UPDATE: these have been doing their jobs. We’ve dropped our phones a few times in two years and these have cracked but seemed to have prevented the screen from getting damaged.  I’ve purchased this exact product three times now, and it continues to go on easily and maintain the same quality level.  Still 5 stars since I can rely on these.
 Really disappointed. I have purchased these before and they were a good product. Recently purchased 4 new phones so I ordered more. One of the glass protectors wouldn’t even take to the phone. Another lasted about a month and it started peeling off of the phone. I don’t know  if the material changed or if we just got a bad batch but super disappointed.<br/><br/>Updated<br/><br/>After my review I was contacted directly by the seller who promptly sent a warranty claim to replace both our defective screens. I can’t remember if the screens were from the same package or separate. Anyway, the replacements have been great and the customer service was easy. Since this was my first issue with these screens and I’ve previously been very satisfied I put it back at five stars.
 I know that glass screen protectors work, because my iPhone 7 fell and the protector kept the actual screen from breaking.<br/>So when I got my new iPhone 8, I knew that having a screen protector was essential. The place where I bought my iPhone 7 put on the protector when I purchased the phone, and I was thinking I'd have to go back there to get one put on my 8. Then I saw the TechMatte product on Amazon and decided to do it myself. It was super easy to put on the protector glass with very helpful instructions to follow, and I highly recommend this product to anybody who does not want to risk breaking (and paying for) the original glass screen on your phone.
 Ugh, these things catch so much lint! I noticed it comes with a few stickers to remove the lint after I completely ruined the 1st screen protector. I wish the kit came with more protectors instead of 2. Make sure to position the protector PERFECTLY OVER the phone screen BEFORE allowing the protector to TOUCH the phone. I failed to do so and when I tried to do it again, an edge slightly chipped off as I tried to lift from the corner. Be careful and avoid lifting the protector more than 2 times, since it will lose the adhesive. I had to firmly press a corner for a couple minutes to completely seal it. I worked at Radio Shack as a wireless consultant, so I am very familiar putting screen protectors on, but this one challenged me. I have the iPhone 7 and the protector doesn't go all the way to the edge of the screen as it will lift. But once I got it on perfectly, I was happy with it.
 This is my favorite screen protector!  I had bought two brands at the same time awhile back and loved one over the other and couldn’t remember which one was which. I ended up ordering the other brand a couple more times and being disappointed. I finally reordered this one and knew as soon as I started using it that this was the one!  It wa seats to install, the picture is clear with no glare and most importantly for me is it always looks new and clear with no smudges!  My makeup and fingerprints always make smudges but with this one just a little smudging occurs once in awhile but wipes off quickly, easily, and completely!  Will definitely stick with this one from now on!
 I recommend the idea of using glass to protect your screen instead of a cheap plastic or something like that. I used the first protection screen for a loooong time and every time I dropped my phone the screen did a perfect job of protecting my phone. The screen protection would crack but once I take off the protection my phone was perfectly fine. However when I went to replace the first screen with the second one there seems to be a lack of stickiness in the right bottom corner of the new projection screen.<br/>I tried to clear it out like another air bubble but it didn't work. I am ordering another set because the first screen worked so well, and for so long. Hopefully that second one was just a fluke.
 I’ve used these prior to this purchase and they have been great. I bought another pack, and knowing how tricky to avoid dust becoming introduced I took all precautions and laid the protector on perfectly with no dust! Very happy with that.<br/><br/>What I’m not happy with is that since I applied them so meticulously the ashes failed to adhere on two of the corners and 1/4 of one side on the phone.<br/><br/>I laid weights on the protector for 2 days and the edges although they seemed to have adhered, slowly came unstuck in the same spots.<br/><br/>I used all the recommended cleaners that came with the kit so idk - kinda sucks that it’s not perfect....
 This is my second order to the TechMatte screen protectors. First one was for my phone IPhone 7. It is a 2 pack. First one I didn't get the screen clean enough and had some dust on the screen. Had to throw that one away. The second one which is on my phone now has a couple of small bubbles but is at the edge that I just can not make them go away. Since it's not really in the viewing area I am not to much worried about it. Then my wife and son purchased the IPhone 6 during Black Friday.<br/><br/>So I ordered another pack of the screen protectors. Well the first one I installed on my wife's phone and took my time and made sure the screen was good an clean (good lighting really helps) and had prefect installation. Could not be happier. Then with more confidence I started to install the second one on my son's phone and right after I peeled the back off the screen protector I dropped it. Oh well I installed it anyway and of course there is dirt/dust stuck to it. I will be ordering another set of these because these are great. Just need to take it slow and good lighting and these protect the screen very well. I was really surprised how you really don't know it's there after you install it on your phone.
 About a year ago, I purchased this after I shattered my phone screen and had to replace my phone. Admittedly, I try to be very careful with my phone yet it does go into my purse with my keys but I never have had any noticeable scratches on it. Recently, I dropped it twice in one weekend (go me) and chipped the protector in a different place each time. There were radiating cracks from these chips but the actual screen was undamaged. Thank goodness this is a 2 pack! I've got the new protector on and I'm ordering another set in case something like this happens again.'<br/><br/>I did see in a few of the reviews that people commented that they still got scratches on their protector. I would advise to keep in mind that "scratch resistant" is NOT the same as "scratch proof." So, exercise caution.<br/><br/>An excellent product and highly recommended.
 I bought this nearly 2 years ago for my wife's iPhone 7. She's not the most careful with her phone and tends to drop it quite a bit, so I purchased this screen protector and a hard case.<br/><br/>Fast forward to now (2 years later) and her screen looked to have cracks and be severely damaged. I intended to take the phone to get the screen repaired and when I took it out of the hard case I saw the screen protector on it and remembered we had put it on. I peeled it off expecting to throw it away and have to replace the screen but to my surprise the screen is flawless. The protector took all of the damage and completely protected the screen.<br/><br/>I'm buying a new one right now to replace the old one. This protector is so clear and smooth that we didn't even know it was on the phone! Definitely a quality product.
 I m so happy to find this product, it’s really are the best quality u can get . I don’t know how many time my hubby drop his phone, since we got this glass amfilm for his iPhone .<br/>He already broke his phone before, and we didn’t have very bad quality one that we got in somewhere else , and did broke .<br/>So now I decide to get him from somewhere else so we can see if will last longer and don’t break as easy like the other products did .<br/>And so far this is so much better, I really trust on this product and company .<br/>I did buy 2 one for me cases and each one come with 2 , if in case u break one one day it y will have a extra one , some company they come with one , and the price is really sweet , totally u can afford and will last longer .<br/>I really recommend this company they are very good and fast shipping. I love it .
 I bought a new phone and wanted to put this on first thing.  I always get super nervous about doing these things and usually try to have anyone else do them.  No one was available so I had to put on my big girl pants and do it my self.  Well, guess what?!  I did it and it came out perfect.  Granted I did it right after I pulled the original protective plastic off my phone so there weren't any smudges to clean off or anything like that.  I gave it a quick wipe and used the dust removal stickies to get some random dust and then followed the instructions just as they were written.  I love the finger tabs on each side, it made it so easy to position correctly.  Make sure you press in the middle of the screen first to adhere to ensure you don't get any bubbles in the middle.  I promise, if I can do it you can too!
 This kit comes with 2 protectors.  I applied one right away to my replaced iPhone 6 and was met with some annoying ghosting.  It did not wet out after several days.  I then took a chance with my wife's "new" 6 and found the protector to apply perfectly.  At this point I would leave a 3 start review...good, but not perfect product.  TechMatte does offer a guarantee so I contacted customer service via email and received an immediate response. They asked that I take a picture of the issue so they can assess.  They agreed that it was ghosting and promptly sent me another set.  I finally had a chance to apply it today and can state that perfection has been achieved.  Every phone's glass is slightly different in curvature I suppose thus the variation seen from unit to unit.  I am happy with the product, highly recommend the company for their outstanding service. 5 stars
 Hello!<br/><br/>I payed for this product with my own money. First, the product arrived on time and in perfect condition. When I opened the box, I was very happy and surprised that it came with so many "extras" that I did not know it did. It comes with the two screen protectors, a bubble card, some dust stickers, a instruction book and some alcohol cleaning wipes. The installation was a bit challenging for me since I have never done it before but I was able to do it in around 6 minutes with the help of the video provided in this item description. Mine did end with 4 tiny bubbles but it was completely my fault because I kept messing with it. I really love it! I will do a follow up when my phone falls.
 I drop my phone a lot and have a Spigen case, which has no screen protector, so I bought these. The instructions were very simple to follow and a quick wipe and clean of the screen, with the supplied wet and dry cloths, and I was ready to fix on the screen protector. Simly peel off the adhesive cover and place in position, then rub away any air bubbles. Took me under 2 minutes. I’ve replaced the screens twice now, due to drop damage and the iphone is still in perfect condition 1 year on. There’s no impairment at all to screen sensitivity, even at outer edges. I don’t even notice the cover. A small outlay that’s probably save me $200 in screen repairs already.
 Purchased upon high marks from The Wirecutter. Very easy to apply even for someone with no skills and lots of bubble-making (me). Ignore the comments that it doesn't fit the iPhone 7. The box specifically states that it is "slightly smaller...to prevent lifted edges around the perimeter of the phone." It actually worked out very well. I put on my case and then placed the protector with only a small gap between the edge of the glass and the start of the case.
 I just installed this screen protector on an iPhone 6s.  I cannot speak yet for durability, but installation was the best on most error free I have ever done.  I received two protectors in a box with basic instructions, but it did include alcohol wipes to clean the phone.  The glass protector has a film that allows you to lower the protector onto the phone for precise location (unlike flexible film protectors.)  As I lowered the protector onto the phone the proctor started to adhere itself.  No air bubbles, they all just disappeared.  The key is to start with a very clean phone and a dust free environment.<br/><br/>Time will tell as to whether it protects the screen or lifts around the edges.  I use a cheaper otterbox commuter case.  So far very pleased.
 I went through some clumsiness phase in between when I got my phone and waiting for my case to arrive.  As a result, there was some cracking around the home button and on the upper left hand side of the screen.  Fast forward 11 months later I decided to change the screen protector.  I didn't want to peel it off because I thought my iPhone glass was cracked.  I was very happy to find that it was just the screen protector!  I peeled off the old one and my iPhone was in pristine condition!  I'm happy that I had a second protector, it's just too bad I didn't change it sooner.<br/><br/>Since the protector is very firm itself, it is very easy to install.  The instructions are clear and I have a bubble-free layer of protection.  Great product and I would definitely buy it again.
 Just got this last night and I quickly slapped it on. Well tried to...you need some patience to make sure all of the dust won't get trapped underneath it! Advice: try adhering it in the bathroom with a hot shower going and let the steam help you!<br/><br/>Later that night, after drinking and while waiting for my tacos to come, my phone slipped out of my hands and it fell face down on tile (about 4 feet). My phone was completely fine! Nothing happened to the screen protector or the case or the phone! I'm sure the case helped absorbed some shock too.<br/><br/>So far so good...fingers crossed!
 I bought last year and it has protected my phone really well. I didn't know how well till i tripped because my flip flop and fell with my phone in hand with the screen facing the ground. I caught myself however I felt my screen crack under my hand as it hit the ground to catch my fall. I knew from that sound i not only cracked but broke my first phone ever. NOT!! I looked at my phone and all that crack was the screen protector. THIS IS THE BEST cover I believe is out there. My screen cover literally shattered, webbed all over and my phone was still in mint condition. I faithfully use this screen protector and if your want 150%%% protection get this one. I bought for my Samsung G5. Love it !!
 My second time purchasing these! You get 2 high quality &amp; surprisingly durable screen protectors, along with 2-step cleaning wipes, dust revomal stickers, a card to push out any bubbles, a streak-free cloth, and all pieces are labeled and numbered, so applicantion couldn’t be easier. I replaced my last one after 2 years so I could give my phone a good cleaning after flu season...<br/>It used to take me a pack of 3 flimsy screen protectors to get the installation sort of right (the struggle was real), but these are so rigid and easy to get placement just right, even I get it right the first time. Most importantly, I drop my phone A LOT, yet there’s not a scratch on my screen!!
 The screen protector was easy to apply thanks to the great set of instructions included. When using this product it is important to follow instruction as written. It took only about 15 minutes to complete the installation, this included reading the instructions and then following them as I did the install. Everything worked as described and I ended up with a perfect screen protector  with no bubbles. You can't even tell it's on unless you look very closely at the edges. I only gave four stares for durability because I've only been using it a few weeks. So far no scratches but I think it takes a longer time to really tell how durable it is. Would definitely purchase again when I need another screen protector.
 Read the directions, use the items they give you (wet AND dry cloths included!). I did mine at work in 4 minutes. Do it in the place you know has the least dust, that's your enemy with all of these. They give you all the tools, and the protector glass has big plastic tabs so you can make sure you get the glass on the right spot. I lined up my speaker and my front facing camera hole, and applied it down to my home button. Perfect execution. Then, leave the top protector on and use your thumbnail or the included cardboard to massage out any bubbles. Lastly, work you nail around any edges to make sure the perimeters are secured to your phone face. It also hides some minor scratches I already on the screen.<br/><br/>If I had found that dust got on the phone glass IN BETWEEN cleaning and applying the protector, I would have peeled it off and tossed it. You can't fix that, and it won't be the companies fault, sorry. Dust is indicated by a bubble that you cannot remove. I'm kind of a perfectionist though, so the 1/2 mm bubble that a dust particle might cause probably doesn't bother most. And you don't see dust when the screen is on. Either way, they give you 2! So that's cool if you need a second chance!!!
 I ruined the first film trying to install it, but once I realized what I'd done wrong, the second film was a piece of cake.  I suggest going on youtube (or whatever) and searching for amFilm installation video just to make sure you're doing it right.<br/><br/>Having said that, once installed, it's been nearly flawless (after a year or so, there's now a little crease in one corner, and I have no idea how it got there, but it doesn't bother me).  It absorbs all those little scrapes and scars that the Gorilla Glass of my phone would get from getting stuffed into pockets with my keys etc.<br/><br/>When I get my next phone, I will be ordering another one of these at the same time.  No hesitation there.
 Although I watched the video multiple times prior to installation and also followed the written instructions during installation, I was unable to obtain a bubble-free installation.  After applying a second screen protector, I had far less bubbles (only one bubble on second installation versus four bubbles on the first installation), but it was still not a bubble-free installation as expected.  I assume after having  several installations completed, eventually installation will be bubble-free, but I'm not willing to invest the money to purchase more amFilm screen protectors to achieve a zero bubble install as advertised.
 I’m absolutely in awe with this seemingly cheap protector. A couple days ago my toddler dropped my phone face down on pavers and as I saw pieces of glass on the top of my phone I thought that was it for my screen... I went around for 2 days thinking my phone was cracked and complained about how this was the first time I purchased a cheapy protector... then sitting at work, I had a random thought to just double check the screen and see how bad it is then I started to chip away at the pieces of glass on the top of the phone and I realized that it seemed to be peeling and coming from the protector so lo and behold i peeled the cover back slightly and to my amazement the screen was in perfect condition underneath! It seems the screen protector took the whole impact and shattered instead of my phone!!! I’m so impressed with this screen protector I will def be repurchasing a new one!!
 This glass screen protector is very slick to the touch and resists finger prints as advertised.  I was very pleased with the installation kit which has everything you need to get a good, dust-free installation.  Screen feel and touch response is no different than when I used the phone without the screen protector.<br/><br/>The only problem with this product is that it does not cover the entire screen of my iPhone 7.  Close, but not quite.  If they had only made it a few millimeters longer and wider, it would have fit great.  Not sure why they made it this way.  Still a good screen protector overall, though.
 Similar to many college students, I am one of those people who tend to drop my phone and experience that moment of uncertainty and fear  overwhelm me before picking up my phone to see if the simple accident is going to cost me north of $100 or just feeling blessed my screen survived.<br/><br/>As a crucial aspect of my everyday life, from checking the weather before even getting out of bed in the morning to emailing professors and editing assignments, I want to ensure that my phone is protected. When it comes to screen protectors, I have never tried a PLASTIC screen protector and I never will, simply because most GLASS screen protectors will absorb the shock when a phone is dropped and ensure that only the screen protector gets damaged.<br/><br/>Whether you are a apple employee who has put a million screen protectors on phones or a less tech savvy person who has never done it, installing a screen protector by yourself can be a stressful thing. Maybe it’s not aligned with your phone correctly, or you finish the insulation and realize you are left with pesky air bubbles that you are either forced to live with each day or get a new screen protector. The 7 step installation guide includes pictures and explanations that made installing this screen protector the easiest one I’ve done so far. The 100% satisfaction guarantee and around the clock support team reassured me that I was making the right choice when picking this screen protector. It is a great price for a great value and has made me feel as though I didn’t just purchase another product off the internet, but I got a company’s support to make sure I am satisfied.<br/><br/>Unfortunately the only real way to realize how great the screen protector does it’s job is to see how it does the next time I accidentally drop my phone, but if the product doesn’t meet my expectations I will happy write a new review and suggest that potential buyers avoid this product at all cost.
 I am the library/media specialist at an elementary school. One of my duties is to process all new devices, applying screen protectors is one of those duties. I just finished applying 26 screen protectors before the school year started at the beginning of August. I can tell you that not 1 of my ipads is bubble free :-(  Try as I might, following directions to the letter I have been unable to get them perfect.<br/>So, when I purchased my new iphone and I pad, I wasn't sure which company to choose so I kind of just closed my eyes and pointed. Your product is AMAZING!!! Followed the simple directions and Viola! Not one bubble on either of my devices!!!!!!!<br/>If I could give you more than 5 stars I would give you 10!<br/>Thank you!!!
 I didn’t know I could be so annoyed by something as simple as a screen protector. I needed to replace my old one after it rescued my phone after a fall so I went with this brand because they were highly rated. I’ve never had issues with applying screen protectors before. Somehow my first attempt had such infuriatingly massive bubbles that I figured it was my fault and I would just try the second screen protector since it came in a 2 pack. It also gave me massive bubbles. I followed the instructions exactly as they’re written. I guess I’ll be ordering a screen protector from a different brand now seeing as my phone screen is now a blotchy trainwreck.
 Bought this for my mother's iPhone after buying one for my Samsung Galaxy and my Husbands iPad.<br/>My husband came home from a flight to Florida, fighting mad because TSA broke his iPad. They pulled it out on an inspection and jammed it back, shattering the screen. We were about to head to the apple store for a new iPad when I realized it was only the screen protector that had broken.<br/>It did its job! The iPad was completely unharmed.<br/>We bought another screen protector for it and I'll never use another for any device.<br/>They are so easy to put on, since it isn't flimsy. No bubbles. No scratches through the plastic. Simply amazing.
 I’m very careful with my phone (unlike the rest of my family), so use the thinnest case I can find. Did want to protect screen so purchased these screen savers for first time. Am a little OCD and dreaded the the hassle of finicky installation. Followed the instructions, was disappointed with a couple of small bubbles. These disappeared overnight. Perfect. Then dog walk resulted in rare shirt pocket drop face down on gravel. Could hardly see hairline cracks on screen saver. Used for several weeks before removing to check phone screen for damage. The protector worked perfectly and absorbed the impact, cracked with hairline fractures shown, and zero damage to phone itself. Installed the second screen protector. Flawless. Great product; high praise from a guy with OCD tendencies. Am a believer. Will purchase again. Highly recommend.
 This may come with two screen protectors, but only one set of wet/dry cleaning cloths.  They dry one might be reusable but the wet one is not.  The instructions also do not match the product.  Starting with the capitalization, spelling, and punctuation errors where they mention that "our screen pratector is designed to be slightly smater than the actual screen", it only goes down from there.  They never actually mention that you should wipe the screen with the wet cloth, then the dry, then use the sticker to remove dust.  It also mentions tabs to help position the screen protector so you don't get your finger tips on it.  There are no tabs.  The protector also bubbles on the edges because, while it does not compensate for the curve of the screen, it is also a little too big to not miss the edge while keeping the camera free from obstruction.  I knew there was a gap going into it.  The gap isn't large enough to not cause bubbles on the edges.  It's okay, and not expensive.  And more expensive products aren't great either.  What can you do?
 I purchased these amFilm screen protectors from among the hundreds of other options based on their "Amazon's Choice" recommendation to replace a year-old protector which was beginning to lift around one corner of my iPhone. Application of the amFilm protector was quick, easy and without a bubble in sight. I was impressed with how well it went on and how good it looked once installed. Unfortunately, this screen protector scratches much too easily and within a week was showing multiple scratches whereas my prior protector was pretty much scratch-free during the year I used it. So minus two stars for durability which is why one would buy this product.
 I purchased this glass screen protector for my new iPhone 8 on the advice of the guy who sold it to me. The first one I put on my phone had a tiny (and I do mean tiny) defect in the glass that looked like a speck against dark backgrounds. I reapplied the screen protector a couple of times to make sure it wasn't trapped dust, dirt, or air, but I couldn't get rid of it. Not a big deal, but I knew I would find it distracting, so I took that one off and used the second protector that came in the package. I've been very happy with this product, don't even notice that it's on my phone, so it does not interfere with function in any way, and I'm glad to know I have at least a modicum of protection for the screen on this expensive device.<br/><br/>I did let TechMatte know about my (admittedly small) issue with the first protector, and they responded to my e-mail almost immediately, offering their apologies. They then sent me another package of two screen protectors at no charge since I no longer had a backup, and it arrived so quickly I still hadn't responded to their request to send a photo of the defect in my first one. Unfortunately, I no longer had that screen protector, so I couldn't accommodate them, but I was very impressed with their customer service. I would not hesitate to order from them again, highly recommended.
 **Update**<br/><br/>It did it’s job. I’d dropped my phone probably two dozen times in the year I had this screen protector on and it never broke. It finally did yesterday when I dropped my phone face down in a parking lot. Four simultaneous impact points spiderwebbed a good portion of the right side of the screen. The screen protector came off easily when I remove it to install the second included screen protector and didn’t break or cut me coming off. It came off all in one piece despite how badly it was broken too. The phone screen is completely unharmed. A solid product at a good price!<br/><br/>Fit perfect, east application, no bubbles. Had it on over a month and still looks new. Really impressed!!
 I love it. Fits perfectly, and I feel like it will definitely serves the purpose of protecting my screen. It was a little tricky to put on, as the instructions didn't necessarily mention there is film on both sides of the protector. It fell, and of course accumulated dust. ARGH. Well, other than that, I have a few tiny bubbles, but nothing compared to really screwing it up. And better than a film I'd applied that just started peeling up. I gave the other one to my friend, so hopefully she finds it's pretty awesome, too.<br/><br/>Update, I messed up the 2nd one and true to their policy, I was sent a replacement. That went on smoothly and I continue to LOVE the protection of my screen and the smooth finish it provides.
 Last time I bought a screen protector, it was a thin sheet of some kind of thin, flexible plastic material. Not very durable and protected against scratches only. These are indestructible glass. Well not completely indestructible. I field tested them by dropping from different heights. I could have cracked screen without protection. Both protector and screen survived without damage except the protector developed some splitting around finger print reader over time. Didn’t affect the protection. I’m very happy with price for two pieces and quality of protection.
 Found this product while searching the web for the best screen protectors after looking in the stores and seeing $40 price tags for the same products.  It had one of the best reviews from all the sites I found listing screen protectors recommending the product.  Went straight to amazon and read some of the reviews and I knew I just had to purchase it.  BEST SCREEN PROTECTOR EVER! The video was SO helpful. I just followed it and amazingly watched the screen protector adhere to my new iPhone 8. The price was just ridiculous! And there were two! Amazing product and support after purchase was great.  Checking in with me to see that I was happy and had no problems.  Seriously if you need a screen protector look no further .
 The weight of the tempered glass pulls the glass off of the two installation tabs with the protective lining if you take too long lining up the home button cutout to the mike cutout. After that happens, installation is quite difficult.  My 1st glass attempt, the tabs peeled off the glass and botched the install. My 2nd glass attempt, the tabs started to come off and I used my fingers to align the glass with half-assed results. There were two corner areas that would not adhere (because of my fingers I would guess). Overall, the clearness of the glass is excellent. If it wasn't for the tabs pulling off to soon, I'd give it 5 stars.
 I bought a new iphone 8 so needed new glass screen protector. drop it one time, cracked. the only good thing about this brand is that its cheap, so you get 2 glass screen protector in a box. you probably need it too. i removed the cracked one, put on the second one. to me dropping it one time already cracking is not good. i have used other screen protector before and it does not crack only one drop, so the material and the quaility wise i don't recommend. price wise is a good deal, dont get me wrong, my phone screen is intact, only the screen protector glass is done. i might be a little too picky but going off by this review i need to be.
 The screen protector works perfect and definitely has done its job in protecting my phone's screen. The staff was helpful by sending me another package when I received my first screen protectors cracked. Do recommend this product to anyone who is indecisive if to buy or not.<br/><br/>Update:<br/>After some extensive use of the screen it has proven to be a  protect. I have dropped my phone many times and the screen is still attached with very little to minimum damages on the edges of the screen. The scratch resistance is very high as well. I have had my phone in my pocket with my car keys and other objects that could scratch the screen and there are no scratches on the screen. The set up is very easy and the equipment it comes with allows for complete removal of dust to prevent bubbles. .
 Tempered glass screen protectors are a must, in my own opinion. I bought one when I got a screen protector at the Verizon store when I bought my phone, but they charged around $15 - 20 (don't remember the exact price) to install the screen protector. But drop my phone every day on any type of surface--gravel, tiles, hardwood floors, you name it--so the screen protector that I had cracked, and I wanted to get a new one. So I got this!<br/><br/>Comes in a pack, and clear instructions. :)<br/><br/>I had a 5s before my new iPhone 7, and I purchased the screen protectors from the same group as well.
 This tempered glass screen protector has saved my iPhone 7 multiple times from accidental drops.  The screen protector has cracked but each time my phone screen was protected from damage.  This product was easier to install than previous screen protectors that I have used in the past.  The instructions were clearly written. An added bonus was that each package has 2 screen protectors.  I broke my 2nd protector after almost 2 years so I decided I  would contact customer service and see if they would honor the "lifetime warranty."  To my surprise, customer service responded to me within a few hours and told me that after receiving a picture of my broken screen protector, a free replacement would be shipped within 3 to 5 days.  No additional questions asked! I wish all companies backed their products so well!  I highly recommend this product and will buy all of my future screen protectors from this company!
 This is the second time that I have purchased this screen protector and I absolutely swear by them. I dropped my phone between the seat of our power reclining sofa and without realizing it close the foot rest. When I pulled my phone out I was devastated as I saw a huge crack. I was certian I had cracked my screen. My husband took the phone and carefully removed the screen protector to reveal my phone was in perfect condition with no cracks to the screen. I could not believe it and was thankful and just amazed.  I recommend this product now to everyone!
 This screen protector saved my phone!  My nearly new iPhone fell out of my back pocket (not sure how it happened as it's never happened before) and when I picked it up I was horrified to see two cracks in the screen with little lines slowly spreading across the screen. However, when I peeled off this tempered glass screen protector to assess the damage and assuming I'd need to go to the Apple store, I was relieved to see that the screen protector was the only thing that was cracked.  Just as described it took all the impact and the screen of my phone didn't have a scratch on it.  Since this was sold as a two pack I was able to easily put another one on as soon as I got home.  I immediately then ordered a few more packs so I could put them on my husband's phone and my kids phones and keep a few extra around just in case.  This was so much cheaper than paying Apple or any of the other screen repair stores to fix my screen.  The pack comes with a wet wipe and a dry wipe to ensure you have a clean dry surface to apply the protector to.  It also has dust remover stickers and a card to make application easy and ensure no air bubbles exist.  Honestly, the hardest part of applying this screen cover was making sure I had the holes for the home button and speaker aligned.  Great price, great product, fast delivery.....I couldn't be happier!
 I bought this product for my first screen protector and couldn’t understand why people who I met complained about bubbles in their screen protector. It just seemed easy.  Eventually I needed another back and bought a different brand and I realized what other people were complaining about... two more disastrous brands of screen protectors later, I rebought these and their PERFECT.  I’ll never buy from another company.  No bubble issues, installation is a breeze, easy to reposition, and I can drop my phone a hundred times with zero damage to the screen.
 A must-have accessory for your iPhone! If you've ever dropped your phone and developed a small crack, you will wish you had one of these on. Basically the way they work is that when (not IF! This happens to everyone :) you drop your phone, you will crack the cheap screen protector instead of your expensive screen.<br/><br/>When you have this phone you really can't even tell it's on there except that you have a little less anxiety when holding your beloved device. :)<br/><br/>Good, simple, high quality product with fast shipping!
 Purchased this screen protector glass for my new iPhone 7 last November.  The other day I dropped my phone while removing it from my pocket, about 3 feet off the ground.  The phone landed face down a a jagged 3/8" piece of limestone that was on an asphalt driveway.  The impact point was on the edge of the protector glass.  You can see the results of the impact in the attached photo.  Replaced the broken protector glass with the second one that came with the original, 2 pack.  When I removed the broken protector glass, the face of the phone looked like the day I purchased it.  I have a case on the phone which did not help because of the size of the stone and the point of impact.  Screen protector did its job!
 I found this on Amazon while looking for a cover to protect my iPhone. I was given a link to watch a video on how to apply the cover sheet but unfortunately, it did not work. However, I followed the instructions (inside the sleeve) to the “T” and I was able to apply it to the screen on my phone without any difficulty. I was pleased with the price too. I feel better that my screen is protected and the amFilm is strong and sturdy and so far...no scratches on my phone. I am very pleased with my purchase and it does what it is supposed to do. I would recommend this product rather than spending a lot for a screen protector from Apple which costs at least $35.00.
 If you are in the market for this type of screen protector, please give this product/seller a try. They have phenomenal customer service! Their product has saved my phone so many times! My kids get a hold of it and drop it constantly. I have only taken them up on the warranty twice in the several times I've purchased this item because let's be honest, it's not their fault and I feel guilty asking a company to keep replacing it.  But I love that they offer it because it just shows how well made their product is and how much they stand by it. Also, the kit to apply the protector offers so much to assist you. I love that it comes with the wet and dry wipes, a cloth, a smoothing board, lint stickers and enough for both screen protectors. It's literally everything you need and is super easy to apply. It's affordable and works fantastic! Why look any further???
 Love love love their products. My last one lasted for about 3 years and after droppenig my phone quiet frequently over the years it did finally crack a couple weeks ago. I was shocked when I saw the crack. My husband swore that my actually phone screen broke. I told him that the product is amazing and believed my actual phone screen didn’t crack. I took off the broken glass screen protector and TA DA - it looked brand new.:) If you look for a screen protector for a phone don’t look any further. But this product and will safe you money in the future.<br/>By the way the company doesnr just offer a WONDERFUL PRODUCT but also has AMAZING CUSTUMER SERVICE as well.
 Great product at a great price. It was so easy to put on because it has two tabs to hold it by while your positioning it. I’ve never bought a screen protector that was designed like that. It made all the difference! I didn’t feel I had to hurry and stick it on it. That makes it so many much easier to align it. I did get 2 tiny dust specks under it but that’s not the product’s fault. Next time I’ll follow the advice on the package and put it on in a steamy room. I just hope it protects as well as the last one I had. I dropped my phone several times. Cracked the glass protector but not my screen. I’m sure it saved me a lot of time and hassle.
 I have bought this product at least three times for myself and many more for friends and family. For the money, there is no better screen protector out there-glass, film-type, or whatever else. Installation is easy and the package includes all of the cleaning materials you need to get your screen spotless before applying the glass. There is a cutout for the front-facing camera so it is not affected by the protector. There is also a cutout for the home button that has a beveled edge where it is comfortable to use all the time and doesn't interfere with the fingerprint sensor.<br/><br/>The quality of the glass is also exceptional. I prefer using my phone with this on it instead of bare. It is much less prone to getting greasy with regular use and if you have a case, it's raised profile allows it to get clean in your pocket unlike the bare screen. On top of that, it makes the 3D touch on my 6S much more tolerable. Without the protector, I find myself accidentally triggering 3D touch. This product makes 3D touch more deliberate and friendly to use.<br/><br/>I never write reviews for products that have a bunch already, but this one deserves it.
 Update (October 2018)<br/>----------<br/>I'm about to order my 7th pack of these...  With multiple phones in our household, we seem to go through a screen protector every month or so - far better than busting a screen!<br/><br/>I've tried several other brands and still think the amFilm screen protectors are the best bang for the buck.<br/><br/>After installing literally dozens of these, I've gotten fairly adept at installing them straight and dust free.  However I've noticed that in the last few packs I've ordered I've had several screen protectors that won't fully adhere to the screen.<br/><br/>Today I installed a new screen protector and there is a small (3mm x 7mm) bubble near the left edge of the screen.  Pressing on the bubble makes it disappear, but it comes back as soon the pressure is released.  Removing and reinstalling the screen protectors does nothing to fix the problem.  Perhaps there is a slight flaw in the adhesive?<br/><br/>At just a few dollars each, they're still a great deal.  But be aware that even if you install the screen protector perfectly, you'll occasionally get a dud...<br/><br/>Original review (July 2016)<br/>----------<br/>After cracking two Zagg glass screen protectors in about 6 months, I decided it was time to try another brand.  Amazon has a two pack of glass screen protectors for nearly the same price as the shipping &amp; handling for a warranty replacement of my Zagg?  Almost sounds too good to be true.<br/><br/>The screen protectors came in a small, sturdy, cardboard box.  The package included a couple alcohol prep wipes, lint free dry wipes, stickers to remove dust particles before application and installation instructions.  The instructions were well written and easy to understand.<br/><br/>Installation itself was comparable to other glass screen protectors I've installed.  Be sure to read and follow the manufacturer's installation instructions for optimal results.<br/><br/>Despite my best efforts, the screen protector lifts slightly at the edges, which I understand is due to the curvature of the phone screen.  This is barely noticeable when the phone is in a case and it's less pronounced than it was with the Zagg protector.<br/><br/>Unlike the Zagg, these screen protectors extend above the speaker, with a slight scallop to avoid blocking the proximity sensor.  I like how this looks, time will tell if this design is durable.<br/><br/>Not a huge problem, but the edges of the screen protector feel somewhat sharp and could use a little more buffing.  This is less noticeable when the phone is in a case with a raised edge on front.<br/><br/>I've only had the screen protector on my phone for about a week, but so far I'm really impressed!  I'll update my review if my opinion changes over time.
 This is not my 1st purchase from these guys.  They make nice quality screen protectors and have absolutely saved my phone in the past! My boyfriend recently dropped my phone on the cement at a Metallica concert and it looked like my phone completely shattered.  When I peeled off the protector my phone was totally fine, the screen protector took all of the damage, like it's supposed to!<br/>I ordered a new screen protector and it went on easily with no bubbles.  I also like the cleaning accessories that they include.  Great value and great product!
 The product is exactly as advertised and is a very nice package for the need and price.<br/><br/>Product comes in a sturdy box including cleaning supplies.  The protectors themselves come with a simple, yet very effective sticker tab system making it very easy to place the protector.  The kit included stickers to help pickup dust too (a long standing trick not everyone is aware of).<br/><br/>The protector (as indicated) does not go all the way to the edge due to the phone's curved edges.  It also stops at about the sensor at the top of the phone and right at the bottom edge of the home button.  This makes it fit very well in my case which wraps around the edges.  I believe this design is the most compatible, even if you might get distracted by the edges being visible vs the edge to edge protectors that were common before.<br/><br/>I'm very happy with the price+prime for this product and what you get!
 My daughters are pretty tough on phones, so I try to keep a supply of good screen protectors in stock.  These are good ones.  The curved edge on the newer iPhones mean that unless you get it centered exactly perfectly you may have a little air space on the very edge (less than 1mm) at some point.  It has happened to me before, but you can't see it when the screen is on.<br/><br/>These are good screens, with the right supplies to assist you with a good installation.
 Can't say enough about this product.  Got out of the car, IPhone went flying.  I have a hard case that surrounds it and is very slim since I don't want a bulky phone.  The edge of the case barely gets above the phone.  Therefore when the phone fell flat like a pancake on the concrete screen side down with a loud snap I thought it was new screen time.  Looked at the screen to discover a spiderweb.<br/>After a time I investigated further.  To my amazement I was able to peel off the protector.  It was the PROTECTOR that had spiderwebbed.  It came off easily and the SCREEN WAS UNTOUCHED!  I was amazed.  The force at which this thing hit the ground was astounding..and for the screen to take all of the hit and still be functional was outstanding.<br/>Please see the included picture; this is the aftermath of my screen.  A quick 5 minute install of the second screen included and I am good to go.<br/>Highly recommend this screen.  It installs easily, functions as desired..and ultimately (by my unplanned testing) is as durable as the details say it is.
 These screen protectors go on smooth and clear. Feels high quality. Lucky they provided a couple of them because I did mess up on the first application. I thought I could just apply it on a brand new iPhone7 out of the box but then realized you really do have to use the included screen cleaner wipes to get the best results without that "rainbow" effect. So clean the screen first with the wipes before you try applying the screen protector or it won't "stick" and will slip and slide.  Looks and works great once you do it right and so far I see no scratches, it seems like a durable glass film! Good buy!
 I’ve dropped my phone from 4’-5’ in the air multiple times. The screen protector cracked in a couple different places before I took the time to change it out. Very nice to have 2 in a package because of this. It’s difficult to get applied without ANY bubbles, but I’ve never found a protector that eliminates them completely. The only reason I knocked off a star is the size seems just a smidge too small. It completely covers only the screen area, but you have to get it lined up just perfectly. When the sides of the screen are lined up, the holes for home button and speaker are very slightly off. This doesn’t impact function at all, it may just bother you a bit if you’re a little OCD about things lining up perfectly. But again, this is very minimally off and I still think this is a wonderful product. I’m re-purchasing because clumsy me will continue to drop my phone.
 Lots of reviews have a fair point. This doesn't quite fit the width of the iPhone 7. There's a gap on either side. But it's very nice once applied. My issue is it will invariably separate a bit from the screen to allow some air pockets in. It looks like a small moisture pocket but it is not fixable, even with a squeegee or credit card. Even tried a hair dryer but no success. Because these are so inexpensive, I've purchased several. For the best possible application, I use some lens wipes (moist towelettes) and then a clean microfiber cloth. I clean the screen at least twice and then make sure there are no fingerprints. A little time and patience to center the protector directly above the screen (once you peel off the appropriate protective covered tab) and you're good to go. Press down in the center and work your way out to the edges to smooth out. It literally bonds like a new screen. Great product. Just expect to change out like 2-3X a year.
 I'm really conflicted whether to give this product a 4 or 5 star rating.  It came with a kit for installation which includes a glass cleaner, a paper to dry the glass, a card to remove bubbles,  even small stickers to remove the dust.  I did find it difficult to align because it is exactly the same size as the screen.  As one reviewer said, that may be because the screen is tempered glass and the iPhone screen is curved so can't be any wider.  Because of this, I may go with plexiglass next time.  So, 4 stars for width (sorry if that's not fair) and 5 stars for the accompanying install kit.
 As a techie and habitual phone addict, I feel like I've tried every screen protector under the sun, not just for my phone, but on computers, e-readers, anything that has a screen. I tried these after my JTech glass screen protect cracked for what felt like the millionth time, and I'm never using anything else again!<br/><br/>The first thing that I noticed about these are that the semi-circle stickers that help you position the screen for installation are actually part of the single piece of plastic backing on the screen, which is removed once you attach it to the phone, so you don't have to worry about sticking anything on, it's like that out of the box. They really do the trick, and it was the fastest application I've ever had.<br/><br/>Not to mention, the pack includes wet and dry wipes for each screen, a card to smooth bubbles, and a microfiber cloth to really make sure it's on there and get the edges, which tend to be pesky on other brands.<br/><br/>The thing that I am most impressed by, and I cannot stress this enough...the edges of the protector are slightly sloped!!!!!! This is the BEST FEATURE! As apposed to the JTech, which has cracked from the by catching on things in my bag, and feels like it's going to cut my fingers if I touch it at a weird angle, this screen protector feels completely comfortable and attached to the phone!<br/><br/>So in short, this screen protector is a delight for anyone who wants an easy to install protection for their phone!
 You may be thinking the same thing I was when I saw this product! It has a 4-star rating and you get two screen protectors for under $10. These protectors always come with scuffs, dirt, missing film to protect it, or something else wrong with them. It is ridicolous! They break when being gentle trying to install them. The picture quality of it being on the screen is terrible and the material is horrible. BUYER BEWARE! Do not buy this product.<br/><br/>UPDATE: I got a replacement so I will be changing my rating to 3 stars. However, packaging and actual protector still has some small flaws.<br/><br/>UPDATE: Another replacement came. Perfect. Satisfied!
 I purchased this product over a year ago, and had one of the screens on my phone.... went out riding our side x side in the forest, and yep, you guessed it - phone fell out onto the gravel road while moving and landed on the face (were traveling about 25 mph) !  When I retrieved it, screen appeared scratched and cracked all over..... but to my amazement and elation, when I took the glass protector off, my phone and screen were perfect - not a single scratch/mar..... the screen protector was toast, but it did it's job !  I promptly replaced it with the extra I had ..... I will definitely be keeping these on hand !
 I had ordered a new iPhone 8 and wanted to put a screen protector on before I used it so I ordered these. I wouldn't really say they fit the phone that well and could be better. The actual screen display is as wide as the protector covers. You can see where an edge didn't fully adhere to the screen so that's already messed up. I'll update later on with the durability and how well that lifted edge stays attached or if it pulls up quickly with use. I'm hoping the case I ordered for it will help hold down the screen protector a little bit though so we'll see!
 I have never had a screen protector last as long as this one has! I am very impressed with how easy it was to put on and how well it resists scratches. It drives me crazy to have bubbles under the screen and there are 0 bubbles with this protector. The edges are nice and smooth and the holes match perfectly with my phone. Don't waste your time comparing different ones on Amazon - buy these &amp; you won't be disappointed.
 As someone who has used the $30+ screen protectors you get at the  cell phone carrier] store, I can say that the TechMatte ones protect your phone screen just as well, along with the added bonus of being easier to install in my opinion. This is the second time I've ordered this exact one. I just realized this time that they have a lifetime warranty, so I made sure to register this one so I can get it replaced if (let's be honest - when) it breaks.<br/><br/>To be clear on my somewhat sarcastic comment about it inevitably breaking - that is the whole reason I like these kinds of screen protectors. I know I am going to drop my phone at some point and something is going to shatter. The way these protect your phone is that the screen protector cracks instead of your actual phone screen, so then you can replace it for under ten bucks as opposed to the expensive process of getting the screen itself repaired.
 This was easy to apply to my iphone 6 screen and is resonsive to my touch but it isn't even close to covering the glass touch screen portion of the phone from edge to edge. I know the seller says that they purposefully make it smaller so it doesn't lift up at the curved edges of the phone but I did want all of the glass covered. This doesn't do it. So, know that the product works just fine and is easy to apply/doesn't lift up but it does not cover all of the glass on an iphone 6 which it is supposed to do. That's why I give three stars. I would buy another brand in the future so my entire touch screen is protected.
 This is a great screen protector that’s a better deal than any phone store I’ve seen. It comes with 2 per pack with wet and dry cloths to clean the screen off, and a frame that goes around your phone to better align the protector so it doesn’t come out crooked like it’s always done for me in the past no matter how slowly I applied the screen. I’ve been using the first one for a year until I dropped my phone the other day and it happened to land on the only two pieces of gravel around and cracked the screen badly. Ugh. Luckily I still had the extra protector at home still. I’ve attached photos so you can see the damage because proof helps me when buying anything. When it was on my phone still I really couldn’t tell if it was just the protector busted or not. Thankfully my screen was completely undamaged thanks to this awesome protector! Definitely would recommend to others!
 I've had several screen protectors that were all plastic and had numerous issues such as ease of getting bubbles while installing, felt rubbery, became cloudy, and would start peeling after only a few months. The amFilm Tempered Glass Screen Protector on the other hand was easy mounting thanks to the thoughtfully placed plastic hold tabs, not a single bubble on any of the four iPhones 6S's I applied these on, and the feel is as close to the actual phone glass as you're going to get from a cover. All functionally of the phone is as if there was no cover on at all, including the 3D Touch Peek and Pop. The size of the glass cover is slightly smaller than the full face of the phone, but as is mentioned in the listing this is due to the curvature of the glass edge. I personally don't see this as an issue and can say that had they made it 1/16th of an inch larger it would probably start to peel due to the curvature. As I've only had them on six days I will probably do a follow up review after a few months.
 This is absolutely the best product out there - and Amazon's price can't be beat ... why spend $5 at your local Five Below on some cheap plastic screen protectors when you can get glass.  One thing I've notice beside the ease to install -- and the glass comes with two tabs attached to the top layer so that there are NO fingerprints on the screen protector, and you have plenty of time to line it up to be perfect before it touches your phone.  Once it touched the phone - it was amazing - it almost installed itself as I saw it adhering to the phone without so much as one air bubble.  I like that they include both a wet and a dry wipe, as well as those little sticky tapes that can take off every single piece of dust.  Plus you get two for this price -- I'm getting a couple more packs (we have 5 iPhones in my house) - to always have a spare.
 I cracked my $40 Bodyguardz tempered glass screen protector I purchased at AT&amp;T when I bought my iPhone 7. After months of people asking how I cracked my screen, I finally purchased these MUCH cheaper protectors. My coworker peeled off my old screen, used the screen cleaners included in this package, and placed my new screen protector on my phone. It took him about 5 minutes start to finish. I’ve already dropped my phone several times since then, and neither the screen protector nor the phone screen is cracked. There has been no issues with the touch screen sensitivity or responsiveness with this protector.
 I had a problem with my 2 screens and the first screen did not adhere properly around the edges and eventually the entire edge was not adhering and I threw it away.<br/>The second screen went on perfectly and then my new iphone 7 developed a flaw and I had to remove the screen to send my phone back and receive a replacement.<br/>I contacted the company and explained what had happened and I was very pleased with this company's lifetime warranty and their service I received from Gretchen who was a model of customer service and excellence. This is one of many screen protectors I have used throughout the years and as we all know have spent a lot of money on screen replacements and having to buy another one. But this company is different and uses the same high tech manufacturing process as the more expensive screen protectors but at a much affordable price.<br/>If you are reading reviews on deciding on which screen protector to buy choose TechMatte you will not be disappointed.
 This is a GREAT screen protector! I just got it 2 days ago and thankfully I didn’t procrastinate on putting it on because I dropped my new iPhone 8. It landed face down on concrete from about a 4foot drop. I do have a case on it which I thnk helped as well but the screen protector cracked in several areas. Without it it definitely would have been my phone screen. I already ordered another one and will leave the cracked one on until I get the new one on. Not taking any chances!
 The pack contains 2 protectors, a cleaning cloth, dust removal stickers and a card for removing air trapped between the screen guard and the IPhone<br/><br/>I was able to get the screen guard on my iPhone easily without getting any air bubbles by following the instructions though I was pretty sure I would mess up<br/><br/>So good looking product . Does what it says<br/><br/>Have not yet had any accident. So cannot comment on protection quality
 When I first ordered this screen protector, it was just one of those things that was recommended to buy with the Otterbox case I also got for my brand new phone. I had not thought highly of the tempered glass screen protectors before (thought it was a hoax for people to sneak money from me unnecessarily)...until now! I work outside and in the field, a lot (I am a field botanist). The other day I slipped and fell down a hill on some rocks while working, cracking the screen of my phone (that was in my side leg pocket) in the process. I was terrified to take the screen protector off, and actually left it on for days later, terrified of what I would find underneath the screen protector. Well I finally scrounged up the courage to take it off today, and not a scratch on the actual phone screen! Woo! Crisis averted, thanks to these wonderful protectors! The screen protector took all the hit, as you can see in my uploaded photo. I was happy to even have a second screen protector in the package to replace the one I destroyed. I am pretty hard on my phone, especially with the places I take it; at the end of the day, It saved me a lot of money of replacing my phone once, and sure it will happen again. I would definitely buy this protector again if it came down to it. I highly recommend it!
 I’ve always loved these screen protectors. I just traded my iPhone 6+ for an iPhone 7 so I ordered these again. I dropped my phone on the concrete over the weekend and totally thought I cracked my screen. The screen protector got a crack from top to bottom on the side. Thank goodness it wasn’t the screen itself. I’m keeping it on because the crack isn’t terrible, but I have the second one still if I need to swap them. Happy customer and will always come back. The product came perfectly packaged with no broken screen protectors.
 Bought this for my new iPhone 8 and I love it. Over the years I’ve bought several screen protectors and have always placed them on my phones myself. I have always had air bubbles on all my phones except for this new one. The instructions for how to apply this screen protector are clear and simple. I followed the instructions and I thought I had an air bubble but after a couple of hours it was gone. I did not apply it inside a steamy room as it is recommended in the instructions, but I was careful to do it with clean hands in a clean area. Also I tried not to breathe as I placed it on since I thought my breath might blow dust particles on the phone.
 ~labeling 4 stars because I haven’t experienced a death-defying act of saving my screen from this protector yet~<br/><br/>I was shopping for a new phone case that wasn’t my typical LifeProof or OtterBox choice, and wanted a screen protector that would protect my phone (in case the case I was ordering turned out to be crappy and broke). I’m usually not a screen protector girl, but I decided I shouldn’t take too many risks at once... lol.<br/>I happened upon this tempered glass protector (set of 2!! Generous!!) and checked out the reviews- so many people were swearing by it, so I had to check it out. I read the company, Techmatte, were really easy to contact and were super helpful with product complaints and issues. With that in mind, and the affordable price tag, I purchased. The protectors came in a small box with a couple extra things: wet and dry cloths, a microfiber lens cleaning cloth, a lil cardboard thing (to smooth out bubbles), and the instructions. I usually make someone else put on a screen protector, but I wanted to do it myself. The instructions were very clear, and application was incredibly easy, I almost couldn’t believe it. Nothing can be that simple!!! But it is. After smoothing out bubbles, I had a clear adhesion to my phone. No impairments to screen color or clarity, 3D Touch, screen responsiveness... truly awesome. It doesn’t get grody and greasy from my fingers, or my face when I’m sweaty and on the phone, unlike my actual iPhone screen. (Olephobic, I think they call it).<br/>I received an email before and after shipping from the company; each time, a staff member introduced themselves to me and made sure I was happy with my purchase, and what to do if I wasn’t. Love that!!<br/>I haven’t had an alarming, screen-breaking fall yet, but I have dropped my phone on the floor a couple times, and this protector is holding up. If you’re on the fence, check out this protector!! It’s worth the peace of mind.
 I bought this package of two screen protectors, gave one to my father (he has an iPhone 8) and kept one for my iPhone 7. I am pleased to say that it felt like real phone glass, and the package included EVERYTHING - dust cloth, cleaning wipes, and, of course, these screen protectors, each in their own little envelope.<br/>I stuck it on my phone (good news - it's easy to slap on and peel off again) and gave it a rub to flatten it out. Then, I went on with my day.<br/>Amazon says this item is supposedly "bubble proof" but I have already found a multitude of tiny bubbles on my screen and near my camera. It doesn't affect the texture or how the camera works, but it's just very annoying to look at. I've unpeeled and re-stuck this thing multiple times, but these bubbles JUST DON'T GO AWAY!<br/>And the next day, I dropped my phone down a couple of stairs. Before the screen protector, it was virtually indestructible and if I dropped it on the floor it would be fine. A few stairs would be nothing.<br/>But now my (supposedly "scratch-proof") screen protector has a hairline scratch running across it. I know, it's nothing and it barely shows, but if a couple of stairs (in a case!!) can do this, I wonder what would happen if I dropped it screen-first on the pavement...<br/>An unsightly bubble has developed near the crack, and since my phone is black, all of these things are obvious...<br/>It's also not the prettiest...it's kinda clunky and makes my screen just a bit higher than my case, putting it at a risk for MORE CRACKS...<br/>Hopefully, this thing can take the brunt of an impact. It's actually not bad for the price...what would you expect from an $8 item? It feels smooth and natural, but I'd recommend being very careful with it and smoothing it out very carefully to avoid bubbles.<br/>Thanks, and enjoy your new screen protector!
 I've had this screen protector for over a year at this point. It was, hands down, the easiest I've ever applied to any phone. I have an iPhone 6S, and it's a perfect fit, even with a case around the phone. The durability is also excellent. I've left it in my pocket with keys, and never had a major scratch develop.<br/><br/>I've dropped the phone countless times, on countless surfaces. Typically it falls out of my pocket when I do drop it. Tonight, after more drops than I can count, the very corner of the protector cracked. The screen remained perfect. I easily removed the protector, and applied the second one in the package. Took me less than 3 minutes. Considering every other protector I've ever purchased barely lasts 6 months, and I always found it incredibly difficult to apply the new one (I hate bubbles or dust under the protector, and there always seemed to be some with other products-never with this one). 5 stars without question.
 I’ve had this screen protector for 7 months now and I still have the back up waiting for when this one breaks, they are extremely easy to install which is a plus for me because I’m usually the person who ends up with about 15 air bubbles on my screen. But I’ve gone 7 months with the one and I only have a small scratch on to it that you can’t see but you can feel it. I would definitely recommend this. I will be buying this screen protector again when needed.
 Just recieved this yesterday and tried putting it on and of course, I got one of them dirty but got the second one on perfectly. Great fit and looks clean. Also fits well with my case. I also emailed the company back to ask for an exchange and instead they offered a whole new set. Great customer service and great product as well!
 Huh. A screen protector that’s actually easy to apply. For the first time, I didn’t have any problems getting the product positioned, and not a single bubble formed!  I don’t think it was my technique that suddenly got better. I think the adherent Just works well. Also, the last few screen updates protectors I’ve bought from well-known companies have had to be returned because there was no sticky coating on the glass or film!  This package com s with 2 protectors and worked the first time. Will definitely buy again.<br/><br/>Other factors are clarity seems good, feels good, responsive touch. Won’t know about actual screen protection for awhile as I don’t purposely throw my phone around.
 UPDATE::Still deserves FIVE stars!! I dropped my iPhone reallyyyy bad, so bad that I was afraid to look at it but nothing happened to the screen 😅😅<br/><br/>Bought this glass 1.5 year ago and so far no complaints. Package comes with 2 individually wrapped protectors. I applied first one right away and it served my phone till I had to get new device and store lady ruined this screen protector. She offered me different screen protector from Belkin company and its bottom edges came off after 5 months. So now I’m using AmFilm again.
 I made the mistake of waiting until long after the return window to try out this product.  When I finally did open the box, one of the protectors was scratched, so that was a waste.  The second one I followed the directions exactly (even watched the company's video for how to install), and the screen still did not completely stick on the edges.  Within two days, lint was able to get under the screen and so finally I just took it off and gave up on this protector.  Big waste of money.
 This is my third time using this brand of screen protector on several different iphones 6-7.<br/><br/>The issue I've experienced nearly every time is that the corners do not seal well and they begin to peel up immediately or days later. I have not had this issue with other brands. I've had this happen on a new iphone and more common on iphones where a protector was previously installed. I clean the screen "thoroughly". I am very meticulous about applying these but for some reason this brand just does not adhere as well as another leading brand on Amazon.
 This screen protector prove itself the other day after the iPhone 6 (in a sturdy Trident case with no screen cover) in my 16 y.o. daughter's coat fell out onto the pavement while she ran across the street. After the phone hit the asphalt, skittered to a stop and was picked up we saw that the screen protector had shattered. At home, we carefully peeled off the shattered protector and were happy to see that the phone's screen remained unblemished. Good thing the box came with an extra!
 Protective screen is exactly as described. Seems very durable and was easy to apply. Seller was very quick with responding to questions. Does not decrease functionality of touch screen, hardly notice it's there!<br/>I've yet to discover it's true durability as it is only a few days old, will update later with what I find! Very satisfied with this purchase thus far.<br/><br/>Update- dropped my phone face down and this screen saved it! The protector itself shattered but my iPhone still looks brand new! Highly recommend!
 This is a great product. Even the packaging was wildly impressive- each screen protector individually placed in a foam sleeve. Two sets of wet wipes, two sets of dry wipes.. good instructions. I like the care and attention put into it. Anywo, the screen protector itself is thick, yet very responsive and smooth/sleek. On my iPhone 6 and my boyfriends 6s, it doesn't cover the entire front face of the phone. The width only covers the width of the display screen. This might bother some, but if you care enough to have a screen protector, you probably have it in a case as well. So together, it looks fine. Ultimately, I think this is WELL WORTH the purchase, and even superior considering the price! I highly recommend it.
 So I bought this about 6 months ago and it's survived daily drops since then. Finally, a drop cracked the first protector and to my relief, when I took the screen protector off (with patience and carefulness so as not to damage my screen), my screen was still in perfect condition. I just put the second on (comes with two) and it's so easy. Perfect application on the first try. There's no bubbles to worry about or anything. If you're clumsy and very hard on your phone like I am, I highly recommend these. I also have a case on my phone with raised edges, so that also protects my screen. These protectors are pretty thick and I'd imagine they'd crack sooner without a case.
 I typically don't like screen protectors but I recently got a new iPhone 7 and wanted to protect it. The feel of this screen protector is great it feels just like glass and does not deter the touch screen.<br/>Additionally it fits perfectly and was easy to apply.<br/>I have now purchased this product twice because I have cracked the protector, but I have never experienced any damage to my actual phone. This screen protector truly works and will truly protect!<br/>Considering I am a clumsy person who frequently breaks screen protectors I will definitely purchase again, and with a reasonable price purchasing yet another screen protector is painless.
 This glass protector is excellent. Packaging is very complete, with dust removing stickers, wet and dry wipes, polishing cloth all supplied. In fact, you have to be careful not to throw out the actual glass protectors, as they look to be part of the packaging!<br/>The protector is cut slightly smaller than the phone glass, which makes it much easier to apply. Great product!
 These work great. Dropped my iPhone flat on the floor face down at work. Picked it up and the screen protector was cracked all over. Peeled it off and not a thing was wrong with the phone screen.(note) I also had the otter box commuter series iPhone protector on it to but it hit some larger beads of weld that was lying on the floor. Great screen protector, will always use this brand. Also note that they are very easy to put on.
 I bought this screen protector for my girlfriend and she didn't want to put it on at first, but she did.  Months and months past didn't even think about it again.  One day she left her phone on top of my car while pumping gas. I drove off.  We didnt know where her phone was. We did findmyiphone and it showed phone in middle of the busy street right off a I80 highway exit ramp by gas station I had got off the highway to pump gas at.  We looked up and down the busy street for about an hour and couldn't find it.  Right before we gave up I heard a ringing. We saw it face down on stripped white line blending in with road.  The phone had had to have been run over few times. We got it to discover underneath the shattered TechMatte protector was a perfect intact screen without a scratch.  It was crazy and if i didn't see it with my own eyes I wouldn't have believed it!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!!!
 I have used these on my iPhone 7 from when it was new. Instructions and wipe systems made installation great. I quit clipping my police issue spyderco steel pocket knife in my pocket because it destroyed the protector. But my phone was unharmed. On another occasion I had to wear a tyvek suit to crawl under a house to check the wiring. It was probably 100’ crawl. My phone came out of my pocket, as did some drywall  screws, and I laid on both during my crawl. Protector saved my phone again. The best thing is having a second screen protector to fall back on when accidents happen.
 OK, I'm not the handiest guy out there and my vision is less than keen but I was impressed by other reviews and customer service reputation of TechMatte.  I thought that the packaging was great, the quality, strength and flexibility of screens excellent as well as the instructions (especially the tip to try applying in a bathroom after running a hot shower for a few minutes to suppress any dust particles in the air!).  Nonetheless, I managed, twice in a row, to mount the screen about a millimeter off, infringing on the edge of the front facing camera lens.  Concerned that this might affect self facing photos in some light, I contacted the folks at TechMatte and they had a replacement out to me within 24 hours.  3rd time around I'm within about a 1/2 mill of perfection and decided that's fine.  I will add that the only other thing detracting from a perfect application is that there are a few areas around the edges of the protector that have very thin air pockets underneath but these are only visible if looking closely at the screen from an angle under bright lighting conditions.  However, unless you were really looking for it, you wouldn't notice.  Still, I give it a 5 for 5.
 I paid $75 for a similar product through a phone store, then dropped my phone days later. The screen saver cracked, but the phone was saved. This was the proof that it would work, so I bought this and it’s great! The phone store made it seem like it was a magic process to install the glass protector... I assure you the only magic was how they got me to pay $75 for something that I could purchase here and install myself. This was a great value for an easy to use protector - and it was a two pack! I’ll be sure to tell everyone to save their money and buy from here.
 I’ve reordered these four times now so I suppose it’s high time I left a review.<br/>I religiously drop my phone like it’s nobody’s business, so my mom made me get a screen protector when I switched from the iPhone 4s to the 6s. That was in 2015. Since then I’ve taken my phone hiking, camping, snorkeling, running, lifting, dancing and driving and dropped it at least once on each occasion. The amFilm screen protectors have dutifully absorbed the shock of every impact for both of my iPhone 6s-es (I dropped the first one in a cooler full of water which unfortunately these do not protect against) and now my 7. I recommend these to all my friends who need a screen protector. Whereas many tempered glass protectors will shatter in order to absorb an impact, I’ve found that amFilm’s protectors only crack here and there where necessary to protect your screen, so if you’re feeling adventurous—at least in my experience—they will continue to hold your phone together after more than one traumatic impact.<br/>Everything you need is in the package: Screen protector, glass cleaning wipes, dust removal stickers, and a card for pushing out the bubbles. If you’re new to putting on your own screen protector, like I was my first time, it even comes with a thorough installation manual.<br/>I would recommend these screen protectors to anyone looking to, well, protect their screen. Practicality aside, amFilm has treated me in the past with responsive, helpful customer service. I will continue to use these as long as I continue to drop my phone (which will be for a very long time).
 I was very skeptical at first, checking as many different screen protectors as possible before I decided to get this one. I was so nervous because of the price, thought there was no way it'd be the same quality as the $50 when I bought my phone at Verizon, but I was wrong. This tempered glass screen has impressed me in the week I've had it. Not only does it not scratch, I've dropped my phone on my hardwood floor at least twice (clumsy with my phone, admittedly). So far, great protection. It holds on super well, too, no bubbles! Glass is just as thick and durable and clean (actually prettier somehow) than the ones at Verizon, no scratches at all, and I'm definitely buying another package of these if anything were to happen to my phone again. Comes with two in case you mess up on the first one (like I did, fleck of dirt fell onto it right as I had placed it on), super easy to put on though! Just take your time and double check for flecks of dirt!
 Lasted 9 months, Screen Protector broke, but iphone screen was saved.  I recently installed another brand for a family member and it did not have a hole for the camera lens, this one does. This one comes with larger cleaning towelettes than the other brand.  This one has plastic tabs on both sides of the outer plastic film which aid in alignment during installation.  The other brand did not have this feature.  Sorry, I did not get the name of the inferior brand.
 I purchased this to go on my iPhone 7. The package comes with two pieces. The first one broke almost immediately after installation, not being dropped. The company was very good and responsive with replacement. The second one has not broken and has lasted me almost a year with no scratching or damage. I do have a small hazy area under the glass (1 inch x .25 inch) that is different than the rest. It almost looks like concentric circles, similar to tree rings, that I'm not sure if was an air bubble under it, or if I got something else on it that crept under the glass. It's not overly noticeable, but I can't un-see it. And I'm too cheap to swap it for my other one yet.
 Great product. I have 2 things to commend the makers on:<br/>1- I have tried other products and the screen is a horrible color when I wear my polarized sunglasses. I purchased this one, applied it to my phone and put my sunglasses on to test it. Whether I'm in the sun or heading inside, the polarized effects are minimal.<br/>2-my 3 year old has tested every aspect of the shield and the shield has won! She's even tried to pick it off and hasn't had any luck.
 installing was not TOO bad (it was just really hard to align, but fits my 6s good! (you will have at least 1/2 of 1mm of your screen not covered resulting in slight "rainbow edge", but it doesn't bother me that much since it cant be covering the curved edges of the iphone anyway). screen protector sticks down very good with no air bubble trouble and is good quality sturdy glass. I would recommend this bc of lifetime warranty &amp; it comes with 2 protectors. compatible with cases that wrap around the phones front edges by about 4 mm :)
 This has been perfect on my iPhone for several weeks, including a trip across the country and carrying around on tours, etc. My previous, much more expensive, screen with a warranty (replaced once for a fee, and immediately cracked the replacement) did not last. Very impressed and happy to have a replacement available in the wings, although I may not need it, especially if it doesn't fit whatever I trade up to in a few months. No air bubbles, easily applied, and looks like the original screen- can't even see it.
 I previously purchased tempered glass protectors from another company for my iphone 5s (I had 2 phones)--they worked fantastic, went on easily, and I never had to replace either one over a few years of use. I thought about purchasing from them again, but Techmatte got the best reviews on Amazon, so I decided to give them a try.<br/><br/>Put it on a brand new iPhone today. Overall application is not terrible, you get wipes and drying clothes and dust pickups, so that's ok. I put the product on according to directions, tiny dots of dust anyway, but what bothers me most is that the edges DO NOT seal well on the iPhone 8 screen edges. You will see areas where it is obvious that the seal is not tight (and I did use the card to seal it, so much so that I bent the card.) I guess because the seal is not tight, there are a few tiny air bubbles along the edge. Not happy with this.<br/><br/>The iphone 5 is made differently from the 8, so I'm not sure if the phone design itself is the issue. Doesn't really matter though; I am not so happy with amFilm Techmatte product.
 So the Speck case that I bought for my iPhone 7 didn’t have a screen protector come with it and that is why I purchased this product.  That being said I am very pleased with my purchase.  It installs easily and looks great.  My previous screen protector had air bubbles in it that I couldn’t get out.  That that’s not the case with this one.  Installing this was simple and there were zero issues.  The instructions walk you through how to do everything easily and correctly.  Well worth the price in my opinion.
 The box came with everything you needed to clean your screen, wipe it, get all the debris off so you could install cleanly. They even put applicators on the actual protector to help you install it. I love that it comes with 2 so I can have a replacement after this one needs replacing. I also love how clean it went on. The installation was perfect. Beautiful. No bubbles, no imperfections, everything is clear and proportionate. Great product overall.
 This is a great price on the screen protectors. At the local go wireless store, they want something like $50 to put this on your phone, which a complete rip off. If you are confident enough to tie your shoes with your eyes close, you are coordinated enough to put on the screen protector yourself. Another nice little touch is that it comes with an alcohol wipe and small dryer pad so you can get your screen super clean before you put it on.  I would definitely buy this again.
 Techmatte’s amFilm tempered glass screen protector is simply the best value on amazon. Why would you pay $40 at T-Mobile or Verizon when you can literally get better quality for $8?  It is so easy to instal and they give you everything you need— wet/dry wipes, microfiber cloth, hard edge cardboard, plenty of instructions , 100% satisfaction guarantee, and the glass is tempered and perfect.  I’ve bought for two iPhone and an iPad mini.... the adhesive is perfect, even if you mess up on initial placement and the screen clarity is awesome. DONT SPEND $40 ON A GLASS SCREEN PROTECTOR!  Buy this and save yourself some money.
 I purchased this glass protector for my iPhone 7 around 8 months ago and it held up great.<br/><br/>I’ve dropped my phone on it’s face, put my phone in my pocket with my keys, and rested items on the face of my phone and not once did the screen protector crack or chip. The structural integrity is solid and it definitely does the job of protecting your screen, no doubt about it.<br/><br/>The only thing that kept proving to be an annoyance to me is the small cutout  for the front-facing camera. The small cutout will collect oil and dirt over time and because of this, any selfies you take will come out cloudy. Sure, the solution is simple: clean the cutout daily. However, that’s something that you don’t have to worry about with other screen protectors since they don’t have the cut out for the front camera.<br/><br/>This small design flaw shouldn’t keep you from purchasing this product but if you’re someone who loves a crystal clear selfie, I would recommend looking for another screen protector.
 This glass screen protector works great. I used to use the plastic screen protectors, but over time they get a little blurry and wear down, so I switched to the glass. I had this glass protector on my iPhone 6 for over a year and it was great. Now I got the upgrade to the iPhone 7, and I got this right away. It lasts a long time, and even when it starts to get older and there gets to be a small chip/crack in the edge, it still protects the iPhone screen very well. My husband and I both use these on our phones and have never had any issues.
 This screen protector was used on my iPhone 6.  I rated the material quality and screen clarity (Picture Quality) as five stars.  I haven't had to test its durability yet, thank goodness, but from previous reviews it is excellent.  I would suggest some mention of how and when to use the Dust Removal Stickers included in the kit.  I didn't need them as the wet and dry cleaning tissues worked fine.  The installation is easy and bubbles were easily and completely removed.  The included card on registering the product was very  helpful.  Great product.  Kubla Kahn
 I was reticent to buy this because of the low price (the old adage "you get what you pay for comes to mind).  This is one of those lucky times where you buy something for cheap and it's actually a GREAT deal all around!  Love this product/company!  The packaging is VERY nice, sleek and sturdy...makes you feel like you spent the $35 at the verizon store!<br/><br/>You have everything you need in here for 2 applications: Wet wipe &amp; lint free dry wipe are individually packaged so they are fresh and provide for a flawless application.  The instructions are PERFECT!!  So easy to follow and use.  The application literally took 2 minutes and didn't stress me out like other screen protectors.  It was the easiest product I've installed of this nature because the company took their time making it easy! It shows.<br/><br/>So far my phone acts the same as it did prior to the glass application.  There is a 1/8th inch gap around the phone where the protector doesn't go so it still easily fits into my phone case.
 I just bought a new otter box case for my iPhone. Their screen protectors not very touch sensitive, so I purchased this one since it touted its thinness and touch sensitivity. I installed according to instructions, I don’t see any air bubble. The touch sensitivity is very poor. I have to press very hard rather with the light touch I am use to. It almost feels like there is a gap between the glass protector and screen or like the protector is thick plastic rather than glass. I have to hit keys several times.  I will be returning it.
 AmFilm is a great company!  Placing the glass to my iphone 7 was my first attempt, so I warn you to be careful too and align it well. Once you place it, there's no coming back.  I misplaced the glass and took it off and it became a dust magnet immediately, rendering the piece useless.  I needed two for two phones so I emailed AmFilm at, get this, 10:30 pm and received a response 10 minutes later!  Talk about customer service!  I was honest to them and said it was my first attempt and I screwed up, but the rep on the phone said she will send another set immediately anyway without cost, which I received 2 days later!  The glass eliminates most finger marks and needs cleaning rarely...perfect!
 Son dropped my phone from about 1 foot up. The screen of the phone cracked, my screen cover did not. Shouldn't have let a 2 year old play with it but am a little disappointed in the performance. That being said, I think the issue was in combo with case used which allowed a small portion of the screen to be visible and not covered by this protector. I fault apple more than this company and their product, but still not terribly happy. That said, this is one of the better products out there and reordered for my new phone, this time with a different case.
 Really excellent product!  I recently had the opportunity to see just how well a screen protector can protect my phone.  I put one of these on my new iPhone about 6 months ago.  I'm careful with my phones, rarely drop or smack them against anything, yet a couple weeks ago I noticed a "scratch" on my screen protector.  No big deal, until it got bigger over a few days and developed the sharp shapes of cracked glass.  I ran my fingernail over it and felt the crack.  My heart sank.  It didn't feel like a scratch on the protector anymore, but more like a cracked screen.  But still, would I actually feel that??  When held at an angle to the light, it LOOKED like a deep crack but when I went to remove the protector to investigate, the crack was only in the protector itself.  The protector came away from the phone in several pieces and my phone's screen is intact and like new.  I put my spare protector on the phone and immediately ordered another 2-pack to keep in my drawer.
 I have gone through several of these. They just don’t last very long. One drop of the phone from just a few inches above the ground and it shatters. And beware, the pieces that flake off will imbed under your fingernail and cause bleeding and great pain. For the money, I would expect a little more durability. The ones available at Walmart last just as long. These are nothing special. They do protect your phone screen, which is key. So for that they get three stars. But one only lasts a week for me.
 I cannot begin to explain how please do am with these protectors. I was skeptical along with most people. I applied this cover from top to bottom slowly. Do not just drop it on the phone or you will get an air bubble that will ruin your day.<br/>I had purchased one prior to this and promptly dropped my phone face down (does it ever drop face up!) on some jagged rocks. I picked up the phone and turned it over to find a crack and a couple shattered lines to go along with some colorful language. I took the phone home and decided to peel of the worthless glass protector.  Unbelievably all the damage was done only to the screen protector, my phone still looked like the day I got it.<br/>Great job on this protector, I will always have one on my phone.
 I am constantly buying screen covers for my phone, my husbands phone, and our children's phones.  These just might top all screen covers that I have ever purchased!  They come with a wet wipe, a dry wipe, and some dust grabbing stickers.  The best part is that the front and back of the screen cover come with a removable piece of plastic.  You remove one side that reveals a sticky back, which goes onto the phone.  The best part is that the top of the cover also has a piece of plastic with a handle at the top and the bottom.  This allows you to easily line up the screen cover perfectly!  Once it is on the phone, the air bubbles disappear almost instantly.  You remove the piece containing the handles, and voila!!  You have a perfectly lined up.....no air bubble.....screen protector.  Great product and very easy to apply!!
 I read a number of comments about the edges lifting on the iPhone 7 (which seems to be a problem on all the glass protector reviews I read), but I bought it anyway bc I am OCD and need a screen protector:) To my surprise I didn't have that problem at all.  Of course I have only been using it for 5 days but so far so good.  The other thing I really liked was the company stood by the product.  The day after I received it I got an email saying that they hoped I liked the product but if not they would give me a full refund.  They even acknowledged that some ppl were having trouble with the curved edges on the iPhone 7 and if that was the case I could return it.  I got another email this morning to confirm that I was satisfied with the product and if not it was under a 12 month warrenty!!!!  Now that's customer service!  Like I said I love this glass and I like the company.  I recommend it and it's worth a try.<br/><br/>Update: I had this screen protector for about 8 months when I was walking and went to place my phone in my purse and missed (I have NEVER done this before) so my phone fell screen down on concrete!!!!  After a few deep breaths I turned the phone over expecting it to be completely shattered.  Well, the protector definitely was (even had small shards of glass peel off) but my phone screen had NO damage.  I was shocked!!!  I immediately ordered another one and so far it looks just as good!!  This 8 dollar piece of glass just saved me 600 dollars for a new phone.  I recommended it when I bought it the first time, but now I REALLY recommend it!!!!  So grateful I had it:)
 These glass protectors are great!  Easy to apply, with little to no bubbling, depending on the age of the person who owns the phone.  The younger kids seem to pick at the edges causing bubbling (fault of the child, not the product). We use this product on all 7 of our iPhones and these protectors have saved us from many cracked screens.  If you use this product and it cracks, be sure to remove it over a trash can.  Once it shatters, the pieces scatter upon removal from the phone.  This is the type of product to purchases extras of... keep spares on hand so your phone screen is always protected.
 When I put the first protector on I got about three weeks out of it before it started to totally lift off the screen. Mind you it didn’t lay on there correctly right from the jump. So I put the second one on and again it didn’t lay down completely on the screen. And there was bubbles under it as well. Now I’ve had iPhones long enough to know how to put on a screen protector. So that’s not the issue. But these ones I will not buy again. I reached out to the company and they wanted me to jump through hoops just to get them replaced. Although they say that they warranty their work. No one should have to go through all that for them to replace a product that isn’t doing what it’s supposed to do. They ask that you contact them before writing a negative review but that didn’t get me very far, so here’s your review. Therefore I will not purchase this particular product again.
 I previously purchased a box from another source that must have been newer product because it came with two sets of cleaning wipes and the glass had alignment tabs.<br/><br/>This one (from Liquid Center) only came with one pair of wipes and NO tabs for aligning the screen protector, even though the instructions tell you to hold the tabs to align the screen. I was able to clean and place the screen protector only a millimeter off to the right.<br/><br/>I recommend not buying from Liquid Center.
 I had one of these on my last phone and the car actually ran over it and it was OK. I bought this from my new iPhone 8. When I turned in my old phone it had a crack on it and  the sales person  said I don’t believe we can refund you any money, until she found out that it was just the surface protector that had the crack and not the phone itself. Well worth the small amount of money! Easy to apply and makes no difference when touching the screen.
 Product has been great.  Noticed by screen protector had a star shatter after removing from pocket.  I think it broke from about a short fall onto some bark and rock.  Not a big issue but definitely protected the face of the phone.<br/><br/>More importantly is the outstanding customer service I received from the vendor.  I wasn't entirely sure what the warranty covered so I researched and discovered it is lifetime.  Contacted vendor via email right away and received a response within 30 minutes.  All I was asked to provide was a picture of the broken screen protector.  I spent less than 5 minutes submitting a warranty replacement request and the product order was entered and confirmed for shipment in less than 40 minutes total.<br/><br/>Their customer service is outstanding!
 Got this for my (and my wife's) iPhone 7. It comes with two protectors, good instructions, and everything needed to prepare/clean the phone for the installation.  I put it on with no problems and no bubbles by following the instructions for both of our phones.  This feels a lot better/smoother than the cheaper, more plastic based protectors.<br/><br/>After about three months, a bubble formed near one of the edges and it continued to get bigger, and it would not go away no matter how hard I tried to smooth it out.  I contacted the vendor online and they sent me another complete package with no questions asked. Great support.  I've replaced the one on my phone.  If I have another problem, I will update my post again.
 I normally don't write reviews but wanted to let everyone know how great this product is, especially for the low price.  It came with TWO protectors, two cleaning wipes, two drying wipes, a hard cardboard piece for smoothing bubbles, a polishing cloth, all with clear, easy to follow, concise instructions and a 100% satisfaction guarantee all packaged beautifully, like another reviewer put it, an "apple-like" quality and experience.  Another great feature, the two tabs or "installation handles" on each side of the protector that made the normally stressful experience of lining up the protector with the phone a breeze! I've bought similar products that were as much as four times the price that didn't come close to this one.  Well done TechMatte!  Keep up the great work!
 Just want to start off by saying I paid for this product. I hate reading ratings where people were compensated for with their rating... my wife and I have had this protector on our iphone 7's for a few months now. She dropped her phone face down on gravels last week and it spider-webbed the screen protector. So, the screen protector is not that unbreakable, but it did its job as the screen was unharmed. I ordered a replacement and put it on. $8 is much cheaper than a new screen. I think they fit the iPhone 7 just fine.
 Easy to apply and after a few days so far so good.  The kit contains two screens, wipes and tacky strips to remove dust prior to application.<br/><br/>Update:<br/><br/>After a little more than a month, my screen protector began to spontaneously lift off the upper left corner, at least an inch into the area.  Naturally, a bubble formed and could not be removed.  I contacted customer support and they immediately indicated they would send a replacement.  That is customer service though I wish it had not been necessary to begin with!!  I have reduced my review by one star despite the impressive customer service given that the screen protector on my old phone (not this company's product) did not fail in over two and half years of heavy use.
 I bought these as soon as I ordered the phone and I attached it right away after taking the phone out of the box a few weeks ago.  Was successful in applying the screen without too much trouble.  If you do have issues, the customer service is fantastic!<br/><br/>Last week, I was running and the phone fell from my hand onto the concrete - I was sure that was the end of it...but after taking it to the Apple Store and them peeling off the screen protector, we found the glass display was still perfect.  The same couldn't be said for the screen protector itself - but it did it's job!  I immediately ordered again so I could use again.  Highly recommended!
 I had a minor problem that I wasn’t even concerned about until this fabulous concerning company sent me a follow up asking how I enjoyed their product. I had the Conor of the screen savor ( a tiny size ) wasn’t sticking to my phone all that well. But not a big issue. The company sent me out a new screen saver no questions asked! We need more companies like this in our industry. People who care about their products &amp; want to make the customer happy. I say Kudos to a wonderful company! Wish you well
 These screen protectors have been a life safer for both of my daughter's iPhones. The screen protectors  themselves feel like quality and you would never know they were on the phone until boom they get shattered. With two coming in a box we thought we would only need one set. Unfortunately our girls are rough on phones and we are now on our third set. I am glad we use these for under $10 a set they are a good deal.
 I had a problem with the installation when the adhesive holding the protective covering with the tabs came loose and the glass fell onto the phone. After this it was impossible to reinstall it without having a lot of bubbles. Fortunately I had ordered a two pack and the second one installed perfectly with no bubbles. It fit well and does the job. When I filled out the warranty the company asked if I had any problems. I told them about the problem I had and they contacted me within a few hours andoffered to send me a replacement that I could keep as a a spare.  I received the replacement 3 days later. Wow, that was really good service. I never even had to ask for a replacement. The company said they wanted to make sure that I was satisfied and they insisted on sending me a replacement. I have never had a company do this before and I am very impressed with the concern for the customer that they exhibited. Also, as mentioned the product is very good.
 After dropping my iPhone 6s and noticing the protector glass had cracked, but the phone screen was intact I knew I would have to replace with a like product, not the plastic film that comes with most phone cases.  I researched many brands and chose this product by TechMatte.  They had a video showing step by step how to clean with the cleaner, dry with the cloth and use included stickers to remove any dust that might remain.  Score!  Ordered this, arrived very quickly and was easy to install.  Very happy with the product, and their follow up inquiry.  Shows they care.
 My husband hates it when he hears me say that ^^^.  It means I dropped my Iphone 6 AGAIN!<br/><br/>I purchased this protector set in April 2018.  I drop my phone almost every day (not even kidding) from standing height (I'm 4 foot 10).  I've dropped it on every surface imaginable: tile, concrete, grass, hardwood floors, carpet - you name it.<br/><br/>I do have a case that protects the edges, but the phone always seems to land face down - this protector has kept the original glass from getting a scratched.<br/><br/>About week ago I dropped it and the protector finally gave way - a crack diagonally down the middle.  It wasn't bad actually and I was able to continue to use the phone with not even really noticing.  But...Ooopps!  I dropped the phone next to the car this morning and the protector "shattered" at the corner.<br/><br/>Time to swap it out for the second protector screen in the pack.<br/><br/>The first protector was easy to remove from my phone and my screen is 100% fine.  I just installed the second one  -- it went on easy and no bubbles -  I'm back business.<br/><br/>I just ordered another two pack to put away - honestly $8.80 is worth the piece of mind for a dropsy like me.
 Had this screen cover for about 2 months now I believe... my 9 month old knocked my phone off my hand and the phone fell on the counter not even far from my hand and shattered the screen.  I have a screen cover AND case on my phone.  The cover isn’t cracked at all... just my screen.  Super aggraving.  DO NOT BUY.  Buying from Apple from now on.
 The order comes with everything you need to apply the protectors. It's a two pack, so my wife and I both applied them at the same time. Her's went on perfectly. Mine didn't quite stick down all the way on the right edge. The last one I had on didn't stick down on any of the edges (different maker), so it might just be something with my phone. My wife dropped her phone two days later and the protector shattered. I guess that is the point, to break the protector and not the phone. It was a two foot drop, screen down unto pavement.
 I’m glad that this product came with two screens. When I changed out my phone case it kind of came off a little bit so I just changed it out. The screen looks crystal-clear and for the price I think it’s just as good as any other expensive phone cas i’m glad that this product came with two screens. When I changed out my phone case it kind of came off a little bit so I just changed it out. The screen looks crystal-clear and for the price I think it’s just as good as any other expensive phone Protector. I drop my phone a lot and my screen is perfect!
 The glass quality and anti-fingerprint coating are great.  No complaints there.<br/><br/>However, be aware that this is NOT an 'edge to edge' screen protector.  Because the edges of the iPhone 6/6s screen are slightly curved, protectors like these leave a large gap on all edges of the screen.  This is by design but will make the protector look 'too small' when installed.<br/><br/>If you want full coverage use 'edge to edge' or 'full screen' in your search.  This will find many products that take the curved screen edges into account.<br/><br/>I thought I would add this review to save folks some grief...especially if you are coming from the iPhone 5/5s/SE series...which all have a completely flat screen.
 Bought same brand before, great wuality, comes with alcohol wipes, cleaning rag, plenty if dust removing strips, hard strip to push out bubbles(Which dont even show up with very little attention to putting it on, not one bubble, several phones). Also has extended plastic tabs to position it without getting any fingerprints on the edges, they give you everything you need and 2 protectors. Also replace screens under a great warranty no questions asked.
 Bought it for iPhone7 to use with Otterbox Commuter case.it fits extremely well and does its job.Things to know are: the glass takes patience to install! You need a neat, dust free area. You should watch videos on YouTube before installing if you're like me and have never done it before. The BEST tip I found was to "dab" clear plastic packaging tape on the screen right after using the alcohol wipe+drying cloth supplied. This extra step not found in the instructions eliminates 99.9% of dust particles before applying screen to phone.
 Great product, and barely noticeable once you put a case on and I quite often forget it is even on. Read the instructions as it can be difficult to get all of the bubbles out if you don't read them. I bought this item for my Nintendo Switch and was shocked at the great quality of the item at such a reasonable (and quite frankly low) price, and how you forget it's even there. So if youve been looking at this and are still unsure, buy it! And if you have a nintendo switch, but it for that as well!
 I bought this tempered glass protector for my iPhone 6s last September. I drop my phone here and there but it never really damaged the cover. However I just dropped my phone on tiled floor and saw some big cracks across the phone. It turned out the protector saved my phone again! I was ready to repurchase one then realized it came with 2. I have to say I am very happy with this purchase and would recommend it to anyone who's looking for a solid screen protector.
 I'm actually sending a link to these to my brother and thought I should finally post a review. These are easy to put on and have saved my screen several times. my son dropped my phone on a rock, screen down last year and cracked the screen protector but saved the screen. I got so used to the crack being there that I didn't replace it until today. Love these things, I've dropped my phone dozens and dozens  of times and it's still perfectly functional :)
 These came in a two pack, one for my phone and one for my son's! Very easy to apply, looks good and after talking to several friends who have these they have been a life saver when they  have dropped their phones. One had the screen cover shatter, but the phones screen was fine and that is the whole purpose.<br/>Update 1/29/18 I am so glad I have this on my phone. I did a boneheaded move and set my phone in the latch area of the back of my SUV’s rear door, closed the door and drove home. The door didn’t actually close because my phone was in the way :( but, the screen on my phone did NOT break, only the screen saver, it was shattered!! I was so relieved, and so thankful I spent the money on this!! Yay :)
 This is very effective. I starting using it after my phone's glass shattered when it tapped an aluminum bottle in my bag. After getting the glass replaced for over $100 at the Apple store, I purchased this at the recommendation of a friend. It was super easy to apply (just want the short video). And then, this weekend, I threw my phone in my bag haphazardly (whoops) and it again cracked the glass --probably from knocking up against something. But this time, it was just the screen protector that cracked. I easily peeled it off and applied the second one that had come in the box. Now I know why it comes in a set of two; I would have been so anxious waiting for another one to come in the mail!  I am reordering a box now so that I am ready if this should happen again.
 These screen savers arrived quickly. I watched a few different videos on YouTube about how to apply a tempered glass screen protector to an iPhone, so the actual installation was pretty easy with a little advance knowledge of the process.  The most important thing is that you take your time and make sure the screen is TOTALLY dust-free. If you don't, you will get bubbles that can be pushed out and you won't be happy (the same is true with any screen protector).  I was pleased to see that the protectors included removable "handles" that made the positioning quick and easy. I thought this was a great value and is doing a great job protecting the screen on my daughter's iPhone.
 3 months ago, I bought this screen protector to go onto my iPhone 8. I ordered it, and it got shipped quickly. The box the screen protector was in was nice, and it contained everything you need; putting it on was a breeze. The adhesive worked very well, and stuck to the phone really well. Once it is placed, it will not move under normal everyday use. The picture quality was extremely good. I enjoyed this screen protector for about 3 months, and everything was fine. Then a few days ago I had found a hairline crack from one side to the other in the screen protector. I am glad that it was not the phones' actual screen. The crack is not visible when looking at the phone straight-on, and you cannot feel it when moving your finger around on the screen. But, if you looking at the screen at any other angle but straight-on, the crack is really noticeable. I did not subject the screen protector to any non-normal use, I only put it in my front pocket and on flat surfaces. I never dropped the phone. I am not sure if there was just a small defect. I am debating on whether to buy another one, or look at other options.
 UPDATE 2/3/17: I've gone through two packs of these. I guess that I should be happy that my screen is not cracked but these sure do seem to crack easily. I'm not changing my stars because I think they do their purpose and It seems to be in line with similar products.<br/><br/>I had no issues installing this item. Easy to apply and feel like my phone is safer. Be sure to read all the instructions carefully and/or watch the provided youtube video. The hardest part of the install is matching it up on your phone. Mine is very slightly to the left because I didn't want to mess it up or make impossible to remove bubbles by pulling it up and removing it. There are two included in the boxes so if this one gets scratched or cracked I can easily switch it out.
 Here we go again...<br/>Once again it’s been a few months since I have the screen protector and I have an air bubble between the glass protector and the phone. I personally won’t be buying this brand anymore. But it’s the one and only issue I’ve had.<br/><br/>I love the glass protector. Fits the phone screen perfectly, it’s easy to install and is durable. My only problem was that after a while an air bubble would come up between the phone screen and the glass protector eventually getting big enough around the screen that it was easier just to replace the whole thing (cosmetic purposes only)<br/>After a few emails with the company they gave me tips for installation and they even sent me a new protector. Put the new screen protector on and.... so far so good.
 So, I (technically, my hubby) just accidentally ran over my phone with a minivan. I had this screen protector and it was face down on asphalt with tire marks on the back of my case. YIKES!! The screen protector took the impact and saved my screen. This is very durable and worth every penny. I just replaced my iPhone screen from another unfortunate accident and it wasn’t cheap! This is much better and I’m so happy it saved.
 Today I was hit by a car while crossing the street and was holding my phone which inevitably flew out of my hand. The screen protector was absolutely destroyed, cracked to the point where my actual screen was barely visible. It was incredible to be though that when I removed the damaged screen protector, my phone underneath was scratch free! It looked brand new, so I just threw on the second protector from the pack. While my body may not be in optimal condition, my phone is because of the screen protector.
 I bought this screen protector after my dog shattered my screen by biting on it. There were tiny pieces of screen coming off, so I needed something to hold my screen together. I highly recommend this screen protector because it has kept my screen working for the past seven months! It holds all the shattered pieces in place, and I am no longer cutting my fingers on the screen cracks. Next time, I will buy the protector to protect my screen rather than hold it together. I am sure that it will protect it from puppy teeth or falls. Highly recommend it!
 Best screen protector I have installed yet.<br/>Very good quality wipes, no default in the layer of adhesive, clear and simple instructions for beginners. And if you screw it on the first attempt (biggest risk would be lint or dust that would stay between screen and protector) you have the second one.<br/>Other plus is the very nice feeling under the finger, very (completely?) similar to the screen itself.<br/>Only downside is the fact that it does not cover the edges of the screen. I'd rather blame Apple design. Anyway, you'll certainly put a case on the phone, so it will be barely noticeable.
 Not sure why anyone would have an iPhone and not have this very affordable screen protector.  I am rough on phones.  They work for me, I do not work for them.  It is designed for people like me so the protector cracks instead of the glass.  I have had to use warranty once, easy enough and fast.  If you never crack these, you probably could get away with no protector at all.  These will break.  I have left them on broken for a week before I got around to changing them out.  They do exactly what they say - protect your screen.  The first couple of times I applied (this is my second phone to use these on), I was not careful enough and did get some bubbles I could not make go away.  Just go slow, follow the instructions carefully and clean the phone glass more than you think you should need to.  Use the dust removal stickers.  Get the light right so you can see any dust settling on the phone.  Have everything unwrapped and ready to go.  Carefully apply.  One on of the first tries I got bubbles.  Could only see them when the phone was off and did not affect use at all.  Who cares anyway?  I don't stare lovingly at my phone when it is off.  The minor imperfections did not bother me in the least.  Very responsive to touch (my daughter told me I needed a screen protector and when I told her it was on she wanted to know the brand).  Get the two pack - one to use and one for backup.  Their customer service is excellent and fast.  What more can one ask?  I will stick with this brand.
 I’m very happy with this product. It is exactly what a screen protector should be: protects the phone (I dropped it so many times, and it only cracked after two years(!) of use, that in itself is amazing), looks and feels great (shiny, glass-like, does not obscure the phone display), and, quite importantly, is a breeze to install (no bubbles!!!). I simply love it. I had to search for it in my order history to write this review, because I really wanted to write it, and I couldn’t remember when I bought it. Turns out it was in 2016! That’s how long this screen protector lasts. Amazing value. It came in a pack of two, and I just today applied the second one to my phone, which thanks to amFilm looks like new again.
 Bought these to replace my original glass film which cracked a little (but totally saved my iPhone screen!!) after dropping my phone from a pretty good distance.<br/>These are SO much easier to apply than the old thin films!  Followed the manufacture advice and applied in a steamy bathroom (less dust floating around--great idea!)  Took about 2 minutes, and my phone looks good as new!<br/>These screens are not made to go completely to the edges of the phone, so ignore the comments that say the screens "don't fit"--they fit just as they are supposed to. They are crystal clear, they do not cause any distortion whatsoever, and will save your precious screen if you are a bit careless and drop your phone as I do occasionally:)
 Bought this for my new iPhone 6s. I thought the instructions that came with the product on how to install were easy to follow and gave plenty of help on how to do it. I received a nice email from the seller with links to a video and more instructions. Installation was not problematic at all. The only reason I gave this a 4 and not a 5 is because I feel the screen is just a tiny bit too small. i understand that due to the curved screen it needs to be smalller but on my phone it could be a smidge bigger. I would like to test it out and drop it to see how well it protects my screen, however since my phone is brand new and rather expensive, I will have to wait until I drop it on accident, which given my past experience will not be too long. I can update later if needed!
 I had my new iPhone for a couple of days before my screen protector glass arrived, and in that time I saw several other phones with shattered screens, and felt nervous that I could do that to mine.  With the screen protector glass installed, I feel much more confident that it is protected.  Installation was easy - great instructions included, and there's also an online video to walk you through the process.  I am very pleased.
 UPDATE 1/24/17<br/>**I have dropped my phone twice on ceramic tile - no cracks on the screen. Last night I dropped it from about 4 feet on hardwood and it fell right on the corner when it hit the floor. I have a Very fine (you have to angle the phone in order to see it) crack in the screen protector only. My iPhone screen is still perfectly intact. The screen protector saved it! Whew!! I'm definitely a repeat customer now.<br/><br/>---Original Review---<br/>I've never had a need for a screen protector since I've always had a case that had it built in. Therefore I was pretty ignorant when it came to this type of product. Silly me, I think I was expecting this to be a thin film similar to a transparent piece of paper with adhesive (which it is absolutely not). This is literally a piece of glass that adheres directly to the screen of your phone. It was so easy to apply; it took all of 1 minute. Materials to clean your screen are included. When you place the screen protector on the screen, you can watch it immediately adhere. It is completely crystal clear and you cannot tell it is on the screen, save for the barely visible edges of the protector. For the price I paid, this was a steal. I attached a couple photos for reference, one with the screen turned off and another with an image on the screen so you can see how clear this screen protector is. I received this completely intact and packaged securely with no scratches or problems.<br/><br/>I did Not receive a discount to review this item.
 Purchased for my iPhone 6s and my wife's iPhone 7. The installation was very easy. Not too pleased with the cardboard scraper to remove the bubbles. Not sturdy enough. It bent. Would prefer plastic. Used a credit card. Nice to include 2 sets of wipes. One for each protector. Others only include one set of wipes for multiple protectors.<br/><br/>The application on my wife's phone is perfect but for some reason the edges on the iPhone 6s aren't sticking. They are peeling away from the glass. Followed the same routine as my wife's phone. Don't know what went wrong.<br/><br/>Decent product. Who knows? The peeling could be due to something I did incorrectly. In the end, both phones have protected screens.<br/><br/>I would recommend.
 I won't get into the details, but a volatile teenager threw this iPhone 6 phone at the floor with the strength of a behemoth.  The phone itself has a permanent bend in it, but the screen?  In tact.  The screen protector shattered and I was certain the phone screen had suffered some damage, however, it was pristine.  Since this was 2 per pack, I simply applied another one.  This is an incredible deal compared to the price Verizon will charge for a screen protector.  Maybe they offer some stupid, NOT hassle free replacement policy, but for the price of two this deal is unbelievable.  A must buy, and I'll buy it for all my future phones (hopefully, not soon).
 Updated: Previous protector (Spigen) lasted well almost two years and the only reason I replaced it was it was getting small breaks in the lower section. This one has been on maybe a month an already has two cracks running the length of the screen, right down the middle. I would have been better leaving the old broken Spigen screen in place. This one is a waste of money and time.<br/><br/>Original review: Long time before I got around to installing one and was pleasantly surprised at how well the install setup worked on this brand. Will be buying this brand again on the next phone
 I've put these on multiple phones I work with and these protectors are life savers. If anything ever happens, it happens to the protector. Combine this with a case with a raised lip around the screen, like Luvvitt, and you won't regret it. Only down side to these protectors is that they will peel up/bubble over time if your phone warped. I still stand by these protectors with that said. They've saved my screen before.
 This is the second set of these I bought.  I thought we had broken my wife's screen but then realized that only the screen protector was cracked.  I removed the old one and put another on.  It really did save us from an expensive repair. One caution, it is hard to get all the air bubbles out.  But overall, highly recommended.
 This is the first 9H tempered glass screen cover that I’ve had shatter. My phone fell<br/>out of my pocket, from chair height, onto a small pebble sized rock at our campground. It shattered in 1/2” radius around the home<br/>button then cracked into spider veins upward. My biggest disappointment is that it was sharp enough to cut me! Before the mishap, the screen was clear which is why I gave it two stars. Definitely the least durable of any screen protector I’ve owned, which is what counts!
 This is my second purchase of these screen protectors. I had to purchase again since these are sleek, beautiful, strong, and safe!!! They're also super easy to put on but make sure you're not sticking and resticking over and over...you don't want to lose its stickiness on the corners. I knew that Iphones screens were infamous for easily broken screens so I wanted some protection. The 3 ONLY times I have ever dropped my phone, TechMatte screen protectors had my back!! The first time I dropped it, it fell out of my laundry basket (stupid, I know) and landed hard on its corner. This screen protector broke but stayed intact, my own screen untouched! That's when I switched the the 2 of 2-pack. The second drop, a crack about an inch along the middle of the protector and again, my screen saved! The third drop, flat on its face as hard as Thor laying down his hammer, and it crack side to side, yet again, saving my screen! It took me almost 24 hours to notice the third crack since it broke, but didn't come apart or feel sharp AT ALL. That 2-pack lasted me almost a year and was money well-spent. I basically cried for joy after all those saves! Thank you!!!
 Let's be honest, there are a slew of glass screen protectors for sale on Amazon.  How do you select the "best" one??  I chose to purchase the amFilm brand because of the reviews regarding customer service.  I figured if something didn't work out with the product, i.e. the protectors arrived broken or once installed the screen protectors didn't fit well, then I would feel better about purchasing from a company that stood behind their product vs. a company that only wanted my cash.  Lo and behold, I made a stupid error on the order.  Fortunately, amFilm's customer service reviews rang true and a representative from their company was in contact with me within 24 hours of my initial email.  They replaced the product without an added charge and I received it within 3 days.  The screen protectors fit perfectly on my iphone.  I have no issues with bubbling anywhere along the edge or in the middle.  And because it came in a two-pack, I have an extra one handy the next time my phone decides to take a spill.<br/><br/>In conclusion, I would recommend this product for its quality and more importantly, for the customer service that backs it 100%.
 I've had this same screen protector on for almost 9 months. I am pretty rough on my phone. I drop it frequently and have small kids that mess with it. I finally changed it to the second protector in the pack today because I had basically shattered the first one over the last month (see pic of shattered protector). When I peeled this shattered one off, my phone screen was absolutely pristine. Second one is now on and I'm trusting this one to protect just as well. Seriously, this protector is amazing. Saved my phone screen!<br/><br/>As for installation, the supplies and tips they give really work! And the thickness of this type of screen protector makes it a lot easier to get any little bubbles out than the older style (not tempered glass) did.
 While the screen protector was indeed easy to install, unfortunately it gets a low review for its durability and quality. The first one I applied cracked within a few months of being applied, and just over the weekend my iphone screen cracked extensively underneath the second screen protector (and inside a quality case). I'm not very rough with my phone, I don't drop it, and believe my use should fall under the company's claims that their product offers "extra protection against everyday wear and tear".<br/><br/>I've had screen protectors before of a different brand that were much more substantial, longer-lasting, and actually fulfilled their promise of protecting my screen from breaking. I purchased this brand off an Amazon Prime Day Lightning Deal, which further underscores my belief that most products sold that day are just shoddy, low-quality items. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE! It's better spent on a a better quality product that will save you an expensive repair down the road.
 This product depends a lot on the case you get it. I have tea in the case that was very thin and very minimal as a result there was about a 1 cm gap between the glass shieldin and the protective case. The only real time this became an issue with it the phone screen got wet,  water would get trapped underneath the outer edges of the glass shield and eventually diminished the adhesiveness. Glad this case came with two screens.
 This was my first time installing a glass screen protector, so I don't have comparison experience (have used film protectors in the past).  It was easier to install this one without dust than has been the case with film protectors, and it was easier to remove and reposition it, which I always have to do several times.  The promo said that it was small enough to allow for the curved edges of an iPhone 7, but I believe it is still about 1 mm too wide.  There are slivers of "hanging glass" around the edges of the screen.  There are also small areas on two corners that are not attached.  I suspect that this has to do with where I gripped the glass to reposition it.  All told, though, I think this is a solid product that protects well and is a very good value for the money.
 UPDATE: Dropped this down to 3 stars. There are tons of micro scratches around the camera and speaker hole. I can deal with that because it is expected damage. What I cannot deal with is the # of fingerprints this attracts. This wasn't a problem at first but it seems the anti-fingerprint coating as worn off or something and now this is just a fingerprint magnet. The fingerprints are extremely visible so I've taken it off and replaced it.<br/><br/>Works as expected, highly recommend getting some sort of glass screen protector.<br/><br/>Only problem is the ugly hole for the front facing camera. Other protectors I have used just cover the hole because the glass screen protector doesn't hinder the camera quality but because it leaves an extra hole, the protector becomes very noticeable.
 This was the third brand of screen protectors I had tried for my new iPhone 7. I wasn't at all happy with my first installations: both of them lifted up at the edges, and one caught a few specks of dust under it and created some air bubbles. I was tired of trying different screen protectors, but amFilm said it came with a 100% satisfaction guarantee. I was not 100% satisfied, so I filled out their online form. 4-5 days later I got another in the mail and tried again, this time doing it in the bathroom after a hot shower (not sure how much it really helped, but it was worth a shot). The screen protector adhered very well! No air bubbles, and no lifting up at the edges except the *tiniest* area in one of the corners, which I fixed with a Q-tip and some olive oil. It looks really great! Very glad this one worked for me.
 Been installing screen protector since iPhone 3. This version is one of the most fustrating to install. Got 1 lint under on first one and tried fix it but ended up getting more lints under it. The glass back side is super sticky and if a lint is stuck under, you’re pretty much screw. I tried using tape to remove the lint which usually works but not this time. This screen is overall nice with good clarity and feel but even with two, I couldn’t get lint free install. I did this in restroom right after shower too. Trying to get replacement but the site right now seem to be having issue as well....so there’s that. Will update further to see how things progress.
 I have an iPhone 8 that needed a new glass screen protector, and I was happy with these ones! They come with clear instructions and apparently a how-to video that I didn’t end up watching. There are clean/dry wipes included in the package to clean your screen before application. There were also some dust removal stickers and a small cloth square (neither of which were listed in the instructions, which I found odd). The glass protector has tabs to hold so that you can line up the protector before you apply it, and they help so much! Lastly, the screen practically adheres itself once you touch it to your phone. You can see the surface clinging to your phone like a magical ripple of water. Gone are the days of worrying about bubbles forming because you didn’t smooth out the screen! I’m glad it comes with two, just in case I’m clumsy again and break the first protector!
 I purchased the 2-pack glass screen protector when it was discounted for $1.99 (deal shown on slickdeals). First, the item arrived very quickly and I was excited to give it a try! The items included in the package (2-pack) were: (2) tempered glass screen protector, (2) wet cleaning wipe, (2) dry cleaning wipe, (6) dust removal stickers, (1) squeeze card, and an instruction manual. The application process was easy as guided through the manual. I was fairly happy with the results..no dust were caught underneath the screen protector and everything visible to the screen was clear. I really like how the screen protector is pretty much anti-fingerprint. For the most part I don't see fingerprints or smudges on the screen, what I'd see more of is dust but that can easily be wiped. Overall I like this product. The reason I took away one star is because the edges don't stick.. so dusts can get stuck there.
 I am the world's biggest klutz when it comes to things like this... cleaning and delicate manual tasks are not my strong suit. Yet I was able to do this very easily and the job looks beautiful! The kit is surprisingly complete (usually they leave something out -- a cleaner or a rag or a hard surface) but this has everything short of the soap to wash your hands with and the instructions are surprisingly very readable and clear. The illustrations are good and it was very easy to do. Very happy!
 This item shipped on time and in my opinion is one of the best screen protectors I have ever bought! It came with everything it said it contained and everything was of high quality. It was also very easy to put on the screen protector. It has an extra film, as seen in the photo, that helps you place it on correctly which is very convenient! They have a life time warrenty and satisfaction guarentee if anything is defective. Unfortunately, there is only a 45 time window to sign up for it and I didn’t register it within then so keep that in mind to utilize it.
 This screen protector was pretty much what i was looking for to protect my new iPhone 7. The cuts in the glass fit around the camera, ear speaker(?), infrared, and home button perfectly. The only reason it isn't a perfect 5 is it's very slightly too narrow, and I think it'd definitely be better off being .5-1 mm longer on each side. Mine is lined up pretty well, and it still doesn't fully cover the display if the iPhone 7. It's noticeable in a wa that the very edges can have a 'rainbow line' effect, but negligible for me because that line is very small. If requested, I can try to take a picture of it.
 It was almost impossible to hit certain buttons on my phone with this screen protector on. I would have to hit them multiple times in a row. It was so frustrating that I would just give up and would send text messages that barely made sense because I couldn't get the backspace button to work. I had recently got my screen replaced so I thought it was just the new screen but the second I took the protector off the phone started working perfectly. The protector also slightly changed the color of everything on my phone, all the colors appeared to be darker than they actually were. It didn't bother me but it was weird. I WOULD NOT BUY THIS!
 Must have product for your iPhone. Have dropped my phone many times and I know my screen would have shattered without this. I have had the protector crack when I dropped it on some rocks, but I just pulled it off (my screen was still perfect) and replaced with a new protector. I would highly recommend this product to anyone!!<br/>It does not interfere with touch screen features.
 I am incredibly clumsy. I drop my phone A LOT, so when I got the new iPhone 7 (back in September 2016), I knew I would need a screen protector. After reading reviews for this product, I decided to get it, and it worked marvelously. I dropped my phone many times, and my phone screen only has one small crack in the corner (the screen protector did not cover this part). The screen protector itself did crack after all those drops, but when I removed it to replace it with a new one, there was only that one small crack in the corner. I was able to use the two screen protectors in one box over 1.5 years, and I ordered another box recently to replace it. If you are as clumsy as me when it comes to phone, I definitely recommend getting this as you will have less cracks on your phone screen. I did give it four stars since the screen didn't extend over the whole phone resulting in my tiny crack in the corner, but it still does the job.
 This screen protector was pretty easy to apply, has a very clear appearance, and so far has protected the phone screen from damage, even after an accidental dropping. The only improvement would be an alignment tool for installing straight on the phone screen. I had received one in the past with another screen protector, but can't seem to remember where I saved it. It definitely made placing the screen protector in the correct position much easier.
 When I bought my phone the carrier salesman tried to sell me a $40 tempered glass screen protector. I almost laughed in his face.<br/>This brand is top notch and I can't say more how much I love all the accessories they send with the protectors (wet and dry wipes, stickers etc.) because it just show how much they care about the consumer.<br/>I bought one of these for my Nintendo Switch, and for my iPhone, and will continue to buy from them for future electronics.
 So I purchased these screen protectors to try and protect my phone a little bit better ( I mean who wouldn't, right? )<br/><br/>So I got them out of the box, wrapped up and in perfect condition. I followed the instructions that come with the product, cleaning the screen making sure it's dry prior to putting on the actual protector itself. Never seems to fail at this point like many other protectors. It goes onto the screen, next step use the plastic card that comes with it to squeeze out the air bubbles. Finish that, tells me to pull the secondary layer off of the protector so it'll mount onto the screen. Bang pull that bad boy off and what do you know? The protector itself slides right off the phone screen, BOTH TIMES.<br/><br/>Two star rating for packaging coming without any damage and was as described physically. As for the application of the product and actual usage. I give it ONE star.<br/><br/>Will definitely not be buying this brand again.
 Worked great for my iPhone 7. I do feel that the portion that covers the screen is a hair too small as I am perfectly lined up with the left side, and the right side is just a hair off so there is a small line on the very edge of the screen itself. It does allow room for a case that has a lip and doesn't lift which is an added bonus.I suck at applying these things and was able to gently remove the glass and fix any problems. The screen problem is VERY minor and I will live with it until it is time for a new cover. Worth it for sure and came super quick!
 I installed this protector on my phone, followed the instructions, and the edges will not lay flat! The protector is sure to do the job of offering protection, the the aesthetics are annoying with the edges not adhering to the phone. I can not recommend this product.
 This is by far a great screen protector I have purchased for a great price for my iPhone 6s. You get not one but two screen protectors great for anyone who is clumsy, or their first time applying a screen protector. It fits perfectly on my iPhone 6s and it does the job! I dropped my phone while walking my dog on the hard concrete floor and I flipped over when I saw the screen cracked. At the time, my phone didn't have a case, only the screen protector and I knew my phone screen had suffer damages. I lifted the cracked screen and it wasn't! Everything was fine beside a few dents on the phone. Removeing the cracked screen was easy for anyone who is wondering. Another thing is this product comes with a Lifetime warranty, but I yet have tested out their customer service, so I can't tell you anything at the moment but I will update when I do. For anyone who is looking for a great screen protector for their iPhone, or had bad experiences with other screen protectors I highly recommend this product.
 Came nicely packaged, application was easy, but...It doesn't stick all the way around the edge. It doesn't seem to affect the overall purpose of the screen protection, but it irritates me that it doesn't adhere around the edge. I feel like it will eventually start to come all the way off. Just fyi - I very carefully cleaned and applied the screen protector according to the directions on a brand new Iphone 8, so operator error isn't the issue here.
 Yesterday was the first day of school and my son's phone fell out of his pocket as he stepped out of the car.  He didn't realize it was missing until he was in class.  Someone had turned it into the office, but not before it was run over in the car line.  When he got the phone last Christmas, we put the amFilm Tempered Glass Screen Protector on it, along with a sturdy case.  The screen appeared to be smashed.  However, when we peeled the protector off, there was not a scratch on the phone and it worked fine.  I am attaching a picture of the protector we took off.  So glad it came in a 2-pack because we put the other one on right away!  Great product!
 This screen protector is amazing. I always have one on my phone. It cracks verses your phone screen cracking, it's pretty cool. Even after it cracks, it still holds up to multiple drops. I drop my phone daily, on all surfaces and I don't even bat an eye about it because this protector saves my real screen every time.
 I got this screen protector in January 2018 for my new IPhone 8 and I am so thankful. It has saved my phone a few times. Today, I replaced the cracked screen protector and my phone not a scratch! The screen protector had a crack down the middle and a few minor ones if I didn't have the screen protector on I would be paying a lot to get my phone replaced so for the money I spent not one but two screen protectors so worth it! The package comes with 2 screen protectors, 2 wet wipe, 1 cloth, and directions; Yes I am 100% satisfied!!!
 I had trouble with the first glass which caught a whole bunch of dirt and lint, so I had to immediately throw that glass away. I did manage to get the second glass on my phone without any lint, and I have been happy with how the glass has protected my phone. I have dropped my phone several times, and the screen has NOT shattered. Whew! I'm grateful that I bought this. I will probably buy this screen protector again in the future.
 I loved this glass protector! In the past I struggled to remove the bubbles left when applying a protector but didn't have to worry about that with this one. :)<br/><br/>UPDATE 3/3/16: I still love the product but I wanted to also mention that not only is this glass protector awesome, but they provide the best customer service ever! You see, I dropped my phone and the screen cracked at the edge, it didn't scratch my phone at all. I decided to order another screen protector because used the extra one and when I emailed them to let them know that they apologized for my screen protector cracking and offered to mail me a free one! I'll definitely always use them and refer friends &amp; family! :)
 I am a pretty clumsy person, but between my phone case and this screen protector my phone feels very secure. I’ve dropped my phone several times in the 3-4 months that I’ve had it, and in that I’ve majorly cracked the screen protector twice. This last time I was so pleasantly surprised to see that there was not one crack or scratch on my actual phone screen that I immediately purchased another one of the same brand to replace it. It’s super easy to install and was just as easy to replace. I shattered the screen protector but my phone itself still looks brand new. Very pleased. Would recommend.
 My second purchase.  The first time I dropped my iPhone while hiking in a rocky area and the second time my puppy chewed on my phone.  Both times the glass protector took the beating.  It cracked in several places, but my iPhone screen was left intact and with no damage.  Before the glass protector I used an Otterbox to protect my phone. It worked well but aesthetically not pretty.  It was bulky with very few style options.  This product is amazing and you can't beat the price.
 The screen itself went on relatively smoothly, a few small air bubbles are present, but that is likely because of me. The reason I am giving this a 4/5 stars is because of the numerous scratches that it already has. I have had the screen protector on for about 1 month now and there are many scratches (some deeper than others) in various places on my screen. However, I would much rather have those scratches on a replaceable screen protector than on the actual screen of my phone. Both screen protectors arrived in good condition and quite quickly. All that being said I would recommend this product given the price. I haven't dropped my phone yet luckily, so I can't speak to its protective nature.
 I have been needing a set of these for done time but was leery of the expensive ones I see in the stores. I purchased a set a few years back and was not happy; you could see the outline of the pasty and I had to periodically check them and keep pushing them back down. This set gives you a good amount for the cost and you can easily use them over again. They are smooth and nearly undetectable.
 I was coming back from a 4 day vacation with some friends and we make a stop to go eat, we drove to our destination and we were driving back. One of my friends was asking about my phone and my phone case so I let him check it out. He then removed my phone case which I didn't mind until a few minutes later when another friend of mine accidentally knocked it out of my other friends hand. It landed face down and when I picked it up it looked as if my whole phone had a spiderweb crack. I freaked out while starting to cus out my friend and then walked away in anger to the car. I didn't look at my phone again for a few minutes but my friend, who hit my other friend and cause my phone to fall, agreed to pay for it when we got back. When I did check my phone again I look at the crack more closely and then start to realize that it was my screen protector. I peel off my screen protector and to my surprise, not a single scratch or crack on my phone. I apologized to my friend about cussing him out and I bought him dinner. This screen protector works, it's the first screen protector I've used that has actually protected my screen before itself. If you don't have a screen protector, this is the one you should buy.
 It clearly says on the package that it fits my iPhone 8, but there’s a lining on the sides of my phone where the screen protector won’t stick all the way. Quite annoying but it doesn’t affect the use of the item. My sister bought the exact same screen protector and even though she put it on crooked on her iphone 8 as well a while back, it has settled properly on the sides without the air film on the sides. Also multiple screen protectors I’ve tried do not leave air bubbles, but this one did and I was not able to slide them off with the little card that was provided.
 This product will save your iPhone screen!! I dropped my iPhone recently, and the amFilm Tempered Glass Screen that I applied approximately one year ago shattered instead of the front of my iPhone. I had to use both of the ones I originally purchased to get a tolerable and somewhat bubble/lint free application. I decided to buy another two pack hoping I would have better luck with a third application. I was wrong.  Each time I have followed the instructions exactly, and I have ended up with dust and bubbles beneath the glass screen. It is almost impossible to place the screen without ending up with bubbles and/or dust underneath. I'm going to have to try the second screen this time around too. I would give this product five stars if it wasn't so hard to apply.
 These things are pretty cool. One of the things I love about my iPhone is the way it feels in your hand. Part of the problem with plastic screen protectors is you lose the nice smooth glass feeling when you use them. The other (MAJOR) problem is that they're difficult to install. These were less than what I paid for my last plastic protectors, and if you follow the instructions (and advice) these go on very easy. They come with 2 cleaning kits to prep your phone for install. Do as the instructions suggest and install them in the bathroom after running the shower for a bit. It will cut out all the dust that's in the air that will get under the protector.
 I’m so pleased with this screen protector for so many reasons! 1) it covers more of my screen than others 2) it comes with uncomplicated, but detailed directions 3) NO BUBBLES:) 4) no problems with touch screen ability, and that’s big for me as other brands I’ve used don’t work well with the touch screen( like having to hit or touch the icon more than twice)<br/>Over all this is the best product I’ve come across and I’m sticking with them! One more thing is they( the company) wrote a nice email of appreciation and make it clear if there are any problems they will rectify.
 After getting minor scratches on my last 2 iPhones, I figured it was finally time to invest in a screen protector for my 3rd. This kit was amazing. The crew that put this together really thought the process through and included a bunch of additional little “tools” to help you with the proper application of the screen protector (including wipes to clean and dry your phone, little stickers to remove dust, a small stiff card to push air bubbles out). The screen protector is thicker than I thought it would be but I barely notice it (and I am comforted knowing it has a thick protective layer). It has no impact on the functionality or appearance of the touch screen. It’s already protected me from one scratch. It’s awesome knowing that I can just swap it out to the 2nd one in the kit and -presto- the scratch will be gone.
 I shattered the screen on my previous iPhone because I didn't have a screen protector, and I was eager to find something to protect the screen of my new phone as soon as I purchased it. Rather than spending a ton of money at the cell carrier store, I grabbed these and am VERY happy I did! I dropped this new phone twice already (what can I say? I'm clumsy/try to carry too many things at once) and the screen hasn't gotten any dents or scratches in it. I'd definitely recommend getting these AND a case for your phone to keep the whole thing protected, but these do the job for a great price. Easy to apply and fit my phone perfectly. Easy to see through and text/swipe on. Great purchase!
 Works great! Very clear screen. Haven't dropped my phone yet, but, for me, it's just a matter of time. (I'll update if/when I do.)<br/><br/>The two tabs on either end sure make placement easier!! Had to do very little adjusting.<br/><br/>Placement tip... I found it much easier to align the protector using the home button and front camera than trying to align evenly on either side of the screen.<br/><br/>Dust in the air tip... If you have a dusty house (like mine), apply the screen right after a shower. Cuts down on the dust in the air.<br/><br/>I had a bit of trouble pulling off the film in step 1 as the tag pulled off rather than removing the first sheet that protects the "sticky" side. Careful!<br/><br/>Would definitely recommend and buy again!!
 Great product, I had my service provider install for me but the dude seemed a bit lazy and handed it back to me with bubbles around the edges, probably because I didn't buy it from them.  For anyone who also has this problem as well: press hard on those spots that aren't sticking and put pressure on for a minute or so and they'll eventually stick and stay down as you work it on there.  Its like massaging those bubbles down! Lol It's normal since iPhone 7 screen is curved a little.  But it took me less than 5 minutes of pressing on those spots to get the protector on perfectly with no bubbles.<br/><br/>Responsiveness on the screen is the same as it was without the protector!<br/><br/>It doesn't go all the way to the edges so you can use it with cases!<br/><br/>And I'm glad it comes with a second one so when I do eventually get a scratch or break the protector I have on now, I'll just pop the second one on there!
 I dropped my phone and saw that dreaded spiderweb of cracks across the screen when I picked it up.  Luckily, it was the screen protector and not the screen.  Phew!  The next day I removed it and put on the second screen protector that comes  with the package.  Glad I didn't wait because that evening, I set my phone on my nightstand and then accidentally pushed it off the edge.  Another cracked screen protector but the phone screen is OK.  Phew!!
 WOW...!!...AAA+++....I must say, I’m pretty much a pro with installing these glass screen protectors on iPhones. We’re a family of 5, 3 of which are our 3 boys (13,16,19), ALL with iPhones. Needless to say, over the years, I lost count on how many glass protectors I’ve put on all our phones. And I’ve tried numerous other similar ones. And let us not forget our iPads also..!!<br/>Anyway, this one particular protector went on with ease and completely bubble free. I would most def purchase these again.
 I purchased this product due to the great reviews. Yes I had dropped my phone and the protector did it’s job as it cracked the corner glass protector and not my phone screen itself. Now since I bought the 2 pack I was trying to replace it with a new one since just the corner as you can see in the picture (corner top left) was the cracked it had caused. I followed the instructions the company has online to remove the thempered glass protector and the result of it is not only what you see in the picture but as removing it  my actual screen underneath started cracking with it. Trust me I was going super slow and very cautious on trying to not lifted it yet my phone screen itself is now cracked all over due to this removal!!!!! This is beyond upsetting. I had no damage whatsoever to my actual screen prior to removing this protector. Tech Mayte should be held responsible to fix my screen. There is no customer service number and I’ve tried emailing them and nothing.
 This product is the best screen protector I have ever used and very affordable 5 stars all around.<br/>I bought this for my daughter iPhone 6s. A month after I put the screen protector on the phone we had, had a potentially catastrophic drop at the grocery store and thought the screen was cracked. We came home and I took the protector off and it was cracked but the phone was flawless.<br/>The second one I put on and a week later I accidently dropped  it on a hard tile floor and the case popped off and again the screen looked cracked but when I removed the screen protector it was cracked but again the actual phone was flawless.<br/>I have to say these are the best I have come across.<br/>I had bought expensive name brand protectors for my daughters old phone and they did nothing to protect the screen. The protector cracked and so did the screen.<br/>I highly recommend these.
 Follow the instructions, get everything clean.  Unlike the instructions, I found it easier to start at one end and very slowly lay it down, keeping an eye on the alignment.  It was easy to gently lift and realign when I didn't get it right the first two times.  My only nit is that it would be nice if it were 1mm wider, even 1/2mm, as the edges are exactly the width of the iPhone 7 screen.  However, the iPhone 7 screen is curved at the edges and perhaps it really can't be any wider.
 The first one worked perfectly. Then my phone died and I was glad it was a two pack. But when I tried to put the glass screen on the new phone the #1 tab didn’t work and the film wouldn’t come off so I could stick it on the phone. Then the top layer came off while I was trying to get the bottom layer off. So when I finally got it back the way the instructions tell you, the tabs you hold on the top layer were slightly off and I couldn’t line it up exactly to put it on my phone. I would give a 5 star review for the first screen protector but the sticker tab failing on the second means my new phone looks off and I’m going to have to buy and install another one. :(
 I have used them for workouts, yoga. They hold up well, wash after wash. I love cotton-not spandex. I like the elastic with drawstring for custom fit. This material breaths. I order 3 every time. So I have clean ones when needed. I have thicker ones from another brand but I like these better because they are great for sweating it up and light. I still have all the one I purchased 3-4 years ago. A great uniform in your retirement years as well.
 Just dropped my phone onto a marble threshold and the screen cracked. I was looking up where to take it to fix it, when I remembered I had put one of these screen protectors on. I peeled up a corner, and it's the protection glass that broke, not my phone!!! I'm on here buying another set of these now, well worth the few dollars.  I would have had the spare still, but I gave it to my mom. Based on my order history, which I just looked up, I bought my original one year ago this week actually, and it held up great all year, no peeling up on the edges or bubbles or anything.
 Lifetime warranty on the screen for one replacement screen, so when it cracks from dropping they replace it no questions asked. Customer service is efficient, quick to respond, and very helpful. It really takes a lot for this screen to break; I work in the OR and my phone is constantly hitting the floor from it being in my front shirt scrub pocket and my screen has been saved many times by this product. Will definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a screen protector and will purchase for further phones as well.
 Easy as 1 2 3!  I couldn’t believe it. I was so worried as I had just paid to have a new screen put on my iphone ($$$).  I watched the video and thought no way but YES it is that easy! AND I’ve had no issues with sensitivity on the buttons it works perfectly. So far it’s a fantastic product.  And I’ve got a backup protector just in case. The only thing is they don’t tell me how to get the first one off if need be but I don’t think I need to worry about that for a long long time.  Thank you.
 This product works better than the all in one case with screen protector because there is no space between the protector and the screen. So no moisture, fine dust or thin hairs can sneak in between the cracks. Coupled with an inexpensive but effective case, this product is far less expensive and every bit as effective. I love it. The protector could be just a lil bigger, still it covers all but a very narrow margin around the outside edge.
 When this screen protector arrived in the mail today I put  it right on to replace my old screen protector that had a lot of bubbles around the edges of my phone screen that I did not like so I ordered these off amazon and put them on and I put it on how it said to on the instructions paper that came with the box and there were a few bubbles around the edges but it is not near as bad as it was before I recommend you getting this for a 6 or 6s because the iPhone 7 is a little bit rounder on the edges of the phone than the 6 or 6s so there will be a little bit of bubbles around the edge of a iPhone 7
 To be fair, I would give it 4.5 stars. I would deduct .5 because it doesn’t quite cover my screen. I undertand they make it a little short to accommodate for cases, but it could be a little bigger. That being said, the instructions were spot on and the assembly was smooth. I have never used one of these, yet found it easy to apply. I wish I had purchased this prior to scratching my screen, which prompted me to purchase a protector.
 It's super hard, stiff, and thick.  As a result edges don't stay adhered to phone screen all that well.  Also aligning not easy during application.  On my last phone I used the screen protector that came with my OtterBox commuter series (for iPhone 6).  That screen protector was 10 times better than this one. It doesn't appear otterbox makes it anymore for iPhone 8.  Too bad.  Keeping this one for now but not a phone of the bubbling up around edge.
 Kit includes wet wipes, dry wipes, microfiber cloth, screen protector and well-written instructions with illustrations. The removal of the old protector and installation of the new one was easy. To remove the old tempered glass screen protector I used a single edge razor blade and gently slid it under the glass and lifted it. It cracked in several places, but that wasn't a problem.
 I’d definitely say this screen cover works! Please see attached picture. I just removed my screen cover to replace it and wow! I’m amazed. I feared my actual phone screen was cracked but IT WASN’T! My screen is in perfect condition and the screen cover took all the hits!!! I’m very pleased to say the least.<br/><br/>I have a 2 year old who loves to play with my phone and who is constantly dropping it on gravel, hardwood, cement... you name it. It has definitely passed the toddler test!!!!!!
 Awesome! I have a Conure (small parrot) with a very strong beak, he likes to hook his beak under the screen protector and break them! He's successfully broken each one of my tempered glass screen protectors from other brands, but NOT these! they really sick good to the phone and are harder to take off, plus I think these are stronger than other brands of screen protectors. LOVE!
 The clarity of the screen is great. It seems like great tempered glass. Easy application. Only downside is that the very edges of the glass and two very tiny dots of air in the middle made me rate it down a star. I followed the instructions and there still seems to be spots where it doesn't adhere or air gets stuck. Either way it's a great product and I don't really notice the air pockets/gaps.
 We live these screen protectors! We have purchased them many times in my household and they never disappoint! They are so easy to apply that even my teenager can do it. The picture quality is so clear you can’t even tell there is a protector on. If it does get cracked, only the protector cracks. It works great. I highly recommend it to anyone with an iPhone... you definitely need to get this!
 When I got my iPhone, Apple installed a screen protector for $40.  It cracked after the phone was impacted.  I decided to try this screen protector and so far it is great.  It is solid, not flimsy and I believe it is as strong if not stronger than the Apple product.  Installation was very easy and no bubbles!  The screen remains responsive to touch.  Don't let the low price fool you.  This is a solid screen protector.
 I waited an extended time to review this product, and I am very happy with the results. It fits the screen well. I have one small chip at the top, but the edges are not chipping off, which is pleasantly surprising. We are using on 2 iPhone 6s's, a phone that is difficult to fit due to its shape. We have had other screen protectors that have been far less satisfying. I think it's important to note that I'm a grown adult, and I'm very aware of the cost of my phone. I expect to keep my phone in perfect working order for a minimum of 18 months, and I expect to sell it and be confident in saying that it is in the best shape possible for its age, so I am very careful with my phones, and they might not see the rougher care that other reviewers base their comments on.
 I don’t think this protector is particularly good. I just put it on less than two weeks ago and there are huge scratches on it, a crack of missing protector and some bizarre drip looking marks. I’m careful with my phone and have not dropped it. Also, the application isn’t smooth, I followed the directions and the first protector left bubbles, I discarded and the second also had bubbles, but I was able to re I’ve those. The protector is smaller than the screen as well. I do not recommend.
 I purchased this product a week ago and three days after installing it, I dropped the phone on hard payment screen side down.  With much angst, I picked up the phone and thought for sure I just damaged the new screen protector and phone.  To my surprise, I didn't have so much as a scratch, crack or chip.  This product held up GREAT!!!!  I highly recommend this product.  The product comes with everything you need to install it properly.
 Just got done installing on my phone, and it was super easy!! Granted I’ve installed a few screen protectors before, so I know the jist. But the quality of this product is amazing and hard to find. There were hardly any air bubbles at all I had to work out, it almost perfectly adhered on its own. My FAVORITE thing about this product though, that is near impossible to find, is that the edges of the screen protector lay completely flat. THANK GOD. Some screen protectors have a slight lift around the edge that causes dirt to get trapped under there and look gross in little time. Not this one. This one blends in seamlessly with the phone. I’m so glad I found this. Thank you!
 Great product. I especially liked that the covers come with adjuncts (screen wipes, fiber cloth and application card). These items help immensely with applying the screen protector in the best possible manner, drastically minimizing any dirt trapped under the screen or bubbles that may form. I have yet to drop my phone directly on the screen but so far this seems very resiliant to scratches and in the worst case scenario two screen protectors are included in the order. I use this along with an otterbox case, and although I had to remove the plastic screen cover from the otterbox case (which was very easy to do) I do not regret the modification as this screen protector does not get dirt under it and is much more responsive than the standard plastic otterbox cover. I am very satisfied with my purchase and highly recommend this product
 I have never before used a screen protector. I once dropped an iPhone face down on the concrete and shattered the screen. Since then I have always used Otterbox and LifeProof protective cases that totally cover the phone front and back in an effort to keep my phones as protected as possible. I was not sure I would be happy with a regular phone case and a screen protector, but so far so good. I am extremely happy with this screen protector. It went on easy without bubbles. If you have never before  applied a screen protector, I would definitely recommend watching the video on how to put this on; it’s a very helpful video.  I’ve since dropped my phone a few times and I seem to always be knocking the screen on something, but so far not even a scratch on the screen protector. It has not reduced screen sensitivity at all, so typing and swiping are as easy and quick as without the protector. It doesn’t go all the way to the edge of the phone edges which I wasn’t sure would be a good thing, but it is because it doesn’t interfere with a phone case at all. And the protector is so nicely affixed ro the screen that no lint or dust accumulates on the screen around the edge of the protector. Honestly, I could not be happier with this product.
 I have tried a number of other products previous to this screen protector. This is the best one I used so far.<br/><br/>Pros:<br/>- great customer service (They sent me an instructions video as soon as my product was shipped. Even though it is pretty straightforward, it is always good to see how it is done from a pro)<br/>- extremely easy to install (those 2 tabs on each side makes a huge difference). I previously messed up a number of other similar protectors on my previous phones.<br/>- very clear, no problem with brightness<br/>- looks high quality<br/>- you get 2!<br/><br/>Cons<br/>- the product does not completely cover the screen. This wasn't a "con" for me as it worked out great with my phone cover.
 I purchased this product, I had read all of the reviews and most of them said that it worked wonderfully, So I thought for this price and those reviews "I'm Sold." I had the screen protector on my phone for about four days. I decided to go sledding, and I completely spaced having my phone in my pocket. Being the clumsy individual I am, I slipped on some Icy-snow and fell right on my phone. I didn't think much of it. I figured that my snow pants and the new screen protector would keep it safe. Once I got home I pulled my phone out to send a text. I looked at my phone, and it looked bad although I figured it was all on the screen protector, so I pulled it off and realized that there was no damage to the protector at all. The screen protector was untouched while my phone was shattered. It is so badly shattered that I can't use it, and now I have to buy a new phone. Save your money. Don't buy this. And Yes the home button fell out.
 I have installed numerous screen protectors and this one is by far the most easiest installation of all time. I'm glad they design the glass in a way so that I can hold two ends by a tab so that my fingers are not touching the adhesive back.  This way I can align the glass properly onto the phone.  I guess you would know it if you install this yourself.<br/><br/>Update: 3/27/17<br/>I went back and made a second purchase. Just in case I need it. My original review stays the same.
 For the price and for the quality, these are great! I messed up the first time and thought I knew what I was doing so I didn’t follow the directions and ended up with a small piece of cat hair on the sticky side. So I had to use the second one instead of saving it for later. Luckily, if you follow the instructions, the application takes about a minute and it’s cheap so I can always order more without breaking the bank. Let’s hope it protects my screen!
 Amazing!!! JUST dropped my phone in the McDs parking lot and it landed face down on the pavement. I knew my phone had cracked as I heard it. Got sick at my stomach. Sure enough, shattered! Had my protection cover on it. Have had it since March maybe? I pulled it off and amazingly it SAVED my phone!!!! Ordering a replacement now as it was the best purchase ever for my phone! Pictures are proof!!!! Highly recommend!!!!
 I bought this 2-pack for my wife's iPhone 6 about 2 months ago and am happy with my purchase (she seems to be as well). The packaging was very well engineered and the instructions were clear. I did have to spend some time working out a bubble but that's to be expected with any screen cover of this type. The feel of it is no different than if the screen wasn't covered but that's a good thing. I would purchase this brand again.
 I can't really speak to how well it is protecting my phone screen from breaking yet, because thankfully I haven't had any hard drops since applying it. However, it was very easy to apply, cost effective, and after using a plastic cover for my last screen (which I broke and had to be replaced) I'm glad I switched to this one. It is almost like not even having a screen protector on when I'm using it. Very clear. I did have a few bubbles in the screen protector when I first applied it but they worked themselves out.
 Great product, great price, great warranty. Package received quickly, containing 2 glass screen protectors plus accompanying cleaning anjd application aids. Very specific, detailed application instructions; a web link in case one wanted to watch an application video; and a guide to registering my purchase with the manufacturer so that in case of breakage, I will receive a replacement! Application was easy, simple, and basically foolproof, even allowing me to lift the screen protector off when I ever-so-slightly misjudged one of the edges. I was able easily to re-position it, and have full access to the touch features of my iPhone 8. Bonus: when I registered my purchase, I also received a 10% off code in case I want to buy anything else from TechMatte.
 Got this 2 pack to replace mine and my husbands screen protectors that had seen better days. These installed very easily, came with cleaners, to make sure all lint/dust and debris was off the phone, worked well with my phone. My husbands phone it started to peel up, and I contacted the company and they sent a replacement at no cost! Great customer serivce and great product. So far screen protector has been working well (my phone gets dropped A LOT). The screen protector doesn’t distort like other brands do, very easily to install. Will definitely get from this company again for my other phones and tablets!
 Love it!  Easy to apply and super strong. It includes a wet and dry cleaning wipe for each protector, as well as a dry buffing cloth. The sticky tapes for the final dust pickup is just icing on the cake. The instructions make it very easy to apply accurately and it looks like it was factory applied. The two-pack means you can share with a friend and the price means you aren't getting reamed by the guys at the store for 10 times the price. Best purchase this week!
 I have used these and really like them. They work well, protect the phone screen and are very clear. Also, the company that sells these screen protectors is top notch! Customer service is amazing! When/if there is a problem with the protector I simply email them my amazon order number, upload a picture with the email and tell them my issue and within a day or less I have a response. I have had a couple screen protectors crack, yes, but the company always responses quickly and has sent me a replacement. I have not had any issue with the phones I use these on. Great product and company!!
 I had the foresight to buy these glass screen protectors in the event I screwed up applying  one that came with my iPhone case (and sure enough I did).  The application of the TechMatte screen was surprisingly easy, it looks and feels like the screen protector is pouring over the iphone, it is soooo flawless.  The glass is smooth and cool to the touch.  I absolutely love it and think you will too.
 I’ve had this screen protector for about 7 months so far I haven’t had any issues with this product; material feels very durable, feels and looks like there’s nothing on the screen and scratches can’t even be seen. Overall I’m happy with this product and I’d definitely buy it again.
 I have always thought theses things are a waste of money.  I had never dropped my phone and had never had an issue with a screen. Well last week I was in a hurry, forgot my phone in the car and went out to get it.  I was in a rush and didn't have a good grip on the phone and it went flying landing face down on asphalt. Three cracks appeared and I was sure my skepticism was well founded the glass cracked and the screen protector did nothing. After I showed it to my wife she suggested that I was clueless, she insisted on my purchasing this, and that all was good. To prove her point she pulled away the protector, which was much thicker than I recalled, and viola the protector cracked and the screen of my iPhone is fully intact.  Buying two more in anticipation of my future negligence.
 I don't normally do reviews  but after today I think it is appropriate.  I had this product on my iPhone 7. Today my phone bounced off my motorcycle at 30 mph and landed in the road. Before I could get to it a car ran over my phone  with both the front and back tire.  Some guy ran out and pick up my phone and I asked if it was OK. He said no dude sorry it was trashed.  I looked at it and he was right.  Then I remembered I had the tempered glass screen protector's which was shattered. I pulled it off and the phone is perfect.  No scratch no marks no nothing.  I am shocked.  But I have also ordered two more for my phone.
 Wife had a brand name protective case for her iPhone 7 which had a clear plastic screen protector built into the case.  The plastic protector screen eventually started showing scratches but she also said the tactile response was slow or she had to press harder on the screen.  I replaced the protective case with another without a built in protector and used your TechMatte adhesive glass protector on the phone.  Her comment was what a difference it has made.  Much more responsive screen.  Your glass protector was very easy to install too.
 Exactly as expected! The lip of the glass does not go all the way to the edge of the phone(in fact, it really just barely covers all the actual active screen) leading to possible upset over crookedness(or shadow-casting that misleads you to believe it is), and it is a noticeably higher surface, but it is very responsive and super handy!! My younger sister used the second one from the package and both of us- amateurs- were able to easily apply the screen protector while following instructions. The seller even sends a polite and helpful email around the time of delivery inviting questions and feedback directly; it adds a level of personability generally not found on internet sales sites.
 These protectors have been wonderful for both my daughters' iPhone 6Ss.  They're very easy to place on the screen because they have those little wing tabs.  Great glass that's thick enough to be protective, thin enough not to interfere with the touchscreen's responsiveness.  Fantastic customer service, too!  This is my go-to protector for iPhone screens.  I use the 7 Plus size for my phone also.
 5 stars so far- haven’t really dropped my phone to test the durability, but it seems similar to a much more expensive protector I used to use that cracked super easily if you didn’t get all the bubbles out (it was very difficult to get all of the bubbles out). This protector was SO easy to put on my phone. I was prepared to spend a lot of time trying to make it work but it went on so easily I got it on the first try. It’s also very transparent, I didn’t realize the cloudiness of my more expensive protector until I tried this one. Also as an added bonus, you get two protectors for the price of less than one of the “fancy” protectors
 I just reordered more of these. They are super easy to put on due to the little finger tabs that are part of the design and I have been using them on my phone for several years and they have protected the screen — I have butter fingers and drop my phone frequently and the screen protector takes the hit well and then I replace it when it cracks. My screen still looks brand new.
 Screen protector seems to be a little it smaller than the actual screen itself; not sure if its because it was cut very small or if because there is a slight tilt on the application. I would prefer it to be a little bit bigger, but still it was super easy to apply without any bubbles or voids.
 This glass protector is a steal for this price, especially for a pack of two. The setup is quite easy and there are lots of included tools, like dust stickers, cleaning wipes, and a card for pushing air bubbles out. I have had this for about a month or two now and I've only managed to crack it slightly across the front due to a drop without a case. My iPhone case with outer edges keeps the glass protector safe from damage and has held up very well. There is not really any glare at all, and it gives my phone that "new screen" feel for a fraction of the price of a new screen for my phone! The only con is that the card used to remove air bubbles is a bit frail, being made of a thick paper/cardboard, it tends to bend after a few tough swipes. Overall, I'm very impressed.
 I have bought these screen protectors several times now, as I have dropped my phone or upgraded to a new iPhone. This is a great price for a great product. Comes with two screen protectors and cleaning supplies to wipe your phone down before applying. It fit on both my iPhone 6S and iPhone 8 perfectly. This screen does not affect the quality of the phone screen at all. Would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for some extra protection.<br/><br/>I dropped my phone on concrete once and only the corner of the protective screen cracked - it was super easy to put on a new screen and for my phone to look like nothing happened. I'm also an extreme perfectionist, so it is nice that it comes with two screens in case I mess up applying the first one.
 This is my 3rd purchase of these screen protectors. I have 2 toddlers that LOVE my phone and so far I've gone through 3 of these protectors that have SAVED my phone screen!! I always keep a package on-hand so that when (not if) my kids shatter my screen protector, I can just throw a new one on. These screen protectors are AMAZING.<br/><br/>*update* 7/23/17 - still buying these suckers. Still work amazing. I even got a bonus third one in my last package and felt like I'd won the lottery...
 As some describe, the size of the glass is maybe 1.0mm narrower than it could be, but the manufacturer is correct that the iPhone screen is curved at the edges so no screen protectors go completely edge to edge.  The glass is exactly the same size as the phone's screen so you have to be exact in your placement.  Overall, a very good product.  It comes well packaged with all the cleaning clothes and cleaner needed to get a smooth installation.  The sticky tape came in especially handy  for removing a few specks of dust that wandered on to the screen before I could mount the glass.  Installation was a breeze.  I was up and running in less than 5 minutes with NO bubbles.  Glass protectors are much, much easier and give a better result than those flexible film kind.  I purchased this product and was not paid to review it.  It's really a good buy.
 I used the plastic screen protectors for years and they would look like junk so quickly.  This tempered glass screen protector looks brand new after months of use.  It looks so good it's hard to tell I have a screen protector at all.  My phone has survived some terrible falls.  I used to cringe every time my phone took a tumble and I feel much more confident that it will survive with this screen protector.<br/><br/>UPDATE 2/22/17<br/>My phone just took a huge fall onto a concrete floor and my heart sank when I flipped it over and saw all of the broken glass.  I peeled the screen protector off and was shocked to find that my phone is perfectly fine!  I put the second screen protector on and I'm good to go.  These things are amazing!
 I'm on my 3ed screen from amFilm (Second 2-pack tempered glass), and I'm very happy with these screen protectors. I get very particular about screen protectors, especially about them being centered properly, and these tempered glass protectors are very easy to install. They allow you to set them perfectly centered since they don't actually take hold of the phone screen until light pressure is applied to the screen protector against it - you can see it as it adheres, press down in the middle once you have it where you want it for best results. They are also very easy to remove, I've removed two -very- shattered screens so far and by simply pulling up away from the screen, the screen protector came off in one piece, and there was absolutely no damage to the phone screen below.<br/><br/>All in all, they work very well and have saved my phone screen on countless occasions.<br/><br/>Note: I was NOT compensated at all to make this review. I paid full price like the rest of us, and I'm happy enough with them that I decided to write a review.
 I have bought these multiple times. Over time they’ll chip and crack but the price point allowed me to swap them without second guessing, usually every couple months or so because I’m peculiar about the details. I put on the first one from this set and it had a huge halo effect so I thought it might’ve been a defective one. Applied the second one and had the same issue. Very irritating.  Going to give it a second try by ordering another set. Don’t feel like going through the process of filing a complaint and waiting to hear back. Will have to wait and see if it’s any different.
 This is the second time I have purchased this screen protector and I love it! My husband and I split the first pack of 2, otherwise I probably would not have needed to buy a second time for another year+. This would also likely last longer if you have a more protective phone case. I wanted more of a decorative case rather than a big, bulky, indestructible one, so I decided that pairing that with the tempered glass was the way to go. It held up for a long time for the price so I was very pleased (I'm also pretty hard on my phone and a little clumsy, so I'm sure it would have lasted even longer if not for that). Small cracks occurred over the year+ that I had it, but so much better than having a crack in my actual screen and paying $120 to get my screen fixed. HIGHLY recommend!
 So far this has protected my phone's screen. I am slightly disappointed because it (my first one - 2 in a package) is already cracked from top to bottom and had scratches on it before that. The screen protector I had for my previous phone never got scratches nor cracked like this - and I had it on my phone much longer (2 years versus a couple of months). I wish I remembered what brand I got before! Either way, I give 4 stars because my phone's screen (from what I can tell) is still in perfect condition! That was the purpose of buying this and it did its job.
 Ok, I know there are several glass screen protectors on the market, and my last one did really well.  But this one is a whole other level.  The kit it comes with is complete, has everything you need to get a great install, clear instructions, all the cleaning stuff you need and suggestions like applying it in a bathroom with hot water running to keep the dust down.  But the thing that puts this one over the top, the ease of installation with their tabs.  It is so easy I could do it.  Perfect install in just a minute or two.  And the price, can't beat it for two.  This is the screen protector I would buy if I were you.
 It’s easy to install on your phone.  My old case had a protector built in but somehow stuff always got underneath it.  I would get so frustrated taking it apart to clean it every other day.  Now I no longer have that problem.  I have used other screen protectors but this is by far the easiest to install and looks the best.  It’s also a little thicker so you have more protection incase you accidentally drop your phone.
 These are the best screen protectors I've ever used. I found them very easy to install and I'm amazed how well they work. Fingerprints just disappear! I've never had to wipe off my phone. The thin, bear-to-install, bubble-filled protectors I used to use were always dirty. These will show swipe marks after use but they vanish fast.<br/><br/>If you are looking for something to cover your screen completely, you may be disappointed in these. However, they go right up to the curved edge on my iPhone 7 and that's good enough for me. There also shouldn't be an issue with most cases not fitting correctly with these.
 I'm writing this review because I'm currently buying my second pair. They do what I wanted a screen protector to do protect my screen from scratches and on rare occasions drops. They are not infallible they do get small cracks over time but they last long and maintained clear and transparent and believe me my phone gets a lot of bumps and drops at work it's been almost a year and now I used the second one because I finally got a bigger crack in the other. It's easy to romove even with cracks and when you do you'll see you iPhone screen like new. I will continue buying these protectors they're cheap and last a reasonable amount of time under heavy use witch is what I needed. I combine these with a good case and my phone still like new good product and value.
 Very easy to install and get no bubbles or dust particles under protector as long as you follow the directions which are included with the product. TechMatte also sent me a link to a YouTube video where you can watch someone do it. To be honest, after watching I didn't believe it could be as easy as running your finger down the middle one time to get it seat with no problem, but it did! I couldn't be happier with the product! Be sure to go to techmatte.com/register so you have their full protection on your phone!
 It was a bit painful to buy a new iPhone as expensive as they now are. I read how with their super duper screen you didn't need a screen protector. I watched videos of people trying to scratch the screen with keys etc so decided to go without. Ii always hated trying to put on those plastic screen covers. They looked dull and we're difficult to put on, always a bubbles some where. After a few months of bouncing around in my purse address Nick's did appear on my screen. I had read about the glass protectors so ordered this one. It was super easy to put on, even for a klutz like me! The screen looks shiny and new. So far so good. I would surely recommend this product.
 The instruction video ( ...]) in the email I received didn't even use the Dust Removal/Hinge Stickers.  I felt I shouldn't have used them and just do it the same way as the video did.  Also, the dry wipe pad kept leaving lint on the phone surface (I used compressed air to blow the lints away).<br/><br/>You do get two pieces, so I might use the second one eventually to try and get the application better.  The tempered glass itself feels really good, and the fit on my iPhone 7 looks really accurate.
 This is the best protector. I've bough many glass protector from many discount retailers including Five Below, Marshalls, TJ Maxx but none of them come close to this one. Other glass protector will start to crack on the corner and may start to crack from the corner toward the center of the screen. I've had to replace the glass protector every 3 months or so becuase it will start to crack. I've had this for several months and I haven't see any sign of crack on this. I recommend for everyone to get if you don't want to pay over $150 for screen repair at the Apple Store.
 Wow! Everything is provided to put on an incredible protector - two prep-pads (wet / dry), cloth, stiff smoothing card, tabs along the sides of the protector so you can easily line it up to the screen...and here's the best part: small tacky strips to get those small little pieces of lint that find their way on your screen after cleaning!<br/><br/>Protector itself is exactly the same with as the digitizer screen, and didn't interfere w/ the case (average bumper styled case). Yes, i'd definitely buy again. Highly recommended!
 This is my first ever Amazon review, but over a year later I felt like this is one product that is worthy! First of all, this is incredibly inexpensive for a tempered glass screen protector. My boyfriend went to AT&amp;T for his and spent $50 for one. Sure, they installed it for him, but with the clear instructions and cleaning clothes provided in this kit, you will be able to do just as good of a job as the professionals. Anyway, I applied the first of these screen protectors as soon as I received my new iPhone. The first screen protector lasted an entire year before it was cracked (as a result of me dropping my phone several times). I just applied the second of the two protectors and it’s like having a new phone! I’m confident in a year when I replace it again, it will be just as good! I feel very comfortable knowing my phone screen is well protected by these nifty screen protectors and at such a low price!
 I’m currently on my second screen protector and astonished by the protection it gives!<br/>During a series of unfortunate events, I dropped my iPhone 8 screen first approximately 3’ onto loose gravel and was hesitant to pick it up. The protector was cracked on multiple gravels but the screen underneath remained pristine!!<br/>I would recommend this to anyone who has a touch screen cellphone.
 These protectors were super easy to put on bubble-free and fit quite well. Their width is just enough to cover your screen, I think making them a millimeter or two wider would go a long way but don't foresee any problems, it'd just be for peace of mind. I like how there's a hole for the proximity sensor too, other protectors don't have that. Overall, it's a solid product.<br/><br/>UPDATE: it's been about a month now and they've started bubbling up. They've protected my screen, that's for sure, but all tempered glass protectors I've used have done that. These are okay, but I've had others for longer before needing to be replaced.
 I bought this based on all the reviews but it has been a so-so product. The application of the protector was pretty straight forward. Follow the instructions and you are fine. The issue that I have is that now after only 3 days of the protector being on my screen, the edges are starting to pull up. You can see where it is not adhering to the screen like it should. The bottom right corner of my phone is the worst; about 1/4 inch is not adhering to the screen. When I push it down, you can see it make contact them slowly start to release. The same situation is happening all around the edges of the protector just not as bad as the corner.
 Well worth the $6 for two of them. Doesn’t sit completely flat on my iPhone 7- the top corners are slightly bowed out. I thought this might be installation but when the first one cracked (probably instead of my screen, which is good!) and I applied the second one, the top again doesn’t sit right.  Otherwise it’s a good bargain and better than a vinyl protector.
 I like this screen protector.  It went on very easily with great coverage.  It has been easy to clean and gives me confidence that my screen will be protected.  I was very pleased with the price that gave me two screen protectors.  I bought another screen protector  for my IPhone 5S about four years ago and paid ten dollars just for the one.  This is a very good deal and I was pleased that it arrived so quickly.
 I kinda hate giving perfect product reviews, but I was in the market for a glass screen protector for my iPhone 7, and decided to do a little research prior to paying a lot for the brand I typically use. TheWirecutter said this was their pick, and it costs so little - for 2 protectors! - I had to give it a try. Super easy to install (not always true for the other brands I've tried. Had a bubble, but lifted a corner with my fingernail, let it drop, and the bubble was gone. Been using it for a couple weeks now, even keeping it in my pocket with keys. Couldn't be happier.
 Well made. Applied without any bubbles except on the sides of the screen there is a long about a millimeter thick bubble that I cannot seem to get rid of. That only happened with one of the two screen protectors that came with it though, the other one applied flawlessly. I highly recommend getting this product.
 I purchased this as a gift for our daughter because her glass screen protector was broken in several places.  I picked this one because it was Prime and it came with two screen protectors.  The packaging without any damage to the screen protectors.  It came with screen cleaner and card to press out any bubbles.  I really liked the placement tabs on each end of the protector which made placing it on the phone much easier.  I had one small area where a piece of dust was caught so I lifted the corner and placed the dust remover sticker face up and removed the speck from the sticky side of the screen protector.  This was the easiest screen protector I have put on phone and will recommend this product to anyone.
 I followed the directions to a T on installation.  Still ended up with a couple of small bubbles, not a big deal.  Phone got squished in couch, screen got hit, and broke protector not Iphone Screen. Sweet, did its job.  Brings me to putting on the second one.  Followed the directions to a T again. But this time not so good.  No bubbles, but no adhesion around each corner.  So the proector is going to catch on something in my pocket and probably come off.  LAME.  I know this is a cheaper method than the ones at the verizon store, but still lame.  The protector i had before these two lasted about a year and half.  I am pretty careful with my phone.  So all in all i guess you get what you pay for.  I am going to contact the company and hopefully then will send me a replacement with some more glue around the egdes.  We will see.
 I have had a few broken screens from accidentally dropping my phone from say- a stoop chair level height. This is usually how iphone screens tend to break. Face down. That feeling that you get, right as you're about to bend down and see if you just f*** yourself out of time and money. The result if you don't have a screen protector? You guessed it. Shattered or cracked screen. I'm sharing my review tonight because I am in awe of how this screen just went WAY above what it should be able to handle. I was riding my bike pretty swiftly down a busy street when my phone suddenly slips out of my pocket and goes flying high, before hitting the concrete and landing of course, face down. I get off my bike immediately to run to the middle of the road, waling my arms to tell these cars to not run my phone over. In horror, I watch an oncoming car drive over my phone. As soon as the road clears, I bend down to pick up the phone and that feeling again. Except this time, I turn my phone over and find that the screen protector had every so slightly cracked and the rest is was a lot of me in pure joy and happiness for not having to deal with the hassle of replacing the phone/screen. This is an amazing product! Thank you.
 My old screen protector was severely cracked so I bought this 2 pack to replace it and have a backup. This particular brand was the easiest to apply to my cell phone and came with wipes, an air bubble removal tool, easy/concise instructions and the glass screen protectors. Took me less than 2 minutes and it has worked great, enduring one notable drop so far and there's no cracks/scratches on my screen. It's about 2-3 weeks old, new but doing good so far.
 This is the first tempered glass screen protector I have ever purchased and so far I really like it.<br/>I am usually pretty good at installing screen protectors but I did mess up the first installation (my own fault) and had to use the second screen protector. The instructions are pretty easy to follow and I like that this kit had the bubble squeegee and 2 sets of wet and dry clothes to wipe the screen. When you go to put the screen protector on, make sure it is your FINAL placement because you cant take it back off and re-position like some of the plastic screen protectors (this was my mistake). When you try to reapply there will be a permanent "bubble" or imperfection at the corner where you try to take it off. Other than that, this is a great protector and I would definitely repurchase in the future if needed.
 This product is what I was looking for, however when I opened my package and was preparing to use it, the glass screen protector didn't have any sticky film over it. So that was unusable, luckily this box has two so I was able to use the other one that did thankfully have the sticky adhesive cover on it. I am disappointed because I was hoping to have a backup, now I don't because I had to already use the second one upon just receiving it.<br/><br/>UPDATE: The company sent me replacements, excellent customer service.
 Excellent product and great value. This came with two screen protectors and I used one on my iPhone 7 and one on my wife's iPhone 7. The instructions are easy to follow and the screen shield fits perfectly. This is the first time I have installed screen protectors without all the bubbles and imperfections. This install was the easiest and no imperfections after installation. I had to look twice because it fit so well.
 did research and though almost all of the glass screen protectors do not fully cover the iphone6 due to the curved edge of the screen, this one appeared to be the largest by a couple of mm. didnt want to pay 10 times what i did for two glass protectors to get the one brand that does have a curved edge that goes over the curved edge with a curved glass edge protector. love the exterior tabs that help aligning the glass screen protector during installation. works perfectly with the otterbox commuter case, no issue with overlap or delaminating due to case and screen protector conflicting.
 Best Screen protector.  I have had this for several months and finally dropped my phone.  The protector experienced a slight crack and saved my phone.  I have purchased additional ones for friends and family.  A few minutes ago, I placed my third order because I just had my phone replaced.  You will not find a better protector especially for this price.  The installation was super easy and I even received an email from the seller inquiring if I had any concerns.  Top notch!
 I just want to let you know that, after multiple phone drops, my iPhone 7 screen is still in pristine condition. I dropped it the other day and was sure that I had cracked the screen. Well, your screen protector had cracked, but when I took of the screen protector, I was very happy to find that my iPhone screen underneath was still PERFECT. So, thank you!<br/><br/>Update: I also contacted customer service and they offered to replace the cracked screen protector... and I didn't even ask for that. Wow, what great customer service.
 I purchased this for my wife's phone. She will just drop it into her purse with keys and everything else the kids or myself throws in there on a daily basis. I wanted good protection for a good price, and these protectors fit that bill. The creator really thought out how the new phones were designed and gave the best chance to cover as much screen as possible without sacrificing the aesthetics of the phone. The installation was very fast and I had no issues at all getting all of the bubbles from under the glass.<br/><br/>Given that I only installed the screen last night, I'll update after a month or so and give an update on the abuse it has taken.
 I purchased this over a year ago.  I do not use a case.  We’ll last week my iphone 7 fell out of my pocket and fell about 5 ft on a tile floor.  The screen protector cracked, but my phone screen was protected.  I am more than impressed.  I am going to put this back on again.  It is thicker than other protectors I have used and now I see why.  The touch functionality including the 3d touch works perfectly.  This is a great product.
 I just received and fitted my new screen protector. I like that the product comes in a 2 pack for the same price as some of the single packs. This screen proctor had two tabs at top and bottom of it which i hadn't seen before that made it extremely easy to fit onto my phone perfectly. It came with all the wipes etc for a solid, bubble free fit. What i really like is that it comes with a warranty. Once you register the product on their website they will send you a replacement for your next two broken screens and as this is a two pack, as i understand it, it means that your next 4 screens are free.<br/>I cannot comment on the durability as I just fitted it but it seems to be of the same quality as ones I've used and liked in the past.
 I dropped my phone in the parking and completely shattered the screen even though I had an ANKER screen protector on. The ANKER screen protector didn't do anything and was in fact better shape than my actual phone screen underneath it. I bought a new phone and then purchased these screen protectors because they were the least expensive and had the best overall customer ratings and reviews. I dropped my phone AGAIN last night in the same parking lot, flat on it's face. The protector took it like a champ and shattered, leaving my phone screen untouched and perfect, despite the fall. I HIGHLY recommend these and I will continue to purchase these!
 Love this iphone cover. I drop my phone quite a lot and have a pretty basic clear plastic case around the outside. Paired with these screen protectors, my phone stays in great shape. I can vouch that my phone fell straight onto concrete (I'm 5'10'' so I'm not close to the ground) and this screen protector continuously protects my phone screen. I just bought another pack because after a few falls from decent height, the screen protector cracked...but my phone didn't! I have a hard time feeling bad for people who crack their phone screens when there are products such as these to protect it. This keeps my phone's screen in great shape. Highly recommend.
 It’s okay for the price. It’s pretty thick, which is something I’m not used to. The extra thickness seems to attract and trap dirt in the cut outs. It claims to be scratch resistant but mine already has scratches from casual (and careful) use. It was, however, easy to install and is doing what it’s supposed to do, which is protect my actual phone screen. Not bad.
 I was concerned with installation--afraid it would be hard to get the screen clean enough, or get the protector lined up right.  It does take some care to line up well--especially at the camera lens--but it worked fine and has been in place for several unkind months with no issues.  I don't know if it has saved my screen, but I know it hasn't hurt anything and gives me a little more confidence.
 Seems to be a good quality glass cover and it is easy to apply. The manufacturer goes the extra mile to provide tools to get the protector on the phone without bubbles. As with all protective covers, the biggest hassle is keeping the lint off the phone as you apply it. A steamed up bathroom helps keep flying dust bunnies under control. The price is much better than the mobile phone stores or most typical stores that sell such things. No issue with tactile response when operating the iPhone.
 I found this pack of two screen protectors to be everything I needed. The packaging was great, instructions were clear, everything needed was included, and actually installing the screen protector was much easier than I thought. It has been a few weeks and it hasn’t budged. No air bubbles whatsoever. Best of all, the product was affordable and it seems to work because I drop my phone at least once a day and it hasn’t been scratched or cracked at all.
 I have had this product for over a month and it works great!  It had excellent packaging and the directions were simple to follow.  It has a practical process for the application and in comparing prices, you get 2 for just a bit more than the price of one.  Though I followed the directions, I did get a bubble underneath but after working at for just 5 to 10 minutes or so, it became much smaller and after some use, it went away altogether.  This is a great product and really looks just like the original surface.  Glad that it came from a  company here in the USA (Pittsburgh) and they reached out to me after the purchase to see how I liked it.  Nice to say that it was exactly as advertised with good follow up.
 This is alright, but I dislike how it fits on my phone (iPhone 8). It doesn't cover the whole face and the bubbling is really really hard to avoid, especially around the edges, since it stops before the edge and you can see where it stops and it gets a bit of air under it. Protects really well and doesn't detract from screen quality or anything though.
 Bought this in Feb for my iPhone 6s. I followed the instructions to a T, doing the hot shower and everything. First two were ruined by dust somehow still getting underneath. I used the stickers to try and get everything even when I didn't see anything. I spent 10-15 minutes each attempt trying to make sure absolutely nothing was there. I cleaned between each try. Nothing seemed to work to get the dust. I was sent a replacement set, and only the 4th attempt did I finally get a bubble free one. It broke and did its job quite well when I dropped it, and i got 2 more to replace it. Both of these two tries failed to be bubble free as well. At some point, I have to wonder if there is a issue with dust on them out of the box or the stickers may not be as clean as hoped. Either way, going 1/6 with bubble free placement is not something I can recommend.
 Much to my chagrin, I am a Chandler Bing... aka I am "a dropper". I drop my phone pretty frequently, but thanks to the combination of amFilm and my Spigen phone case, I've been able to avoid any major phone damage so far.<br/><br/>The worst drop was when I dropped my phone face down onto the wire rack that sits on the bottom of the shopping cart. The face of the phone made full contact with the metal and the amFilm was shattered. Though initially mortified, I was soon after flooded with relief, as I found that the phone's original glass screen underneath the film was undamaged. I then triumphantly declared (in my head) that this was exactly what I bought this screen for! For moments such as these!
 I bought these and ruined the first one on installation (my fault, did not seek replacement). Second one went on pretty easily, but cracked in just a few weeks. Material is very thin, wasn't sure if it would last or not and it didn't. I'm very careful with my phone and didn't drop it, crack just seemed to show up. Clarity is good, I will give it that. Will not purchase again.
 So I am giving this a two because the protector does its job. I dropped it multiple times and only the screen protector was damaged. Today I dropped it screen first on concrete and it landed on two rocks and my phone is fine. I am giving it two stars because when I went to use the second screen provided in the pack, the glue that is used to adhere the screen protector to my phone created permanent marks on the screen. I used a cleaner with a microfiber cloth to clean it but it just won’t come off.<br/><br/>I bought this because it was cheap and I needed a screen protector quickly. So it does it’s job with the negative side affect that when I decide that I want to use a case that doesn’t require a screen protector I will forever will have these marks on my phone. My opinion is just buy a more expensive one that wont do this to your phone.
 I've installed protective films onto iPhones for several family members so I've gotten good at it. But this glass protector almost installed itself. I used the hinge method and this kit included everything I needed for the installation. I was able to position the glass the way I wanted. There were no bubbles to squeeze out, unlike with those film protectors. It's true that the glass doesn't reach all the way to the edges, so it might look like it was cut too short, but I've read the manufacturers explanation and I'm fine with it. The glass surface feels a lot smoother then film protectors. I will buy this brand again and will recommend to friends and family.
 Instructions were overboard for sticking a simple glass sticker on a phone. I don't know if the company got complaints or if people just don't know how to apply decals anymore and extract air bubbles, but this was easy peasy to install without air bubbles using the provided cleaner.<br/><br/>Always a fan of the two-for-one, nice to have a spare for another phone.
 This is a great cover/protector for the phone. I dropped my iPhone 8 and it slammed the face right across the corner of a heavy wooden table and onto the floor. With fear and trepidation in my heart I picked up my phone and saw the shatter and crack running across the screen. But it was only this cover! My phone is fine and I’m buying a new protector right now to replace the one that sacrificed itself for me.
 I did not realize this after buying them for my iPhone 8, but these protectors are purposely designed to not completely cover the front of your phone, but rather leave a gap around all edges. This is for supposed strength and fit with phone cases. Besides that the protectors seem very strong and lasted a few short drops after having them on for over a month. Installation was very easy and the kit comes with everything you need to do it home.
 These are incredible. I have really put them to the test, too. Multiple times I have dropped my phone so hard! Once, the screen protector actually shattered, but thankfully my screen was perfectly intact. Conveniently, I had purchased a 2 pack on accident. The 2nd time I dropped my phone so hard that even though my screen was fully intact, the inside part was somehow broken. This brand has a forever customer, especially with their reasonable prices!
 I've had problems getting similar screen protectors cleanly applied in the past. Not so for this product - supplies to clean, dry, and remove dust before application and tabs on protector make for easiest application I've ever done. Note that edges of iPhone glass surface are curved - pay very close attention to getting this centered along vertical axis or you'll have air gaps along the sides. 2-pack allows do-over if you completely botch first attempt OR application for your own and a family/friend's phone.<br/><br/>Great price when compared to prices charged for installation of similar products at local mall.
 This screen cover went on very easily and protects my iPhone investment.  My iPhone has my entire financial life fully infused throughout it's hardware and cloud network.  This screen cover is in addition to a folio case.  I feel confident my device is protected from those unexpected events that can deprive people of their everyday interaction capability.
 I have always bought the screen protector that they sell at the store, at the same time that I purchase my phone.<br/>I dropped my phone directly on a tile floor and the screen did it's job!  The protector was trashed, but the phone was great.  I decided to see if I could find one on Amazon.  I wish I had known all along that this product was available for such a great price.  I see no difference in the quality of the screen protector....but it sure costs less!
 You know how badly you need a screen protector the time you drop your phone and your screen saver cracks, and you think to yourself "this could have been the screen cracked".  And than you remember that when you ordered there where two of them in the package, and now you can use the spare one so easily.  I would never use my phone without a protector, and this particular one fits just right, stays put, and does its job.
 I loved that it came with all the supplies you can imagine for a perfect clean result during application<br/><br/>I have an iPhone 8 and it fits slightly small on the perimeter. In all fairness, the box does give a disclaimer that this is done on purpose to accommodate the design of most cases. Unfortunately, my case has thin edges so you can see the gap between Case &amp; screenprotector
 I’ve bought this product for my family’s iPhones and iPads for the past few years. It’s saved us from expensive glass repairs on my kids’ ipads (When paired with a good protective case), as well as on our phones. My husband dropped his phone the week after I put this on... the screen protector cracked but his phone was unscathed. These come in packs of two, so if one cracks, you can install another.
 The absolute only thing I can find to complain about in regards to this screen protector is the fact it doesn't cover edge to edge on my Iphone7, but it gets pretty good coverage and doesn't distract from the images on my phone so it's all good. ^-^<br/><br/>I've fumbled and dropped my phone a few times on thin carpet, and it's still in one piece, so I suppose that means it's doing it's job.<br/><br/>The only other thing I recommend is read the instructions it comes with before installing it onto your phone. It comes with 2 protectors in the box, but if you follow the instructions from the jump, you shouldn't have to worry about any air bubbles or dust particles being caught behind your protector.<br/><br/>All in all, it's a good product. Well worth the money.
 I never write reviews, but my experience with TechMatte was so lovely that I felt obligated to share the kindness they gave me!<br/>I bought these after I got an iPhone 6S. I have used plastic screen protectors in the past but found these at a good price and thought why not. Never had a tempered glass screen protector before so I was excited to see how the two differed. Unfortunately when they were delivered to me, they were stolen out of the unlocked parcel locker (mail man never put the key in my mailbox and just left it unlocked). When I contacted TechMatte after they sent an email about applying the screens correctly, I told them about my predicament and how sad I was that someone just came along and swiped my package. Emily from TechMatte instantly replied, apologizing and offering to send me a new set completely free! I was shocked and delighted. Got the new screen savers a few days later and couldn't be more happy.<br/>The screen protectors are a little smaller than the actual screen because the sides are curved, but it fits just fine. The application process is super easy and they give you some screen wipes to wipe away all the dust and stuff so it doesn't bubble. Once it's on, it feel just like the normal glass screen and makes me feel safer putting my phone in my purse or backpack.<br/>All in all, I'm super happy with the support staff and the product itself!
 This was by far the easiest screen protector I have ever applied. I started to grow fond of the screen protectors that came with a spray/squeegee, but this completely changed my mind. I was able to apply this with ease. Had to readjust a couple of times to get it lined up perfectly, but even that wasn't an issue.<br/>This is a fantastic product and I will definitely be using this for future phones.
 Bought this screen protector on Sept. 24, 2016. Used the 1st screen protector with my iPhone 7 then, served the purposed well, until I have to hand in to Apple due to the software malfunction in November 2018. I received a phone replacement and I used the 2nd screen protector. My 'brand new' iPhone 7 will stay for another 3 years as my husband said.  My heart plunged to the ground when I dropped my phone face down at a public park parking lot - hard asphalt. Sure enough, i saw a crack crossed the screen. I was planning to bring my phone to replace the screen. However, after reading all the review about this screen protector, I have hope that it will only be the screen protector.<br/>I am so happy to find that it's ONLY the screen protector that cracked!<br/>I am buying amFilm Glass Screen Protector again as I type this!
 Second purchase. I really like this protector because it comes with everything you need to get a nice, clean application. I like that it has wipes and the stickers to pick up dust before you apply the screen. Nothing is more annoying than that little piece of dust under your screen protector! The glass feels good, just like the actual screen. I've cracked a few of the protectors from dropping my phone, but my phone is still fine, so it's doing the job.  The screen is very affordable...why spend $40 at T-Mobile? This is the same thing!
 After seeing how well this screen protector works, it's hard to justify the prices I see being charged for other models. The support on this product is also exceptional, an email arrives even befor the item with offers of help and links to installation videos. They truly want to make sure you get the product installed properly and enjoy it. I used the standard install instructions (using the built in tabs) as opposed to the more elaborate video method. It worked perfectly and the screen is crystal clear; you get two of these protectors, cleaning wipes, squeegee, and tabs for about $8. What more can I say, great value, great product, great support.
 The product was easy to install, comes with wipes/cleaner, adhesive strips to clean off debris, and easy to do. I only rated 4 stars because of the edges. It has a small portion of the protector that doesn't adhere due to the curved glass of the iPhone. It still does what it is supposed to do and am happy with the purchase and would buy it again!
 when we purchased our iphones, the salesman convinced us to also purchase their $40 screen protector that will be replaced anytime it shatters "free of charge"... notice how i quoted that? thats because we had to pay a $6 shipping fee every time the protector shattered and needed it replaced. not exactly free.<br/><br/>this screen protector is great, its already our 2nd time purchasing it.. they look exactly like the expensive ones and last just as long. quality and materials are the same. and for the price?? how can one go wrong!! will continue to purchase these and not be fooled at the cellphone store.
 The quality of these are impressive. I received a pack of two as promised. I ran into a snag applying the first one but contacted the seller and they immediately responded and offered to replace it. The second one went on super easy, with no bubbles and no hassle. My screen looks clear and works perfectly. It also doesn’t leave smudgy fingerprints like some cheaper versions I have had. I typically opt for screen protectors from walmart but after my most recent one cracked after a few weeks I decided to try something different and I’m honestly glad that I did. Will be ordering from them again for sure!!
 ....And I've tried them all over the years... I started using  screen protectors way back when on my BlackBerry 7600; and every phone since then. I had favored the "flexible" type, and was a die-hard Boxwave fan. When I got my iPhone 6 last year, Verizon threw in one of their branded glass protectors. I was quite satisfied with it as far as clarity, ease of cleaning etc.  Recently, my iPhone took a "face plant" from about 4 feet onto a hard tile floor. The glass screen protector did it's job and absorbed the shock; sacrificing itself in the process, but protecting the phone screen. I stopped by VZ to get a replacement, and they wanted $23.00! Usurious! Did a little research on Amazon, &amp; decided to give amFilm, sold by TechMatte, a try. Not only was the price very reasonable, but you get 2 protectors! It went on very easily (be sure and check out the installation hints on the web site. They make *ALL* the difference in the worldl! The "hinge" method" is brilliant, for those OCD types like me who "demand" a perfectly centered protector). I have every confidence that this protector will protect my phone from its next "face plant", and will be checking out what other products TechMatte has to offer.
 This company has very good customer service, but these screen protectors do not work for the iPhone 8.<br/>My first set of protectors had defects (one had a large defect and both had a tiny defect), and the least-flawed one would not cling to the corners or edges of the screen. I have used glass screen protectors for years and am very familiar with them.<br/>They sent replacements after I contacted them, but I've just installed one of the new ones and it still will not cling to the edges or corners of my brand-new, very clean screen. I even installed the protector in a steamy room like they suggest (though again -  dust is NOT the issue. I know what dust under a screen protector looks like).<br/>I'm disappointed. I really wanted to leave a good review, and I especially wanted a product that works as advertised.
 I’m so disappointed. Had this on my phone and a nice case and sitting in my car, phone slipped out of my pocket and from the short fall to the ground maybe 1 foot, the screen protector cracked but so did my entire iPhone screen underneath it!! I’m very disappointed in the product because Over the years I’ve purchased many other brands that have been amazing and save the screen, this brand sucks. Don’t buy it!
 This is THE BEST kit I have ever used for my iPhones! Fantastic quality and super easy to apply! no bubbles if you clean your phone properly. Start by double washing your hands, and drying them with paper towel. Then clean the ENTIRE phone. You can use some glass cleaner on a soft paper towel. Make sure you get every last bit of dust and prints off of it, especially the face. Then follow their application directions. Easy.
 I have been purchasing these from this company for 5 years and will continue<br/>The price is excellent the application is great and the protection is amazing<br/>I have cracked a few of these from the million times I drop my phone but once I take it off to replace the actual screen is in perfect condition<br/>Other companies I have returned. I have to go into my old Amazon order history to make sure I order the same one<br/>Highly recommend
 I am a die-hard tempered glass screen protector user. They have saved my phone's screen more times than I can count! I was a bigger fan of their aesthetics back before the iPhones started curving their screens and made it so these don't go from end to end, but I can deal with it to have this type of protector over the old sticker kind.<br/><br/>These are very easy to put on and, when the time comes, come off very cleanly and easily. This does NOT interfere with the 3D Touch of the 6S. Like I have said, I have dropped my phone in a ton of ways on a ton of surfaces. Whenever it's been in a way that would shatter the screen, the protector has taken the brunt of the hit and left my phone unscathed. That's one of the reasons I get the 2 pack. So that I have a spare around for when I inevitably break these.
 I normally hate screen protectors and feel they can degrade my experience. However, this one is fantastic! I watched in amazement as it practically applied itself to my iPhone screen. There was barely a bubble to be seen, and the only small ones were easily smoothed out. Looks and feels just like the device's own glass. Will never buy another brand of screen protector. Just ordered one for my iPad
 This is a really great quality screen protector. Super easy to put on your phone and can last for a long time. My boyfriend and I each just bought one and I know we won’t have to buy another one for a long time because of its great quality. Definitely would recommend getting this for your phone! Very durable and thick and if it does get cracked, your original phone screen remains intact.
 Excellent quality!<br/><br/>I was looking for a tempered glass screen protector with a good amount of thickness, clear, no bubble around the sides of the screen and no fingerprint smudges. Had tried several others with good reviews but didn't come out as expected until I installed this one, I could notice the difference immediately, all I was looking for. Installation was the easiest, no need for screen frame for assistance.
 This company put together a serious kit for installing these screen protectors. The kit includes wet/dry lens wipes, screen protectors, a card for pushing out air bubbles, instructions, and some extra sticky tabs for aligning/applying the screen protectors. Apparently it also comes with a 12 month guarantee. The screen protectors aren't thin and flimsy like most. These are pretty heavy duty, thick. I've heard that screen protector made of this material tend to chip, but the warrantee leads me to believe they have confidence in their product. Im in love with this company now. I only wish I could find other products and companies that put this much pride in their work.
 So, I had read a lot of the reviews for this product. Some of the issues and comments were: too small, too hard to put on, broken on delivery. Some said the opposite.<br/><br/>My expierence is on the awesome side.<br/>My screens came intact. If they had been broken it would most likely have been the shippers problem, but from what I can see with the customer service side if this company, they want you completely satisfied. So a broken screen protector would have been replaced.<br/><br/>Yes, the screen protector does not go from edge to edge. This would require the protector to be curved on the long edges to properly cover the front glass of the iPhone. The Seller states CLEARLY that this protector does NOT do that. (I saw other sellers not disclaim that the protector did not go edge to edge.) which to me then says they can’t be trusted to tell you the whole truth. TechMatte did explain this, so I felt that they could be trusted. I feel that the protector protects my screen very well. I have a case on my phone as well and I felt that a larger screen protector would have been a problem.<br/><br/>This was WAY EASIER to put on than the flimsy screen protector that I put on my iPad. The iPad (flimsy) screen protector has a lot of bubbles. Where as my iPhone screen protector (TechMatte) is bubble free. I could have centered it better. The first time I put it on it was way off center so I removed it and put it back on a second time. I’m VERY SATISFIED with the TechMatte screen protector.<br/>  Easy installation.<br/> Sized so you can use a case that does not have front screen cover.<br/> Not broken when shipped.<br/> A courteous customer service center who are willing and able to assist you with your purchase.<br/><br/>*Update* The Customer Service is more than 5 stars. My screen protector cracked and they immediately contacted me back after I emailed them. They replaced my broken screen protector with a new set of two. They were:<br/>Prompt<br/>Courteous<br/>Easy to contact<br/>Easy to communicate with<br/><br/>All I had to do was send them a picture of my cracked screen protector and they sent out the replacement right away. Customer Service was more than Awesome. Thank you,
 I think they either changed their designs or changed manufacturers.  I bought these before and they always worked great but this time it felt different and also the edge didn’t fit well. Edges were lifting and would not stay adhered even after I pressed on them :(  The glasses seems thicker than before.  I don’t expect them to last since they’re already lifting.
 This is the second pack I have purchased from this seller.  The only reason I had to purchase a second pack was because I was not careful when transferring the screen protector to a new phone.  It cracked, but that was my fault.  I hopped on Amazon and ordered another set.  These are long lasting!  I have never had an issue with it scratching, like some plastic screen protectors I have had in the past.  They are not only durable, but affordable. My husband also has this screen protector on his iPhone and really likes it.
 I'm working at T-Mobile so I'm very familiar with applying those sorts of tempered glass. But when I tried to install this glass to my iPhone 7, the edge area still has bubbles no matter how hard I tried to fix it. Going over the reviews and pictures on Amazon, I think that I have received a defected product. Perhaps they keep it in stock for long time so the adhesive does not work really well. I will return this and reorder a new one. Hopefully that I can change this review after receiving a new one.
 I've had this on my phone for a few months now and didn't pay much attention to it, until today! I dropped my phone on the ground and when I picked it up there were big cracks on the screen.<br/><br/>Fortunately when I got home and took the screen protector off it had absorbed all the damage and my phone screen was untouched.
 Literally the first day I had this screen protector on my phone it was scratched to the point that I had to remove it- from having it in my pocket with my keys.  I didn't drop it and I didn't purposely scratch it.  You will go through 30 of these a year if this is how they can withstand normal phone use.<br/><br/>I would have returned it, but I threw away the packaging assuming it would have at least lasted several months.  That would have been acceptable.
 The first two screens I ordered, the screen protector didn’t lay flat all the way to the edges of the screen.  It had this racist part that you wouldn’t notice when the screen was on, but you definitely noticed when the screen was off.  I ordered a replacement, Which was only marginally better. In the replacement package, one screen was exactly the same as the two I returned. The other screen went mostly down around the edges. I was tired of looking for new screen protectors, so I just use that one. It works fine, the screen operates well, it’s just that specific feature of not laying flat.
 I bought this for my iPhone 7 almost three years ago. It did an amazing job. One of the protectors lasted two years on my phone. I gave the other one to a friend. I repurchased this several months ago, and they must have changed their product quality. The placement tabs do not keep hold of the screen during the application. While applying the first protector, it fell off the tabs and was misaligned. I pulled it off, reapplied, but it left air bubbles all along the edges and a massive bubble. I decided to keep it on in hopes that they would work themselves out.. did not happen. I pulled it off and tried the second protector. The same thing happened. Folks, I bought this product once before and it was amazing. This is not the same product! Do not buy it!!
 I've used a number of these over the years and have always found the installation easy and the results good. iPhone remains sensitive to the touch. Because the screen protector is glass, it does sometimes crack if you drop the phone (I do), which is why I've had to buy a few replacements. But I like protecting my screen and I've experienced no cracks, unless I've dropped the phone. So I recommend this brand highly.
 This purchase was ordered to replace another screen protector from a different vendor.  Such an improvement with this screen protector. No smudge, no residue prints. As a matter of fact, the other day, I accidentally dropped the phone with the screen hit the edge of the table and guess what? all are in tact without a scratch. Great product.
 Amazing.  So, the thing is, I bought this AFTER I had already cracked my screen.  It was pretty messed up but the touch screen still works and you can still see the visuals okay, so I was like what the heck.  I'll just give it a go with a screen protector for now instead of shelling our $200 for a new screen or replacement iphone.  Worked like magic.  This thing was $7.99 for TWO screen protectors, which is a steal alone, and with same-day shipping I got it for less than $20 bucks.  I used scotch tape to remove all the tiny shards of glass left over in my screen first, then cleaned it with the included wipies.  Then the glass screen protector went on like a piece of cake.  And voila, I have a brand new screen over a chill old phone lovingly dropped and cracked like a boss, so it looks cool and plus I don't get glass in my fingers when I use it.  I wasn't sure if this would work and my boyfriend had zero faith and thought I was crazy, but it couldn't have come out better.  Hooray for scrappy innovation.  A+
 I'm typically unsuccessful at putting these things onto the device screens, but this one had excellent instructions.  There was a wet wipe used to clean the screen first, followed by a dry wipe.  The glass protector has a tab on each end that you can hold onto, then you peel off the plastic from the side that will seal against the phone's display and slowly lower the glass plate onto the surface.  Once I had it lined up and the first part of the glass protector touched the surface, the adhesion started to spread evenly until the whole protector was stuck to the phone. There was just one super tiny bubble that we quite unnoticeable. Finally, I peeled off the plastic from the other side of the protector while keeping the actual protector flush to the surface of the phone.  Voila - it came out great!
 This is my second time ordering this product. My iPhone is 2 years old now and this screen protector has saved my phone twice now... Once I dropped it on concrete steps, the other it slipped out of my hand onto the kitchen counter. Fortunately, just the glass screen-saver broke and not my phone!  I can't say enough good things about this particular screen saver - except it REALLY WORKS!
 Ok so, that screen protector is really protective and keeps your phone safe, but when it talks about no bubbles while applying it and how it is so easy to apply that is a big lie!  While you are trying to apply it, if you don't get it to line up then you have to take it all the way off and by the time you do that the screen protector is all full of dust on the sticky side. There is also a lot of bubbles that come up on the screen and once you try to take it off and put it on again it is even worse and there are more bubbles!!!!!!  I have applied numerous screen protector and never had this much problem.
 This is a terrific screen protector for my Samsung Galaxy S7. Easy to put on and manuever around while wet. It also fits perfectly with my Spigen Neo Hybrid case protector. It gets its share of nicks and scrapes from everyday use and recovers very nicely. No noticable dulling of colors once applied. Very thin cover for a nice tactile feel with the screen.<br/><br/>The instructions are very easy to follow. The package comes with everything you need for an easy application. The screen fits very well with the S7 because it doesn't go all the way to the edges which would avoids the outside rims of the film raising up which I found to be very annoying with other screen protectors.<br/><br/>Best of all, the customer service has been awesome, answering a question I had immediately, making sure I was completely satisfied. A real winner for all the above reasons including the price which is a real bargain for what you receive. This screen protector gets my highest marks.
 I ordered this item thinking they all are alike. This one was simple enough to place but lacked some directions for placing it more correctly on the phone itself.  While there are no bubbles under the cover, all the edges have bubbling. When I press them, they go away but still appear on screen. My work phone has a glass screen cover and no bubbles appear. Maybe need to switch.
 It is too narrow and short to cover the glass on the iPhone 8 and as my old screen cover had scratches on it a good fit was critical to me to protect my phone.
 Great, but took me a while.<br/><br/>The first time I had bubbles &amp; dust &amp; broke the first screen, second screen no luck.<br/><br/>The Vendor (amFilm) was nice enough to send me a free replacement of screen protectors for my iPhone 6S, &amp; they suggested &amp; I tried the install in the bathroom with hot shower water running &amp; it worked perfect the first time.<br/><br/>I recommend doing in the bathroom, sounds odd, but works!  Screen feels great!
 This product comes with two screen protectors, but only one set of wipes. Am I expected to save and reuse the wipes for next time??  Also, the instructions do not match the actual design of the protectors that come with it. Instructions state remove tab 1 and hold tab 2 to place the cover on the phone. There is/are no tab(s) 2, thus, it is hard to place the cover on the phone properly. Also, without a top tab (tab 2) to remove once the cover is nicely placed, there is no protection from scratches incurred during the process of flattening the cover to remove bubbles.<br/>I have ordered other covers that are similar and those are a lot easier to place. Same instructions for those covers too, with covers that match those instructions. I will be recommending the other seller’s product over this one.
 I’ve burned through two of these now over the span of two years, bought these for myself and my relatives. I am super prone to forgetting about gravity, so I drop my phone often. Recently, I had a pretty bad smash when my phone went flying out of my hand and hit concrete, screen down. No damage at all to my screen, the protector took it like a champ.<br/><br/>This protector is top-notch and easy to install, even for someone like myself who gets incredibly nervous with the installation process. The kit comes with everything you could ever need to ensure you can put the screen protector on, wipes, dust cloth, dust removal stickers, you name it.<br/><br/>I’ve bought them multiple times with large spans of time between each order (they last a long time), have yet to come across one that was lower quality. Would continue to buy.
 I’m writing this review a year later. I have used the same screen protector for a year, and yesterday my phone fell and the screen split into 2. I was scared for a second and then I realized that the screen protector actually only took the hit. Attached see the screen protector after the incident. If I didn’t use it, my screen would have been broken right now.
 I just  received and open my package with the screen protectors in them was very excited because my phone has  been without a cover for about two weeks and that  always gives me anxiety as I do not want my screen cracked. Upon opening the packaging there was a lot of great resources for putting the screen protector on but once I put the screen protector on I realize that it does not even fit my whole screen there is about a half inch to a quarter of an inch gap around the phone between the case and the screen. This is not what I thought it would be number one. And two  it will not protect my screen. I was expecting a full screen protector, protecting every inch of my screen from case Corner to case corner this is not it. If I drop my phone there’s no protection on a quarter inch around my whole entire screen, that’s not OK.
 Tough clear and easy to install.  Only difficult part is to get it to sit exactly where you want it. The IPhone 7 has rounded edges so the screen protector needs to be set back every so slightly all the way around.  No problems with bubbles and dust so I like it just fine.  Way better than the glass screen protectors I have spent 4 times as much on.  I gave one of my two to my grandson when he got his IPhone 7 so I purchased another set just in case I damage this one.  Trouble was I told my grandson I had another pare and he is thinking I have his back, and of course I do.
 I put this screen protector on my iPhone 8 and worked fabulously! I have two kids so I knew I would need to keep my phone safe. This protector paired with an otter box case saved my phone after many drops. While the screen protector did crack, my phone screen did not, meaning the protector did it’s job well. Will purchase again.
 You guys, wow. I’ve been getting these for two years now and I will never go back! Today I finally decided to write a review because they saved my phone again this morning. I dropped my iPhone (6s) flat on its screen and the protector took all the damage. Ever since I started using these screen protectors I’ve had zero screen damage to my precious iPhones. If you’re clumsy like me, these are a godsend. They go on very easily and without bubbles, and they do the job. Seriously, just get them. You won’t regret it.
 I have an iPhone 7 so I bought this screen protector. The size of the screen protector is okay, but the edges are not covered. You can see the white edges from the picture. I think it is because the size of the screen protector is a bit too big.
 I have used another brand of glass screen protectors for years and while I was impressed with their protection (it was double defense after all), the rainbowing on the edge of the case started to really bug me. I read about TechMatte on the Wirecutter website and decided to give them a try when I got my new phone and I am glad I did.<br/>I have not broken one yet or dropped my phone so I cannot speak to that.  What I can say is they are easier to install as they have “handles” on the ends , so once you remove the protective backing you don’t have to risk touching the edge of the glass and getting lint/dust on it.<br/>The ‘rainbow’ that used to occur on the edge with other brands is gone because these are just a smidge wider.  They still work with my cases (apple leather, Silk Armor, Speck Presidio Grip) with no problem.<br/><br/>One thing to be aware of is on install the edges seem like they don’t go down all the way. I was concerned about this but after a day or so they were all sealed with no problems.  Just needs some time in your pocket (heat) or sitting on the charger (again, I think the heat helps).<br/><br/>As I am typically the guy in the family that everyone comes to for “can you help me with a screen protector” I am just going to buy a couple more of these and keep them around - way easier than anything else I have used thus far and seem to be perfectly clear.<br/><br/>As for the other aspects of these , clarity, hue, toughness....I can’t say much on durability yet as I have only had mine on a month or so, but I notice no problems with color or excessive fingerprints etc.  I do use Whoosh! To clean all my device screens every few days and I think that is better than any coating any of this stuff has anyways. Skip the alcohol wipes etc.<br/><br/>Great product, just ordered more :)
 This screen protector works, it's worth every penny, I dropped my phone yesterday the screen crack at least that's what I thought, I go next day to my provider to see what my insurance can do about it the work working there tells me tot screen it's not damage I don't believe her, I take off the screen protector DAMN!! No damage to my screen !!
 Works well! I have dropped my phone many times and have never had a problem with the screen and I must give the  protector credit. It is durable, no bubbles present after application and no problems with touch screen sensitivity. Highly recommended!!!
 The product was well packaged.  Instructions were excellent and easy to follow.  The product went out with almost no flaws.  Once I removed step one protective film as I flipped over the screen protector to apply it to the phone holding it by they tabs on the 2nd protective film the screen protector fell off onto the phone but I had not yet aligned the cover over the phone.  Fortunately it didn't adhere to the phone in the wrong position and I was able to re-align it without out any incident.  Once it was in position gravity actually took over and all air bubbles easily pushed out from between the screen protector and the screen.  I still used the squeeze card but did not notice any bubbles but made sure it was clear of any bubbles.  The product seems to be as advertised.  Tom.
 I was walking in my neighborhood and a rather large bug landed on my arm. The subsequent reflex launched my iPhone approximately 6' face-first into a bed of xeriscape rocks. My screen received three hard hits in what could be best described as white chips or abrasions. I peeled the screen protector off and while doing so it completely cobwebbed and crumbled. However, I was amazed to find the screen of my phone was in pristine condition! I'm convinced this product saved my iPhone from being relegated to paperweight status saving me untold monies and time, hence I highly recommend.
 It does exactly what it’s aupoosed to do. I had one screen protector on for over 8 months and it kept my phone screen from cracking. I dropped it a few days ago, the protector cracked but my screen didn’t. I just repurchased more of these for a second time. They work, they stay in place, and they’re a lot cheaper than having to replace your screen or worse - replacing your entire phone. Well worth the money.
 This is the first screen protector that I have installed perfectly centered, with no bubbles or dust. Obviously I'm not very good at installing screen protectors, but the amFilm was very straightforward to install. Nice touches were stickies to remove dust and tabs to support the screen as you set it down onto the phone. Once it touched the screen it just sort of spread out on its own with hardly any bundles to squeegee out.
 2016, It went on way easier than I expected.  The tabs made positioning the screen protector easier and neater. Once I got it in place and smoothed it down there seemed to be a bubble that wouldn't press out after several tries so I set it aside for the night. When I turned the phone on in the morning, the lens was perfect with no bubble.  2017, lost my phone and had to replace... Went on almost perfectly, bubbles pressed out all except 1 small one at the top near the camera.  That one just won't go.  Otherwise, tabs are bigger this time. 👍🏽  the surface seems smoother and seems to resist smudging more than before.
 Just recently received an Iphone 7 and after some research, I decided on this screen protector. After installing the protector, I had a few leftover bubbles. To my surprise, they had disappeared the next morning. Yesterday I managed to drop my phone from about 4’ and it landed screen down on my tile floor. I hesitated to pick it up and check the screen. It was perfect! There was not any damage. I love and recommend this screen protector!
 The tab system on this product makes it very easy to install.  Cost is good as well.  The reason for four stars instead of five is that the screen is slightly too big and there is a small lip on the left side of the screen.  I've had this issues with other products as well.  It seems they need to shrink the screen cover size by a millimeter or two to adapt for the iPhone 8 screen.
 Just installed the protector on my iPhone 7 and highly pleased at the ease the film went on. Easier than any other I've ever used. It helps to view the YouTube video of instructions which is short but naturally so because it only takes about two minutes to complete the task. The set  comes with two of everything needed. And packed in a sturdy box looking like how Apple products are packed. Highly recommend.
 I ordered this for my sons phone. This is his first phone and I wanted something that would protect his screen from any accidents. This screen protector was very easy to put on. It comes with a cleaning cloth and a tool to smooth out the bubbles. I actually cut out the screen protector that came with his otter box and replaced it with this. This screen protector is durable. It does not interfere with the picture quality and is very smooth.
 Has really protected my phone screen. Liked that it came with 2 screen protectors. Easy to put on. Couple of times had a bubble I couldn’t squeeze out so I used the corner of card to lift the edge (to prevent fingerprints) and fortunately the bubbles were removed and I was able to smooth it out. Doesn’t lay completely flat near the edge but it doesn’t affect looking at the screen at all.
 I really like the quality of this screen protector. I purchased it for my iPhone 6. My only complaint is that they seem more difficult to clean grease off of. Which as a lady who wears makeup, it's a daily thing. My old screen protector wiped off pretty easily but I have to bust out the eyeglass cleaner and microfiber towel for this one. Still, it's fine because these are nice and thick, and very clear.
 My wife (or the kids) have dropped her phone a handful of times over the past year, and these screen protectors have been great!<br/><br/>The kit comes with everything you need to install both screen protector, and the process is very simple. She broke both screen protectors at different times while they were attached to the phone, and both times the screen was just fine.<br/><br/>I'd definitely recommend these to anyone looking for a great screen protector. Can't wait until they have them in stock for the pixel XL!
 Had the product a few days now and it works perfect!  I just followed the online video and it was as easy as pie to put it on. (After having the product for over a year, I dropped my phone and it hit the concrete floor of my local hardware store.  I picked up the phone and saw that the protective glass screen was cracked.  When I got home I removed the glass protector and my iPhone glass screen did NOT have one scratch on it!  I then went to the company's web page and submitted a warranty claim and had a replacement product within a week.  Thank you for making a great product and backing your warranty.  Great Job!
 I am impressed. This is a very easy way to protect a very expensive iPhone. Even I couldn't screw this one up. I am normally not very good at installing the plastic protectors over phones and tablets and things. I was thinking, if it were possible I could get air bubbles into a ceramic floor tile. But alas, somebody finally came up with a way for me not to leave my fingerprints on the inside of the adhesive. Thank you and well done!
 I've had many screen protectors over the years and this one was the easiest to apply. Bubble free on the first try! The material is a little harder than protectors I've used. The package comes with a wet wipe, a dry wipe, 2 screen protectors, a bubble scraper and directions. It does fit a little smaller than your actual phone so it doesn't go to the edges. As soon as the protector had contact with the screen, it latched and pretty much went on bubble free. I was off by just a little on the edges but didn't want to risk getting bubbles by re-applying. Using it now, I can barely tell. Overall, really happy with this and you can't beat the price.
 Its just like any other glass screen protector.  Doesn't fit perfectly (wasn't expecting it to, really) and it's nice that you get a 2-pack for sure, because the corner of my first one cracked within the first week of using it.  Its nothing terrible and its away from the screen (the corner near the front facing camera in the top middle) but I didn't drop my phone or hit it on anything, so I'm not sure what cause it to crack like that.  There are some persistant air bubbles on the sides witch are annoying, but at this point I've come to expect that out of a product at this price point.
 It seems sturdy enough, thats about the only pro i see with this screen protector. The main issue i had with it, is that the outer part of the screen protector does not completely stick down. Also there are bubbles left over, which can be fixed with some pressure but there are other products in the market that dont do this. Expected better quality so i would NOT recommend purchasing.
 I have always used a screen protector. It has served me well several times when dropping my on a concrete surface. It was time to replace my existing Screen protector. This deal almost looked too good to be true. 2 protectors for $7!  I received the article today and was extremely pleased to see how complete the kit was. Everything you need to insure the phone surface is clean and ready. I was done in several minutes and all is great. I would definitely recommend this product.
 I think I have said before how well this item is so let me add this if you have a chance to let the screen protector  do what it says it can and it worked perfectly like mine did you would hope somebody could have the same thing happen to them don’t know how it got broke but my phone is scratch NOT A  ordered another then filled a claim with them they sent me another 2 pack I did it that way to get my phone back behind one and EVERYONE did exactly what they said they would Love it Do it all day
 After ordering this screen protector on two seaparate occasions based solely off their great reviews, I can’t understand how it has so many good reviews. Along the edges of the protector is all open and won’t stick to my phone. Same on mine and my husbands phone. After a year, it started lifting even worse. I ordered another set, thinking I didn’t put it on good enough and same thing happened. I’m sure it’s just a matter of time before it starts lfiting even more along the edges like before.
 I was skeptical about this product at first.  When i got one small crack in my screen, I didn’t worry, but when i dropped it face down on some rocks and the screen looked shattered, I thought for sure my screen was a loss.  As soon as I peeled off this protector it was like the screen was as good as new!  I immediately purchased another one and highly recommend this product!
 This screen protector does what it is designed to do - protect my screen.  I also have a case with a short protective lip.  I've dropped my iPhone on tile floor a few times and no damage at all.  The screen itself is relatively easy to install, although I did get mine positioned slightly left of center.  It still works fine, although I'll have to be more careful if I ever have to install a new one.  I would recommend this screen protector.
 I was hesitant to buy this protector just because everyone was saying that they had issues with it sticking and raising from the edges. But I have a screen protector from this brand for my iPad and it’s done well so far so I decided to take a chance on this for my iPhone. When receiving the product it seems as though they updated all the information and even adjusted the fittingof this protector. When opening it warns you that because the screen isn’t completely flat that the protector is made to only cover the actual screen part. I had no issues placing this on my phone and no issues with it raising on the edges. This is a steal for 5.99 especially for 2.
 It came with two. When I was putting on one, I had gotten a hair stuck in it so I took it off and put on the second one. Out of curiosity I took the used one and started bending it. The flexibility of it is amazing! It took me a while of fully bending it before it shattered. I was completely surprised it held that well without one crack.
 Excellent customer service! Original protector lasted over a year with more than a few drops before finally cracking but it definitely saved the phones screen. When I replaced it with the second protector I noticed the warranty. I sent them an email, they asked for my easy to look up amazon order # and less than a week later, another 2 pack arrived in the mail FREE OF CHARGE.  Cannot go wrong with these. Highly recommend
 The price for the 2-pack is amazing, but one of my screen protectors came "pre-loaded" with a piece of some kind of fiber stuck onto the adhesive side, under the protective film. There's no way to pick off something like that without leaving a smudge or mark and possibly adding to the problem. So one of the two was a throw-away, and the other worked great. I think of it as being still a decent price, even if one doesn't work out.
 I bought this product in March of this year. I applied the first if the two screen protectors immediately upon receipt. I am extremely clumsy. I drop my phone with what can only be called reckless abandon. Today, almost 9 months later, a person that drops their phone probably a dozen times each week on hard, restaurant floors, replaced the first screen protector with the second simply because my touch screen didn’t seem to be responding as well - most certainly due to all the cracks and dents to the protector. While removing the first protector, I fully expected to see some scratch or crack on my actual phone screen. The screen was immaculate. As you can see, the protector was less than perfect. Highly recommend.
 I really love this screen protector. The fact that the company sent an instructive video on how to apply it, made it even better. I was able to securely install it, and now my phone looks like it's brand new with the awesome new screen. I've already dropped it (by accident), and it has proven to be durable, (unlike my last glass screen protector, which  I paid $50 for, and was severely cracked). Great product, amazing price, and the fact that it comes with two is even better.
 I dropped my phone down 15 feet on a hardwood surface! The screen protector cracked but my phone was unscathed. I was able to continue using my phone with the cracked screen protector with no problems. This worked as described and it saved my screen.
 First of all, they have the best customer service. I accidentally ordered a regular 7 screen protector when I actually needed a 7+. I emailed them the same day at 10pm and they replied in one hour! Super fast and we’re really professional. They agreed to exchanged it with me and immediately sent the replacement the next day. When the correct size screen protectors came in they were so easy to install. It comes with a two pack, one for me and my bf since we both have 7+. We work for a wireless carrier so we’re familiar with installing screen protectors. If you haven’t had much practice definitely get the glass because there easier and less bubbles !! Tech matte gives you all the materials that you need from cleaning your screen to stickers just Incase for lint gets stuck under it. Super easy installation with the tabs on the sides of the screen protector to easily help you line up the phone with the home button. I am now a loyal customer just based on their customer service!!!
 These are great screen protectors and our family couldn't be happier. A little patience is needed to get it on to your liking but it works as advertised once it's on (leave overnight). I dropped my phone and the screen protector took the impact, which prompted me to get another set (I can still use my phone though). It hasn't interfered with any standard cases used and I haven't had any issues with the touch sensitivity.<br/><br/>Happy throughout.
 Ugraded to new iPhone 7 (regular and plus) and tried *glass* screen protectors for the first time (usually get the plastic type).  Reviews of this product convinced me to try it and I knew Amazon would take care of me if we hated the product.  These were easy to apply, steps includes cleaning the phone (enclosed alcohol cleaning and drying wipes).  So far so good, protecting 3 phones.  Great value!  I would definitely buy these again if needed.
 Product shipped quickly and arrived as described. I’m super active with my phone so it takes a licking for sure. The screen protector does a good job of keeping my phone clean and in good condition. I did drop my phone which caused the protector to crack but that’s what it’s for. My phone sustained no damage. I would recommend this product.
 Used to only use the Bodyguardz or really expensive covers. Bought these after I shattered my last one and didn't want to spend a fortune on another. No bubbles after application, went on easily and screen visibility is still perfectly clear. Has survived a few drops already with no scratches or chips. Very satisfied!
 I've used sooooo many textured glasses for my iPhone and this is BY FAR the best quality .. I have zero bubbles on my screen and it was so easy to get perfectly straight w the tools provided. Will order this one only
 I bought this protector for my iPhone 8 and received it on time with the box in good condition. I followed directions to install it, but unfortunately because of the rounded screen I could not get the edges to seal creating a "halo ring" effect. I contacted the manufacturer and was quickly helped by one of their representatives. They knew the exact issue  I was having and immediately sent me a slightly smaller protector to better fit my screen. I received the new package a few days later, and it was a perfect install! Overall great product and amazing customer support.
 Just got these. Used one for my phone and the 2nd for my wife's phone. So much easier to put on than plastic screen protectors that I've used for years. I had no bubbles at all. Good quality screen protectors. This is my first glass screen protector so it's taking a little getting used to. There is no clarity lost, but it's a little thick which is noticeable when pressing the home button. But it's worth it for the scratch protection. 3D touch works, and it feels just like the original glass screen. Can't believe this is so cheap for tempered glass!
 I have been installing screen protectors on all my family's electronic devices for years and the tabs on both ends of this product allowed me to practice finding the best way to align it properly before actually doing it.  So no more slanted results or blocked ports that required you to struggle with the adhesives for another try.
 I bought this screen protector because I had great experiences with the versions for the earlier iPhone 7. I now have an iPhone XS and for the first time I’m noticing that the screen protector adhesive isn’t adherent along the edges- it lifts away from the screen, leaving a gap all around the edges. It’s not too obvious but is really annoying to someone who pays attention to detail, and has to look at it day in and day out. Otherwise it function great as a screen protector. It’s not enough of a nuisance for me to take it off, replace or return this but perhaps enough for me to look for another brand the next time I need a screen protector.
 I’ve purchased 6 of these screen ‘protectors’ for my family based on the outstanding reviews, and I was always under the impression that they were going to ‘protect’ my phone screen in the case of an unlucky event. Well that day was today and my phone was dropped right when I was getting out of the car. A soft fall even. Picked the phone and this is the ‘protection’ I got. The screen protector along with the screen both got smashed into pieces. This protector did NOT work for me. Not Happy at all and don’t suggest it to anyone who wants to protect iPhones screen.
 I ordered one set which came in on time.  I had some issues with installation.  The protector kept pulled away from the last sheet that had the tabs to use for positioning it leading to 2 crooked installations.  So I ordered another box of them.  After reading through the other installation option (hinge method) I was able to get one installed perfectly.  I emailed customer service just to give feedback on the issues I had and they responded very quickly and refunded the price of the first set.  Wow.  I had not asked for a refund as I figured it was operator error.  So I was pleasantly surprised that they took the initiative to give out a refund even though I had not asked for one.  Their customer service is fantastic.  And the screen protector has a nice sturdy feel to it.  Much better than the overly expensive one the folks sold me when I got the phone...that was 3 times the price and just a flimsy piece of what felt like a plastic sheet.  I will definitely purchase from these guys again.
 Even though I had never damaged the screen of my nearly 5-year-old iPhone 5, when I replaced it with an iPhone 8 I installed this screen protector (a fairly easy process thanks to the recommended video).  A few months ago my phone slipped out of my hands and landed screen-side down on a bed of large chunks of gravel.  The screen protector cracked in 2 places, but I didn't replace it with the spare included in the original order until a week ago, because it was still easy to use the phone.  When I did remove the cracked protector, it came off in one piece thanks to the adhesive backing, and the screen of my iPhone 8 was still in perfect condition.  I've installed the spare, and reordered this screen protector because I intend to keep my phone for a long time.
 Bought these screen protectors for a IPhone I bought from our aunt. After putting the protector on we found out that the phone was not compatible with my service because it was locked through AT&amp;T - ended up buying a new phone through Verizon and because there were 2 protectors in the box worked out great. My son put them on with no problem - great investment for your smartphone to keep the screens from scratches and provides additional peace of mind should the phone be dropped. Would recommend.
 So far, so good.  I was nervous about applying the screen protector but it went on easily.  The tech at Best Buy where I bought my phone asked me if I needed screen protectors.  I told him I had ordered some.  He recommended glass (which is what I got). He told me how to apply it and said if I get any bubbles they should disappear within a day or two. Sure enough I had two bubbles about 1/8th” in diameter but they went away in a few hours.  So if any of you get bubbles, don’t panic.  Just give them some time.
 I thought I would have to go somewhere in order to install my new glass screen protector for my new iPhone. However, the instructions had such clarity and precision that I was able to successfully do it myself! I loved how the instructions included the suggestion of going into your bathroom with the hot water running in your shower to make steam in order to lessen the amount of dust in the air. What a great idea! And the product looks terrific and has protected my iPhone from at least one drop so far!
 This is the second amFilm screen protector product I have purchased, the other being the Nintendo Switch screen protector.  Excellent screen protectors, comes with everything to apply the screen protector and it's a piece of cake to apply.  The quality is great.  Have had the switch screen protector on for a few months now and no issues or damage, and my kids of 5 and 6 years of age use the Nintendo Switch daily.  I highly recommend amFilm screen protectors!
 Love amFilm products. I use them on my iPad and on my fiance's phone. This is our 3rd screen protector for her iphone8, not because the class broke but only because we've had to have apple replace her iPhone 8 twice already in less than a year. The amFilm tempered glass though has been a great purchase everytime.
 I have been an iphone user since the fist iPhone so I have been through many screen protects over the years. This case is with out a doubt the best and easiest to install case I have bought.<br/>Pros:<br/>-the edge of screen protector is ever so slightly curved it feels great. Feels very smooth with no harsh edge.<br/>- easy installation because of the includes whiles and tabs that you can hold when lining the protector up<br/><br/>I very highly recommend this protect! You won't regret it.
 Quite a few reviews saying that these break. Of course they break. I dropped mine getting out of my car. You won't believe what happened. It broke. Yep. Spiderwebs everywhere.<br/><br/>I know right. Tragic. You know what didn't break? My very expensive phone screen.<br/><br/>Win.
 I’ve had this for 9 months and my phone has taken its fair share of drops especially when my 2 &amp; 4 yr old get a hold of my phone. Well, today, my youngest literally launched my phone across the bathroom onto a tile floor while standing on a bench seat, and my screen is still flawless. If it wasn’t for the screen protector, I would be spending much more right now. Since this came in a 2pk, I have the new screen protector on and I am worry-free. I would definitely purchase this again. This was easy to apply and I was able to put it on bubble free so there are no annoying spots to look at.
 I got this for my new iPhone 8 and applied the first screen myself. I have applied many screen shields in the past and this is the only one I have had issues with. It was not cut right so the top camera and speaker hole did not match up with the bottom home button cut out. The edges did not stick to the phone the whole way around. Since it was 2 for $7, I didn't care about throwing out the first one and having my boyfriend apply the second. He has applied more screen shields than I have. He had the same issues that I did. He actually had more bubbles when he applied it and the flimsy 'squeegy', which was a piece of cardboard, did nothing to help. The edges still are not adhering to the phone.
 Okay, I hardly ever take time to write a review for anything these days, but this one is actually worth it. First off, the screen protectors are incredibly simple to install. Yes, I’ve installed multiple of them, but because I’m a klutz... It’s also made of glass, so it feels like your actual screen. And yes, glass breaks if you taunt it too many times with high up drops onto pavement. It does an incredible job of protecting your screen though and I’m continually shocked.<br/><br/>When it breaks, because again, it’s glass.... TechMatte Support is there to back you up with a warranty! Honestly one of the best Amazon Suppliers I’ve ever worked with.<br/><br/>And if you are still reading this review, it’s a $8 investment that will save your phone over and over. Buy this product already and quit over-analyzing this purchase.
 Very hard to install, There is no room for mistakes and if it does not go on perfect, then you have to pick it back off and risk dust getting underneath. Does not fit on the screen well. Because of the curved screen on the iphone 8, the screen protector hangs over and does not fit flush with the existing glass. I was contacted by TechMatte and told that there was a smaller version that might fit better. They shipped that version and it still hangs off the side and I can see air underneath the protector on the edges even thought I really do not think I could get this on there more perfect.
 I value customer service just as much as the product itself.  I ordered the two pack for the Iphone 6s and one arrived broken.  I notified the company and they sent a replacement out ASAP.  I really appreciate a company that stands behind their products like that.  As for the screen protector itself, no complaints.  The finger slide fell of the protector is better than the phones screen.  Its crystal clear with no distortions.  I was concerned about fit with the rounded edges of the iphone's screen but amFilm got the fit just right coming short of the rounded edges to prevent disbonding but still completely covering the active area of the display.  Great product for a great price and excellent customer service.
 This product saved me $$.  I had my iPhone 7 in my coat pocket, and while getting into the car, it fell out and I slammed the car door with the phone in between.  Then my phone fell face down onto the ground.  Needless to say the screen was cracked. For a month I didn't want to take my phone in to have it fixed, but decided I needed to do so.  When I finally removed the screen protector, my phone screen was in perfect condition! It was the screen protector that cracked!  So, so happy with this product!  I went back online and bought it again.
 Just purchased this item for my new iPhone 6s. Item arrived on time from vendor and included everything as described (2 tempered glass screen protectors and everything needed for install). Screen protector was an easy install, just follow instructions they provide. Protector only covers the actual screen portion of the phone not the rounded edges, but I believe it's better this way so you avoid interference/chipping/lifting with various cases on the market. The install was done on my new iPhone and on my wife's new iPhone and both were very good and lined up fairly well. So far, the screen protector after a week of use has held up well. It's doing what it's meant to do, protect it from scratches and dings. I will definitely purchase this item again if needed. Good price for quality and for 2 screens protectors. This is my honest review and if any chances happen to the screen I will update. This item was purchase at full price and not given as a sample in exchange for review.
 These were packaged well, although I with it came with more than one large dust-removing sticker, since there are two screens protectors. They were easy to put on, and I made sure to follow the directions carefully. However after doing everything correctly there were still a few air "bubble" underneath the protector on both the phones that I applied them to. I was annoyed, but figured I'd just stick with it for now. However after a day or two everything smoothed out and the air bubbles were gone. Looks perfect now. I do enjoy that the screen protector does not cover my front-facing camera as some others do. Good Product overall, I would purchase them again.
 I love that this has protected my phone. I dropped it facedown and the tempered glass looked horrible, not the glass under it was safe.  Today I replaced the glass and at universal studios it fell out of my pocket.  Saved twice in 1 week,  but be careful it will get glass shards in your fingers.
 Had issues with dust instantly sticking to the backside after Removing the plastic. Could just be since it's winter here and lots of static. The seller took care of the replacement no questions asked. Answered my email within 30 minutes on a Sunday which is awesome. Other than the issue installing them they work great. Like that they include all the neseacry things to install, aka cleaning wipes, dry pad, lint remover, card to smooth out bubbles. Would purchase from the seller again and wouldn't hesitate to try the brand again either
 I'm sorry but I can't understand what you want from me.<br/><br/>It is a piece of glass that I can see through.  I have never tested it by dropping it.  It works real good as a visual aid to seeing information on my cell phone.  Every time I look at it, I can see right through it.<br/><br/>The only drawback to owning it is the fact that I have to clean it occasionally, especially when my fingers are greasy from eating fried chicken.<br/><br/>OK?  Does that help you?  Now will you stop asking me to review A PIECE OF GLASS?<br/><br/>FEP
 I've dropped my phone a few times, not from very high yet but still no scratches on the screen as of yet.  If you put it on right you don't even notice that you have a screen protector after awhile.<br/><br/>Make sure you put it on right the first time though or you'll waste one of them, I messed up the first so I'm glad I got the two pack.
 The screen protector doesn't match the size of the phone screen.<br/>Ignore the cut outs above. They're on perfectly. You're seeing the shade from the cutouts because of the light. If you see the lefe side is perfectly flush with the screen and the right has an edge just sticking out. Now in this photo you don't notice it All that much. But when in regular usage you can just see the screen under the protector.
 I love these screen protectors! I ran over my iphone 7 with my MASSIVE Ford Expedition and my screen barely cracked. I didn't have a life proof case or anything, just my screen protector and a decorative case. I expected for my phone to be a goner. I was able to use my phone completely because of these screen protectors. I just bought 2 more. Great product for a great price.
 I've purchased at least 3 sets of these protectors. I haven't been able to get ANY of them to lay flat on all sides; there being major adhesive issues with every one of them. I contacted customer service and they sent me out a free set--however, I still have bubbles on the sides. I give it 3 stars because of their good customer service, but the product is not good. I just don't know how many I have to go through to get just ONE to lay flat on all sides!! Still looking for the one that will install correctly!!
 I have purchased a number of glass protectors for the several cell phones, tablets, etc. I have always found the product of good quality - else I would not continue to purchase them. Most important though is the easy application. When most screen protectors were made of a simple film, I would go through an entire container of 3 before the last one would go on without getting pockets of air out from the underneath the screen. With these, simple cleaning, use of the adhesive stickers and correct placement and YOU ARE DONE.
 this is by far the best screen protector I have ever used. I dropped my phone face first on concrete and the glass from the protector shattered but my phone didn't have a scratch on it. I immediately ordered another pack and replaced it. I had a little trouble with bubbles but the customer service was very helpful and gave me some good pointers and sent me a replacement. very good product and excellent service 5 stars for sure!!! if your comparing screen protectors, don't waste your time. buy this one!!
 I’ve had this for about a month and a half now and, even though it was easy to put on and it does protect my screen, it already has a bubble on the side indicating it’s strating to peel off. I barely speak on the phone and much less use it during the day, so it’s not for excessive use. It usually spends the whole on my desk at work because I do everything (messaging, WhatsApp, etc.) from my laptop. I just hope it doesn’t completely fall off or peel off too quickly. I hate having to buy plastic products but that’s all these protectors are made of and I need to have one on.
 Let me tell you for the price, this thing is great!! It comes with the two screen protectors, dry/wet wipes, and the card thing to take bubbles out! Installation was easy and fast (granted working in the cellphone industry for a few years I should have some practice) but it's easy enough for anyone to do! I highly recommend this product! ONE screen protector at Best Buy (their brand) costs $20.00 and you don't get what you get with this product. Or spend $40 for basically the same thing and a $8 installation fee at Best Buy too! Great product!
 As reported by other users, this is a quality product that is easy to use. I am most impressed by the instructions and packaging, which included detailed and easy to follow steps for how to clean your screen and apply the product. The protector glass has TWO tabs, one on each end, which made it very easy to accurately position the sheet before sticking it to the phone screen. I will buy this brand for any future phones we own, and recommend it to friends and family.
 I dropped my 3 week old iPhone while walking in downtown Memphis. The screen cracked and it spider webbed. I felt sick when I looked at it. Was afraid to lift the protector off to see what the damage to my screen was. I had my husband look Instead. My screen was left as pretty and perfect as the day I bought the phone! This was an inexpensive yet unbelievably invaluable purchase and I’m so glad I bought them. I’m getting ready to order another package of them!
 It was so easy to put it on my phone screen and the instructions were clear. My phone looks new and clear screen. My phone has not fallen down since then so I am not sure how strong or well protected my phone screen would be if it fell on the hard floor/rock. But I assume this protector to be strong as it looks n feels like my previous one. You could buy n see. Good price.
 So far so good. A little bit of work to put on but worth it to protect the phone. My husband ordered another screen protector brand and by just comparing the two, mine was definitely better. The accessories it came with to install were better, the actual screen protector looked and felt better, it had all the proper holes for the home button, speaker, and lense which his didn't. His phone screen also started acting up the next day. I'm happy with my purchase.
 I tried this product and followed all of the steps. The problem is the dry wipe I am supposed to use has a lot of dust. I tried using the provided stickers to remove the dust, but not all of it would come off. I did my best, but I ended up using both screens and still have dust bubbles all over the screen and bubbles around the edges.<br/> I've used similar products in the past with the same phone, and every time, I applied the screen without any issue. This is a pretty disappointing result for me.
 I am writing this because I want to bring it to the sellers attention that there was a defect in the packaging of this product. My husband had great success putting the first screen protector on his phone. But when he went to put the second one on my phone he realized that the second screen protector was missing one of the plastic films that protects it and keeps it from sticking to the package. He was unable to successfully put the second screen protector on my phone. I have ordered another set of them and I hope that there are not any issues as these are brand new phones and we are getting ready to head on vacation. I really need my phone protected.
 Everything as advisement is 100% true. The screen feels fantastic, scratch and fingerprint resistant, it’s one of the few screen protectors I would purchase again because of the quality. My only concern was the the first screen protector, was chipped and had a weird abrasion on the front side, but the back up was excellent.
 It does not lay flat around the outer edges. I have used  screen protector’s for all my phones. This is the first time I’ve had it not lay flat.  It was the first time trying this brand.
 Excellent product with excellent directions at a very reasonable price.  Needed further direction (not included with the installation directions) to learn how to remove a previous TechMatte screen protector that had gotten damaged, but clicking on the "Got a question" icon the their website resulted in a quick email explaining to simplyy peal up the corner.
 I love this. And the fact that it comes with two screen protectors so I always have a back up. I purchased this item twice already. I do feel like the screens aren’t as strong as the ones they sell at the actual phone stores, but for the price you can’t beat them. The times my screen protector has cracked, it’s because I’ve dropped my phone face down on concrete. So all in all, I would continue to purchase these.
 I am an everyday phone addict. I’m constantly using my phone and because of this I needed a screen protector to hold up to my high expectations. This product meets those expectations and more. I love never worrying about seeing scratches or fingerprints on my screen. I highly recommend this product to my friends and family. I know you will to. The sense of security this product delivers is well worth the price.
 Purchased these screen protectors for my iPhone 7.  Installation is very easy and the instructions are very helpful to ensure you cane install yourself lint free. This is the first time I have used this brand and would highly recommend trying them..  additionally, the customer service is very good and responsive..  Great product!
 Product arrived in less than 24 hrs. Unbelievable. I ordered on my phone at the gym one day and it was in my mailbox the next. I think that there was some form of magic involved. Or time bending. The instructions were thorough and the cover was easy to install. Seems to be holding up ok so far. I carry my phone in my lab coat pocket and there seems to be some pocket dust getting stuck under the perimeter edges. I will have to see how that stands up over time. Otherwise, no complaints. Thanks for the purchase follow up and customer service availability.
 I do not normally use any screen protection on phones, but ordered these after sustaining about a 2-pixel size ding in the glass on my new iPhone 6s. I see no distortion or difference in the look of the display and all touch modes with the protector in place are exactly as it it was without it.<br/>This is a very thin layer of glass that covers the screen; cutouts for front camera, phone speaker, home button, etc. are accurately placed and sized. The kit includes wet &amp; dry cleaning wipes for use before applying the protector to the screen and squeegee for squeezing out any air bubbles, and complete instructions for installing the protector.
 Well I can’t attest to its durability yet, as I’ve only just installed it. However, I’m impressed even by the kit I received. Easy, clear instructions, with everything you need for a seemless installation. And its beveled edge make it look like there’s nothing on the screen. This is much better than the one I paid $10 for at the cell phone store!
 What’s the point of a screen protector if your screen still breaks anyways? I’ve had this screen protector along with an otter box on my phone and it fell out of my pocket and my screen cracked! Not the protector, but the screen underneath it.
 I am very tough on my phones (iPhone) and have drop them or dropped items on them far too many times.  One time I was SURE I had destroyed the screen itself and was reluctant to peel off the protector - NOT A SCRATCH!  They seem too thin to really be protective - don't let that fool you! They are amazing.  I've used these for a number of years now and highly recommend them.
 Since having a smartphone in 2010, I've never once broke screen.<br/><br/>About 6 months ago, I purchase Iphone 6s and felt a need to have a protector glass.<br/><br/>Past 6 months, I dropped my phone 3-4 times mostly on a flat indoor floors and never broke the screen.<br/><br/>Today, I was in the parking lot and the phone felt out of my hand landing on asphalt pavement face down. I saw a tiny crack and thought my display was broken. However it was the protector that took the hit.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this product for it probably saved me 120 bucks to replace the screen.
 Received this about 20 minutes ago and sat right down to put it on. I've put on many screen protectors and have gotten pretty good at it, but I have to say that none have been anything like this one. They thought of everything to make it as easy and dust-free as possible. This is also much thicker than any I've ever used before. Guessing this will protect my glass from more than just scratches, but hopefully drops on the pavement as well. Highly recommend.
 I bought this screen protector for my iPhone 7.  The first time I tried to install it, I could not get bubbles out due to my clumsiness.  I wrote vendor asking for advice and they replied within 4 hours and send me a replacement package even there was nothing wrong with the product the first time.  I tried again and I succeeded.  The screen fits perfectly.  The touch sensitivity works nicely as if you touch the phone screen directly without the screen protector.  I like this product a lot and the customer service was highly commendable.  They truly exceeded my expectations.
 Update - immediately after posting this review, I was contacted by Techmatte.  They apologized for the issue and provided me with a replacement at no charge.  Amazing customer service - I will be a loyal customer. I will continue to use this product to keep my iPhone protected. Thank you!<br/><br/>The plastic protector cracks pretty easily so I keep having to replace but the screen on my phone has yet to crack.
 Excellent product, can't see a bit of difference between this and the $30 purchase at the cell phone store. Follow the instructions and you can't miss, very easy. The hardest part was removing the old screen protector that was chipped and cracked. I can't believe I didn't do more looking before prior purchases, getting TWO screen protectors makes this an awesome bang for the buck. If you register your purchase you get a lifetime product warranty for damage "incurred from user error."  I  guess that covers about anything. Shop around, I don't think you can find a better deal than this, even better if you have Prime with free shipping!
 You can tell the cover is a quality product and I know it says it's going to be a little smaller in the description but this cover doesn't even cover the entire black screen. I've had iPhones for a long time and the only time I have ever cracked one it cracked on the corners, where this doesn't even come close to touching. Disappointed to say the least.
 Register quickly or they sayYou can’t register. That’s BS I believe against California law where I live. At any rate it can’t be a Useful warranty. I am just starting to use this product. I bought it as a back up and now I need it as I drop my phone. Anyway very unhappy with the policy
 I originally bought this brand of screen protector for my Nintendo Switch and it was absolutely amazing. I was hoping it would be the same high quality for the iPhone case; and it was. Best screen protector and I will only by this brand going forward! The installation was easy as well with everything you need and more provided!
 Very easy to put on my aunt's phone, and has done a great job at protecting her screen! Really glad it came with 2, as she has dropped her phone and the protector glass broke, but not the actual phone screen, so have removed and replaced it with the back up! Phone is still in absolute perfect condition! Definitely a great buy, and I'm sure I'll be ordering her more in the future!
 Bought this to go along with the case. I would say the material is very tough and so far it’s great. The only thing I noticed when putting it on was that it doesn’t really cover much of my phone and the sides of my fingers get caught, but that can very well be my own sound.<br/><br/>Otherwise, it comes with a lot of items that you typically wouldn’t get with screen protectors and that helped placing it on my phone.
 Pros:<br/>1-This is the easiest screen protector I have ever used. It is super simple to apply.<br/>2- It is thick. So, it is reasonable to expect good protection.<br/>3- It does not change the screen quality.<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>1-The screen protector does not entirely cover the screen. They mentioned in the product description that they did it on purpose to leave some room for  phone cases. But, I think it is still too narrow because it leaves very thiny gap in the black screen.I did not wanna invest time on returning and buying new. But, you need to know about it.
 When I first dropped my new iPhone 6s I had the screen protector on and I literally wept tears because there was a crack right in the center of the screen. If I didn't have this I would have had to replace my screen just  a week after purchasing it. I pulled it off and it shattered and I said to myself "That easily could have been my screen" So happy with the purchase and I automatically had a replacement. Really convenient 👏🏾 Will definitely buy again.
 What a great product. I have purchased some glass screen protectors in the past and by far this is the best and you receive 2 of them how awesome is that. This protector comes with all the necessary things needed for placing it correctly including pads to clean the glass, anti-static wipe and all instructions. What a package kudo’s to this company for selling a quality product!!!
 All cheap screen protectors are the same, but this one is better because: IT HAS TWO EASY TO USE TABS TO HELP YOU POSITION IN!!!<br/><br/>How has no one else thought of this! They are easier to apply than any of the tens of others I’ve tried, and for that reason alone I love them.
 Easy to install, clear (pardon the pun) directions, EVERYTHING you need for simple installation. In my situation, I had to remove a cracked film, then replace it. Followed steps as written.<br/><br/>My phone is happy, my fingers are happy and I am happy.<br/><br/>The film gives my phone a slightly heavier weight, which is due to the high quality of the (glass) film.<br/><br/>All touch commands work better than before!<br/><br/>Yes, I’d buy this again- and probably will, since I am not a graceful smart phone owner.
 These are such a PITA to get on, thankfully it came with two, as the first one didn't want to go on right... I got fed up, and ended up getting the second one on just fine. I'd follow the instruction to go into a bathroom where the shower has been running for two minutes to cut down on any dust. There's dust all over the place here, and no matter what I did it seemed to be a giant issue. Once I finally got this one, I'm mostly happy. I know they're not supposed to be the full size of the 6s screen... but I've got to say that it annoys me that it is that tiny little bit 'too small.' Still, so far so good, and my new phone (first new one in four years!) is protected.
 Seems good so far, but I haven't had any major droppage catastrophies.  I didn't post LOVE IT, because I feel like you can't really LOVE a tempered glass screen protector, you know?  It's just a tempered glass screen protector, after all.  I won't really know if it works until I drop the phone on an asphalt or concrete surface, which I assure you will probably be soon.  It was easy to apply, and I do love that it comes as a two pack!!  Seriously do not waste your money at the cell phone store - they will charge you like $30 for one of these things and install it for you (but it's so easy to do it yourself).
 This product cracks easily and because it is TOO SMALL for the screen even with a case there is too much space unprotected that my iPhone 6s screen still cracked and shattered where this screen protector FAILED to protect due to its size! Buy a better product, whomever designed this got it wrong.
 This works well with my 6s, but it is exactly the right width.  When I first installed it I was off by just a bit.  I figured I would just learn my lesson, pull it off, trash it and try again with the second one...I pried it off (slipped a knife blade under the edge) it came right off, and I thought, maybe I can just reinstall it....I did and it actually took me several more tries to get the alignment right, but it has been on my phone for over a week now and looks great and fits perfectly.
 I can't attest to the quality of the screen protector in protecting the phone but I can attest to the ease of putting this on. I have had some TERRIBLE experiences trying to put screen protectors on phones and this brand is about as easy as it can be. The glass protector tabs that you can hold as you try to place the protector down which helps a lot. It comes with stickers, soft cloth and wet/dry wipes as well for cleaning beforehand. I had some large bubbles that I was able to get rid of by very gently peeling up the edge of the protector, on whatever side was closer to the bubbles, and then using the cardboard they give you to push the bubbles out of the edge that I lifted up. It's a dangerous game though, if you are wanting to avoid dust so I may have just gotten lucky..
 I have a family of five that have used iPhones for the past 7 or 8 years and have always protected my investment with screen protectors and this by-far was the easiest to put on no contest.  I usually clean out a large space on the table, make everyone leave to eliminate distractions and prepare to spend 30-45 minutes trying to add it with no bubbles or being misaligned and was i ever pleasantly surprised at how easy it was to put on - so smooth and looking like it was offering all the screen protection I needed.  Great job!
 This is my second purchase of this glass screen protector. After my first purchase, I dropped my phone several times on its face. On a couple occasions, I was all but certain that my phone’s screen would be broken as well.  Much to my surprise, this protector has worked phenomenally to protect my phone’s screen. The screen protector started to crack after numerous drops but my actual phone screen is still intact.  I decided to buy another pack because they are relatively inexpensive (as compared to replacing a phones screen or the entire unit), very durable, and I don’t feel like looking at the screen protector which has a few cracks in it after protecting my phone.  Would very much recommend this to anyone who has a problem with dropping his or her phone
 Product came quickly and was super easy to install. It had an extra film to hold onto to make sure placement is correct. Now if it actually last longer than my previous brand, I'll be very very happy. So far so good!<br/><br/>Update: I've had it for a month now and it has a few cracks in it. As well as some scratches. I think all tempered glass protectors are like this. The phone screen itself is safe, but the protector looks kind of beat up already. So if you want something that'll look good for a long time, I wouldn't go with tempered glass.
 Has strategic sticker tabs at both ends of the screen protector which helps with application. Still doesn’t prevent mistakes though, I had to remove one of the screen protectors after application and reinstall it (I ended up messing up a corner a bit).<br/><br/>Comes with damp and dry cleaning clothes and dust removal strips which are pretty standard in most screen protector packages nowadays. Also comes in a hard box which protects the screen protectors while being couriered.
 It's nice to get a two pack for so cheap and still be good quality.  It was very easily installed with the tabs that come with it. It's only been installed for a few days so the durability is still undetermined. Glass is clear and there have been no issues with the touchscreen.
 I had ordered a tempered glass screen protector from this brand for my iPad and found it did the job well so I decided to get it for my phone, too. Installation was very easy and all of the materials needed are in the kit.<br/><br/>My only complaint is that while they note the glass is smaller than the phone screen because of the curved edges on the phone, it’s actually a bit too small— maybe 1 or 2 millimeters too narrow to cover the display. Lengthwise, it’s also a few millimeters shorter than the other brand I had, but it covers enough.
 I’m so disappointed in this product. I’m not sure if I just got unlucky with a defected product or not but the screens I recurved were not aligned properly. I couldn’t even use the screen because the side of the screen that’s supppse to stick onto my phone screen is not the right side down that aligns with the phone camera hole so the stick-on side was clearly backwards.
 This screen protector fits just as advertised. I have an IPhone 6s and there is a miniscule gap around the edges which was disclosed in the description. Application was relatively easy. I did have to peel off and reapply but after several months it's still holding fine. The touch sensitivity is not affected at all by the screen. I have not dropped my phone so can not rate the durability.
 This is the only screen protector I will use. I have an iPhone 6s.<br/>I was on a road trip and we stopped in San Francisco, we were walking up the stairs to the tallest peak when I tripped and smashed my phone screen first into the gravel. (I was holding it in my hand) The screen protector got chipped and later cracked in multiple places, but my screen was unblemished. I’ve bought these protectors 3 times because they work.
 Product was quite hard and difficult to apply and I ended up completely removing it off my device. Instructions were incorrect and misleading. It was simply waste of time and money. Money paid for stuff that found its way in garbage. Quite surprised that Amazon allows this kind of product to be sold on the market place.
 This glass screen protector absolutely saved my phone!! I'd say I drop my IPhone more than most, and it has kept my phone in perfect condition!! The glass did crack, but that's because it's only doing what it's supposed to do which is save your screen!! I was so scared to look underneath the glass protector but then so relieved to see not even a scratch on my phone!! Such a reasonable price too! I just applied the second glass protector it comes with. The only reason I am giving 4/5 stars is because it is a little difficult to put onto the phone perfectly (kinda screwed up my second glass protector) and I wish it was just a tiny tiny bit more wide but other than that this product is a NEED!! You have to get this if you don't already!!
 My daughter ordered this for her new phone (iPhone 7), but it doesn’t cover the whole front of her phone. I guess it’s okay, but seems very strange to me. It will protect most of the front, so it’s better than none. Didn’t bother to try to return because we didn’t know it wouldn’t fit until after we were putting it on.
 This is my second set of these. My first screen protector lasted over 6 months, and I drop my phone a lot. I only have one of these covering the screen with a thin cover for the back. The first one cracked across the screen after dropping my phone face down on concrete. My phone screen was completely protected without a crack or scratch. My second screen is now needing replaced after chipping on the corner of the screen protector from being dropped. It is still usable but would just eventually like to replace it. I highly recommend these screen protectors!
 Great product! I now have one on each of the family's iPhone 6's. The kit has everything you need to prepare the phone and position the screen protector. I particularly like the two handles to hold and prepare to put the sheet in place. On top of quick delivery what more could you ask for... I just ordered another pack just in case.<br/>Finally, the protector works well with the Speck candy shell  cases we have on the phone.<br/>Literally! Two days after putting one of these on my daughter's iPhone 6 it was run over by a car... Dropped in the street... The protector died a horrible death by the screen is intact!
 After a couple of broken screens I figured I would try out the tempered glass. The 2-pk comes with 2 alcohol towelette. 2 dry pieces of cloth and 4 or 6 stickers.  Wiped with alcohol, then dried to make sure all the dust and fingerprints were gone.  Lined up the glass then used 2 stickers 'stickers' to tape down one side of the glass to keep in in place before I exposed the sticky side  (like a hinge on a door).  Peeled off the plastic coating to expose the sticky side and it went right in place.  Took off the stickers, squeegeed out the bubbles.  The kids have not complained so it doesn't interfere with anything they are doing.  They have dropped there phones several times, and one time the tempered glass did break so I put on another one.  I can't say for sure if the tempered glass saved the screen, but so far phones are good.  I will update if a screen breaks.
 This product does EXACTLY what is says it will. It goes on smooth, no bubbles or anything, stays on perfectly without peeling on the edges like some others. Dropped my iPhone 7 face down on rocks, the screen protector broke the fall and after peeling it off, the iPhone was completely un-damaged. Slapped a new one on (they come in 2-packs) and back in business. Worth every penny.
 I’m using it right now on my phone. Normal use yes sometimes I put my keys in the same pocket as my phone. No issues for at least 6 months
 This product has saved my screen several times over the past month. The only complaint I have is that the screen protector chips and cracks quite easily and I will need to purchase a new one very soon. Overall, this is a great product. You can barely even tell you have a screen protector and the fact that it comes with two makes it last quite a while. I would specifically buy this one again. Just be careful to read all of the instructions ahead of time and you will be able to avoid visible air bubbles more easily. I gave the second one to my roommate and she likes it just as much as I do.
 So far so good. Easy to install. Have not dropped the phone yet (knock on wood), so I don't know how well it holds up to impact.<br/><br/>UPDATE: I dropped my phone on gravel, and the screen appeared to be shattered. I was so upset. Only to discover upon peeling the screen protector off, my phone was absolutely untouched. I was shocked. This product is amazing!
 We ordered the techmatte screen protector for my son's iphone7. It seems to fit well on the phone. There is a region around the edge of the phone which appears not to be covered, but that is die to the curved nature of the phone. Installation was a bit tricky as we had to line up the cutouts exactly ( there is no hinge or swivel mechanism to first line up the protector and then peel off the the tape on the glue side.) But in the end we were able to get a bubble free installation. Overall we are happy with the product.
 This has saved my phone 3 times already! I keep buying them bc my phone keeps falling and smashing hard! My screen protector completely cracked everywhere when my phone dropped hard on concrete while riding a bike and I was so nervous about my phone.  I removed the protector and my screen was perfectly in tact!
 I don't remember the last time I disliked a purchase this much.  I bought two boxes, for a total of four protectors.  These do not fit the iPhone 8 properly. Bubbles, bubbles and more bubbles on the edges.  We ended up trying all four (once I found out I couldn't return the second box), repeating each of the steps over and over.  The edges do not stay adhered to the phone.  No matter what, the edges lift on one side or another.  If you don't care about the look of lifted edges, then these are the screen protectors for you.  Personally, I'm going back to my Zagg screen protector.  I've used nothing but Zagg protectors for the last 10 years, and I've never had a broken or scratched screen, nor have I had a single bubble or lifted edge.
 This product comes very well packaged and protected. It comes with wet wipes and a microfiber cloth, as well as dust remover strips (I didn’t have to use). For an iPhone X it also includes a very useful frame that guides your application of the glass protector, enabling you to more accurately apply the glass. I wish the iPhone 6 version also included a similar guide. (I purchased both versions.)
 I've dropped or had my iPhone knocked to the floor 3 times in its lifetime, and each time, this screen protector sacrificed itself nobly. It is somewhat noticeable on the screen, in that it doesn't fit all the way to the edges, but feels just like the glass. I've just returned a shoddy competitor for my new Google Pixel 2 and ordered this -  hope it serves me just as well!
 I have a very very good experience with Techmatte, initially i mistakenly order this instead of the iphone 7 plus and just realized it when i receive the item,they sent me an email about my feedback about the item and that i could replace it if im not satisfied, so i emailed them and asked them if i could replace it,not because im not satisfied but because of the stupidity on my part and they were kind enough to grant my request and sent me an iphone 7plus screen protector set,,was so happy with the product,not just its affordable and durable but also because the company cares for their costumer!big thumbs up for them!
 This pack of screen protectors came in a two pack and is good in case you mess up or just for later on down the road as a fresh replacement for free (not really, you still had to pay for it). Easy to put on comes with everything you need to clean the smudges off and pick up the lint or dust. So I recommend this product if you need a screen protector for your iPhone.
 Great product! I was a little nervous to do it myself as I've always had someone at the phone store put these on for me. I didn't feel like going in for just that so I did it on my own. Even with my extremely limited experience, I got it on my phone just fine, with no bubbles! I would definitely recommend this screen protector just simply on ease of application.<br/>And I am so happy to not see any cracks anymore! My dog got ahold of my phone after I dropped it outside one night. Between the otterbox and the glass screen protector, no harm came to my actual phone.
 The thing just seemed to go on the screen like it was installing itself...weird almost.<br/>Maybe I was just lucky, but it was a nice surprise compared to what I thought would be somewhat tricky.<br/>Have not dropped the phone yet, of course, but I assume it will protect the screen as well as any screen protector.<br/><br/>Great product, it seems.
 Installation of the screen protector on an iPhone 8 was easy. During installation of the thin glass I did have a couple of dust specks along the edges that caused slight gaps in the adhesion of the screen protector but they do not distract from the overall protection or interfere with screen visibility. I have had the protector on my phone since the end of January, 2018 so long-term adherence and protection are not yet known.
 Seems to work well. As advertised, it does not cover the entire front of my phone, only the actual screen portion. This doesn't work well with my phone case (Speck CandyShell Grip for Iphone 7) as there is space left unprotected, but would definitely work well if you have a larger phone case (one that covers more of the front of your phone).<br/><br/>The main reason for taking 1 star off is it doesn't seem to cover my entire screen. There is a slight sliver that is unprotected. I am not sure if this is a measuring issue (protector too small for iphone 7 screen) or if I'm just very bad at applying the screen protector.
 It's like having a brand new phone to put this on and it's so clean and beautiful. It's easy to install and easy to remove if it ever cracks. This brand has protected my last two phones and I've never had a problem.  I LOVE how easy it is to put on.  A child could do it.
 Saved my phone twice now. I dropped and broke these on two occasions but my actual phone screen was safe. With how affordable these are (especially in comparison to fixing a phone screen) I would really recommend. These are the only screen I've ever used that still felt like my original screen. Touch sensing wasn't impacted negatively ether. An iPhone must-have, especially if you are clumsy.
 This is a great screen protector for a very reasonable price. The kit comes with everything you need to properly clean your screen before applying. Additionally once applied it feels like my original screen, it’s not rubbery or sticky feeling like other screen protectors.<br/><br/>I actually originally bought the ipad version for my dad and it worked out so well (and was so cheap) that I bought one for my iPhone!<br/><br/>It has a lifetime warranty (that I haven’t tried to use) but it comes with 2 screen protectors in case you installation issues or one breaks. Honestly I’d probably just buy it again and not bother trying to use the warranty.
 This protector went on the iPhone 7 perfectly. The only thing I would suggest is the tabs need to stay adhered to the glass long enough to properly position the glass on the screen.  Mine released upon lowering the protector so I had to grab the edges of the protector and finish lowering and positioning.  Otherwise no issues and the protector is crystal clear. I would recommend again
 I dropped my phone and thought my screen was cracked. I was so happy when I peeled back the screen protector (which was cracked) to find my phone in perfect condition and not broke. So happy with this product, I bought one for my daughter as well.<br/>Also, how great is it that it comes with 2 screen protectors!
 Works well and easy to apply.  Customer service is pretty good, they sent me an email upon my purchase with a link to a video on how to apply the protector to the phone.  Kit comes with cleaning cloths, dust removal stickers, and two screen protectors. It's barely wide enough for my iphone 6 - could stand to be a wee bit wider to cover the whole phone.
 First let me say the customer support team was amazing because my issue was solved with in hours of contacting them. I just want to say it was my fault because I placed the order without realizing that I ordered the IPhone6/7/8 screen not the IPhone 6/7/8 Plus ,therefore I received what I have ordered. So I contacted customer support by email explaining my issue with my order and after the first initial email I received a reply stating that they understand my situation and will provide me with the correct size without me paying for a new order . Then two days later I received my correct size screen protector without any issues , furthermore, the quality is amazing the screen fits like a glove and the colors look more vivid and sharp on the phone when this screen protector is on .<br/>Thank you to everyone at TechMatte for a great product and a great customer support team.
 I’ve spent ridiculous amounts on high quality screen protectors; not anymore. These are perfect! Very sturdy, and DOES NOT CHIP. I’ve dropped my phone several times and cracked the protector, but the glass isn’t falling off and it doesn’t effect my visibility. It’s thin and smooth; I feel like it’s my actual screen. Will definitely continue to buy these.
 The screen protector was much easier to install than I anticipated.  The instructions were clear, the initial steps got the phone screen perfectly clean.  The two tabs for holding the protector were just the right size for your thumb and fingers and made positioning the protector exactly in the right place easy.  After installation, the edges were down completely on the phone.  It was much easier to install than my previous protector.  Very nice product!
 Hold up pal, before you go on and exit out this product, lemme tell you something. This glass screen protector is by far the BEST and I mean thee BEST glass screen protector I’ve had in years, not only does it come with two but also a coupon for when you run out, but it comes with easy instructions as well. When I say I’ve dropped my “bad word” a thousand times I ain’t lyin, I haven’t even broken the first of the two and I’ve had it on for nearly 7 months now, great product overall. YOUR WELCOME
 This was my first time buying a glass screen protector. For the price I couldn't pass up this offer especially since it came in a two back. My favorite part was the fact that the screen protector film had two large semi circles, one of top and one on bottom, which made placing it that much easier. Some of the edges don't seem to be all the way down and I did experience some bubbles which turned into micro bubbles. I assume within a few days of use all those issues will go away and there will be no noticeable problems. Great product!
 If you're going to drop $600+ on a phone, then you should pony up for some means of preserving it, especially if you're like me and practically a bull in a china closet (clumsy).<br/> - The application of this is *super* easy!  Bubbles can happen, but they're pretty easy to take care of.<br/> - Protects your screen.  I know that's kinda its primary function, but I've had two of these protectors crack, but the screen itself did not in either case.  That to me is a job well-done.<br/> - It does *not* decrease the sensitivity of the touch screen.  Yup.  I'm a phone addict.  If I swipe wrong on Candy Crush or somesuch game, then it's definitely my fault.
 This brand is probably the only brand I will buy for a screen protector. Price is nice, and the product works wonders. When you first go to put it on you might be concerned because it feels thin, but don’t let that fool you because this will save your phone screen! I dropped my phone screen side on gravely blacktop and it shattered the screen protector - the screen underneath was completely unscratched. 4/5 because it does bubble at the edges (might just be my application) and can scratche/shatters somewhat easily - but that is just physics. Overall buy it!
 I am delighted with this screen protector.  I had two mishaps with my iPhone 6 and the screen protector did its job... it took the force and cracked and left the iPhone screen itself unharmed.<br/><br/>The first was a drop from about 3 feet. The screen protector had a crack and the the iPhone screen itself was unharmed.<br/><br/>The second incident was a time at Wrigley Field where I leaned back into the corner of my (steel) seat and broke the corner of the screen.  Upon closer review it was the screen protector that broke, the iPhone screen itself was unharmed.
 Easy to apply. Gives you everything you need. I was able to lift up and reapply when I noticed dust under it.<br/><br/>After a couple weeks, the protector started to lift from the iphone 8. The company immediately sent a replacement. It is lifting again. I also have it on another iphone 8 and there is no lifting at all.
 This product arrived on time and was packaged well. The instructions were clear and very helpful. All components were marked and easy to use. I was going to get my son or grandson to apply the screen protector, but decided to give it a try myself since the kit included two protectors in case I messed one up. But I was pleasantly surprised when I was able to get the screen protector on the first try. It fit well and I feel secure my phone is now better protected. Thank you for this product. I would recommend to others!
 Less than a year ago I purchased the 2pack. I’m now writing a review after using both of mine up. They seem to be good quality products but both of them had major bubbles around the edges that wouldn’t go away. The first one seemed to crack very easy after a fairly soft drop that first bounced off of my shoe then onto hardwood floor. My fault. The 2nd was installed as like the first(exactly how the video shows you. Even in the bathroom w steam) still dust inside and bubbles(a large one on the side). This bubble is getting bigger and am now forced to peel off and start over! Very frustrating as I have not had this much difficulty with similar products in the past! I’m hoping for complimentary replacements and will wait to hear from the company!
 Easy to install.  Was able to push bubbles out easily.  Does not quite reach edge, but the description states that is how it fits due to curved iPhone 7 edges.  Included cleaning cloths worked well in preparing screen for application.  Did not use application hinges, just held by cover tabs and placed on screen.  Has no impact on touch screen feel or response. I use with a phone case so the protector is recessed below sides of case, which helps protect edges of screen protector.  Have only used a week, but love it so far.
 I am so happy with this product and more importantly TechMatte's customer service! I read some of the reviews prior to getting this product and was a little nervous but I was pleasantly surprised!<br/><br/>This product was exactly as it is described and very easy to put on if you follow the directions. I do suggest the trick with the shower on, it did make a difference!<br/><br/> As far as this company, even prior to my receiving the product they actually are proactive and send you an email with a video to show you how to put it on. Please understand this item is not intended to stop your screen from smashing if it falls, but it is great for scratches and surface protection.
 I purchased this screen protector for my new iPhone 7 and at first I loved the product. It was easy to put on and take off if I needed to. But over the weekend I accidentally knocked my phone off of the counter and my phone screen cracked underneath the screen protector. I was really mad because I had heard really great reviews about this brand. I was also confused on how a tempered glass screen protector did not protect my phone.
 This is not my 1st purchase of these great glass screen protectors &amp; probably won’t be my last. Thank goodness I put it on my iPhone, otherwise, I would have had to replace the actual screen. They’re touch sensitive, super clear, &amp; fit my iPhone 6s perfectly. I use an Otterbox cover &amp; no issues with protector hitting the edge of my cover.
 I had purchased this product back in February, and I had an issue with the pealing of the surface. I left a review for the product, and I was immediately contacted by the company. Not only I got reimbursed for my initial purchase, but also they sent me a new product. The color of this phone case is great, just as advertised! It looks the same as the phone cases you will find at the apple store, which were priced over $30 as far as I remember.  The outside is nonslippery and doesn't get dirty at all. The inside is faux suede, and very nice looking, even though it is not visible once the phone is in the case. I highly recommend this product and the company!
 It's a good product! I had the jetTech screens previously, and they failed me. This screen protector has a better feel, comes with better tools for application (like wet and dry wipes to get rid of oil and dust), and seems a lot less shatter-prone upon initial observation. Both of my jetTech screen protectors broke, despite all the positive reviews, and although accidents happen, I was not happy with the way the cracked screen protecters wore against my fingers. I could be wrong, and I'll find out if this screen protector breaks, but it truly seems like even if it did break, my phone would stay safe underneath and my fingers wouldn't wear agains a rough crack in the protector glass. That's just my admittedly biased two cents.
 You don't need my review considering there are so many, but here it is! Easy to apply. It's a thick screen protector, or at least I think so because I'm used to the floppy transparent sheets I would use for my old nexus. No bubbles when I applied it on the first try, but that could just be skill.<br/><br/>I've had my iPhone for just two months, with the screen protector on. I don't often drop my phone. But, the one time I did (today), it fell on a metal bar. I heard the screen protector crunch when it hit the bar. The corner of the screen protector cracked a bit and the phone was just fine!
 Let’s be honest there are so many of these screen protectors on the market and no one wants to read a long review. This is my first time buying this brand and I bought it because it was cheap. I’ve had it on my phone for a month now with no issues.<br/><br/>Installation was easy, but be sure to clean your phone screen well prior to install (no dust or fingerprints). All the stuff needed is included with the kit.<br/><br/>A few small bubbles immediately after install that completely disappeared after the first day.<br/><br/>The screen cover has a nice fit with clear display and minimal to no glare
 Perfect for. My iphone6s. I removed the $40 one Verizon put on my phone and it cracked more while peeling off. Easy instructions on how to apply, comes with dust remover stickers, 2 screens, and 2 sets of cleaning pads. I removed the screen twice after applying to remove air bubbles and the protector held up, no cracks while removing or replacing. I do have about 4 dust specs now but they are smaller then a pinhead and that's not super noticible. Will purchase again. Great price!!!
 After searching for a glass protector for my iphone 6s , i chose this one basrd on reviews. Finally got tired of the otterbox, way too bulky and plastic screen got pretty dirty. The install was simple, fit very nice and no bubbles! plus i have a spare just in case. Whole package was excellent, cleaning wipes, dust stickers ,2 protectors, feels very smooth snd super clean looking. Highly recommended if you want to protect your screen
 Was easy to apply and no bubbles and good seal.  Also touch is as good as w/o cover. Very clear picture  My only concern is it is too narrow. It not only does not cover the entire face of my iPhone 7 but does not even cover the picture  part fully.  Make just about 1/8 wider and it will be perfect.
 I recently bought a new I phone and was stunned to be told that the screen cover would be $50.... I declined and bought this one. I was nervous, thinking it would be hard to put on or too thick to swipe through....but!! WOW, this screen protector went on like a dream and is working great.  What a great deal... highly recommend!
 So Simple and easy to install that it was a pleasure to do it myself. Everything you need is included in the package. I had a screen protector on before this one and it eventually cracked. Thank goodness the protector cracked and not the actual phone screen. This screen protector was much easier to install and feels much smoother than the previous one.
 I love the ease of installation. Just make sure there is absolutely no dust! If you are able to do that, once you drop it in place and touch in the center it just sets in place. Amazing to watch it set! Great quality, easy to quickly wipe off fingerprints.<br/>Wash your hands to get any body oils or lotions off. Use a lens cloth to wipe and the included alcohol pad. I recommend you have some scotch tape to remove any dust that may settle on the screen. If you use a cotton towel or even a microfiber cloth it seems to attract dust like a magnet to the screen!
 An excellent product and value compared to other options available.  Fundamentally, it would be hard to believe that there are qualitative differences between the thin, tempered glass sold under the various brand labels of screen protectors.  This product comes packaged with two protectors, not just the single one sold by most brands, and the documentation and packaging are excellent.  Each screen protector even has a secondary protective film on the top of the glass that you will remove once installed on your phone.  Highly recommended!
 The punched holes for the front facing camera and the ear speaker are slightly off center, forcing the user to slightly offset the screen protector leaving a "sliver" of the screen uncovered. I'm not sure if this is just a fluke and I had received a faulty product, but it's a little off putting.<br/><br/>Otherwise, installation was easy and the end product looks good.
 1 FEBRUARY 2017:<br/>These glass screen protectors are great! They are easy to install (comes with everything you need and detailed instructions) and they protect your phone's screen. I would always recommend glass instead of regular screen protectors. Very cheap for 2-pack as well, at least mine were on sale for $8. Keep in mind that they don't fit the iPhone 7. I have an iPhone 6 and it fits perfectly.<br/><br/>However, I have yet to actually "test" the screen protector yet. I know for sure that it's scratch resistant but I'm not sure if it can withstand me dropping my phone all of the time. I guess we'll find out.<br/><br/>Will update if something bad happens.
 EDIT 8/22/16.  I've revised the score upward from one star because the product description does clearly say that it does not cover all of the glass.  Shame on me for not reading this closely enough before purchase, and I do have to be fair to the maker.  On the other hand, it still leaves a portion of the glass uncovered, so you can decide whether this is for you.  Not so much for me.<br/><br/>This item does not fit the glass of the iPhone 6s screen.  It covers only the portion of the front that is illuminated, leaving a few millimeters of uncovered glass around each edge.  This both leaves the glass vulnerable and makes for a very irritating gap between the edge of the screen protector and the phone's protective case.  Interesting that some other one-star reviews comment that the item is actually too big to fit flush on the screen.  Take your time to find a good one and save your money.  This one is a waste.
 I bought this screen protector for my new iPhone 8! It has been one of the most durable screen protectors I’ve ever bought. It comes with two! I’ve dropped my phone numerous times at the gym, at home on the wood floor, and this protector WILL NOT crack even with the protective outer box case that I have on it. I will continue to buy these screen protectors! They are SOO worth the money. It beats spending the additional money at the store when you buy your new phone. It’s very affordable and you can’t go wrong. I will recommend these screen protectors to anyone I know that needs one.
 Never question the importance of screen protection! I dropped my phone from a distance on marble, and ended up with a crack down my last protector. Removed the protector and the screen itself was completely fine.<br/><br/>This particular kit includes 2 sets of wipes and cloths, with some nifty warranty information on the back! The protector itself went on without a hitch - perfectly aligned with zero bubbles.
 This product was easy to install and came with an extra screen protector. The first one cracked slightly not too long after the first installation, I was paranoid that my actual phone phone screen cracked and in the process of taking it off is when I realized that it was the screen protector. I however already increased the crack by trying to take If off so it was useless to me.<br/><br/>The second screen protector cracked in multiple places after a couple of months. My phone has dropped a few times and each time another crack is added to my screen protector, but my actual phone screen is always protected.<br/><br/>I was recently in the market for a new screen protector as the previous one was beginning to scratch my fingers when I attempted to use my phone due to the cracks. I reviewed the product description of my prior purchase and realized that it came with a lifetime warranty. I contacted their customer service and they were very gracious in their response! They provided me with a new replacement and did not charge me a dime!<br/><br/>I highly recommend both this product and the company itself! Great experience all around! I have attached pictures showing the level of the cracks on my screen.<br/><br/>I hope this review is helpful for you.
 I use it with my iPhone 8 and otter box case on back. It keeps surface scratches out. Easy to install without bubbles or distortion. Comes with cleaners to help.  I have replaced the screen protector when a crack occurred. My iPhone was fine. I keep buying this brand for my whole family.  I love it and the price.  It won’t protect against a big fall. One big fall, all cracked including iPhone.
 I went through 3 of the $40 Belkin screen protectors from my local Apple store in about that many weeks. Within days the plastic would crack without even a noticeable drop of my phone. It was infuriating. I got tired of paying so much for such a crappy product and I set out to find an alternative.<br/><br/>This TechMatte screen protector looks identical to the pricey Apple one and is much more durable. I couldn't be happier with it. With TechMatte I get 2 for about $8, which is 10x cheeper than the inferior Belkins. Such a better product and deal. I'm done with the Apple store for screen protectors.
 This was easy to apply and easy to make sure your phone screen was clean beforehand. I really have noticed a difference in terms of how smudged my phone gets with this cover on, and the fact that this package comes with two protectors makes it very economical. Don't let the price fool you, this is the best screen protector I've ever used. This will now be my go-to screen protector when I get a new phone.
 The instructions to apply this iPhone 6 protective glass were simple and effective. It comes with wet and dry cleaning cloths to ensure your screen is perfectly clean before applying the screen protector. Once it’s applied, using the included screen card removes all of the bubbles flawlessly. The screen protector fits perfectly. You can’t even tell it’s on the screen. I will definitely buy it again if needed and highly recommend this product.
 Great product! Thanks to the great instructions, I think my screen protector looks better than the one they installed at the AT&amp;T store when I first purchased the phone. Would recommend the product and replacing the protection glass yourself (I was thinking of going back to AT&amp;T, but glad I did not). Do take time to read the directions carefully, have a clean work space and take a few minutes to clean the screen as directed to properly install the screen protector.
 I was really disappointed initially because, after painstakingly putting the glass over my phone, it cracked. I didn't drop it or anything. I think perhaps my phone got squished against something in my bag. However, even though there's a crack in it from the first 2 or so days of having it on, the glass hasn't cracked more and has kept my phone's screen protected. I would purchase this again.
 Put this on my new iPhone 8 and it has protected the screen wonderfully. I have a scratch all the way from the left to the right of it and am glad it's the protector rather than the actual glass. Knocked off a star because dirt has gotten trapped underneath around the home button area and I can't seem to get it out.
 The TechMatte glass screen protector is an excellent product.  They sent a separate email to remind me to make sure that I watched the YouTube video which provides instructions on how to clean my phone and apply the screen protector.  The instructions were easy to follow.  Unfortunately, I was clumsy and got dust trapped between the phone and the screen protector (it was my fault).  I was able to put on the second screen without any issues.  I sent an email to TechMatte Support to explain the situation.  The response was very prompt and friendly.  The customer support team offered to send a replacement screen protector to me. This level of customer service is second to none,  Thank you, Vincent and Steffi for your help!  I will continue to sing the praises of the product and great customer service to my family and friends!!!
 I'll cut to the chase. This product comes with two tampered glass screen protectors. It also comes with all the shenanigans to help you install the product bubble free!. I highly recommend this product to anyone who is afraid to scratch, shatter or is afraid anything else could happen to their horribly designed iPhone 6 screen. I know from experience. I have broken 3 iPhone 6's and prior to owning an iPhone 6, I never once damaged or cracked a screen on a phone. Get this! Very affordable and it works.
 Works great!  Due to a condition I have I drop my phone allllll the time and have broken them before. This screen protector was easy to install and I've dropped my new iPhone a dozen times this week and it has protected it well<br/><br/>As well one of the screen protectors was broken and they refunded me for half of my purchase!<br/><br/>This was a great buy, not too expensive, and the company was great to deal with.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this product.
 The seller really thought about everything because as soon as I received this in the mail (which was fast by the way) I got an email from them with a video tutorial on how to put it on my phone. Genius! Will be buying from them again as soon as I get my iPhone 7! I should note that I purchased this back in May and applied it as soon as I got it and the protector barely chipped 2 weeks ago. But the chip, which is a tiny one off to the side corner of the protector, is not a big deal in the slightest considering how many times I've dropped my phone prior to that. :D
 Great screen protector but it is a little difficult to put on. Compared to most screen protectors the tab make a big difference in helping to put the screen protector on only problem is that it’s difficult to put it on perfectly. They also say there will not be bubbles but the edges have bubbles on them which isn’t a huge deal but still a little annoying
 I don't normally write reviews, but, I really think this product needs a review.  It came in with all you need to install without any issues, it had great instructions, making it super easy.  I had order similar products in the past that were not very easy to install.  So far, it looks really good, it had no negative impact on using it on an iPhone 7, I am glad I ordered it and have already ordered a new set for iPhone 7 plus. Obviously, the key questions goes to protection, we don't have any drops, so if in the future we have drops or any other issues, I will come back here and update my review.
 The edges of the screen protector lifted after being on my phone a short time which looks awful. When I press it back down nothing happens. I replaced the first with the second and after a short time it happened again. It went on really nice at first so I’m really disappointed. I actually used this screen protector before with no problem and it saved my phone so maybe the problem was just this pack. The pack did seem like it had been a little smushed when it arrived so I’m thinking that might be it
 Purchased two sets for one phone thinking it was my install that was bad.  It's not contoured properly for iphone 8.  I've used AM Film products on my 6 and iphone 8+ with zero issues with edge adhesion.  On the 8, the newer beveled screen protector does not fit the the screen properly and fails to stick to the edges even when very carefully aligned and installed.  Disappointing product.  Spent 16 bucks on two failed sets.  I'd return it but good luck once opened and applied.  Try another brand if you have an iphone 8.
 I really wanted to like this product, but it didn’t work for me. It was very easy to install and very well made, but doesn’t work with an Otterbox Defender Case. Everything fits fine, but it deadens the sensitivity of the touch screen, making the phone difficult to use. Had hoped to provide an extra layer of protection from dirt and scratches, but will have to get by with just the case.
 Easy to put on and without bubbles, but also cracked easier than any screen protector I've ever had. Went through both of the screen protectors in about one month. I would say this is because they're doing their job, however I've never had issues with any other protectors in the past, nor have I ever cracked an actual iPhone screen.
 Had this on for two months now and so far very pleased with it. Haven’t had any major drops so far but just from daily use, I really like this protector. It’s smooth, responsive, and doesn’t add much thickness to the phone. I’m a little OCD so I was a little disappointed I couldn’t get it perfectly aligned and once you put these on, you can’t take it off and reuse it. That was really the only thing I didn’t like but not enough to take off a star for. My recommendation: definitely get them.
 Arrived promptly. Nice packaging.. tho maybe a little wasteful...<br/>Complete kit with everything needed to install two shields. Installed simply and easily.<br/>Time will tell..  but guaranteed lifetime..<br/><br/>so that's good<br/><br/>Update. Both broke within weeks of installation. The first I'm not sure why. It might have got nicked tho I don't think so.<br/>The second I'm almost positive was never impacted..
 I rarely give reviews, but I had to for this product.  I LOVE this screen protector. I've had my IPhone 6 for a while now and have always used the screen protectors that came with the Commuter Otter Box cases. No comparison!  Theirs is plastic. I reordered a Commuter box, which I also love, but did not use their screen protector. First of all, I appreciated the you-tube video they sent before receiving. And it went on exactly as they said... super easy. The glass gives the screen such a better look, more clearer, cleans easily, and it makes scrolling on the screen smoother. And great price for two. Thank you!!
 I almost always buy Speck screen protectors. Open opening these, I don't think I will go back! The quality of these protectors is awesome! They are much sturdier than any other screen protector I've ever purchased! When placing it on the phone, there weren't bubbles under the screen (everyone's least favorite part of putting a screen on!) and it didn't alter my ability to use the touchscreen! I can't see any reason they would have an issue, but it's great to know that there's a 12 month warranty if I do!
 Okay so I applied the first one in my iPhone 7 after watching instructional video. Well my eye was not so good but the screen protector is very nice. It's a bit off center but I'm keeping it on because it still works. The second one I applied on my son's iPhone 7 was much better. I was able to center it and did not have any bubbles. It looks great and was pretty easy to apply second time. If you only have one phone, its nice to have 2 screen protectors in case you mess up.
 We have purchased four of these TechMate amFilm screen protectors now. They have all worked as advertised. We put them on our teenagers' phones and they saved us from the expense of replacing iPhone screens. Two of the protectors that were on our teenagers' phones became cracked beyond use. We were within the one year warranty period, so I emailed the customer service department my info, issue and copy of my purchase receipt. To my surprise they responded back within 10 minutes! They confirmed my mailing address, asked for pictures of the broken product (optional) and told me I would be receiving replacement product shortly. Within 5 days I received two replacement screen protectors. My family won't purchase any other screen protector. The product lives up to it's protective qualities, but the CUSTOMER SERVICE will keep us purchasing TechMate products!
 I highly recommend amFilm Protector Glass for your phone.<br/><br/>Super easy to apply. No bubbles or wrinkles. I am not a pro at these, but it applied much easier than other screen protectors I have tried in the past. I have a professional look for a fraction of the mall price. The directions are easy, and there is a step by step video you can watch too if you need a confidence builder, but really just don't hesitate. You can apply these easily and they will save your screen!
 I can't speak to the durability of this product as I've just installed it on my iPhone. However, the installation was simple, quick and, after following the tip to install it in a bathroom where you've just run the shower to reduce dust in the air, I encountered only one spec of dust which was easily removed with the supplied tapes.  One of the easiest screen protector installs I've ever done. Hint: Do a trial run so you have a mental picture of how it needs to look once you've removed the protective film and are laying it down to adhere.
 I wasn't able to get this shield perfectly aligned with my phone so I have edges of the shield that look like they're going to come off of the screen. It works well, but the lines I see on the edges are a little annoying.
 I have been purchasing these screens for about a year now and I am so glad that I found these! I am not the most gentle person when it comes to using my iPhone and I was breaking my screen the funniest ways possible! I dropped it once while hiking, shattered. I gently set it down on a rock while hiking, shattered. Then I forgot it was in my lap and got out of the car, shattered. I needed something that would protect my phone and my wallet!<br/><br/>These screens go through the ringer with me and work tremendously! I can leave a screen protector on for quite some time and live a stress free phone using life! I'd highly recommend this product!
 I always have tempered glass on my iPhone after learning my lesson the hard way, several times. I never thought too much about brand, I just order a new one when it's time and move on. I will say that this product stands out. Not only do they give you instructions for the application process, but they include a fuzzy glass cleaning cloth, a wet cloth and dry cloth, and a (is there a word for this?) "presser" to press along the glass to get all of the air bubbles out. You definitely know you're going to get the best visual effect with this application process.  At the end of the day, it does the job like any other, thus far at least, but the extras included really stood out.
 This is what would have happened to my screen instead of this cover. I have a 9 month old baby who likes to play pick up phones. 9 months later, finally happened and I thought my screen cracked but it was just the cover. Bought a second set and will continue to use these for as long as I have these phones
 Dropped my phone several times. Today, the target parking lot would have been the end of my iPhone 7 if it wouldn’t have been for my tempered glass. My phone is still in mint condition. This is the first time I’ve had to replace the glass since ordering a year and a half ago. Money well spent!
 after installing it, few things i noticed was, this not a complete fit as the iphone 6 onwards are curved so they are not built around that. Due to less coverage, its hard to fit on the screen. Also less rating due to not an exact cutting even if you align it before stinking it on the screen, the durability seems sterdy and the screen brightness doesn’t gets affected after installing it.
 #1: it is very challenging to put a screen protector on the phone without dust particles getting in the middle. So dont become upset if it happens to you. But know that after a couple of days, the screen flatens out the dust particle and its barley noticible.<br/>#2: They are wonderful! The first screen protect I cracked it immidiatly, but I left it on for some time and as I dropped my phone more and more, the cracks werent so bad. A couple months passed by before I realized I had another screen protect and 2 weeks later, no cracks despite 1 drop.<br/><br/>Highly recommend. Very Very good quality for the price.
 Order this since I saw other good reviews.  Arrived quickly and the packaging was very good (not sure what the bad review about terrible packaging was about...the box is sturdy and I'm pretty sure could take a beating and still be fine on arriving).  But the most difficult part was getting my OCD to be convinced the screen was clean before putting the protector on.  It was clean, but when you do things like this every little reflection seems to be a speck of dust.  Anyway, so far the protector is great.  I haven't have it for very long and I'm good about not playing football with my phone.  Hopefully if I decide to the screen will be good on drops.  But other than that it's good.
 Update: I smashed my protector-less phone screen and needed a glass protector to just hold everything in place. I bought the amFilm which did the job perfectly (and saved me $100) and put the second on my work phone. I went to write a five star review and realized I had already bought and reviewed for my older iPhone 6! Like the title says, just buy it....I was concerned that this would impact the functionality or feel of the screen, but it does not. Works great and provides an extra piece of mind against drops and other damage.
 The first screen I put on got scratched up so easily around the corners. I finally replaced it with the second they give you in the pack which is nice of them.<br/>Well I dropped my phone on a trail. The screen protector was good but my PHONE screen cracked. I get the purposes isn’t to keep your phone screen from shattering but it seemed to have offered 0 protection
 Arrived on time, no issues!!  Love the tempered glass protectors!! This protector was on my daughter's phone when she tripped and fell and the phone took a nasty hit.  The tempered glass shattered, not her iPhone screen!!  Just received a new one and applied it!!!  Thank you so much from a potentially costly phone screen repair!!!
 Got what I paid for! I will mention that the "glass" part of the screen protector is definitely a little exaggeration on their end. It's more plastic than "glass" like... but for the price I was happy with what I received. I'm comparing it to other glass screen protectors I've had in the past but then again those were like $30 more than these and only came with one. So like I said I got what I paid for. Good screen protectors to use if you can't afford one of those top of the line tempered glass ones but still need protection for your phone screen.
 I’ve ordered these a couple of times. They have saved my phone screen three times so far. They crack and the phone doesn’t. Even dropped it on concrete once. The screen protector shattered but the screen didn’t even have a scratch on it. Just replace the protector and go! Love these!!
 This product fits the iPhone 8 screen and was relatively easy to install--good quality and does not impede touch screen contact--however, its edges do not curve and the protector is so large relative to the phone's screen that there is white ghosting around all four edges -- Not recommended for iPhone 8.
 These work great, the instructions on how to put it on without fuzz getting under the screen are helpful (run the shower, steam stops the fuzz in the air). The only problem is that with the 6S, they are a little too narrow so the screen doesn't quiiiite reach the edges of the screen. It's ok, but definitely doesn't fit all the way.
 Great product, comes with everything you need to get it on to your phone (screen cleaner, dust cloth, etc) and is very sturdy! My wife recently dropped her phone face first and the screen protector broke and we took it off hoping there wouldn't be a scratch on her phone and - VIOLA! - not a scratch in site. We have since bought another batch.<br/>I should note that it is very well made and very see through so there was no concerns in bubbles or weird screen distortion.
 Be very careful installing. As the company states due to the rounded edges of the iPhone the screen protector is very!!!!! Narrow and only covers the full screen if you install perfectly. Small line on left side of screen because I didn’t get it perfect.
 So far so good just applies it seems to fit better than other ones I’ve tried it always takes me twice to do it right so I always end up wasting one screen protector but that’s more my fault . The only reason I gave one less star is because other kits I’ve used contain a snap on piece for the phone to better align the protector and those I think are a much better idea than tabs .. material seems good I bent the heck out of the one I wasted and it didn’t break so seems pretty durable hopefully this one will last awhile. I will however when I’m shopping for screen protectors again probably go with this brand they seemed of better build quality and fits better than other ones I’ve used.
 I have a 6S and I've been using these for a few months now and they are life savers. I have had a few nasty scratches and cracks in the screen protector, but none on the actual phone. When you pay $650 for a phone, you want to take care of it, and these do the job. Without these, I'm sure my phone would be shattered to high heavens by now. I've already repurchase them once and I've had my phone less than a year. I will be repurchasing these again in the future and would recommend them to anyone who has a smart phone.
 As I comment on all screen Protector provider reviews, one, instruct on the use of hinge tape to make installation easier, and two, use a flashlight, held parallel to the glass you are cleaning/dust removing.  amFilm does include multiple dust speck removers -- a Must!  I personally had zero issues installing this product - dust and bubble free.
 I purchased this item in July last year and just replaced it with a new one because the soft outside layer was peeling away on the corners. I would say that it started happening between 8-10 months. I really liked the case and it protected my phone well.  It looked cool (great color too!) and felt nice to the touch Too. For the cost, it lasted an appropriate amount of time but I expected it to last longer,
 Well, the idea of it was nice. But my phone and I took a fall while I was out for a run, and it did not survive. The screen protector did ok, with just minor cracks, but the bottom of the phone shattered. The cracks continue to expand. The price is nice, but now I wish I had gone with something that was better quality. It didn’t even last 3 months.
 Thought having 2 for the price was awesome! Also came with everything in kit to properly clean and place screen protector, even has a cloth to keep it clean after. The screen protector was easy to apply, looks and does a great job!
 The directions were really clear and easy to follow. Much easier to put on than I expected. One of ours (we got them for four phones) got a little crack shortly after install and customer service was EXCELLENT. Responded right away. I'd highly recommend the product and the company.
 I purchased this screen protector a few months back. My first opinion was that it was only okay - easy to apply and hardly noticeable.<br/><br/>I am giving it 5 stars because I have finally been able to see it in action. I accidentally dropped my phone on the ground this morning while getting into my car. You know where this is going..... I ran over my phone!! Picked it up and saw numerous stomach-clenching cracks. I put aside my pain and drove to work before messing with it at all. Once I arrived to work and started peeling off the protector, all of my anxiety went away. The protector took ALL of the damage and my phone is crack free!! Getting ready to put in another order for a new protector!
 Bought this screen protector for my wife's new iPhone 8. Ended up liking it so much that I ended up ripping off the (expensive) screen protector on my own iPhone 6 and replacing it with this one. It seems to make the screen appear more crisp and best of all does not retain any finger smudges. If you're looking for a screen protector this one is a no-brainer.
 Easy to apply to the screen -- follow the directions and take your time. Everything you need is provided -- cleaning wipes, dust removal stickers, squeeze card, and instructions. Recommend you watch the video (TechMatte provides the link) first -- it is very helpful. The protector looks good on the screen. The touch screen is very responsive. I've had my screen protection on for about one year and so far it works great!
 I just got this screen protector, and the first thing I can say is that it is VERY thin. This worries me because it means there is not much protection between your screen and the protector. My last screen protector lasted forever....never scratched or anything until I dropped it hiking. I have had this screen protector for less than a week and it is already scratched..and I have not dropped my phone or anything? I am scared my screen is going to shatter under this extremely thin protector.  I really don't think this screen protector will protect your phone from shattering if you drop it.
 Went through both of the included protectors in almost no time despite no serious impacts to the phone. Both protectors broke multiple times in multiple places. Would not recommend. Previous used ones lasted the better part of a year - these less than a few months.
 I just love this product and their customer care. Amazing follow up. I got this product two months before and I was not aware that they give life time warranty to the registered products within 45 days from purchase. My phone fell down and the screen protector is broke. This protector saved my phone. I ordered new one and that is when I realized that I didn't register my previous product.But, still I emailed them if they can replace this just one time. I doubt it though. But, to my surprise I received an email and the customer care people and they are too good in follow-up till I receive the product. I was so happy. Special thanks to Shelby, Steffi, Vincent and Gretchen who helped me in this.
 I've ordered these screen protectors twice because I've been so consistently happy with them. They're easy to apply, do not in any way interfere with my phone's usability, have protected my screen on multiple occasions (I drop my phone regularly), and are extremely well priced. Also, the protector is so thin that there's almost no compromise of the phone's overall aesthetics. I would readily buy this protector again and highly recommend it to others.
 The film went on smoothly and left no marks.  That was important to me.  Last time I used a film, it was so difficult to ensure a correct fit.  I couldn't believe the marks it made.  With this film, you really don't realize the glass is covered.  Good Luck with your business.
 Purchased for my iPhone 7. I dropped my phone at one point and noticed a hairline crack appear down center of phone. After a couple weeks, it began to spread. Finally removed film to find that crack was only in screen protector, no actual damage to phone.<br/><br/>So incredibly thankful and pleased with purchase. Saved me having to replace screen.<br/><br/>Side note, I do have a case on phone in combination with screen protector.
 These are great screen protectors.  I just wish they were a little wider so it covered the entire backlit part of the screen.  Right now the edge is barely inside the backlit area.  This causes a rainbow effect along both sides.  Not a deal breaker, but slightly annoying.
 I’ve always had and swore by Zagg InvisibleShield screen protectors. Until now that is. Rather than hash out $30 for one screen protector I decided to try this 2-pack for a fraction of the cost.<br/>It was pretty hard to get on and get all the bubbles out and the cardboard straight edge they give you is almost worthless a gift card works great. After getting it on it feels just like the screen of my phone and I will be saving the second one for future use.<br/>Highly recommend these, smooth feel, great fit, and great price.
 I've had a bazillion screen protectors (from cheap cheap to expensive).  This falls in the mid-range for the price.  It doesn't fit over the entire iPhone 6S screen (and they do state that in the instructions once you get it), but I don't like that.  I had my husband put this on (who's more meticulous than I am) and there are still (what look like) air pockets on the edge of the glass, as if it doesn't adhere to the phone all the way.  I haven't had this crack or scratch yet and I'm a seriously clutz.  Overall, its a decent purchase.
 My only complaint about this screen protector is that I've only had it on my phone for a month and I can already see where it's lifting at the edges. Other than that, the application was very clean and easy. There are no scratches on the protector and I do notice that there is significantly less smudging on this one compared to other protectors I have, so overall I'm satisfied with it.
 Works and fits well.  Family got 4 new iPhone 6s' so we bought 4 of these and they installed easily and work well on the phone.  Although not scientific by any means, my wife dropped her phone and called me to say she had cracked her screen.  She was bummed.  I asked her to confirm it wasnt the screen protector and she was delighted to confirm that was the case.  Did it save my wifes screen?  Dunno.  Certainly didn't hurt!!<br/><br/>I didn't bother trying to get a warranty replacement and just ordered a new set.
 This screen protector is a great product. Doesn't interfere with the touch screen at all, easy to install, subtle, and also has protected my case from a bad fall that should have shattered the glass but instead shattered the screen protector glass and my iPhone survived without a scratch. AND it comes with 2 in a pack so I had another one to install right after it happened! Everyone should get this.
 Product was good and easy to use, except for the fact that some of the edges did not adhere well to my iPhone 7. There is a very thin edge where it just would not stick all along the right-hand side. I'm leaving it there until it either catches dust under it or begins to peel further, at which point I'll try the 2nd one that came in the box, in case this was a fluke. Also a very small portion along the bottom edge would not stick well. Other than that, it was as described.
 I originally had this screen protector for my iphone 7. After many drops it finally cracked but my screen was fine. I ordered a different brand to replace it assuming that they were all basically the same. I was wrong. The other brand did not fit my phone correctly. Specifically, the hole for the front camera was not in the right place, so even though I had the screen protector centered, it created a hazy cloud around any pictures taken with front camera. I order this brand again and it is so much better. It fits my phone correctly and the installation was so much easier because of the included cleaning wipes and extra tabs placed on the screen protector to help with proper placement.
 Best screen protecters I've ever used. I dropped my phone and the front looked completely destroyed. I figured the protector was broken along with the screen. I peeled the protector off and my screen was in perfect condition. Extremely protective, fits perfectly, very smooth, and it doesn't even feel like you have one on. Highly recommend to anyone who doesn't want a protector on, but knows they need one. Great price and comes with little extras to help you put it on the phone.
 This is a clear, a little thick, and easy to clean protector.  I am glad it comes in pairs as the first one did it's job by taking the brunt of a few accidents and I just replaced it.  Even though the protector is cracked in a few places, my screen is intact.  It doesn't distort the screen at all, but any smudges are so much easier to clean.  Highly recommend it, got one for my iPad and only wished those came in pairs too.
 I have been using this glass screen protector for the last six months and it’s held up fantastically.  For the price, you can’t go wrong. Also, I’m sure it has helped prevent a lot of screens from cracking — so far  I haven’t  dropped my phone from too high up or anything catastrophic like that to test this lol but I’m pretty satisfied so far.
 The screen protector is just fine. It is easy to install, but I moved too quickly and produced an air bubble. This is my fault for not reading the instructions and for moving too fast, so read the instructions and take your time, and you will be 100% satisfied!
 This screen protector works really well.  Be advised though, to follow the installation instructions exactly to get the proper fit and location without bubbles.  They also have a free replacement for the first two screens that become damaged, even if it’s your fault.  Carrying your phone in a pocket with keys or other items with sharp edges will result in scratches on the protector.  Of course, you wouldn’t likely do that with a phone without a protector, so you shouldn’t with a protector - you just damage a cheaper surface.
 AT&amp;T wanted to charge me $40.00 for screen protectors per phone. Ordered these and they work perfect, I have them on mine and my daughters Iphone 7. Couldn't be happier and I have dropped my phone quite a bit on accident. They come with 2 in a box and I didn't know so I ordered 2 boxes. The second set we have used on on her boyfriends I phone that he has shattered the screen 3 times on it and it has held up. I would definitely recommend and buy again
 Easy to apply and gives my phone a fresh look. Not only that, I have had this protector on my phone for several months now, and there have been some accidental tests of the screen protectors strength. It has withstood drops, impacts from tools, etc without cracking or failing in anyway. I actually ended up ordering this protector for my workers phones as I have been quite pleased with the quality.
 I bought this a year go, there were 2 screen protectors inside the pack, the first one went totally bad in 6 month and now the second one is ruined the quality of tbese films are not really good. On the corners I have had bubbles and now all the dist and dirt is mixed up on it, I don’t recommend this product.
 I followed the instructions exactly and the mount was flawless  there were no bubbles and I was thrilled with how good it looked. However after just a few hours, one corner started to peel up. Not a lot, but just enough to look awful. I am going to try to apply another one and am hoping this one was just defective.<br/><br/>UPDATE: Applied the second screen protector and am having the same problem.  I would note recommend buying it. :(
 Super easy to apply to my phones. They crack VERY easily and I am afraid to take off my screen protector (fingers crossed it's the protectors themselves and not my phone.) The kit came with everything you need to successfully install your screen protector and is WAY cheaper than products that can be bought at actual cell phone stores. The two pack is perfect because when one cracks, you have an easy replacement.<br/><br/>Would definitely recommend to anyone with an iPhone!
 Product seems to be great. Only had it on a week so no long term info. Installation was simple and straight forward however I believe while applying pressure to push out a bubble with the provided tool a small left a center crack formed in the protector. It would probably not be noticeable for most people but I'm a perfectionist and it's driving me crazy. Also I haven't dropped the phone yet so not sure on how it handles a fall with the screen protector on. I really like the feel of the screen protector. It feels just like the actual phone screen and I don't have any issues with a loss of screen sensitivity. Phone also fits the Rhinoshield Play Proof case with the screen protector on.
 I purchased this for my daughter's iPhone 7 and installed a few days ago so I can't talk abut durability yet. It is easy to apply following the usual directions to avoid bubbles and dirt under the protector. Item arrived on time and in a good protective package.
 Love it. It is thin but strong. I’ve dropped my phone a couple times and it’s still good as new.<br/>The cardboard that they give you to help remove the bubbles is a little flimsy. If you follow directions there shouldn’t be that many bubbles and if you move the bubbles as close to the edge as you can, they disappear after a couple days.
 I used to think that these harder screen protectors might be overkill. I don't think that anymore. Just the fact that a stiffer protector makes is MUCH easier to apply to the screen all by itself makes these well worth buying. I do not discern any lack of screen sensitivity, and for the first time ever, there isn't a single bubble on the screen.
 this had to be the easiest screen protector I have ever applied to an iPhone.  Went on easily and with NO bubble.  It seems to protect the screen well as I have dropped the damn phone at least 10 times since I put this screen protector on.  I highly recommend this product
 The sides and edges of the glass protector does not glue down as well. I've tried pushing it down, hoping the pressure would help it stick better, but as soon as I move my finger the bubbles come back and it doesn't seem to stick all the way. Because of this, you can easily remove the screen protector by pulling up the edge.
 I recently purchased this product and it came with absolutely everything I would need to clean, prepare, and install the screen protector. This has not been my experience with other brands so far. There are multiple wet and dry cleaning pads, microfiber cloth, multiple dust remover stickers including different sizes. The least favorite item that I received in the package is the card supplied to remove any bubbles that might get trapped under the screen protector. My complaint is that, this card is not rigid enough. But this is rather a insignificant complaint.<br/><br/>Overall extremely satisfied with the product and the included installation, cleaning materials they provide you with!
 I’ve used a major brand of glass screen protector for years. But inevitably I’ll crack the protector in a few days. Plus, I always have air bubbles no matter how hard I try. I was so impressed with this product. Much less than the other brand. Easier to put on my phone. The tip to go into a the bathroom worked! No bubbles! And so far, the durability is great!
 I got a new iPhone 8 after three and a half years of the iPhone 5S, so I was desperate to find a case and screen protector to ensure its safety. I got these screen protectors very quickly and installation was as easy as ever. I still have the second one in case my current one has problems, but just over a week in, it’s still doing wonderfully! Very responsive and only tiny, unnoticeable bubbles around the edges that just won’t go away. I haven’t dropped my phone yet, so it has yet to be put up to the test.
 The first time I used this product, my phone got the "halo effect." After I emailed them about it, they quickly replied on the same day and sent me a free replacement.  They told me that the free replacement was designed to better fit the iphone 7, and they delivered on that promise! It feels good and it was easy to install.
 I've always bought my screen protectors from places like Best Buy in the past, but no longer. These are just as good, and they're ridiculously cheaper! I haven't been using it for long, but it was easy to install and it does what it claims.
 The protector does not fit the entire screen but it's not supposed to and I can't see how it would be an issue. The feel and look of the glass is superior to a plastic screen protector and is much easier to install. The included card was not strong enough to get the bubbles out but was able to do it using something else. Also great customer service, they emailed me the day I got it to check in, I emailed back to say I had a problem getting a bubble out and they immediately offered to send another one, although I ended up not needing them to. I would definitely buy again.
 I’ve been through all kinds of screen protectors from top of the line to the bottom and these are by far the best for he money. They are surprisingly durable and I have had to replace these less than the high price ones I used in the past. I now have these on all my devices.
 I bought a "used" one. Basically, the box had been opened before, but no big deal! I got it for a dollar cheaper and everything was still in the box and new. It is sooooo easy to put this protector on and it looks like it's just your screen. It isn't foggy or anything. There's a few tiny dust bubbles in mine after application but that's my fault. They provide all materials to get all of the dust off. I was just being a bit lazy about it.
 This screen protector is better than I expected! I normally would buy the expensive shield protectors because I work in a hospital and need to disinfect my phone every day. So naturally it mildly scratches the screen protector and makes it cost prohibitive to keep buying the $20 protectors, and the best part is that this is exactly the same as the shield protectors. Granted it is a different application method, it does the same exact job for a fraction of the price. I also had trouble with my order (my fault) and I contacted them via email like they asked and resolved it immediately!! They are awesome! I bought this with my own money and am just doing this because they deserve the unbiased review.
 First I really want to say how awesome this companies customer service is! I've bought a lot of screen savers for all different electronics but this has by far been the best experience by far. The price is fair and the product is the most idiot proof I've ever had. the seller contacted me twice to make sure I was satisfied and they have a video on how to install the screen protector they give absolutely everything you need for a dust free installation. The best part is these easy install tabs that make putting on the screen protector a breeze. Will never buy a different kind!
 Have had these on all three of our phones for over a year and they work great! My daughter did crack hers but it saved her screen just like it’s supposed to. Just follow the instructions for application. Might even want to watch a YouTube video for extra tips.
 The screen protector is exactly what I needed. It went on easily with no bubbles or smudges. I used the second one on my daughter's phone since she is quite rough with her phone. I believe it will save us money by protecting our iphone screens. <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/amFilm-iPhone-8-7-6S-6-Screen-Protector-Glass-amFilm-Tempered-Glass-Screen-Protector-for-Apple-iPhone-8-7-iPhone-6S-iPhone-6-4-7-34-inch-2017-2016-2015-2-Pack/dp/B01415QHYW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">amFilm iPhone 8, 7, 6S, 6 Screen Protector Glass, amFilm Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Apple iPhone 8, 7, iPhone 6S, iPhone 6  4.7" inch] 2017 2016, 2015 (2-Pack)</a>
 I purchased this glass cover in February so I could use the smaller otter box commuter as the  defender was too large. It fit great I was very pleased with the product.<br/>Today I accidentally left my iPhone 7 on my car and drove away. It  got ran over. The otter box looks sad and when I saw my phone it  looked crushed. When I took this glass cover off to my surprise the phone screen has absolutely no cracks whatsoever! I could not believe it. I'm impressed and so I am ordering a new one. This cover saved my screen.  The picture is the screen protector still in one piece after being ran over. Wow.
 This screen protector isn’t that great. I dropped my iPhone and I noticed I broke my phone. My glass screen protector was perfectly okay, but my actual screen was cracked. I sent the company an email and they told me they wouldn’t fix my phone. It was frustrating to see a failed product ruin my device. I wouldn’t buy if you want a glass screen protector to protect against cracks.
 I love these specific screen protectors because of the tabs that are on the front of screen so that you don't have to touch the edges when applying. No matter how careful I was in previous applications with other brands, I always ended up having some type of mark somewhere near edge from application. Aside from the above mentioned benefit, the tabs offer you more control when applying so you can apply the screen right the first time.
 Within a week of applying TechMatte's screen protector to my new iPhone8, I dropped my iPhone.  TechMatte's screen protector limited the damage to only the screen protector.  I was saved both a headache and a wallet ache.  When I initially received the product, I found the installation relatively easy due to the instructions and accessories provided - dust remover, built in adhesive, scraper to remove bubbles, etc.  I have no problem recommending this product for the protection of your iPhone screen.  UPDATE:  The Lifetime Warranty covered the damage and TechMatte mailed out a replacement.
 This is my second order of screen protector from this company. I was satisfied on my first order so I keep on ordering from them.  This screen protector is a tempered glass material and it is truly tough to protect my iPhone 7. It comes complete with installation accessories and it's so easy to install. I would highly recommend this product. I would not buy anything else.
 The screen protector went on alright, and it was nice to have 2 because one of them broke when I tried to apply it. It lasted for a few weeks, but then I dropped the phone a short distance and chipped the protector, which then proceeded to splinter on my finger and chip more. I ended up going to Best Buy to buy a new protector and paid a specialist to help me apply it. When they removed this protector, it left a sticky residue on the screen that was impossible to clean off and affected the new screen.<br/><br/>In sum: NOT RECOMMENDED.
 I dropped my phone running up concrete stairs and my phone fell face first. I was mortified to pick it up and I got nervous because this was the ultimate test on my screen protector. Indeed, there was damage--to the screen protector. I peeled it off and the phone itself was perfectly fine. I've ordered these twice it's so worth having peace of mind!<br/><br/>Edit: I've noticed a lot of people with the iPhone 8 have some complaints. I too have the iPhone 8 and have no problem with the protector covering the camera or being too small/big. There's an indent at the top of the protector to make sure it does not cover the front camera.
 I really like all the accessories that come with the screen protector for installation, very helpful to get it done. Unlike other brands that I have used the wet wipe was actually wet and got all the screen clean, you use the dry wipe to get it all polished ans the the stickers to get any dust of the screen! Then the part I hate is when you have to actually put the screen protecto in, but with this one it was really easy as it has like a handle so you can position the screen protector and then use the card that's included to push throu and get zero bubbles!!! Very happy with the purchase....
 I purchased this pack of 2 protectors January 21, 2017. Since then, the first one cracked but the phone wasn't dropped so I am baffled at how the crack got there. No issue - I just put the 2nd one on. A couple weeks later, the 2nd one started bubbling up so now I can hardly see anything with it on. If I want something to protect my phone, I will have to look elsewhere. I'm disappointed as I really wanted to like this product.
 I had a privacy screen protector on before buying these. These screen protectors really show off my phone screen and for someone who is particular about making sure they are on straight and without bubbles/debris under them, they are able to be applied easily and securely. I would definitely buy again!
 I can honatly at that of all the screen protectors I've used this has been the easiest one to install. That said, be very mindful of the actual placement. It is cut very precisely, so if you move it one millimeter to the right, like I did, it would be slightly off. Not unusable, but sometimes you will feel the edge when swiping from right to left (in my case).<br/><br/>Aside from that I would definitely buy it again. The 3D Touch works perfectly, and the screen looks nice.
 After a few days of putting on this screen protector, lines of what looks like air bubbles started to appear and getting longer and bigger across the phone.  A dark fog also started to appear from being small and spreading to nearly the entire phone screen making it dark and difficult to see.  I followed the installation instructions, which is basically the same as the previous screen protectors I’ve had but this is the first time this has happened.
 I like the quality of this product, but I have an iPhone 7 and its still a little to big on the edges and hangs over a bit.  Easy to apply though and no bubbles, just don't know how long it will last with the edge not attached.  And it's weirdly only on the right side.
 Amazing price for a good quality 2-pack screen protector.  We use these on 2 phones.  Phones have been dropped and these protectors have prevented the screen from cracking.  Cracks developed in the protectors, but not the protector's fault.  Just wear and tear over time.  This is the second time I've bought these, and I will buy again.
 Product arrived as planned. Had trouble placing the 1st one on and I dropped it and it cracked so I had to throw it away.  So then I realized how fragile the protectors are so I was much more careful putting it on.  The card they give you to take the air bubbles out is like a credit card but just a thin paper thing the bends very easy as you try to pull the bubbles from beneath the protector.  I still have a few small bubbles.  If you had done this several times it would probably be much easier.  But you only get two chances.  They do crack very easy.  Otherwise once you get it on it works like it is suppose to so far.
 We just got these, but so far so good. They are for my kids, who were able to put them on themselves, which we know some of these are so hard to put on. They haven't cracked them or chipped them. In my book this is a winner.  Great price, great product.
 I don't know if I should be blaming the quality or myself. I do tend to drop my phone, but not as often as to explain all the cracks that have already appeared. I have only had it since December, so I would say that the quality could be better.
 I have an iphone and when I purchased it, I put a glass protector on. About a month ago, I slipped and fell holding my phone and I thought I had cracked the surface of the phone. Turns out, only the glass protector had cracked and the phone was undamaged under it! So, I will always have a glass protector on my phone. It is amazing.  thanks.
 I purchased this 2-pack screen protector in March of 2017 and put one on my phone as soon as I received it, and put the other on my son’s phone. I’ve dropped my phone more times than I can count between then and now, and, as you can see, this protector absorbed all the hits. There is not one fracture in my screen, but it was time to replace the protector, so I just purchased these again. Great price and effective. Side note: I paired the screen protector with a TORRAS liquid silicone shockproof case, I think these two products work together marvelously to keep my phone safe!
 This purchase amazed me in a couple of ways. First of all, it was packaged  beautifully, as if it contained  à couple of jewels. There were excellent instructions and  everything was included to make sure that  installation was done correctly. Bravo for all the thought that went into this product. I Will certainly use them again!
 I managed to break my phone, and the screen protector broke too unfortunately (though it persisted for quite a while, I drop my phone at least once a day). The quality is great. I forgot to register my warranty within 45 days of purchase, but the customer service was amazing. They worked with me to solve my issue, (the second protector in the pack had a small adhesive problem on the edge, and the company kindly agreed to send me a replacement). I'd definitely recommend this, it's protective enough, and it's very clear.
 I've had this on my phone for awhile now and other then a couple little bubbles from when I carelessly place it on the phone its held up quite nice. There are no noticeable scratches and its no more dirty or snugged then it would be without the Protector. All the Phones functions 3D touch etc work as they would without the cover and after a week or two you really don't even notice the cover is there.<br/><br/>Would definitely buy again.
 I have used this product before and loved it. Eventually, it got too scratched (I drop my phone a lot) so I needed to get a new one. When I peeled it off, my phone was in perfect shape and the glass didn't have a single scratch on it! I do recommend keeping a tough armor case on the rest of the phone though, as this only protects the glass. It can be a little tricky to put on, but the instructions are very clear and I have never noticed any issues with the touch screen (I don't have to press down extra hard or anything to make it work, like with say, an Otterbox.) I also love that the box comes with two incase you mess up putting it on at first or if you eventually need to replace it. Overall, I believe this is an excellent purchase at an excellent price.
 I purchased this 5 months ago for my iPhone 7 to use with my otter box. While camping, I dropped it face down on gravel. Thinking the worst, I picked it up only to realize the protector was shattered in the corner but didn't affect my phone at all (see pic). Already bought a new one to replace it. It literally saved my phone and is worth every penny!
 Screen Protector was very easy to put on especially if you followed the directions. One of the easiest so far and I have had every iPhone on the market. I purchased 2 sets, one for me and one for the hubby. He likes his also. You guys have gained a very satisfied customer. Keep up the good work!
 This was the easiest screen protector I have ever put on an Iphone. I could never get the thin sheets of plastic to go on without bubbles. But this glass was so easy. Just be sure to follow instructions. Install under a strong close light, so you can see any lint. They even give you lint tape to finish cleaning the screen. The glass seems stelthy and strong. I combo'd with the Crave case and boy my new Iphone 6S is looking clean and sharp! RJUnleashed@youtube
 Wow! I am so impressed with these screen protectors. They were super easy to apply, and you can't beat the price. Love it!<br/><br/>EDIT: I've had this product for a few months now, and it's still working just as well as it did when I first applied it! I would recommend these to ANYONE. I've dropped my phone face down on brick, concrete, hardwood, and it's still looking as good as new. I will NEVER buy another overpriced screen protector again. These are the best!
 I’m not one to leave reviews very often. This time, though, I felt compelled to do so. I just received a brand new corporate iPhone from my new employer. I’ve only had it for two days, and today it was dropped and landed screen down flat on the concrete.  I just knew that the phone was done for. When I picked it up, the screen was drastically cracked in multiple places and the phone had shut it self off and had to be manually restarted.  To my amazement, I removed the screen protector when I got home and found a completely untouched phone screen with a shattered screen protector. I am completely sold on this product from here forward!
 This the third or fourth time I’ve purchased this product.  Instructions are clear and easy to follow, installation is straight forward.  Although we have had to replace screen protectors a number of times, the product has done its job and we never had a cracked screen while using it.  I recently dropped my phone face down on pavement - there were several chips on the surface and I was afraid I had done serious damage to the phone. When I pried off the screen protector to replace, the surface of the phone’s glass was perfect!  I will continue to purchase this for my phones.
 I bought this protector about a year ago and forgot I even had it on my phone. Then last week I dropped my phone on the sidewalk and was really disappointed to see a crack in the screen. I peeled off the screen protector and my actual phone was TOTALLY fine! I was shocked. I ordered another protector immediately! I got 2 more for my husband and sister!
 We both have iPhone 6s and have learned that a screen protector is must.  I just installed both protected covers and the installation was simple, quick and the instructions are excellent.  Product seems high quality but time always tells.  That said, the price for two is incredible.  Strongly recommend.
 This is quality. It is basically a kit that comes with clear instructions, wet cleaning cloths, drying cloths, a flat applicator tool, and of course, the film. Very easy to apply using the attached tabs. We ordered the 8 and 8 plus protectors. Great product! I would definitely recommend this product.
 Very happy with this screen protector.  I've had it on my iPhone 7 for a couple of months and it is much better than the flimsy plastic screen protectors.  It's very easy to put on and stays clear.  I just realized there was a big crack in it, so I removed it and the screen on my phone was in perfect condution.  I don't remember when it hapenend but I drop my phone a lot so I wasn't really surprised.  I'm including a picture so you can see how it cracked.  Grateful I had it on there to protect my phone.  I put the second one included in the pack and I'm good to go!
 Great protective glass. Excellent instructions, good quality glass, and an excellent price! I had one of those expensive glass protectors on my last phone, and it cost me about $40.00 at the phone store. It came with a "free replacement" warranty, but the shipping charge was about $7.00. That is the last one of those. Just pay the $7.00 for two of these and don't worry about the warranty. Just buy another package of them. You will be dollars ahead.
 This glass screen protector is nice and easy to install with the plastic tabs that overhang the top and bottom in order for proper placement. I received an email saying that this was intentionally narrow and doesn't cover the whole screen, which initially worried me, but when I received the screen protector I found that it in fact did cover all of the actual screen LCD screen, just not all of the front glass. If you want to use a case on your phone then this is ideal anyway.
 Received the protector this week and was very pleased with the quality.  My old one had chipped around the edges (yes I do occasionally drop my device) and this was great.  easy to apply and looks like it is doing a great job (yes I have dropped my device since replacing my cover).  Don't judge :-)  Would recommend if you are looking.
 While it should work as intended, it is not the most pleasing for those with OCD.  The edges just do not sit on the glass as well as the main sections.  This is my second of 2 attempts (best of the attempts).  Got less of the halo effect, but still noticeable is the right light.  I know this is a common problem so best of luck to you.
 Only had it for two days but I love this screen protector. Very easy to apply and no bubbles. Anyone could do it! My one and only "complaint" is that the protector is very narrow so you must place it perfectly on the phone or it will not cover the entire glass screen. This leaves the edges of the protector to look "rainbow" when the light of the phone comes through. This is not a big deal for me, but my only reason for not giving 5 stars.
 I really like tabs they add to the glass covering -- makes it really easy to accurately place the glass onto the phone without having to touch the surface.<br/><br/>I could be happier with the anti-fingerprint coating. I've had other screens which were much more effective in keeping fingerprints at bay.
 Overall worth the price. Easy to install and matches quality of the $40 Apple store product.<br/>Two phones in our house have this. No chips or cracks so far (.m3 months). Scratch resistant, none so far. Smudges as much as any others.<br/>I will buy again.
 I bought one of these for my previous phone that stayed on for 3 years.  At the end, It was chipped around the edges and had scratches everywhere.  When I finally traded in the phone, I took the glass off and the screen was in mint condition.  Without it, I wouldn’t have gotten nearly as much money back for my phone.  Well worth seven dollars.
 I use these incessantly. I’m really clumsy and these screen protectors have kept my phone in pristine condition since I bought it. I’ve had my phone for a year and I’m on my third screen protector. One I replaced because I put it on wrong and it was driving me crazy being all crooked so I’ve only had two actually break and both were small breaks on the edges not even bad. I don’t risk it though. I always buy a new pack the second I put a replacement on so that I already have a spare available in the event my butterfingers kick in. Plus, my roomie has a 6s so we can split a two pack and save money.
 I purchased the Techmatte sceeen protector glass 2-pack that was recommended to go with my purchase of the Caseology case for my iPhone 6. The instructions were easy to follow. I did have air bubbles, but with some effort I was able to get them out. I believe the screen protector will protect my screen so I can continue to access my iPhone without the bulk. Unfortunately, I went a little to my left when putting the screen protector on, so It very slightly left part of my screen out. About the width of your fingernail. The experience with both products has been pleasant and seems to actually do what the manufacturer promised. Previous reviews helped me, so I wanted to be able to do the same.
 I dropped my phone on a rocky trail while out walking.  I was upset when I picked it up and thought I had destroyed the screen.  Upon closer inspection, I was relieved that it was only the screen protector that had cracked.  After peeling it off, the phone screen was still in perfect condition underneath.  I'm sure the impact would have cracked the screen had it not been for the protector.  I  just ordered a replacement and 2 more for my wife's and son's phones.<br/><br/>I was careful to clean the screen well and avoid dust before applying, so I had no trouble getting it to adhere without any air bubbles.  It held up on my phone with no issues for over 4 months until I cracked it.
 Item is exactly what I expected and more. The screen is durable and is exactly what I wanted. No hassle, no fuss solution. The way it adheres to the screen is like magic. No wet messes to deal with. No bubbles. I've dealt with screens like this in the past and I have loved all of them. The screen doesn't fit exactly to the 6s because of how the iPhone 6s curves, which I expected. I am very happy with this product. Just make sure no dust is on your screen before putting it on and your golden. Couldn't ask for a better product.
 This product has saved my phone on more than one occasion.  I have used it with various cases and have never had a problem either. When I have had a phone/drop mishap, the film protector has cracked but never the screen (which means it did its job)!  I love that 2 come in a pack in case you make a mistake sticking it on or need to replace the protector.  The instructions are simple and easy.  I have never had an issue with bubbles or dust. Given the price of this reliable product and ease of applying it versus the cost of a new iPhone screen (and the inconvenience)  -- it's a no brainer.
 I liked this screen protector a lot better than the last ones I have ordered because it was easier to put on without having air bubbles. If you just follow the instructions on the white paper it brings, you should be able to easily place the screen protector on the phone without any air bubbles. (Also just a side note: I have tried using the online instructions that it says to use and it's 10 times harder/didn't work the first time, so I would suggest the normal instructions that it comes with) the only "negative" thing I can say is that it did chip within a day, it's very small to the point where I guess I am okay with it, and I do understand its tempered glass so that may happen, but I am not a person that usually drops my phone or anything, this actually happened bc I think it rubbed against my debit card or keys. So I would say just be careful what you put next to your phone! Because the tempered glass can chip a bit easier just in general even if you do not drop it. I like that it came with two though, just in case you do mess up the first time, and i will prob be checking out the 12 month warranty for my small chip. Overall my phone feels protected and I would obviously rather have a small chip then an actual chip on my phone.
 For a $7 for a screen protector, it isn't too bad. I had to trash the first one I put on because the sheet with the tabs, that help you to put it on your phone, came off and the protector got hair on it and wouldn't go on evenly. The second one went on but the outer sides won't attach fully. It's okay for now, but I will more than likely be getting a new one here soon since this one already has bubbles on both sides.
 These screen protectors are great! I’ve been using them for about a year now, and I’ve only had to replace them once! I got the iPhone seven a little over a year ago, and decided to buy these screen protectors because they’re cheap, but they’re also great quality! The first one I put on lasted until just a few weeks ago! It didn’t break when I dropped my phone countless times in the past year! The original one I had on broke a few weeks ago when I tripped and smashed my phone into the pavement of my driveway, and my phone screen didn’t break! Just the tempered glass screen protector!! I would recommend these to anyone looking for a cheap, high quality tempered glass screen protector for their phone. They work great!
 I use this in conjunction with a slimline case with my iPhone 6. Has absorbed shock of several falls nicely though none have been particularly drastic (most are small distance falls onto soft-ish surfaces, carpet, etc). Recently I dropped the phone down the stairs and it cracked but my phone screen didn't! There was a second protector included so now I just get to replace it without ordering another! Great product.
 I love this product - I've ordered multiple over the year because of how practical and easy they are to use. I love that they come in multiples so that if one of them cracks, I can easily replace it. It has kept my actual phone screen crack-free for a very long time. Once it cracks once, it is very susceptible to cracking again but that's almost a given. For the most part, it takes a lot for it to crack on the first time though and it really protects your screen.
 my other screen protector cracked from dropping my phone; believe or not, it's the first time that has ever happened to me!  in any case, first time on my own replacing it.  it was easier than I thought and it looks great!  No bubbles!
 Bought this for my new apple phone it’s the best quality screen protector I’ve bought. It comes with all the tools you need to properly clean your phone before applying. The quality is awesome. I dropped my phone two days after I put the protector on and the protector took all the damages and my phone was perfectly fine! I will be buying again for my next phone!
 Excellent product. Went on easily.  I had a bubble I had a little trouble with at first. I got most of it out and then was going to give up on it, but then the next day the bubble had gone away on its own.<br/>The protector feels great when you use your phone. So many of the protectors I used felt weird and I would eventually take it off. The edges are a little off of the side because of the curve of the glass, but I don't notice it at all since I have a case on my iPhone.<br/><br/>Update: I’ve since purchased two more sets after drops or bumps cracked the protectors; but never have I had the first bit of damage to any of our family’s iPhone screens while this protector is used! Still the best screen protector for iPhones in my opinion. Easy to install, look great, work great, and feel great.<br/><br/>Buy these, you can’t go wrong.
 I have used many cases and screen protectors, not pleased with all of them. This one fits perfect and with the warranty please do yourself a favor and get some! This exact screen protector cracked (I dropped my I-Phone 7) but the screen was undamaged. I always try to have a set of these around in case I need it again. Great Product.
 I got this to replace the more expensive version I got at Verizon when I got the phone. Great product. It installed easy and last through multiple clumsy drops before needing replaced. I have a Note 9 and this is worth the price.
 this is the best screen protector I have every bought (10s).  The feeling of tempered glass is far better than the plastic.  And the screen protector comes with extra plastic handle attached, which I can use them to hold and precisly apply the protector on phone's screen.  That let me put apply the protector in 10s, bubble free.  Next time, I would use some tape if other screen protector does not come with the plastic handle
 I purchased the screen savers for my i-phone 2 for $5.99.  I doubted that it would be as good as the one I purchased with my phone for 5x the amount  (1 for $29.99).  BUT it was much easier to put on my phone and not get bubbles and the clarity of the screen saver make it look like there isnt anything on the phone. I put the second one on my husbands phone and it looks brand new.  I will definitely buy the amFilm Glass when I need another one.
 A plus screen protector, everything lined up with my iPhone with no issues. the sides are a little exposed so it's not going to protect your bezels but the visible parts of your screen is all under protection. Not that i'm particularly interested in testing it out.
 I went through both screens while attempting to put get my screen protected. I know how to apply screen protectors as I’ve done it many many times for my iPhones in the past but both of these I received simple seem to have no adhesive on the edges. My first attempt I thought maybe it was me but the second attempt i had the same issue. Both top, near upper sides and low, by iPhone 8 button, do not stick at all. I was externally careful with each application and it just didn’t matter. Pretty disappointed.
 Got these for my daughter's iPhone 6s.  I wasn't home when the showed up so she (13yrs old) installed the protector.  She followed the great directions and did a perfect job.  I checked it out and it's a great product.  I am really glad it was a 2 pack as now she has a spare Incase she needs it .  The fit is great and per the description it is just shy of the edge and contoured.  I am looking forward to seeing how it holds up!
 Screen protector is overall very good! The packaging was nice, and the fact it comes with two is awesome! The application instructions were easy to follow and the product is exactly as described. Only four stars due to the fact that the screen protector chips along the edges fairly soon after applying, but better the protector than my phone! Has withstood several drops. Company honors life time warranty! I've recommended it to several friends.
 SECOND TIME BUYING: This screen protector has saved my screen from cracking twice and so I’ve made another purchase for more! Amazing product! Very protective and doesn’t take away from the touch screen sensitivity. I’ve dropped my phone before and THIS case shattered, keeping my actual phone screen safe. Was able to easily switch it out for the second screen it came with. Protects way more than just scratches it saves your screen. I’m also a complete spaz and no matter what get air bubbles with any other screen protector I used except this one, always goes on smooth!
 Went on very easy and works great.  I just bought a new slim case for my new IPhone8 and it has virtually no lip so felt I needed a screen protector which I don't normally use.  My daughter has used this before and has dropped her phone multiple times without any damage to the phone itself.  Great protection for a small price.
 This screen protector cracked within a week of putting it on. I now have a cracked screen and I never dropped my phone once.
 This product seems as good as the one I bought from my cell phone company. This screen protector was about 75% less than they charged for 1 glass. It is easy to replace the old one, the instructions with it cover everything you need to know about installing the new protector.
 This screen protector fit my iPhone 7 perfectly.  It came with good instructions and all the materials I needed to properly clean the screen and apply the protector.  It was easy and I'm very happy with the results.  I don't usually drop my phone, but this one is so thin and light, I was worried it can slip out of my pocket or I could bend it!  So far, none of those things have happened, but I'm glad I took the step to protect the screen.
 It doesn’t fully cover the screen. There’s a bit of a gap to the edge. I know it says inside the package that this is the case due to the curved screen; but it is a rather large gap that JUUUUST barely covers the active screen area. Get it even slightly skewed and it will have a part of the active screen not covered, causing your finger to go over the edge all the time.<br/><br/>However, that’s the only negative. This screen protector feels just like the glass screen of the iPhone. And it is crystal clear.
 First time I used a glass protector. First of all, applying the protector was very straightforward. Instructions made it hard to mess up. Doesn't feel any different using my phone with the protector on unlike plastic protectors.
 Fabulous, WOW!  Everything needed for a perfect application of 2 protectors is included (wet &amp; dry wipes, etc ).<br/>"Dry fitting" before exposing the incredible adhesive layer was easy.... when set into place, it literally "applied itself"!!  It was amazing.<br/>I'd never use a different brand, REALLY!😃
 Easy to apply,  has protected screen of cell....I have small crack on screen protector but not on my Cell itself....It did protect the important Cell Screen....good product and since there where two in package my husband cell got protected also...will order again when needed.
 Installation was very easy. At first I thought screen was too thick, and I couldn't do the "flip-up" from the home button (so you can see your flashlight, wifi, airplane mode). However I dropped my phone in concrete and the screen cracked but thank goodness my phone is fine! so yes i'd say this product worked as required, and I also have a second glass screen which I will install soon.
 I loved my iPhone X screen protectors, which came with an application frame that really helped get the screen on correctly. Though I was able to put these on fine, the first one got a piece of dust underneath as I jiggered it back and forth, which meant I had to use the other one. Also the edges didn't seem to stick down all the way without a lot of prodding.
 This is my first time ordering tempered glass and I can definitely say these are fantastic. The protector seemed very strong yet has no effect on the screen sensitivity. It's completely transparent and even comes with a cutout for the home button. My only issue is that bubbles are still possible, but at a much lesser degree and are much easier to remove especially with the the cleaning kit included in the packaging. Glad I paid a little more for the glass instead of boring old plastic. It's well worth it.
 I continue to reorder these because they seem to do a good job. They are priced well, so when they get a little beat up, I can replace w/no guilt. Have had them crack after a drop, but there’s been no damage to the phone itself. I attached a photo of the one I just replaced. Phone screen was A okay.
 I have installed screen protectors before, and I'm fairly good at it. I almost never get dust between the protector and the phone screen. I followed instructions perfectly, and on both installs (2-pack), both had several specks of dust between the protector and the screen. This is because there was dust already on the adhesive from the manufacturing process. Perhaps I got unlucky, but I won't be buying this brand again. There are better out there.
 This is actually my second time ordering this since my first order I ended up using up the two that was in the package. That's right my phone falls a lot. Mommy of two. And thank goodness to this screen protector it has protected my screen. The screen protector broke but when removing the glass my actual glass was safe and sound. Will buy again and I recommend it.
 Easy to install.  Read the directions completely as I saw afterwards that applying in a steamy room makes for a better application.  I had a small bubble  when I first applied the protector that I thought was going to be there permanently, but after 24 hours, it worked it’s way out.  Then screen is just as sensitive as it was without the protector - just what you would hope for.
 I purchased these screen protectors for my iPhone 6 in December 2016. Just a few days ago I accidentally dropped (tossed, really) my phone in the street and it landed screen-side down. There was quite a bit of gravel so the screen protector cracked in a few places, but the phone was completely fine.<br/>These screen protectors also come with a lifetime warranty, so I contacted customer service and they sent me a replacement! (To be clear, this warranty is only for the original purchase, not for subsequent replacements).<br/>I highly recommend this screen protector and this company.
 Mu favorite screen covers. cheap, don't break easily, and stick all the way to the corners without lifting up. If it lifts up on the edges when installing it, just rub the corners and sides with a lot of pressure. One time I even used a hair dryer.  98% of the time it sticks with out having to do anything though.
 Have dropped my phone lots of times... Oops. After a few times the screen protector did crack on a particularly rough fall, but my actual iphone screen was fine! No scratches or cracks have gotten through the case. I would recommend, everyone should have a tempered glass screen protector!
 So far I've dropped my phone once on tile floor and the screen protector held off. I was sitting on a chair so it was not far from the ground, but I'm happy I still have a screen.<br/>Otherwise the material looks of good quality, thick glass, no bubbles after application. Really easy insructions, and no problems with navigating on the phone, it's like it's not even there. The company stands behind their product. They even sent me an email with a video on how to properly apply screen and to inform me of their satisfaction guarantee warranty if I decide I don't like the product. I love the fact it comes with two screens, I used one for me and one for my son for basically $4 (vs paying $100 for broken screen).
 I have not ordered this brand before but have used these type of screen protectors before, they work great and I have yet to crack my actual phone screen (knock on wood). The reason I gave it a 4 star rating instead of 5 is simply because ever since I put it on I have had a lot of problems pulling down my Notification screen. I'm not sure if this is the protector or if it is just my phone acting up. All else aside it seems to be a great screen protector so far!
 Decent product but had an issue with it not adhering to the edge of the screen. The company by no request from me sent me a replacement right away. Can’t beat anyone who stands behind their products. Would not hesitate to buy again. Replacement appears be much better.
 Just got a new IPhone 7 and wanted to protect the screen from day 1.  My brother recommended Techmatte so I ordered it from Amazon. Got it fast and the price was great.  Followed the instructions in the box and watched the video. I did not use a steamy room and I still got no dust bubbles. Very easy to clean and install. The fit is right on. I just ordered and other one for my iPad mini4.
 I really like this product and it is much nicer than I expected for this reasonable price.  Includes everything you need to do a very nice job of cleaning before installing and then the product is very easy to install and didn't have all of the air-bubble and such that you get with a lot of them.  If I ever need more, I will buy these again and would recommend.
 Went on easy, and was the smoothest screen protector I've ever felt.<br/><br/>Inclusion of a wet cleaning cloth and dry cleaning cloth made it super easy to clean my phone.  The protector has two tabs on either end when applying it, so it lets you lower it into position easily.  When it finally made contact, it was perfectly aligned and went on miraculously with no bubbles.  I used the included scraping tool to make sure it was firmly adhered to the surface.  Looks perfect (no bubbles) and feels great.  Would buy again.
 Don’t waste your money. This screen protector does not even cover the lcd screen fully, its short on the sides. I understand the rounded corners on the iphone 8 do not allow the screen to be fully protected but this screen protector is 1/4 inch short on the top and bottom and as mentioned before the sides are so short that the screen that lights up is not even covered fully so look elsewhere for a better product.
 I don't normally write reviews but I wanted to make an exception for these phone screen protectors.  A few weeks ago I paid almost $15 for ONE protector at Walmart and the first time I dropped it practically the whole thing shattered.  So I read some reviews and ordered this two pack and I will never buy another brand again.  They go one super easy, and they hold up! I'm super clumsy, just this morning I dropped my phone five times and each time I picked it up my screen protector was still perfect.  Do your phone and your wallet a favor and order this product.
 Feels very natural and there is no problem with the force touch functionality or touch screen. I did have a really hard time getting it on, there is zero room for error when trying to center it. In order to not cover the front camera I had to offset it slightly- It needs to be just a smudge wider to cover the screen. It also bugs me that there is space between the cover and the case, but that's because the screen itself is curved, so that will be a problem no matter what screen protector is used.<br/><br/>All that being said, I have already accidentally dropped my phone and there was no damage to either the screen protector or the screen itself.
 It took 6 days to come in, so I was really happy it wasn't that long of a wait. Not much to say other than it does its job like it's supposed to. It's fairly priced and works, so I'm happy with the end results.<br/><br/>I've had on my first glass screen case for around 3 months and it hasn't lifted up once yet. Its become a little dirty around the edges/corners of the screen, but nothing drastic to the point of me having to take it off yet. I think it will be a while before I have to switch to the 2nd screen protector.<br/><br/>Also, I love that they provide wipers, instructions and etc for us to easily do it by ourselves. If you want it to go on just perfect, you might need to take a little more time, but it's still super quick and easy to do on your own.
 Excellent product. Comes in sets of two, very well packaged, with wipes and installation instructions. Easy to install.  It saved my phone when I recently dropped it by accident and it fell flat face down. The protective glass cracked but the phone screen was thankfully spared. I just had to replace with a spare protector. I am definitely buying more, as we have protectors installed on our all our iphones in the family.
 There are two screens in the package. One has oil spots on the sticky side that can not be cleaned. One screen is thrown away. The other screen was OK. Need to buy two packages in order to get two useable screen protectors.
 I’ve only had this product for a day, but so far sooooo good. It was easy to apply, thanks to the helpful video. My screen looks so good, I really don’t notice it. Most importantly, this is the first product where my screen stayed responsive to my using either my finger or a stylus.
 It’s like the ones that you buy for a lot more at the phone retail stores . Haven’t dropped my phone since I’ve gotten the protectors a week ago, so I can’t give a review on whether it protects the screen at this time. However when it does happen , i wi be writing a review about that . I satisfied with the material and quality of the protector . Only thing is it doesn’t cover the edges of the screen need to be a little more wider.
 These are awesome. They are thick, and at first I was thinking "there is no way that they will be able to sense touch being this thick," but they work great! Slid right on my iPhone 6s, and had a total of two small air bubbles which I smoothed out immediately. By far the best and easiest install of a screen protector I have ever installed in all my years of installing screen protectors!
 So I could go on and on about how great this screen protector is but I think all i need to say is.. 'my wife looked at my screen after i installed it and said,, hmmm prettty good job"<br/>Nuff said.<br/>Very good product
 Fit is good but not great, seems like it could be a bit bigger for the iPhone 7. I was very surprised on how smooth the surface is compared to other screen protectors in the past. The big complaint is it's been on about 2 weeks and the bottom left area appears to have a hairline crack starting at the bottom which is walking up. Phone is in a otter box commuter case and never dropped. Good thing there is 2 so as of now 4 star due to fit but we'll see if quality is not up to par.
 I’m really happy with this product. I was expecting the screen protector per the item shown but it came with cleaning wipes, two screens, a square to push the bubbles out, etc. I was happily surprised with everything in the box.
 I purchased a new iPhone 7 and decided that I needed Protector Glass for it.  I have had iPhones for years but never purchased the protector glass before.  I was skeptical about my abilities to put it on without bubbles but when I received the product, I thoroughly read the instructions laying out all the items needed (and provided) to apply the glass.  It went off without a hitch!!  It is perfect and looks like it was installed at the AT&amp;T store.  I definitely would buy this product again.  It does come with a second protector glass should you need it.
 I love how these screen protectors come with tools to make installation so easy. It drives me nuts when screen protectors are off center or have bubbles under it and the bands and stickers in the package make it so much easier to ensure that imperfections do not occur. Will only buy this brand of screen protectors from now on.
 Extremely high quality. From what I've experienced, these are essentially the exact same thing your carrier store tries to sell you for $35. My iPhone 7 is the first device I've bothered using a protective shield, as I've always been wary of inadequate touch screen response.  I was wrong.  I'm extremely happy with this purchase and will purchase again when the time comes.
 I was able to do my iPhone 8’s screen protector but for some reason on the black iPhone 8’s screen protector for my dad it would’t lay down on the edges for some reason?? It looks like they’re (screen protector) both the same size but the one with the black iPhone 8 did look slightly bigger than the one I used on mine, which is why I gave it 3 stars also it could probably bc of my human error, but I tried 2 screen protectors on my dad’s iPhone and it still would not stick to the edges.
 I purchased this screen protector for my daughter's new iPhone. The instructions were very clear and helpful and the screen protector installed easily with only very tiny bubbles that disappeared over the next couple of days. My daughter was very hesitant to try a glass screen protector but she is now glad we purchased this and we know it will help protect her screen tremendously. Thanks for a great product with easy instructions and an easy application!
 While this was super easy to install and works great, it didn't take long for it to crack. I think after two drops the protector was a goner. Thankfully there were two in this packaging so hopefully the second screen lasts longer than the first.
 The screen protector is easy to install and fits perfectly. Although it is durable, it seems to scratch very easily and I have a lot of light scratches on it from use. However, it is designed to protect my phone screen which it is doing a good job of.
 I ordered the 2 pack for our 2 iphones. one is a 7 and the other an 8. First time around only 1 of them stuck to one of the phones. they sent a replacement pack because and neither of the new ones would stick either. would not recommend because they dont stick. (I took my time and meticulously cleaned and removed all dust from the surfaces).<br/><br/>Edit:  I am updating my review because their customer service was so great. They sent me 2 replacement packages and I was able to get them installed successfully. They owned the faulty ones that I received and I am grateful for that.
 I bought screen protector because I wasn't happy with the built in  screen protector in my Otterbox case.  The Otterbox did a great job protecting my iPhone, but my iPhone didn't react the way it should when I tried to touch things on the screen.  The amFilm Tempered Glass Screen Protector was the perfect solution.  It went on my iPhone easily.  No bubbles!  My phone responds perfectly when I touch the screen.  Everything I needed to apply it was provided and directions were easy to follow.  I couldn't be happier
 This product is so annoying. I had bought it previously and had no issues so when I got a new phone I didn’t think twice about buying it. However, BOTH of the screen protectors had dust on the adhesive side which I can assure 1000% was not my fault. It came like that. I followed all the directions and even did it after a hot shower like they suggested because of the steam. IT CAME WITH DUST ALREADY ON THE ADHESIVE SIDE. There’s no way to get it off. I’m extremely annoyed. I even tried the second screen protector in the pack and had the same issue.
 It is a sleek, minimalist design that will weigh almost nothing but at the cost of protection. Protection wasn't what I was looking for when I bought this product. The case is a bit tricky to get off once it is on firmly.
 This has been by far the easiest screen installation i have ever done, the extra handles to line up the screen with phone phones cut out is a no-brainer . i am very happy with the value and the engineering of this product. i would definitely buy it again!
 I just bought one of these for myself and so far it’s been great! I used the second screen protector to replace my boyfriend’s, the same kind, but he’d had his on his phone for a year. It had cracked but protected his phone so his actual screen was perfect! Love these, will recommend. Also, this company’s customer  support got back to me within two hours of me contacting them with a problem registering the protectors. All around great buy.
 I got it in the mail on time and put it on immediately. To my surprise (blame not paying attention), the box came with two protectors! I thought it was a great feature because, even though the sellers may not get as many sales giving two instead of one, it comes off as a great deal for the consumers, and if the performance of the screen protector as of now is indicative of the long-term quality of the products, they can get a lot of returning customers for other products; I know I’ll definitely keep TechMatte in mind when I need protectors in the future.
 If I could give more than 5 stars, I would do so. This is the first time I've installed one of these things with no bubbles at all. Last week I installed one from a different manufacturer on another iPhone and it's still not right. So I welcome the success. Also, the quality of the look and feel is outstanding. The edges are nicely rounded to give the screen protector more of a finished look, again in contrast the screen protector on the other phone.
 Doesn’t the entire face buuuuuttttt went on so perfect and I have never been good putting these things on. But no bubbles easy dummy instructions to help anyone understand. Very happy with my purchase.. mommy of two hassle free product hands down. Thank you
 i properly followed all directions to installing this screen protector and it seemed to do me well for some time. but after one candle fell on my phone, my entire phone screen shattered without a single crack on the screen protector. isn't the protector supposed to take the hit? really not happy with this product as it provided me false notions of protection and my once beautiful iphone 7 is smashed and non-operable as a result. would not recommend.
 Recently installed the amFilm glass screen protector on my new Iphone 7.  Instructions were straightforward and easy to follow...only tense part was lining up the protector accurately before dropping it carefully onto the phone screen.  The protector adhered quickly and firmly leaving no bubbles at all.  There's no loss in screen sensitivity as phone operates just as it did before application.  So far I'm very happy with this screen protector.  Plus I still have a spare in reserve should the first one become damaged at some point.
 Dropped my iPhone 7, the screen protector cracked a little, but the screen was saved. The package is complete with instructions and tools for placing the screen protector, but you have to place it on the right position at the screen yourself, but that’s not difficult. Also, you get 2 screen protectors. I recommend this product.
 I have been using tempered glass screen protectors for the last few years and this is by far the worst one. I was not happy at first because it left sharp edges around my home button. Then my phone fell about 18in and my screen cracked, but not the screen protector. I have had my share of dropped phones and I have never had a cracked screen before. The product information said that it protects against drops and scratches. I contacted the company and they said that it doesn’t protect against all of them and refunded my money. This wasn’t a major drop or anything, so my screen should have been protected.
 So heres the deal, this is a great product that if it is dropped on the tempered glass, which covers 95% of the screen it will do its job and protect your screen from getting destroyed. Sadly I dropped my phone and it landed on the portion that the glass did not cover causing a crack in the main screen of the iPhone. But these are still great products that take the initial force of any impact as well still having the great feeling of glass as a screen.<br/>Pros:<br/>- Thin but sturdy glass<br/>- Scratch resistant<br/>- Incredibly clear<br/>Cons:<br/>- Does not cover 100% of the screen<br/>  (which almost all covers I have seen do not so this with a case would be the best combo)
 I've lost count of how many of these darn things I've ordered. Nothing wrong with any of them. I just keep dropping my phone they are easy to apply and look and work great. Even though I'll get a  new iPhone in September, when the last one fell and cracked the screen, I missed the clean look so i bought another. It will be the first thing I order after I order my phone.
 Hope this protector lasts better than the original Zagg that I had purchased ($40) for my new iPhone. Just put the new Glass Protector on my iPhone...very few bubbles, easy to apply. Looks great and the price was excellent, too.  Seems very durable. I'm impressed with the quality.
 This protector was a bit of a let down. I bought this after breaking one (different brand) that had been on my phone for 6 months or so. This one broke within 2 weeks. I was out of town and had my phone in my cross body. We were out doing touristy things (shopping and riding go karts) and when I went to check my phone I noticed the screen protector was done for. Not just cracked, but shattered. The only explanation I could think of was maybe it was pushed against my gun (legally concealed). That doesn't seem viable considering my gun stays in a soft holster while in my purse and there was plenty of room. I ended up having to find a new screen protector that night.
 I found this to really help keep your screen really clean &amp; it does an excellent job of brightening up your pictures! The only trouble I had was that I wasted the first one trying to put it on correctly. They need better instructions.
 These are my favorite screen protectors! I’ve purchased these for mine and my kids phones 3 times over the last 3 years. I’ve dropped my phone innumerable times and I’ve minorly cracked my screen protector 2 times in the last 3 years. More important, my phone screen  was saved! The only reason my kids have replaced there’s is because they got new phones. Installation is super slick too!
 I used this screen protector before, and it held up for about 6 months until I realized it was starting to crack and I ended up buying a replacement pack. I think you can register the screen protector somewhere for warranty, but I didn't find it to be worth that. These aren't $30 screen protectors--there are 2 in a pack, and for the price you pay, they really get the job done. No complaints. Simple, easy instructions on how to apply them to your phone and extra accessories that help you minimize air bubbles underneath the screen protector when applying. Definitely recommend.
 I was very pleased with this product...until I dropped my phone. Screen protector went on well and stuck well. Unfortunately, the first time I really dropped my phone (on steps), it cracked, as did my actual screen behind the protector. Now I have to get my screen replaced. Next time I will go with a more expensive protector!
 Pretty good protector overall. In my humble opinion it's a little undersized. Maybe 2-3mm from where is could be for more protection.  Easy install if you do it in a steamy bathroom or a room with an exhaust fan to keep the dust bunnies at bay.
 I can't speak to how easy it is to place on your phone since I had someone else do that but i hear it was pretty straight forward if you follow the instructions. It's crystal clear and easy to clean. Still retained 100% touch screen sensitivity.  It doesn't cover the entire screen just the part that matters I guess.... apparently because of the iPhone 7s curved edges. I'm used to the plastic screen protectors on my old 5s phone so the new look takes some getting used to but worth it to protect the phone.  I tend to drop my phone frequently and have dropped it once since this installation. Happy to report there's no damage noted. All in all great buy :)<br/>Ps: The seller was awesome and sent an email with additional information as well  as helpful tips.
 Great screen protectors at a great price. I'm already on my second, as days after I applied the first one I managed to put a fair size scratch in the protector. Luckily it's a pack of two, so it was a quick replacement.<br/><br/>I found installation to be straightforward. There's sufficient screen cleaning paraphernalia included to ensure that every last speck of dust is removed before application, and I didn't have any air bubbles or other issues once the screen protector was in place.
 Absolutely LOVE this case. I forgot how little my phone actually is. With that being said, I did receive one broken screen protector, and the one I put on does not fit correctly. It does bubble in the corner and I do not have another one to see if it was just a "lemon" of a screen protector.<br/><br/>I don't think it was sent to me broke, but maybe just broke along the way. I do love this case though.
 I have purchased 5 of these. They have saved my screen several times. I thought my screen was cracked but when I went into the Apple store they pulled off the screen protector and my screen was fine. The Apple staff said that the screen protector was the best they have seen and absolutely saved my screen. I also purchased for my kids and husband. Very easy to put on. Highly recommend.
 This is my go-to screen protector for my iPhone. They usually last me several months unless I drop it face down on a hard surface, and even then it doesn't always crack. It's barely noticeable and costs a fraction of what it would cost to replace the glass screen.
 Our son dropped his phone 4 days after aplacing the screen protector on it. The protector shattered in the corner. As we pulled it off, the remainder of the protector shattered and tiny glass fragments flew. No big deal. It did however save the actual screen from cracking. Since there are 2 in this pack, we have another. Much cheaper than purchasing another phone.
 Very solid product. Feels like smooth glass underneath your fingers. Smoother than the screen itself.  It also strengthens the integrity of the phone itself. Not a lot of people realize that. Combine with product with a phone case and you've got a good combination. Keep in mind the protector adds a slight height to your phone, so when you get a phone case, consider one that is more "raised" on the edges. If you don't, and get a thin footprint case that is flush with the top rim of the phone (mine is an iPhone), if you drop the phone face down, the screen protector will get the brunt and will accumulate scratches. But, that's what the "screen protector" is for, right? Just over time keep in mind the protector can get scratched too.
 My screen got a little crack in it but right after I emailed the company with my receipt and a picture they contacted me back and replaced the screen. They want a chance to make it right before folks pop off with nasty reviews and that's commendable. My screen looks just fine now. It's easy to put on and the extra is nice if you have two of the same phone for work and home or something or want a backup.
 It was really easy to install, they include little cleaner wipes and a lint wipe for the screen so you won’t have bubbles or dust underneath. Plus it comes with two, which is awesome. I’ve had mine on for a few days now, I’ve dropped it already and it was fine. This is just as good as the $60 kind at the sprint store.
 I will continue to buy this product! I dropped my phone while hiking, it fell screen down to a sharp rock. The screen was shattered but when I pulled the screen protecter off realize my screen was fine. Saved me from spending a lot of money to fix my phone!
 Let me first say that I am quite impressed with the screen protector and customer service.  Without knowing I had ordered the wrong size for my iPhone 7plus.  I was not pleased because of the size and then when I realized I had ordered the incorrect size; the company provided me with the correct size without charge!  I was very pleased.  When I received the 7plus screen and began to glance over the instructions on how to place the screen on my iPhone the process was definitely dummy proof.  There is no way anyone can place the screen incorrectly!  The company ensures that the customer can place the screen on their phone with ease!  The screen is smooth and finger print proof!  With the product, ease of application, and customer service...I am more than pleased!!!  Definitely purchase!!
 It was very easy to install but wasn't really thrilled about the edges not having enough adhesive to actually stick to the screen. I thought it was a minor detail and moved on until I accidentally dropped my phone while getting out of my car. My screen shattered although it was only a 2 or 3-foot fall, at the most. I watched my phone as it fell and saw how it fell flat on it's back, which made me believe there would be little to no damage. WRONG. Wouldn't buy this again even if I get my screen repaired.
 After breaking yet another iPhone screen I finally had to relent and get a screen protector. There are tons of options out there but after reading reviews and seeing how much effort this company puts into theirs, I went with this product. The packaging with the two types of wipes, dust stickies and bubble remover really impressed me. The video with directions explained every little step perfect.  I was able to get it perfectly attached without any bubbles on the first try. Great job TechMatte
 I think I like it, just put it on my iPhone and it was easy to apply, great directions given. Time will tell if I remain pleased with it. I decided to get the glass protector this time, instead of the plastic film, because the plastic film protector gets severely smudged and is hard to clean. So far this glass protector appears to not smudge as badly and is easier to clean.
 Used to be a plastic screen protector fan but tried a glass one for my iPad and liked it so got this one for my iPhone 6.  The glass is much smoother than a plastic protector.  It is much thicker than a plastic one so the raised edge of the Spigen case no longer works; the glass protector is now in contact with the surface I set my phone on when placed face down.  Fairly easy to install; would recommend the "rubber band and tape hinge method" to position the glass protector.
 This glass screen protector is exactly what I was looking for!<br/><br/>I recently dropped my iphone onto a ceramic floor... and the glass broke from above, but not so terribly... so I didn't want to have it fixed. Instead I bought this glass screen protector. It's perfect! it shield the broken glass from my finger and it does not affect normal use (no delay or insensitivity whatsoever).<br/><br/>And it's very easy to install. The package gave you everything you need to install it perfectly.<br/><br/>Recommend this protector to everyone who is in the same situation as I was in!
 This is a very new product on my phone. My phone is working, and the only problem seems to be reading it in the daylight. The screen is black, I take off my sunglasses, that helps a little. Since I rarely use it outside it's a minor problem. Maybe soon you can make one that is glare proof. Thank you for your very useful product.
 While I was stepping out of my car, I dropped my phone screen down onto the concrete, then proceeded to step on it. There was a crack along the bottom of the screen.<br/><br/>About an hour later, while rock climbing, I fell a few feet down onto my butt onto a hard surface. My phone, in my back pocket, now had a second crack in it in the middle.<br/><br/>I peeled off this screen protector, and my screen was beautiful and undamaged.<br/><br/>I proceeded to order a new one. I’ve now placed it onto my phone, and am typing this review.<br/><br/>Very satisfied customer.
 Bought this screen protector for my iPhone. Product arrived quickly, was well packaged and contained everything needed to clean iPhone screen and to apply the screen protector. Both the enclosed written instructions and online video on installation were easy to follow. Quality of screen protector in my opinion is top notch. Also I have dropped my iPhone recently on two separate occasions and no damage occurred to my screen.  Not the same experience from 3 weeks prior when I dropped same iPhone with no screen protector, but ended up with a cracked screen. Overall a excellent product which has performed as expected, at a very reasonable price.
 The screen protector feels very durable but upon getting my order one of the screen protectors were already cracked and when I used the other one I kept getting so many air bubbles that couldn’t be removed even with the card in the package. I ended up trying to install it multiple times but with no luck. I’m returning the two
 I’m writing this review months later because my daughter dropped her phone and this screen protector cracked near her front camera and now she can’t see anything with the front camera.  It did not protect her phone!
 This screen protector fits my iphone 7 perfectly.  It was pretty easy to put on, you just have to be careful and take your time.  There were a few bubbles, but I was able to smooth those out in a couple of days.  It's clear, feels good to the touch and protects the phone.
 Overall decent screen protector.  The issue I have with it, and it’s not the first time, but the edges don’t want to adhere to the phone screen, no matter how hard I try to get it to stick.  It’s not enough to bother me, but it’s a repeated issue.  Overall the screen protector does its job.
 There were no bubbles AT ALL!. I followed the instructions that they send in with your screen protectors and never even had to use the plastic chip to push the bubbles out. The screen protector covers most of the phone but not all of it but I don't mind. It covers the important part the actual screen!!! There are handles on the screen protector so you literally do not have to touch it or get finger prints all on it at all during installation.
 This is pure greatness! And here's why: I have been trying to put these darn protective screens on iPhones for years, and have never been able to put one on without at least one air bubble. Check it out: In this little package is everything you need to avoid those pesky bubbles, along with easy instructions. There's a wet wipe, a dry wipe, even a little stiff card you use to get rid of any remnant stubborn air bubbles. I followed the easy directions and voilá--mission accomplished. Will never, ever buy anything other than this brand for screen protection. No, I do not work for this company nor have any affiliation with it. It's just rare nowadays that a product actually does what it's supposed to do, first time, right out of the gate--low bar, I guess, but that's how it seems to me.
 I bought the first pack 6 months ago when I got my new iPhone 6. In that period,  I must have dropped my phone a half dozen times, putting scratches and even cracking the protective screen in 2 spots. When it cracked in the second spot, I decided that it was time to replace it. Thank goodness I had it on right from the getgo. Otherwise, it would have been my phone's expensive tough screen that I'd be replacing, not the protective glass! It's thin and lightweight but definitely does the job very well. Easy to apply if you follow the directions.
 I have always kept a screen protector on my phones and this is the first time that the screen protector was scratched within days. The first time I dropped the phone, it cracked from top to bottom. Seriously unimpressed with the quality of this product. Unlike many other reviewers, it fit my iPhone 7 perfectly, just quickly failed.
 I love this product and feels and looks like my other screen protector by bodyguardz. I’ll do more review and update to see how long this can last like my other screen protector by bodyguardz. This came in last week sometime 1 Dec 2017.<br/><br/>Another review, it fell into the toilet bowl, my front screen was not wet! Love this product.
 Flawed product. Due to the curvature of the iPhone 7, this is tough install. Even if you are precise, the edge of the screen has a rainbow effect. It bothered me enough to take it. Also the edges on the top and bottom look like they don't adhere well enough for the black iPhone. This won't be an issue with a white phone face.
 This product does not cover the screen all the way to the edge of the phone, leaving part of your screen exposed. I dropped my phone once and the screen protector shattered in the corners and has several cracks spreading down it’s entire length. I am not impressed at all by the durability of this product. Will not purchase again.
 This is a fantastic screen protector. It arrived packaged safely in a rigid little TechMatte box. The YouTube video helped me “practice” before I attempted my own installation. I love the fact it retains fewer fingerprints than without it. Less smudges is a plus! So while you wait for your product, watch the YouTube video and you will be good to go when it arrives. Great instructions included in the box as well. Excellent product and customer service!
 While waiting for iPhone X, I decided to revive my iPhone 6 and part of it involved replacing the old tempered glass that had a minor bubble (installation issue). The amFilm glass fit perfectly and without fuss. No sight of any bubble either. Very good product. Getting a set of two was a plus as well, and the second glass is simply a spare.
 I ordered this product because I figured why not, and because it was cheaper than other options. I put one of them on my phone and didn’t expect it to last past the first drop (I tend to me a bit clumsy with my phone, and I have hard tile floor in my house). I was pleasantly surprised that after many drops on both hard floors and softer floors, it didn’t even crack once. I finally did break it though after dropping it on the concrete walkway of my college, and even then the screen protector didn’t break much, and my actual phone screen is still as good as ever. These screen protectors are so easy to put on your phone and the box comes with everything you need to apply them well. Definitely recommend to everyone.
 Bought this for my 9 y/o grandson to protect his new iPhone 6.  He is rough on phones.  So far good, I'll update in 6 months and let you know if any cracks.<br/>Btw I have one on my galaxy and over a year later no cracks and I've dropped it..
 Good screen protector. Didn't give it full 5 stars because there is a bit of an edge around the screen. However, they do explain this in the description. It doesn't really interfere with the screen, but it is noticeable. One screen came with a small scratch across the top corner. Nothing major, and I honestly would have left as is, but they have excellent customer service and followed up on my purchase with an email. I mentioned the crack and they responded same day that they would send a replacement within 24 hours. For the price, I highly recommend and would purchase again.
 So I don't review things a lot, but I had recently bought this cute case that didn't really do much for the screen, finally got sick of the bulky otter boxes and wanted something smaller, so I bought this as well and it was packaged amazingly in a thick box, comes with a cloth, wet and dry, to wipe down the screen and I applied the glass soo easily. It even has tabs so you can position it and reposition as needed and then you just pull them off.  And it's bubble proof! Very happy!
 We loved our screen protectors. The directions that come with them insure a perfect, dust free installation. Not only that but it makes our touch screen on our iPhones very touchy. Only have to barely touch screen.
 easy to install unlike the old ones which had loads of bubbles, you'll only get one or two small bubbles.<br/><br/>seems to give you much better contact with the screen than the old ones too.<br/><br/>definitely a big improvement and great idea if your family keeps dropping their phones.
 Bought these in December of 2017 when I got a new iPhone. I recently dropped my phone into “no mans land” in the car between the seat and console. I moved the seat back and hear a dreaded crunch. Luckily, it was only the protector that was cracked and the screen was in 100% perfect condition! I wish the picture showed how shattered the protector was. I have already reordered this product and will be a long time customer!
 Purchased a set for my iPad. Installation was great. The tabs make it so much easier. Figured I would order for my iPhone 8 - best install ever!!! The tabs make all the difference in the world. I have used several screen protectors over the years. These are the best especially for the price.
 I found the amFilm Tempered Glass Screen Protector was easy to put on my phone. I have not dropped my phone with my new screen protector but I am happy with my purchase and am sure that it will work to protect my phone whenever I happen to drop it.
 Literally the best screen protector I've ever had!! Comes with everything you need and includes two tempered glass protectors. I have bought this item once previously. While I had in on my phone, I fell and landed with all my body weight onto my phone and i shattered the screen protector. I removed the shattered glass and there wasn't a single scratch on my actual phone screen. I will never buy another screen protector again!!
 I purchased this screen protector glass to installed on my iPhone 6. The package arrived promptly and well wrapped. There are two screen protectors in a package so my daughter got one too. They are well made and have all that you'll need, including a cleaning pouch. I had a phone accessory salesperson put it on my phone and he said they were really good quality. They were cheaper than the ones he was selling. I am pleased with the results!
 I haven't dropped my phone with it yet. But I can say installation was easy, and I didn't have any problems with dust or bubbles. It fits my iPhone 7 but is not quite as wide as the phone so it just barely covers the screen area.  Not perfect, but good enough for me.
 Followed the instructions to a "T" and it still lifts on the sides of my iPhone 7.  They provide 2 screens, so I even removed the first, cleaned the screen like crazy, applied the new screen again and same thing.  It's definitely the result of the curve of the phone, but it's a huge eyesore and a pain in the a...
 First I would like to thank AMFILM as a company. I’ve used really crappy screen protectors in the past but then I found amfilm’s products. Every Tempered glass screen protector I have bought from them has held up very nicely and I use them for multiple devices including my Nintendo switch my iPhone 8 (as well as my phones in the past) and I am now about to order one for my iPad. The prices are phenomenal and the quality is unmatched. The screen protectors are extremely case friendly and I’ve never had an issue with them bubbling or peeling. AMFILM you guys rock. Keep up the amazing work!
 I recently purchased these screen protectors for the iPhone 8 and ordered two just in case I screwed up on the first couple of try’s.  That being said I placed the first one on PERFECTLY and all of the edges did not stick down to the phone so there was basically one big air bubble all the way around the edge.  To my frustration I tried the second one in the same box and same result.. opened the second box and guess what?  SAME THING.  0 for 3 and I’m not even going to try the 4th.
 great set! the screen protector was easy to apply (tabs on either end to hold on to while you place). Also, as a set of 2, it came with 2 wet and 2 dry wipes, a good set of dust stickers, a lens cloth, and a card to push out bubbles, and the package came in a durable firm, flat cardboard flat that seemed liked good design to prevent cracking/crushing during the delivery. I can not comment on durability yet,  since i just got this, but it was so easy to apply!! great!! and definitely will put on my re-buy list.
 Great product and well-made.  Use it on my iPhone 6.  Customer Service is beyond fantastic.  I messed up my first screen (2 screens to a pack) and contacted the company to see if it could be re-used.  They sent me a whole new pack.  You know this is a quality product and a customer-focused company, when this is how they treat their customers.  They value their customers!  Thank you for a great product and great customer service.
 High quality kit. Installed easily with no dust or other issues, but does not adhere to edges of iPhone 8. There is an 1/8th inch halo around 75% of the screen . So, it's doing its job to protect the screen, but is very obvious that it's there... If the seller/manufacturer can correct this issue for me, I would raise the rating.
 This screen protector is literally a life saver. I can't count how many times I have accidentally dropped my phone and have that overwhelming dread while picking it up thinking my screen is going to be shattered. I do a fair amount of active sports that involve my phone (biking, running, rock climbing, etc.) and without fail always seem to drop my phone. Luckily, I have never shattered my screen, and I attribute it to this screen protector. It is designed to protect most of the screen, but still allow for a case to comfortably fit on along the outside edge. The actual screen protector will shatter, absorbing most of the impact, leaving the actual iphone screen in tact. It's the difference between $10 and $300, which is a no brainer in my book...
 My 1st smart phone was gifted to me with an Amfilm screen protector and I’ve bought no other brand since then for my phone and iPad. I also keep them on hand for my family’s devices and would never gift a touch screen item without including one of these protectors  So easy to apply with no bubbles, extreme protection (dropped phone face down on gravel, shattered screen protector but absolutely no damage to my screen!), crystal clear view, minimal fingerprinting, and doesn’t change the touch response at all.<br/>I rarely write reviews but in this case I felt obligated to give kudos because this is such a great product that does everything it should and for a great price. Thank you!!
 Easy to install, great price, and it definitely kept my phone screen from breaking through multiple minor drops.  However, it broke the first time I dropped it on a hard surface, about 2 months after I put it on.  The previous protector lasted nearly a year through multiple drops, some more serious than the one that broke this protector.  I'll still buy again, as I'd rather buy 4 of these every year for the same price as one from the competition.
 Followed instructions to a T, couldn’t get rid of the Halo affect on my iPhone 8. Tried with both in the initial package, contacted AmFilm’s customer service (who were GREAT, which is why the review is getting 4 stars!) and they sent me replacements. Had the same issue with the replacements. Would not stick around the edges. Image/clarity in the middle of the screen is great so it would be perfect if everything adhered correctly, but I couldn’t stand the halo so it came off. Back into my old Otterbox my iPhone goes. I was trying to trim down the bulk with a slimmer case and a screen protector, but it didn’t quite work out.
 I am constantly dropping my phone! So this protective glass has saved me dozens of times. The last drop, though, was a really close call! Thank goodness only the amFilm tempered glass screen protector shattered and not my actual screen.<br/>Well worth the investment, AND they give you 2 just in case you mess up, which is hard to do since they also provide screen cleaners, dust collectors useful installation tools. And a one-time warranty replacement to boot for registering.<br/>Thanks amFilm!
 These go on cleanly, and easily. Zero issues. I just ended up taking it off because I prefer my life proof case. I’m a little more rough with my phone than average people and don’t trust this tempered glass. But, for what it is, it’s great quality and price. I would buy again if I change to a different style case.
 Worked perfectly.  I recently fell after trying to imitate Tony Hawk on my son's new skateboard (not a good idea) I landed directly on my phone and concrete.  The tempered glass cracked and took the majority of the impact and the phone came out undamaged.  Just put the second screen on and now getting ready to order another.  Excellent product!!!
 I'm used to ordering tempered glass screen protectors from elsewhere, so these were a pleasant surprise! Not only were they shipped promptly, but they came with everything necessary to apply the screen protector to my screen flawlessly. They had a wet and dry wipe, and stickers to make sure the screen is clear of any dirt and dust. I especially like the tabs on each side of the protector to help place the screen protector on the phone. I will definitely be ordering from them again when the day comes!
 I have mixed feelings about this screen protector. I guess it does its job well but for one thing, it doesn't cover the full face of the phone. My phone fell and the phone screen broke but this screen protector didn't break not sure if I should be impressed or sad.
 There is 2 in the package. The first one I put on was a user error and I didn't clean the screen well enough before application, which is obviously my fault. With that said, I threw the first one out and tried again. Second one has saved my screen a few times, but already has a small crack in the corner from a small drop. Hopefully this one holds up well!
 This is the first time I’ve send a screen protector on a phone. I was a bit nervous about putting it on. However, the video the maker provides plus the directions were easy to follow. So far, I am very happy with my purchase. The manufacturer’s follow up emails have been a plus, too.
 i'm still trying to figure out what the dust removal stickers are for. i didn't see that mentioned in the directions. i've already slid the phone in my pocket hundreds of times and the protector has stayed on like the one i bought for $35 for my last phone!
 Researched before buying. This is a great product. Easy to install. Fits perfectly my Otterbox case. Following the directions, the phone did have bubbles under the screen, but these were easily removed following the Youtube instructions. Bought a second set for my other phones.
 The other day I dropped my phone and picked it up with all sorts of cracks.  Came here to review what to do about my techmatte protector and read another review that said, the phone actually didn't crack - the protector took the hit...so I thought, well, let's find out.  Just peeled off the protector and sure enough - it cracked all over.  The phone - looks pristine and brand new.  Soooooo happy with this purchase - did exactly as advertised.  Wow!!!
 look, this is a good product and does what it advertises. But I'm gonna be honest, dollar tree stores carry glass screen protectors for all iPhone and android sizes and they're 1$ a piece, and they last FOREVER. so while this is good, I would recommend getting the ones from dollar tree and saving the extra bucks.
 It protects the screen pretty well. I bought these a while ago for the first time and they lasted over a year each.  After they got old I bought another brand and they lasted less than a month each.  So I bought these again.<br/>They arent as easily installed as other, though.
 Easy to adhere and protects my screen. The screen protector does sometimes scratch or crack but protects my phone (I’ve been using this brand for years). It comes with two so if it does scratch or when it’s time to replace the screen protector, I have a spare. Great price. Highly recommend.
 I’ve had this screen protector on an iPhone 6 for about three weeks and it’s so scratched up already that I will need to pull it off and replace it with a higher quality product. As a point of comparison, the last screen protector on this phone lasted about 2 years!! My use patterns of the phone did not change. Absolute waste of money!
 I have had several screen protectors the glass is the only way to go! This particular product is the best I've ever used especially applying/ installing the protector. The instructions are clear they supply the needed accessories and the tabs on the protector to help install are fantastic.  The product does remind you it is not a full coverage screen protector there is a slight space around the edge that is not covered. This is similar to my last one,  it did not have full edge coverage also which helps in putting it on and also doesn't interfere with any case that may be installed.<br/><br/> I guess the biggest reason I like this protector the others I have installed I have always followed the instructions and never been happy with the results lots of bubbles issues etc. this one was fantastic.<br/><br/> I can highly recommend this product.
 We have had many screen protectors but this is by far the best. We never had one with flaps on the two ends, which make it very easy to install.<br/>It comes in a sealed little box with a small package with instructions and includes 6 dust remover stickers, 2 wet and 2 dry wipes and a small card board. It's all very neatly packaged, very professional looking and exactly as described by the seller.
 The screen protector is very high quality, fit perfectly, and was very easy to install. The instructions were very clear, and I followed them very closely. I got as good an install as I could have gotten at the phone store at a fraction of the cost. Highly recommended.
 I tried another brand and had to return it because it created bubbles on my screen despite following the directions. I read the reviews on this one before deciding to purchase it. The item was just as described. The seller emailed me to provide tips for installation and a video. I followed all the directions and was surprised at how smooth and quickly it went on with basically no bubbles. There's a tiny bubble on one corner but it's not really noticible to some ok with it. I'm very pleased with the product. I have this combined with an Otterbox symmetry and I'm more at ease now knowing my product is protected :)
 Could not get all air bubbles out even though no dirt under film.<br/>Try as I might, I could not get all air bubbles out of this thing. I used the included squeeze card, I tried using a credit card, my finger nails and no luck. I used both included protectors and still no luck.<br/><br/>I have applied many screen protectors, this one sucks.
 Used to spend $30+ per tempered glass screen at the mall until I found out you can buy two for $8 on Amazon and apply the screens easily yourself. Love the tempered glass over any plastic protector and it works exactly as it's supposed to, taking all the damage and saving the screen. Nice and clear display. I drop my phone and break the tempered glass about once every 6 months so I always keep a 2-pack at home. Takes less than 3 minutes. After sticking the screen on your phone, I definitely recommend using a credit card or firm card to scrape out any remaining air before removing the last removable piece of film from the face of the screen.
 The protector seems to do its job of protecting the screen and hasn't impacted the function of the phone.  The protector wasn't too difficult to install (although it is difficult to install perfectly centered).  The tabs are a great idea to help with installation but it would be great if there was something else they could do to help to install the protector perfectly centered on the phone.
 I had this screen protector on the phone. I noticed that the screen protector cracked, no issues to the screen. I reached out to their customer service and had a new one on the way, free of charge. This is a company that can stand by their product.
 Just received a couple of days ago. Product looked good, better and more rigid than I expected. I Immediately put it on my phone (new iPhone7). It was easy. Warnings on how to install were overblown, but maybe that was why the install went so well. No bubbles, misalignment, or any problems whatsoever. The only negative is that there is a cutout where the home key sits. This is perfect acceptable as there is some movement there and the design was necessary, but it does feel different than the rest of the phone. As it has only been on for a couple of days I cannot tell if it will provide the protection needed, but it certainly appears that it will. Overall I am very pleased with the purchase and recommend it, but hope I don't give it the ultimate test.
 This screen protector is hands down the best out there. The reason: it's not just a plastic scratch prone film that you place over your fantastically brilliant and clear screen. Instead, it's exactly as described: crystal clear tempered glass screen protector. This way, what you are doing is placing a tempered "glass" screen protector over your glass. No glare, and honestly, you can't tell its on there.but having it there helps reduce scratches and possible cracks<br/>Now on to the company TechMatte: top notch 5 star customer service. Their follow up on your order isn't a typical form response. They actually care about their service and your satisfaction. I am sold on them, and intend to purchase all my tech needs through them. They are in a class of their own. I'd highly reccomed them.
 My product came in great condition and included a lifetime warranty card (major plus). Just be sure to really clean your screen before applying and take your time. I had no issues getting it onto my screen. I'm pretty careful with my phones but I'll update if I ever drop it to give a real testimony on it's durability.
 Can't speak on durability but I can say that you can't even tell when it's on. It's actually nicer in my opinion. Softer feel. Loved the company's packaging too. Very sleek and clean.<br/><br/>UPDATE- wife dropped her phone. Surprise surprise. When she picked it up the protector screen was cracked. Long story short this saved me wife from a night of sleeping in the shed. Buying more right after I leave this review. Amazing product.
 I had a different brand for couple of years now! few weeks back accidentally I dropped something hard on the phone  and thankfully it just broke the protector! So I have to purchase a new one.This one looked like a deal.So far good with this ! It was easy to apply and came with all usual cleaning wet ,dry wipes and a dust sticker.I may update few months in later!
 Good quality screen.  Nice and thick.  Good thing there are two in the package.  I got the first one slightly misaligned and had to use the second one, but managed to get all the dust off the iPhone screen and do an almost perfect alignment.  Very pleased with the end result.  Just follow the directions on using the tabs to hold for alignment before letting it touch the iPhone screen.
 Great glass protector! It was super easy to lnstall and fits my iPhone 8 perfectly (all of the holes/cut-outs line up exactly).<br/>Lifetime Warranty is the icing on the cake!<br/>Definitely recommend this product to help protect your investment...along with a protective case.
 Easiest installation ever and I have done many... bubble free, this is a "hard" cover which is great...use Great care on 6s because it is a hair too narrow so u have to get it EXACTLY center or u can't slide ur icons to the next screen...even dead center it will still be just shy on one side, but all features will function... that being said I was able to pick it up and re- position it with no problem
 As with all screen protectors, keeping dust and bubbles out of the fit can be a pain, but once it's on, it's on. The protector itself thick enough to make me feel confident that if I were to drop my phone, the screen would take all the damage. It's not just a scratch film, it's basically an extra layer of glass, which I like a lot.
 Bought this for my iPhone 8. Tried to apply the first screen protector and had tons of trouble lining it up, it cracked and so I tried again. Got the second one on but it’s been about two weeks and I already have a large crack across the center of the screen.
 I ordered 2 of these screen protectors and found them easy to install and quite clear vision wise. One of the screens showed a deep scratch soon after installation - it either protected my phone screen from who knows what or was there from the start. It does not impair my using the phone in the least and is detectable only at a low glancing angle. Plus, I have the second cover to use if necessary.
 This came in the mail on time, the packaging was nice. The instructions to put on were clear and installation was made easy. It fits the screen perfectly and even if you do have a small bubble you can slightly lift up the protector and move it out. I love that it comes with sticky pieces to remove dust, a microfiber towelette, a card to get the bubbles out and wet and dry wipes. It comes with anything you could imagine. I was just dumb and dropped the first screen protector sticky side down! ): But the one that I actually put on is perfect! This review is not paid, I actually purchased and love this product.
 I’ve been through a few glass screen protectors, and this one’s probably the best so far.  High quality product. You get everything you need for clean, easy installation.  The film on top of the glass comes with tabs that allow you to position it on the screen. The only knock I really have is maybe the adhesive for that top film could be a little stronger, because it started to release the glass just as I was about to stick it. The clarity is among the best I’ve seen, and the edges are tapered, which you don’t see often.
 Techmatte is my new favorite Amazon partner. I did a dumb thing and accidentally purchased a size too small for my phone. When I contacted Techmatte, they immediately overnighted me the correct size and were absolutely the best. 5 stars for their excellent product - super durable, super easy to apply with no bubbles, and 10 stars for their service.
 I have put many glass screen protectors on a variety of devices.  This one is by far the easiest to install.  The tabs on the top and bottom are what make this one so good.  The protector also has a good fit and finish quality about it too.  This is now my first choice brand for screen protectors.
 Easy to install clear with no bubbles<br/>Update, 12-20-17 Thank god there were 2 protectors. The first lasted until last week when a hairline crack developed in my screen, or so i thought.  Untill today when i went to apple to replace the screen and was they peeled back the protector and the screen was fine but the protector had the crack. at that point, even the protector cracked.<br/>Good news is i got 2+ good years and no damage to my screen. Now i hope to get another 2 years out of the remaining  protector.
 I thought all screen protectors were alike until I bought these! Not only is the packaging super nice, but the application process is perfect. Each glass protector comes with a removable front plastic piece WITH tabs for your fingers so you can hold it steady as you place it on your phone. Clean smooth finish. Will only buy from this seller from now on!
 I haven't dropped my phone since I put it on but so far this has been my favorite screen protector I've ever used. It is a steal for the price! I paid $35 in the past for similar or less quality. And that was for only one screen protector! Its crystal clear and it laid down perfectly. A couple bubbles at first, but they were gone the next day. Good rounded edges. If I happen to drop my phone then I'll update the review with results. Happy customer so far.
 Works as it says! This is the second time I've purchased this screen protector. I keep them on usually for a few months before having to change them (the slightest crack drives me wild). Since using them, my actual phone screen has not been damaged.
 I have used this company for YEARS and now all of a sudden the edges don’t adhere.. they have sent me THREE sets of replacements (so that’s SIX BRAND NEW screen protectors) and every single one of them does not stay down on the edges of my screen. I have never had this problem with this company before and I’m actually sad to say I have to go to another brand because this has just become ridiculous. I don’t know what happened.. maybe a new design or cheaper glue? Either way I’m no longer spending my money on these.
 I like that it comes with 2 screen protectors. I don't like that I can't get a big air bubble out of the lower corner. While it does not block the view on my screen, it's there and draws my attention constantly since it's a grey shade of color. I tried to remove and reattach it a few times but that one air bubble refuses to go away. I don't know yet how durable it is since my phone is new and I haven't dropped it thank God but if I do drop it, that's when I'll know and I'll be sure to update my review accordingly.
 Just purchased so I haven't had a chance to see if it really protects the screen, but I will say it was easy to apply and shipped quickly. It doesn't give that dull quality from the screen that I've experienced with other screen protectors . They also took the time to see if the product was to my liking so I appreciate that as a customer. Thank you for your customer service as I am optimistic this will work out .
 Just a couple of days after getting my new screen protectors my phone fell on a rock and the screen protector cracked. I had registered my purchase, put in my claim and within a few days received my new screen protectors.
 I've bought this product before and loved it. Dropped my phone and cracked the screen protector, so it does it job! I have experience putting on this in the past and didn't have an issue. Very disappointed they changed the plastic "card" to get rid of bubbles to cardboard. I tried to get the bubbles out and the cardboard just bent. I'll have to try again with the second screen I guess.<br/><br/>Update: All but two of the bubbles worked themself out, so I'm updating my review from three to four stars.
 I had a bad experience buying another shield by another brand here on Amazon. So when I ordered this I was a little apprehensive and nervous what kind of product I was going to get. Well I was so happy! Think shield that was easy to apply. And I got this on a lighting deal (for a two pack) which made it an even bigger score! I would definitely order this shield again.
 I have managed to break every single screen of the iphones I have had. all except for the last one and its all due to this product.  I have had my phone for 1.5 years and have bought this 2 times.  every single time I managed to crack the screen but having this protection, all I did was to peel it off and add another.  I am so happy I found this and will always have  a backup in case I drop my phone again.  The screen is just as good as the screen.
 Easy Peasy to apply!  Took me just a few minutes. No air bubbles.  Have had it now for about 2 weeks, can’t tell my new iPhone 8 has a protector on it.  Haven’t dropped it yet, but it has had substantial use and seems to keep itself clean. Not sure how?  Good product.
 Best screen protector I’ve ever owned. So easy to apply with the instructions, cleaner and application tool that is provided. It is made out of glass so it feels like I’m not using a screen protector. No scratches and no bubbles. Love it!
 Great product. Quick deliver and easy application! I had never owned a "smart" phone as I live in that 1% area of the country where there is little to no cell service, so I switched to TracFone and had one of their cheep Altelle phones and I hated it. I bought a refurbished iPhone and needed to protect the investment! It was easy to apply and is virtually smudge resistant.
 Came as described 👍🏽 👍🏽, no surprises. Easy to put on and no problem with the touchscreen. I think it's an inexpensive insurance policy for the ever increasingly expensive mini computers, I mean phones, that we tote around like necessary barnacles of survival. 🤪
 I was hesitant on purchasing a tempered screen protector and installing it on my own for fear of mishandling the product. But, this company made it easy with great instructions and also received an email with youtube video to review. I followed all the instructions and even used their suggestion of applying the screen protector while running a hot steamy shower to reduce dust. I did manage to get ONE speck of dust under the glass (that will drive me crazy...lol) but, I didn't want to waste the protector so I'll use it until it needs to be replaced. I do recommend using multiple pieces of "tape" that comes with the kit to remove all dust. I think that's where I went wrong. Anyway, great product. Love the glass feel and has no hindrance on my phone for touch screen or scrolling. It does fit my iPhone 7 but only the flat part of the screen with no lifting on the edges. Also, it cleans up easy.
 Teen put the protector on his phone &amp; both side edges are lifted (not flush to the screen) on his iPhone 8. I noticed from other reviews that he's not alone in this problem. It's protecting the screen as it should, but I'm concerned that dirt will get under the gaps &amp; scratch the screen. Guess we'll see...
 Very nice screen protector. Took a little work getting the air bubbles pressed out, but after a week it is holding up well. Fits perfectly on the phone. There are two in the package, which is nice if you have a second phone (we do) or if one gets damaged in use.
 Extremely convenient to apply and I had zero bubbles. At first when I applied it it looked like I would have bubbles but they seemed to go away after pressing it and sing it, really amazing!! I didn't even take too much care applying it.
 This is Honestly one of the best screen protectors I had! It is cheap and easy to put on. I recently repaired my screen and they gave me one of the cheapest screen protectors that scratched and smudged real easily. But once I took that crappy protector and placed this protector there was a MAJOR difference. My screen protector has barely even smudged and has not scratched yet. Although some air bubbles appear and reappear but that is an easy fix. I definitely recommend this product!
 Take your time with installation and read the instructions carefully.  Installed without incident, shows less smudging than the iPhone screen, and looks like it's actually a higher gloss surface yet no glare.  No touch control issues so far.
 No question, this glass protector saved me $100 for a screen replacement. My son dropped my phone &amp; it landed on a rock, not good. I checked the screen &amp; it appeared to have a huge splintering crack on it...definitely not good. But I remembered I had the screen protector on &amp; hoped for the best. When I peeled it off, it was the protector that was cracked, and my screen was perfectly fine! I will never have a phone without this on the glass again.
 I liked this product. I had an easy time of installing it, I love all the various wipes included that provide a clean screen. I don’t love how the class doesn’t contour to the edge of my screen(I went from a 5C to my iPhone 8). You can see that it doesn’t adhere for 1/8 of an inch around the perimeter of the glass. I also don’t love that the screen is exactly the dimensions of the screen itself. If you are looking  at your phone from the side, you can see tips of the screen from under the glass at an angle where it is not covered. I guess that bothers me hahaha. I’m overall pleased with it, nevertheless
 I really liked the ease of installation. Much easier than other products I have used.  The material is of excellent quality as well.  The product description lets you know that protection screen is a little smaller than the phone screen, but I think it could be a little bigger (that’s the reason for 4 stars).  That being said, I like the screen and will buy again.
 I just realized that I have used this company before and I bought from them a protector for my Nintendo Switch which is perfect and I love it. However, for my iPhone 7 it is a bit narrow for my taste. Installing it is VERY easy and the product is great quality but I wish it was just a tiny little bit wider.<br/>This company has incredible customer service BTW.
 I really am happy with this product.  There were so many to choose from online, but this 2 pack is really a great deal!  The product is perfect and covers the main part of the screen, which is what I needed.  I've dropped my phone at least five times from shoulder height since I have had the product, and it has protected my screen just fine.
 The internet picture is the best part of this item. The dust cleaning cloth and wet cleaning cloth work good. The plastic shield did not work and does not work with the phone case because of the tabs on each end.
 We bought new phones &amp; wanted the added insurance of screen protection because I’m accident prone &amp; we have a toddler.  Seems to be working well since the toddler has dropped it several times with no damage!<br/><br/>Addendum: Dear son dropped dad’s phone. Dad was mad since there was a fracture “on the screen” until I reminded my husband that we had the screen protector...fracture was only on this product!!!!  Repurchased a new screen protector. EXTREMELY pleased with this product!  Ordered it again to replace the broken one. Would DEFINITELY recommend!
 Fast delivery with clear instructions including prep materials &amp; what to expect. After cleaning the Iphone 8, I centered the screen protector and set it down. It almost pushed all the air out on it's own. The included squeegee took care of the rest of the bubbles. The two pack is nice however I keep my phones in great shape &amp; only upgrade every 3-4 years so I will probably never use the 2nd protector. It's only been on for  a week now but it's doing it's job well.
 I can honestly say this tempered glass screen protector kit is one of the best I've ever used on any of the iPhones I've done in the past with others kits. This one is simply easy installation, they give you all the cleaning supplies you need to prevent dust or anything before applying a screen protector. And best of all, it's truly an affordable kit for anyone to use. Highly recommend to anyone wanting an affordable, quantity screen protector kit.<br/>P.S.<br/>It fits the screen prefectly, just align it carefully and it should protect the screen just right. Don't listen to the complainers out there saying it doesn't fully fit the screen. It does.
 I bought it a year ago for my iphone 7 plus. The original one is still on and it does have cracks but I'm assuming my actual screen doesn't! I suppose I should change it out now but I haven't. This recent one was ordered for my friend because I so highly recommended it. Always my go to screen protectors.
 This screen protector is a little tricky to install if you try to perfectly place it on the phone.  Other than that, I have no complaints about this product.  I have used a single screen protector for the last year and it has no chips or cracks!  This has saved my phone from being scratched multiple times.  Overall, this is an excellent product that I would definitely buy again.
 These screen protector is AMAZING. I suggest everyone has one of these on their phone as an extra precaution. Even with constant drops and a subpar phone case, I still haven’t broken my actual phone screen. These protectors take all the damage and are easily replaceable. I can’t imagine my life without them at this point! They fit my iPhone 6s perfectly. It’s a bit tricky to get it on and positioned correctly the first few times, but it’s definitely worth it.
 I cleaned the phone screen thoroughly after washing my hands, peeled off the step 1 liner... lined it up carefully and set it down.. it stuck in the center.. and spread out from there.. a perfect bubble free fit.. and i didn't have to press squeegie or do anything else.. .it just worked... looked EXACTLY like the normal phone screen... and the touch screen works perfectly.. what more can i want from a screen protector!
 The only good thing about this screen protector was that is was easy to install. Other than that it's garbage.. and a complete waste of money. It's been on my son's iPhone 6 for a little less than a month, he dropped the phone once, and the screen under the screen protector is completely shattered. It doesn't help that the screen protector doesn't cover the whole screen, leaving the ends and corners unprotected. I wish I would've just spent the few extra dollars and went with a better one, because now I have to replace the screen.
 I needed a screen protector for my iPhone 8 and this two-pack worked great! Installation was very easy and the results were crystal clear and bubble free. If you're on the fence about getting a screen protector for your iPhone, don't be. I can hardly tell it's there.
 This was an easy product to apply. My phone was super dirty when I started this process, so it took a few minutes to clean it. But I was expecting that. The wet and dry wipes that came with it left my phone streak free! My screen had a few minor scratches when I applied the screen protector, but you can't really see them with it on. I haven't dropped it yet so I'm not sure how it works, but I will come back and post photos once I do to let everyone know how it works!
 This screen protector is very nice. I have had other screen protectors that were either too thick, not as responsive to touch, and as bubbly as ever. I hope I don't need to replace this screen protector from any damage I might cause by dropping my phone, but I'd rather replace a screen protector than a phone screen. I am happy with my choice to purchase this item.
 Arrived quickly. Easy to instal. Since this is a two-pack, the price is better than similar items listed on Amazon. Replaced a similar product that had cracked. The instructions included a QR code that took you to a video showing the steps that were outlined in the instructions. Somewhere in the installation material, they suggested running a hot shower with the door closed. This will help eliminate any dust particles that will cause a bubble under the screen protector.
 I have bought amFilm glass screen protectors for years! I am always notoriously dropping my phone clumsily and amFilm protectors have always saved my phone from breaking its expensive screen. Application is super easy and they even give you alcohol wipes and little stickers to get dust away. In my three years of buying their products, the actual screen of my iPhone has never broken. Occasionally the glass screen will show cracks after a particularly hard fall, but it never ever cracks the real screen. Truly an amazing product.
 Seriously? The package came with a whole set of tools, including wet and dry wipes, pressure card to take out the bubbles, and the screens! All for this price! Individual parts are nicely packed, and the item has a very nice box too. Not looking forward to breaking these, but if/when I do, will definitely buy the same product.
 This is by far the nicest phone cover I've gotten. It just feels so much more natural and sturdy than those flimsy plastic covers. The only concerning thing I noticed about the cover was that the cover hasn't completely adhered around the home button and the camera. It's very tiny areas so I'm positive that it won't affect the ability of the cover in any way, but it was just a little concerning<br/>Otherwise, this product is five stars all across, thanks for a great product!!!!
 Came with two screen protectors, two sets of whipped both wet and dry. I originally bought the same screen protector from a different company and had no problems at all. However, this time I bought from here and it really had to work in the glass to my phone. It just automatically cure like the other kinds do, you have to rub out all the bubbles which I do not like because being glass to glass, it should automatically cure. Other than that, it's lasting and works great.
 It’s been about 3 months now since I applied the film. It’s still solidly attached and shows no signs of peeling off.  I followed the application instructions and had no problems. There were no bubbles after the application. I’ve dropped the phone several times and the protector has not cracked and the phone screen is still in tact so it seems to be doing its job.  I throw the phone in my purse and carry in my back pocket and there are no scratches on the surface so it’s pretty scratch resistant as well.
 Phone fell into water and stayed there for 2 hours. I owe it to the case and the screen protector for the fact it is still 100% functional minus the touch ID.<br/><br/>This protector also definitely saved me from having a cracked screen a few times.
 What can I say? I never post reviews, but this is a unique circumstance. I bought these screen protectors because they were cheap and came in a pack - probably not the best approach when trying to protect an $800 device. But, at the end of the day, these did exactly what they were supposed to do when a 15 lb dumbbell slipped out of my wife's hand and fell directly onto the screen. After telling my wife there was no way her screen didn't crack, I pulled back the cover to reveal a crack-free, fully intact screen. And that's why you buy screen protectors in packs!
 I have a screen protector and a slim iphone armor case on my iphone 6S, and have dropped it plenty of times. However, the last time I dropped it, a couple of days later I noticed that my screen was cracked. Initially I was MAD! Until I remembered that I had the protector on. Yep, it was the protector that was crack, not my phone. The screen protector TOTALLY did its job and protected my iphone. I ended up buying four more just to have on hand.
 Very pleased with this purchase.  I wanted a very clear cover to show off my new phone'a beautiful appearance.  Further, the soft plastic cover provides a  grippable feel so it don't feel like it will slip out of my hands while using it, but at the same time, it also slips easily into and out of my suit and shirt pockets.  The only down side is that there is no lip to speak of so if you drop it face down you could be looking at a cracked screen.  I purchased a glass screen cover for added protection.  If you buy this you probably should too..  That said, this cover does exactly what I was looking for.  Plus it was extremely inexpensive.
 I bought the amFilm iPhone 7 Tempered Glass Screen Protector to protect my iPhone from my clumsy hands. Overall, I'm very satisfied with the product. It does what it says and I'm extremely happy that it comes with a set of two screen protectors since I ruined one on my first try to apply the glass on my iPhone.<br/><br/>I appreciate the fact that this product came with full details and instructions on how to apply. It also came with some extras to make its application easy: cleaning kits, "squeeze card" to get rid of air or left-over cleaning solution, and finally dust stickers.<br/><br/>I would definitely recommend this product to a friend, and I would buy it again!
 The instructions were easy to follow and I was able to apply the protector without bubbles or creases. It's barely visible and fits perfectly with the case I bought. It is a tad smaller than the front of the phone but the package explains it is supposed to be that way.  Fortunately I haven't dropped it or anything - hopefully I don't have to test its durability! I'm sure I'll get my moneys worth out of it and I love that the order came with 2 protectors for the price.
 Absolutely top-notch product and service.  This company has that secret ingredient that earns customers for life, and prompts them to write 5 star reviews to let the world know how great they are.  We have already 2 drops of husband's phone and 1 drop of wifey's phone that most likely would have resulted in a cracked screen if not for the protection provided by this product.  In case one is not aware, when a phone gets dropped hard enough, the glass protector is likely to crack - which I assume is as designed, and this is how the screen absorbs that damage, rather than your phone's screen.  At this price - and this is a two-pack - I have no compunction about taking the cracked screen off and applying the next one.  That's just how it works.  I will by these, and nothing else, as long as they are available and I have a phone that needs a protector screen.
 I read a lot of reviews before choosing this one. I'm glad I did. You should know that I'm very particular about my phone and its protection. It was easier to out on than others I've had because of the two tabs. However, it took me a good 10 minutes to get all the bubbles out before I took the top plastic off. I love how it is so smooth and fun to use. Get it. You'll love it.
 They were pretty easy to install and no bubbles. It seems a little small for the screen, even with a curve but it's not really noticeable with my case on. One thing I don't like very much is that the edge doesn't seem to want to stay on very firmly, which wouldn't be a problem except it's right on the LCD and I can see it. Other than that, I'm sure I won't have to worry about scratches or impact and that's what I was really hoping to protect from.
 These are the only screen protectors I will use for my phones and tablets.  They really are the best, and I've tried several.  I've used this brand exclusively for over five years.  I don't recommend any other screen protector.
 I'm very glad I purchased this for my phone.  I have dropped my phone several times since and my actual screen is unscrathed and uncracked!  The screen protector has two tiny little chips in it but thats ok with me as long as its not my phone screen!  The protector is doing its job and in case it shatters I have a second one as backup!  I may share my extra with a loved one if I'm feeling nice.  Great buy!  I've already recommended it to some friends and family!
 It’s nice cheap and does a great work in protecting screen.<br/>It’s durable for 8-9months
 I always use a screen protector on my phone but have never used the glass protectors.  I followed all the directions carefully and got a bubble that will not go away no matter what I try.  I have taken it off and started over several times with no luck.  Bubble is in exactly the same place every time.  It has been a week and it looks like there might be a crack where the bubble is - not on my phone.  Good thing there are two in this package.  This first one looks like a bust.  If the second one doesn't work any better, I will adjust my rating down.
 So far so good!  I've only had it on for a short while.  It was very easy to apply. You're given a wet cloth and a dry cloth to prep your screen (to make sure it's dust and smudge free). There are little tabs (as guides) to use to align the protector onto your phone screen and you can readjust as long as your don't press down hard when applying it. It's a 2 pack so I used one for my iPhone 6 and used the second for my husband's iPhone 6s.
 Love these screen protectors! My husband and I have used these and all of our phones of different sizes. They make it easy to adhere and clean and protect my phone screen whether in my purse or it gets dropped in the floor. Thanks for a product that does exactly what it says it’s going to do!!
 This is the second time I have purchased this screen protector. the first one lasted over a year and multiple drops. It finally got one long crack and i just could not leave it on. So i purchased this exact same protector again. love it.
 Had the screen protected on my iPhone 7 and put it in my back pocket which I forgot I had all ready placed a small tool.  Bent down and heard that aweful cracking noise that I have unfortunately heard before.  Took out phone and discovered big crack along side.  Being busy, I put phone away and went back to work.  Later when I had a moment I pulled out my phone and stared at it wondering how much this was going to cost.  Then, I just noticed the corner of the screen protector and started to pull it back to examine the damage.  But, to my absolute excitement, I discovered the screen protector took all the force of the impact and my screen was completely intact!  Yahoo!!  Thank you
 Does not adhere on edges, cracked first day. Bought a second set (because yes, I am an idiot!) Not durable. The second set got amidst under both of them despite cleaning. I tried to submit the warranty claim and the form will not submit. Just sit in a perpetual “Please Waiting” message. Total sham on the warranty! Don’t offer a warranty that is a brick wall!!!
 This screen is think and durable. The directions are easy to follow and it goes on smooth with no bubbles. One minor thing to consider is that it does not go to the very edge of the screen, but it was stated clearly in the directions that this is how it is supposed to fit. That doe to the curved edges of the phone it is designed to be slightly smaller, was annoying at first but easy to get used to.
 LOVE that it came with two screens. I'm always worried about messing up applying a new screen to my devices. But this was probably the easiest and best screen that I have ever applied. Sturdy, easy to use, no problems with my touch screen uses.
 I'm very dissatisfied with this screen protector.  Not only does it not cover the whole screen, but the screen protector itself doesn't stick to the phone screen along the edges.  I thought it would go down after a few hours but it never did.  The edges remain slightly raised, which has allowed for debris to get up under the screen protector.  Both screen protectors I received had this flaw.
 I don't always write reviews but I had to for this product! My phone LITERALLY got ran over by multiple cars when my phone dropped in the street and I didn't realize it until I saw it laying there. Well, I picked it up, looked at the screen in fear, and sure enough it was cracked and shattered. I pulled this screen protector off and AMAZINGLY the screen was in perfect shape!!! Only the protector was cracked and shattered!!! And my phone was fine besides the camera so I ended up needing a new phone anyway... but if the camera was ok my phone would have been in perfect condition. I highly recommend these covers! I ordered more to put on my new phone.
 I've had the same screen protector on for almost 1 year and today, while out on my mountain bike, my phone fell onto the ground and I accidentally ran it over. Shattered the screen protector but the iPhone screen itself is still perfect. Thank you Tech matte! (The photo is of the broken screen protector, my actual screen is still perfect)
 The explanation was easy to follow! It is first time for me not to make bubbles when I attached the film. ;)<br/>Although there is a little gap between the film and the front screen, but I think that is fine.<br/>(Maybe I got iPhone 7, and it could be for iPhone 6? I'm not sure..)
 Great screen protector. As described, it's slightly smaller than the screen itself (so the edges don't peel back) so you should be careful to place it properly on the phone to avoid seeing the edge on the screen itself. I made that mistake and it was so distracting that I peeled it off and applied it again.The directions provided are very clear. I've had it in the phone for a few days now and it's working as intended.
 Took me two tries but I had to make it perfect. Haven't had the chance and hope I don't have to have the chance to test the durability (not all protectors work). It isn't really flush with the phone and has a bubble kind of look.
 I am notorious for breaking my phone screens, and it's something I'm absolutely ashamed of. When someone told me that these would save my phone, I was at a point where I would try anything.<br/><br/>These are really finicky - If you sit on your phone while it's in your back pocket, it has the chance of cracking the screen protector. However, after using these, I have yet to crack my actual iPhone screen so I can NOT complain.
 If you take the time to apply this protector correctly, there will be no bubbles. I've only had it for a few days so the true test won't happen until I drop the phone. Even though these protectors are designed to be smaller than phones' screens to because of the curvy edges, I think there is plenty of room to at least cover the display fully. Seems okay but absolutely should have been bigger.
 I LOVE IT!! Man this screen protector is the best I've ever had, it doesn't look like there's one there with it being white and going edge to edge!!! The 3D works as well as without which is great because my last one was s***!!! DEFINITELY recommend this product and is worth more than the cost!!! Be extra careful cleaning before install because I thought mine was dust free and I end up with 2 tiny bubbles with dust under 😞!!!
 The screen glass protector was easy to apply to my wife's iPhone 8. Rated material quality and durability a five but cannot know how this rates until an accident/drop happens. Hopefully, I won't have to come back and modify my ratings.
 Packaging and instructions were complete and thorough. Glass screens are so much clearer than the flexible style protectors. It was super easy to put on, I haven't dropped it yet but I will update my review when I do! Cosmetically, I love it.<br/><br/>3/19 I’ve been through lots of these and when you drop them they usually break or crack BUT they do their job and protect your actual screen AND the company replaces it as their warranty states. Win win.
 Easy to install.  This is a replacement.  I crashed my mtn bike and landed hard, phone in my pocket .  Protective screen absorbed shock and cracked protecting the phone.  $10 of protection did a great job, I immediately ordered a replacement.
 First of all a BIG thanks to the guys at amFilm (the seller of this product) who replaced by slightly scratched screen protector (see attached pic) with no questions asked. Highly appreciated!<br/><br/>The protector is really good, with very good clarity which is good for high resolution phones like the iPhone 7. It as also really easy to install and the packaging comes with all the tools you'll need to install this protector (wet &amp; dry cleaning wipes, stickers for lint removal etc).<br/><br/>Overall I'm really happy with this product.
 I drop my phone all the time! I guess I just “play hard”!!! Anyway, I use these screen savers all the time. They do break, but my actual screen doesn’t. So at $10 a pop is a lot better than a new screen. I’ve never tried their guarantee but it’s probably worth a try
 I found this screen protector to be very high quality and protects the screen really well. It keeps it clean and scratch free, it also stays in place and doesn’t peel off like others do. I highly recommend this.
 I had this on for one day and it cracked, with no actual impact to my phone (didn’t drop it or anything). Instead of protecting me, now I was carrying around taped shards of glass... I ended up returning this for a refund.
 Bought these for my two sons new iPhone 7.  They both said easy to apply and work very well.  Purchased glass screen because if they do drop the phone and phone glass breaks, it would still be intact but cracked (as some reviews said).  I also figured that a more solid screen protector on the iPhone glass would help absorb/disperse the impact and maybe lessen the chance of screen cracking.  PLEASE COMMENT if I'm incorrect with my last statement.
 The next day after putting on the screen I dropped my phone (at home) and not only did the film break, but also my phone! The previous film I had never broke until 2 years later!!! This item is cheap! Don't buy!
 This product is very easy to apply and clean.  Touch sensitivity is very good on my iPhone 8.  The protector is rigid and will most likely hold up over time.  There are Zero bubbles and you barely notice that the protector is even there.  I would purchase again!
 I bought a $40 screen protector at the store when I got my new iPhone 8. Within a week it had gotten chipped on the side and within a month, it had a crack across the screen. I figured I’d try a cheaper replacement and I have to say that this screen protector looks and feels exactly the same as the (way) more expensive version. And you get two sheets in the packaging!<br/><br/>If you were in two minds about buying this product, just let me convince you to get it. You won’t be sorry.
 If you are looking for a great screen protector then this is it! It comes as a kit so everything you need to install this product is included as well a easy instructions. Try it, you'll like it!
 I have bought this product several times. The only reason why it lost a star is because it seems like the glass is extra easy to break or scratch, it's like no matter what, if you drop it there will be a crack on it. So if that annoys you I would go with a more expensive product, if not, then you get two in the package and just know you'll probably have the continually purchase this product.
 Nice protector but the youtube video using the hing method is the best way to install it. I was surprised to see this method was not in the instruction manual. Installation was easy (using the hing method) and looks great. My wife sags she can feel the edge but just barely and its not a problem. It dirsnt interfere with her case and she likes the extra protection.
 I was very pleased with this product. I have an iPhone 6S and this fit the screen nicely. It came with two screen protectors. a soft cleaning cloth, 2 cleaning wet wipes, 2 dry wipes, 1 bubble squeeze card, 6 dust removal stickers, and easy to follow instructions. I was able to put this screen protector on myself quickly. The glass feels slick and smooth.
 There are quite a few reviews claiming that the edges don’t adhere properly causing a “halo” effect. If you are having this issue or afraid this will happen to you please read the rest of my review! I had the same issue but if you use the card stock that comes with the package and firmly press down against the edge and move it up and down repeatedly, the edges will eventually adhere to the iPhone. Be patient and keep applying pressure. It will work! This is a great product, thank you amFilm!
  iPhone 7]<br/>I've owned iPhones since they first came out &amp; I've always put a protective cover on them. I really dislike bubbles, so I obsess over putting the cover on correctly.<br/>They included some really helpful tips &amp; tricks to make sure I was able to put the cover on perfectly &amp; w/o dust or bubbles (I admit, I even watched the video- but, it helped!).<br/>This was probably the EASIEST &amp; FASTEST screen cover application I've ever done; &amp; it came out excellently!<br/>Thank you! You're awesome!
 This was by far the easiest screen protector to install. The instructions were excellent and it came with an alcohol wipe and drying cloth. Tabs at the end are extremely helpful. Tips were great too. Installed in seconds and not a single bubble!!  Tactile is perfect after install too. Couldn't be happier.  My new iPhone looks as great as it should, and I am confident that I have a great screen protector on it. Buy it, you won't regret it.
 So far haven’t had a test of its ability to protect the phones screen and hopefully will not anytime soon. I can only comment on ease to apply and quality.  Quality looks good and the product fit on both an iPhone 6 and 7.  It’s clear and at least for me I can’t tell its there unless I really look for the edges.  No interference with screen functionality.  Was pretty easy to apply as well. 4 Stars for now bit could be more or less if/when phone is dropped.  I would recommend at this point.
 Dropped my iPhone screen-first onto a rock while hiking. The fall was probably about 3 to 4 feet. Screen protector shattered but phone screen was completely undamaged. 8 bucks for a screen protector is much better than $100+ for a new screen. Highly recommend this product. Don't bother with plastic film screen protectors as they won't protect the screen from fall damage. Glass is the way to go.
 A little tricky to apply as any screen protector.  I ended up using the second one be because a rather large particle appeared when I was done. Probably due to my lack of attention to detail upon application. 😳 So far this the only brand I have found that hasn't cracked after my toddler snatches my device when I set it down only to drop it seconds later. I would definitely order again! Nice customer service follow up after I ordered. 👌🏻
 I was thinking about buying the expensive ones because every time I drop my phone the glass shatter. So I recently drop my phone. Glass shatter and everything I peeled the screen protector off to see how much damage was reallly done and to my surprise my screen was unharmed. Absolutely in love with this brand and will only stick with this one for now on.
 I've been using these for a couple years now.  They work well and have prevented my iPhone from shattering on more than a few occasions.  Much rather replace a cracked screen protector than a phone!<br/><br/>My only quibble is that, for an iPhone 7, they are incredibly finicky to line up correctly so take time and care when you install the product!
 I found this difficult to get all of the air bubbles out from under the glass. I followed the direction even used the steam still there is one bubble remaining. Not sure of the durability since I have not had the product long enough to tell
 Wow!  These were the easiest screen protectors to put on.  Because they are so cheap and you get two, if you make a mistake in placement or find a piece of dust under the first cover just pull it off and use the second one.  I have had this on my phone for several months and not one scratch yet!  LOVE IT!
 I put this on screen protector on my phone about 4 months ago.  Then last week I dropped my phone onto asphalt!  I think the screen would have cracked all over had I not had the screen protector on (my case is more for moderate protection). Instead the screen protector itself broke in several places and my screen was cracked a little only at the very top.  Given the alternative, I'm very pleased with how this screen protector worked!  I don't think there is a way to protect 100% of the phone screen due to the curvature of it. I bought this exact screen protector to replace the one on my phone that had done such a good job!  I highly recommend this product.
 Bought as gift to go with an iPhone 8 case.  An email was sent to me at time of purchase with a helpful video of instructions on properly applying the screen protector.  I had offered to forward the instructions to the gift recipient, but they seemed very familiar with this type of screen protector and had no problem installing it.
 Get it perfect the first time. This product comes with all the necessary implements for installation but is as unforgiving as similar products. If any bubbles remain or there is a speck of dust after thorough cleaning, resetting this protector without any imperfections is problematic, if not impossible. Also had issues with protector adhering to edges of the iPhone 8, and short of clamping it for an hour, the halo effect remains. Mounting tabs on protector are an effective feature. Dust stickers are nice add, but in the end only moderately helpful.
 I've noticed that these screen protectors, in particular, last me much longer than other screen protectors.  The instructions are simple and easy to follow and I don't have any trouble with air bubbles sneaking their way between the screen and screen protector.  The edges do not peel up, like my previous screen protector did. Looks good and holds up well! It's the best I've come across.
 This little item has saved my new iPhone twice! I bought this for my kids when we all got new iPhones. Guess who dropped their phone first!  Me! This protector has saved my screen twice in 6 months by taking the brunt of the falls.
 Love the screen covers! Easy to apply, they come with great instructions and the quality of the glass is really good. You almost cannot tell I have a screen glass protector on my phone. The price for  this product is awesome, definitely worth it for the price of 2 glass protectors. I used this on the new iPhone 7 and the other on the iPhone 6s. It fit both phones wonderfully. The only reason why I gave it 4 stars was bc it came late in the mail. I ordered through prime and didn't get my product in 2 days. Got it in the mail about 2 days late. Not a big deal, but my phone didn't have any screen protector while I was waiting for this product.
 The screen protector was very easy to apply bubble free.  It was also easy to place it correctly on the screen with the builtin "ear" on the screen protector that kept your fingers off the screen and the protector.
 First I'd like to thank their customer service team for being very responsive and going above and beyond to help me out. They really make sure that you have clear instructions to install, and it was my best experience trying to put a screen cover on ever. It does fit a little smaller on my screen than one that you'd get from apple, but it's not really noticeable nor does it affect anything if you use a case anyway. I would say it feels a little thick as well because you are very aware of it when you hit the home button, but that kind of makes it feel more secure to me. So far so good.
 Surprisingly easy to apply! No bubbles or dust spots. Looks and feels just like the dramatically more expensive one I had applied at an AT&amp;T retail store when I bought my iPhone 7. Only difference is the small divet at the middle-top of the screen protector.
 Received the two-pack quickly and went to apply the glass. Unfortunately, there was a mark or blemish about the size of a dime right in the middle. I had to discard it and apply the second sheet which was perfect. Installation was very easy and it is a beautiful addition to my iPhone6. It has a silky-smooth feel to it and it is excellent at minimizing fingerprints.<br/><br/>I emailed the company regarding the failed glass and got a response immediately. I provided the order number and was told the replacement two-pack will be shipped shortly. This is fantastic customer service that I wish more merchants on Amazon would aspire to by standing behind their products. I will be buying the TechMatte tempered glass for my iPad Air2: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00RNGOBYK<br/><br/>Product and company get 5-stars!<br/><br/>Nicholas R.
 I have an iPhone 8, and bought this. screen protector.  It is thicker than I was expecting, but it seems to be workable.  It doe not go to the full edge of the glass on the phone which may be why some reviews are saying it is too small, however, I think it may be designed that way,  It works for me.
 Second time I’ve purchase this item. Love that you get two screens and these usually last me almost a year! I’m usually pretty good at taking care of my phone anyway but the few times that I’ve dropped it with screen facing down it can take a hit! Great price great quality.
 Shipped fast, durable and easy to follow directions.  I just don't like the way it fits!  iPhone 7s have rounded edges and I did see that your directions addressed that, but it still seems like the dimensions of the protector should be smaller because they dont wrap the corners right.
 Initially when I got this screen protector, I thought it was great. However, yesterday when my phone dropped, the protector offered no type of protection to my actual phone. My actual screen cracked underneath the glass protector, which is contrary to what should have occured. I definitely would have not purchased this protector had I known it would have not offered true protection.
 Solid and more durable than many phone screen covers, but doesn’t impede the touch screen capabilities at all. I’m impressed by the lack of finger smudges, too. I was also pleased that the package included two screens, so I saved the other for a future need. Overall, I’m very pleased with this company and this purchase.
 I ordered 2 Jetech screen protectors for a iPad 2 and Air 2.  During installation of the iPad 2, the screen protector cracked in one corner.  I contacted Jetech about the issue and the service agent (Marion Cook) immediately provided a solution in providing me a refund to purchase another. Super and professional service by Marion, thank you. The screen protector delivers an excellent and clean view on my Air 2 and minimizes fingerprints and glare.  Highly recommend this product.  Also recommend, suggest you allow the protector to reach room temperature (68F plus) before installation to avoid cracking. Regards Nick
 I have chosen this product many times. I don't even look for anything else. The quality is great. I always buy extra of these because something always happens with someone in the family. These protectors have save many screens. Easy to put on and I haven't had any trouble with bubbles.
 I am not kidding when I say this, this is one of the best purchases I have ever made. It was so easy to put on and the instructions walk you through everything you need to do to make it look great! I really feel like my phone is protected and I am no longer worried about scratching my screen thanks to this tempered glass screen protector. Also, it looks great! Very clear picture, so much so that I don't even notice that the screen protector is on. There is very little space showing around the outsides but overall it protects the important parts. I recommend this product highly.<br/>PS make sure you leave a "thumbs up" if you thought this was helpful so people like me continue to leave reviews for these products to help others out with their decision on which product to buy. Thank you!!
 Every single glass protector that I've bought for my iPhone 8 is a little to large - and the edges don't seal.  Eventually this gets dust under it and it starts lifting.  If it were 2mm narrower, wouldn't happen but these extend over where the iphone glass starts to curve.  I bought this one specifically because they said it was smaller and this didn't happen.  Its not, same size as the others I've purchased.
 This is a great product. I've had a screen protector on my IPhone for a year, and it developed some cracks from dropping. I removed it to find my actual screen underneath was still perfectly intact. So this is a replacement that I'm glad to use and wouldn't use an IPhone with one. They really do protect your phone. Highly recommended.
 So far, so good. It’s a bit nerve wracking to place this since I’ve never had one before. I’ve dropped my phone a few times and it seems to work well (knock-on-wood!). I like that it came with cleaning wipes so nothing gets trapped on the screen. No bubbles, edge all around is secure.
 For the price, it’s a good deal. Beats the $40 a phone store would charge. The glass protector has a horrible scratch within the first day. Already had to use the second one which did the same thing.
 These glass protectors came in quickly and couldn't be easier to install.  Between the video they send you to show you how to install and the wet, dry and sticky tape to ensure all dust is removed it goes right on with no bubbles.  Looks amazing!  I have only dropped the phone once so far since getting the protector- but everything held up perfectly.  I would definitely recommend this product.
 I bought these for my iPhone 7 because I have a toddler who thinks he's Gronk and likes to spike my phone. After ~4 months, he finally cracked the protector today. The tempered glass protector prevented any cracks on my actual screen, so I'm back to buy another. Thank you for this affordable, protective product!
 I watched a video on this screen protector, however, it didn't work as described. It did not come with a small sheet, which was to remove small specks of lint. I have bubbles in the one I installed, and the other one had to be thrown away. Not even close to installing properly. I am using the 2nd sheet provided, but it still has a bubble in it. I have order one that was Zagg, and had no problem, but it included a small square of like plastic, sticky on one side, and it removed all specks, and installed it perfectly, NO BUBBLES,
 I've used amFilm's screen protectors since my 6S+. I've used them on a 6s, 6s+, 7, 7+, 8, and 2 Nintendo Switches. I cannot recommend their products enough and will continue using them going forward. Their protectors have saved 2 different phones, and the tabs on the protector make installation super-simple.
 In the past I have paid top dollar for screen protectors, thinking that if it cost more it must be the best...boy was I wrong. Not only did they crack all the time without cause, it was a real hassle to get a replacement. When ordering a new phone cases (for a family of five), TechMatte screen protectors were also suggested with the cases, so I purchased them. Not only did I pay less, but when one seemed to have an imperfection on it, I was able to easily contact the company and they immediately sent me a replacement, without the hassle of having to mail back the other one. This product is of great quality and the customer service is impeccable. I highly recommend TechMatte!!
 I tossed my phone in my purse instead of the pocket. I had something in my purse that caused a 2 inch surface scratch and protected my phone.  Scratches on the protector sheet are not visible when using the phone. You can only see it a little if you look hard. It came in a 2 pack.
 This screen protector was extremely easy to apply. After first applying there were some bubbles, but I was able to work the bubbles out with pressure and the screen looks great. It was a good deal as a two pack for the price!
 I rarely do reviews, but I had to for this.  I’ve done my fair share of iPhone screen protector installs, and this was BY FAR the easiest and most well through out process.  The folks who designed this product have clearly learned from others’ mistakes!  This was a flawless and simple install-<br/>Product was perfect with no dust, bubbles, or prints and fit perfectly.  And the screen it still crystal clear, bright, and colorful with the protector on.  And there’s a second protector in case you need another someday.  Cannot recommend enough.
 This is great for clumsy people like myself.  It protects the phone screen real well. If you drop your phone too many times, the protective glass will crack but it is doing its job and protecting your phone!
 Very nice product. The glass does not impair the touch functions whatsoever. The product includes the two glass protectors of course, as well wipe pads, stickers, and a cardboard card to press the bubbles out.<br/><br/>All I have to say is to read the instructions carefully. Do not pull of the film with the two tabs on it. Pull off the opposite tab and film to reveal the adhesive side. Was a little confusing.
 I drop my phone all the time (super clumsy) and the screen protector does a great job protecting it! The screen protector itself eventually cracks (like I said, I drop it a lot), but even still, it functions to protect my phone screen. As a result, I replace it every 6 months or so, which is much less costly than having to replace my entire phone/phone screen that often!
 This actually prevented the screen from cracking on the phone from a bad fall that resulted in this cover cracking.<br/><br/>Though we are happy it didn't crack the screen on the phone we were somewhat expecting the protective cover not to crack. I guess you cant expect it to stay intact after a 4 foot fall onto tile.
 i ordered  another brand for much more and have hair line cracks  one was $40.00 which was a rip off never again , then i ordered ur brand for my grand daughter and its looks the same for a two pak so well worth the money.
 Just received this and had no trouble putting it on. It looks great and does not get in the way of my case at all and I can't even see that it's on there. Those that said it is too small didn't read the instructions nor the email that they send out. I am totally happy with this so far and will update if necessary.
 This is my second purchase of these screens. It is not because they don’t work! Quite the opposite! I do enjoy an energetic game of phone hockey so these have saved me hundreds $$. Prior to these screen protectors I was replacing my entire screen constantly.Will continue to buy for life
 OH MY GOODNESS! This has saved my boyfriend 4 times now from having to buy a new iPhone and myself 3 times. YAY. We used to replace our iPhone screens about every couple months. Between my boyfriend and I we are extremely clumsy. My brother gave me one and since then we have bought four and they are absolutely amazing!  2 come in a package which is really nice.
 Love these screen protectors. Was really surprised by how they were sent, with all the wipes and everything needed to install the screen protector properly. I removed the plastic screen protector from my otter box case and installed the glass screen protector onto the phone screen. I liked it because it did not go all the way to the edges which make it possible to install the case without any issues. I have had it on for 2 weeks now, I am a mechanic so I am very tough on phones. No scratches, so far. I will be buying some for my wife’s phone to do the same.
 Got this for my 9 yr olds phone. He is careful with his things but he’s also 9. :) He has had the phone on his person since he opened it on Christmas and so far no drops, bumps, or breaks and the screen protector is still in tact.<br/><br/>Had good luck with these on previous devices,  so these are my go to brand.
 I'm now on my second one (thanks to my kids...and me... dropping the phone several times).  It does a great job protecting the screen.  Although the first one finally gave way, it was only the inexpensive screen protector that cracked and not the actual screen.  I'd say it does its job well and is a good investment!
 This item did not fit my Apple IPhone 6s (it was to narrow by at least 9/16").  The quality of the screen protector appears to be of high quality. The item was returned using Amazon's return process, thank you Amazon.
 This is my 2nd time purchasing these screen protectors. I recently dropped my phone and saw a crack on the screen - I wasn't sure if it was the protector or my screen, so I peeled the protector off (they're one time use). And sure enough, the protector worked! The crack was only in the protector, not on my phone screen. I immediately ordered another set to ensure my phone screen was protected asap. I didn't have any issues with the protector peeling. This protector comes with wipes to clean your screen before application, stickers to remove dust particles, and step by step instructions.
 Mostly satisfied with this screen protector. It is a good value. It went on easy enough. The only thing I've noticed that needs improvement is the edges of the protector lift a little. I'm guessing it is a hair to long and wide for the contours of the 6S screen. I'm worried they'll get dirt or lint under the edges and effect the protectors performance. Over all I'm pleased. Touch controls including 3D Touch work as expected.
 They came as advertised and I put one on my sons iPhone 7 and one on my phone. I put them on as the instructions said had trouble with alignment  on first one but was able to realign. This was my fault not the protector. Applied the other with no problems. They look and work great.i would definitely purchase again.
 great deal easy to use. Product maker reached out a few times to make sure I received my order promptly and understood how to use properly. Very helpful information in a video as well.
 For the second time, this screensaver has saved my phone screen. This time it was a fall on some rocks and snow.<br/>The screen saver - which I just took off the phone so I could replace it - looks like it should be saying "you should see the other guy!"<br/> Worth every bit of the patience needed to apply it ( actually very easy).
 For the price, this is too good to pass up. Packaging is amazing and you can tell that they took care to make sure the glass wasn't bent or crushed as the box it comes in is very sturdy. Came with cleaning cloth, wet and dry wipes and installing this was a breeze since it has 2 large tabs at the end to help you line it up before placing on the screen. I feel confident that this product will save my screen in case I drop it or any other mishap.
 I don't normally review things unless they either are really bad, or really good. In this case, this screen protector saved my iPhone 7. I dropped my phone on the asphalt and saw a crack from the corner to the middle of my screen. It turns out the screen protector took all the damage rather than my phone screen. Granted, I did have a raised edge phone case on it as well but product does its job! Plus they send you two in a pack so I have an extra one to replace the damaged one.
 This is the first time installing a protector with shower on.  I grabbed a chair went to bathroom cleaned screen and proceeded with instructions. It took me awhile to line up all of the cut outs, but in the end all went well.  Using  touch screen with protector for a few weeks it works well with out any problems. Great Protector. The one thing I did was put guide lines on the top side protector cover for easier alignment. It was hard for me to see the camera and earphone on phone through the cut outs for proper alignment. Still a great product.
 The protector went onto my new I-phone 8 very easily, thanks to the two "positioning tabs" on the front peel-off film.  The protector is straight and dust/bubble free... you cannot even tell that it's there.  They included a second "back-up" protector which I did not need, so I gave it to my son!
 So I received my screen protectors. Inside the box it came with a wet wipe,dry wipe, dust adhesive sticker and a cardboard card to push out the bubbles lastly instructions on how to put the screen protector. The application is easy and simple, I did it myself. Didn't even need instructions lol . Overall  The screen protector fits the screen size of my 6s and I find a tempered glass protector to be a MUsT .. Like forget the plastic ones.
 Really easy to apply, just follow the simple instructions.  Definitely apply in a more humid space, or you'll get dust underneath; I have one little piece of dust in the middle of the screen but I'm learning to calm my OCD and deal with it.  Make sure you are not using it on a cracked screen; I gave my friend the other screen protector that I didn't use, and it just bubbled with the cracks on his phone, even though there were few.  Good product overall, would definitely purchase again.
 Tempered glass is light years better than the plastic covers.  I bought this for my wife's iPhone 6s and it was really easy to install, the protective plastic on the glass comes with finger tabs on top and bottom so aligning it was really easy.  This kits glass is much smoother when dragging my finger across than the zagg glass on my 6s+.  Only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is that the edges on the 6s are not fully sticking, It isnt much, but just enough to bother my OCD like tendencies.  I didn't point it out to my wife and she hasn't noticed.  For the price point, it's the kit to get imo.
 This is my second set of these screen protectors for my iPhone 8.<br/>Pros:<br/>For the price they work fine<br/>My screen is protected<br/>Screen clarity is good<br/>Cons:<br/>I’ve had about 1/4th of the edge not adhere on all 3 protectors I’ve had on my phone.<br/>While it protects the screen, it seems to scratch easily from metal objects in my pocket
 This screen protector was very easy to put on my phone. I literally do not have one bubble on my phone. What makes it easy to put on is that it has tabs on the protector that help you perfectly put it on your screen without touching the phone or protector directly. The pack came with 2 protectors, the wipe cloth, tabs to smoothen the protector and more items were there that I don't use. I have a IPhone 7 and the screen protector fits great. It also make a very smooth clean feel on your screen. Great product at a great price! I highly recommend!
 I bought these for my new iphone 8. having had many expensive screen protectors that broke over basic things, I wanted a bit of a cheaper product to see how it worked and if they were worth it. they've done everything they said (keeping iphone scratch free, etc). I dropped the phone while hiking and it landed facedown on a rock. the screen protector took the hit and cracked but left the actual phone screen in still flawless condition. (the drop would have broken the $60 protectors you get at verizon/att so i'm not upset). overall they work just as well as the expensive ones and I even have a backup to replace the now broken ones.
 Reasonable price for a little extra protection. Easy to apply but be sure to follow instruction. Glad they sent two protectors because I got a few dust particles under the first protector and had to use the second protector.
 This screen protector does the job as advertised.<br/><br/>My phone fell out of my pocket onto a concrete driveway from a height of about three feet and took a good bounce. The screen protector had a bunch of pretty major cracks across the bottom half, but when I removed it my phone screen underneath was perfectly intact. Honestly, I was surprised, but couldn't have been happier!<br/><br/>Brilliant product, buy with confidence!
 I'm very happy with my new screen protector.  It was super easy to install and I like that there are two of them included in the package in case I break the 1st one!  Awesome price, too!  I used the Zagg Glass shield prior and it broke somehow when it landed on some mulch debris at the park. It's so nice to have a clean and smooth screen protector again!  Can't comment on the durability yet since I haven't dropped my phone on anything. :)
 Based off of other reviewers I had purchased this screen protector but in one months time I have had two screens crack WITHOUT dropping the phone.  Very disappointed as I am incredibly careful with my phone.  I guess the only positive is that they give you several screens but my guess that is because of this spontaneous cracking.
 Be careful when applying this to your phone and FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS. I bought one for my phone and one for my son's phone. He touched the adhesive side of the screen after removing the protective cover and we had to trash it. If you follow the directions EXACTLY as they are written and use the guide tabs it will go on seamlessly. The protector doesn't extend to the edge of the phone so make sure you buy a sturdy phone case to protect the edges. Very pleased with this purchase.
 Second time I dropped my phone and the screen protector cracked, not my precious expensive iPhone screen!!!!! I keep buying then and will continue to!!! Amazing. Peeling back the broken protector after a hard fall on the corner of a stool and it's totally protected. 2 pack is awesome. Once you drop and break the screen, put another on!<br/><br/>Easy to put on!!!! No bubbles!!!! So so easy and thick and smooth!
 UPDATE: the company sent me new ones and so far so good.<br/><br/>I had this for one day and my ring scratched the entire surface. I have used other products for 1-2 years and had no issues. I would not purchase again or recommend.
 The screen protector glass I ordered from TechMatte was perfect!  The package arrived quickly and was well protected.  The glass fit perfectly and was very easy to install.<br/><br/>TechMatte followed up with me after my order arrived to insure that I was completely satisfied.  Excellent product and customer service!!  I would definitely order from them again.
 2nd time I've ordered this item, does a good job. Protects screen well, holds up over time and is easy to apply.<br/><br/>Only negative is it retards the touch properties at times.  But I still recommend!
 I have these applied on two different devices and they definitely do a good job. I have dropped my phone on several different occasions and it has yet to crack, or even scratch for that matter. The only problem I encountered with this item was a few bubbles under the screen protector after applying it. I was very thorough in getting all the dust off but there was still bubbles around the edge. I recommend this item to anybody in need of a glass screen protector, I know I would rather have a few minor bubbles (this might be a rare issue) over spending 30-40 dollars for a glass screen protector elsewhere.
 this product is easy to assemble which was nice bcs in the past i had screen protectors which were impossible to get on, its picture quality is great and durability is alright, i dropped the phone a few times and on one of them i got a hairline fracture in the display, but the screen was fine so i guess it did its job. either way i am happy with it.
 I have dropped my phone multiple times and this screen protector does its job perfectly. My phone’s screen is still spotless (4 years after purchase and after probably 12 potential screen shattering drops). I have replaced many shattered screen protectors, but they are a good price and well worth it! I hope they make a size that fits the new pixel 3 soon, as I know this is a brand I can trust to keep my phone intact.
 I was walking around with scratched/cracked screen protector for months because I didn’t want to spend the $45 to get replacement at cell store. Thought I’d give these a try and PERFECT!!! Just wish I’d done it sooner.
 Protecting my phone well. Screen protector itself doesn't get scratched much which is good. At first was a little bit worried about how the sides were lining up with my phone because there was a little bit of rainbow halo at the edges which aren't too noticeable. But cannot do anything about that due to the natural curvature of the edges on the phone. Any wider of a screen protector would result in air bubbles. So this was good; the edges never bothered me. Only thing I wish would be better would be the cutouts at the top -- wish they were less sharp and more curved so that they wouldn't accumulate as much dust and dirt.<br/><br/>Overall great protector and worth the price.
 Great product at a great price.  The instructions are well thought out and the materials and packaging items are good quality.  I would not hesitate to buy this product again when needed.
 I had the screen protector for almost 2 years before it cracked from dropping the phone. Only the protector cracked, not the phone screen!  So I ordered a replacement and it’s super easy to install. No bubbles at all!!!
 Great protective cover. Much better than the flimsy ones, goes on very easily and leaves no bubbles.<br/><br/>Tried to get a picture of what it looks like after application, but pic is too dark. You'll see a tiny uncovered border between edge of this cover and edge of iPhone screen, but that may be reduced depending on your case. Mine is about an 1/10th inch. I'm very happy w it, and I like the fact that you get a spare.
 The glass is good, but I had a hard time getting it spaced on the button cut out.  I had to take it off several time to get it lined up correctly.  It was probably just old eyes and operator error.  I did end up cracking the corner trying to get the first screen back off.  If it was my phone, I would have probably left it alone, but I knew that would drive my wife crazy.
 I gave it 4 out of 5 stars only because I've never bought this brand before so the durability is untested.  Everything else about the experience, from purchase to installation was 5 stars.
 Great screen protector. Features I like: easy installation, just follow the directions: top layer plastic tabs to help with alignment; bubble free; nicely rounded-over edges to the glass so that it is very smooth to the touch around the edges. couldn't be better.
 Bought this product after my old screen protector finally bit the dust. I chose this one because of the reviews and the fact that it came with two protectors. The kit came with everything I needed and the screen fits my iPhone 6s perfectly! The instructions were easy to follow and I was able to replace my old protector with the new one in just a few minutes. Shipping was timely and it was easy to open the packaging. So far it’s been really durable too and has already survived a fall onto concrete, so I’ve been really pleased!
 This is the only brand of screen protector I trust. I’ve dropped my phone from as high up as about 4 feet onto the floor of my dorm room and also on wood floors and concrete and even though the protector cracks my screen is still spotless.
 It came as described. Seemed to serve its purpose of protecting the front screen. There's clear instruction on how to place it on your screen and the process was rather easy if you follow the instructions. It still shows great color and good sensitivity for the screen.<br/><br/>The reason I gave it 4 stars is that as expected it does not cover the entire front of your phone leaving small gaps on the side. I don't know if there exist other brands that can cover left to right completely but I do prefer for the protector to be designed this way. In addition, along the sides there's a strip of air I couldn't completely remove. I am not sure if it will dissipate eventually but so far it is there but it's actually barely noticeable.<br/><br/>Overall this seems to be a pretty good product. I did some research and this one came down to be my final decision. I think it's worth the money and I would recommend this product in spite of some minor flaws.
 Super easy screen to apply and sturdy. A must have for anyone with a smartphone. My daughter has broken every single phone she ever had. Now, with this screen protector and a good case, her last phone lasted the length of her 2 year contract and we upgraded it. Bought this protector for the new phone. She loves it.
 I had just purchased new iPhone 7 and while waiting on my case from Amazon, it fell out my pocket.  My first thought after picking it off the floor and seeing the cracks, well I have to put in a claim for the screen and that's money wasted.  Long story short.  After asking around I let my clerk talk me into taking off the screen protector.  To my surprise the screen on my new phone was not cracked.  This product does work.
 I've had one on my phone since I got it just over a year ago. I've dropped my phone countless times and I'm just now starting to notice cracks on the protector. Time to purchase more I guess.
 I love my screen protector.  It was so easy to apply.  I love that 2 came in package!  It's a great product, and I will buy again from you. In fact I'm buying some more on the 1st to have on hand  thank you, Debbie
 Not very often you get a product that is easy to install, looks great and does what it says it will do. Within 1 day of installing one of the protections I dropped my phone. The screen protector broke and looked like the screen was shattered, but to my surprise the screen was perfect. I installed the second screen in under 5 minutes and was on my way.
 This screen protector was easy to install without any bubbles and works great.  Seems like it will be durable.  And, it was about 1/3 of the price of a comparable protector at the Apple store.
 I've tried three or four different screen protectors, ranging from $3-$40 a piece, and these are by far the best for two main reasons:<br/><br/>1) It's the easiest to apply. They have fool-proof application tabs, and even hinge guide stickers if you deem them necessary (I was able to apply the protector easily without them). With one of the phones I wasn't completely happy with my alignment, and I was able to take the protector completely off and re-apply it without any complications. I'd recommend getting it right the first time, but that I was able to re-apply the protector without ruining it speaks to the product's quality.<br/><br/>2) It feels the best/most like the real thing. Some of the other protectors, even the tempered glass protectors, seem to feel "sticky" after long term use. With these, your thumbs will glide around the surface like a Russian figure skater.<br/><br/>Also, they're extremely affordable, and you get two! Apply one to your lover's phone and take those brownie points straight to the bank.
 It came with 2 glass screens. I dropped my phone and cracked the first screen, but did not crack my phone screen.  It has already paid for itself!  Fits well on the phone and does not impede usage of the phone. Don’t even realize that it is on. The gap around the edge is a little annoying, but otherwise great.
 Very happy with this! I dropped my phone and the glass screen shattered. At first I thought it was the screen itself and was very relieved to see it was just the protector. I’m impressed! It’s easy to put on and doesn’t interfere with use.
 This screen protector absolutely saved my phone earlier today. While at the gym, my headphones got entangled in the machine I was on, causing my phone to drop onto the stack of weights, while some were still lifted. Of course when I went to get off the machine to retrieve my phone, I lowered the other weights (about 35lbs), and the post they were on pressed directly onto my screen. When picking up my phone, I saw the pressure point, and the spiderwebs extending from it. However, by lifting up the screen protector, I could see that my phone's screen was fine, and only the protector was broken. Without the amFilm Screen Protector, my 5 week old iPhone 7 would have needed a new screen.<br/><br/>I have attached pictures of my phone with the screen protector still on it, and with the protector removed and to the side, so you can see the damage that was prevented.
 Even with cleaning my phone thoroughly, when I placed my 1st out of the 2 screen protector on my phone, it just had random air bubbles all over and would not stick to my phone. And there was no fuzz or anything on my phone. So I had to waist the 1st one and use the 2nd one. It’s better then the 1st one I put on but It still has air bubbles around the edge. But I don’t want to buy another one so it will have to do for now. But I’ve baught way better screen protectors and I’m not happy with this brand.
 Best and easiest application I've ever tried. They def got it right. Hope I don't have to test durability ie don't want to be dropping my phone. Only took a minute to apply. And no struggling with bubbles.
 I am actually re purchasing this again! I’m really clumsy, so I need a good screen protector. And these are amazing, especially for the price. They are also super easy to apply. The only thing that I’d say is a con, is if a crack is going from one side to another, the ends start to flake some glass. But other than that I would recommend!
 I bought these just after I got the screen fixed on my iPhone, they are amazing, I dropped my phone a bunch of times and the last time it cracked this protector pretty bad, but it protected my screen, not a scratch on it. It was a pain getting the broken one off though cause this is an actual glass screen protector so when it broke it was hard to get off cause the more you tryed to pry it off the more little shards of glass went all over. There are two in the box and very easy to put on.  I highly recommend these.<br/>I also have a caseology case on my phone
 This is my second time ordering and ive had a great experience thus far. The only thing is that this time around the screen protector i place has some kind of streaks. They arent scratches or air bubbles but they arent cleaning off. It hasn't intervened with my screen but they are definitely visible when my screen is off.
 Best screen protector ever - easy to install and for the first time, no dust or bubbles underneath. The video recommends doing it in a bathroom with a hot shower to eliminate dust which I did. Love how it looks on, like a glass bubble perfectly fitted over the screen.
 The screen protector did not stay down around the edges. I followed all the directions on how to apply the screen protector but it didn't stick around the edges. Shortly after applying the screen protector, I pressed it down around the edges but it would pop right back up. As for the durability of the product, it seems to be ok. However, only time will tell how well it actually protects my screen. My concern is that dirt and dust will get under the edges and it will come off in a short time.
 I just received and installed on my phone.  I have done this on numerous phones, it's easy, quick, and I personally like the way this one fits the phone.  No, it doesn't go all the way to the edges, but with a curved screen it seems to make sense.  I would advise you make sure to clean the screen very, very well, and even TINY pieces of dust will cause problems!
 The kit has everything covered, including cleaning wipes, a small squeegee and easily detachable film covers for the adhesive side. The new covers restore the clarity and brilliance of the screen and took just a minute or two to do it.
 This seems like a great phone cover in general, however I expected it to cover the entire front of the phone (I have an iphone7). The cover fits across the screen, around the home button, and around the camera, but does not extend to the edge of the "white" around the phone. I have a crack in that portion that I was hoping to cover and it doesn't reach. It also looks a bit silly as it looks too small for the phone. Overall, it should protect my phone well, but I was hoping for a better fit.
 I was able to achieve a perfect application of this screen protector, the SECOND time.  I highly recommend taking their advice to apply it in a humid environment like right after a shower. Just follow the steps like they recommend, and you'll get a perfect application.
 The installation was super easy.  I was worried that I wouldn't be ale to get the screen protector on as good as the cell store.  Well I was pleasantly surprised at how easy it was.<br/>A tip that maybe useful is..... Use a couple strips of packing tape to clear off the screen.  The kit does include some sticker that are used to get the fine dust and fingerprints off the screen prior to placing the screen cover.  However the packing tape does a much better job of getting the screen extra clean.
 Very satisfied with my purchase! Ive always paid average $40 for each tempered glass protector so when buying this product I was not expecting It to be comparable in quality because of the price..I was wrong. Yes the product is a little smaller than the screen but they specify that it's because of the curved edges on the iphones to avoid lifted edges. It's a great fit! Seems just as sturdy as my past protectors. The application process is the same. Very simple and they provide detailed directions and an instructional video. Icing on the cake... you get two protectors! In case you mess up first application..I gave extra one to a friend. Price and quality can't be beat!
 It definitely saved my screen when I dropped it. Multiple times. I always have one on my phone now.<br/>When you drop your phone kind of hard, the screen protector will shatter, so you will have to replace it.<br/>For this price, it is exactly what I want.
 If I could give them no stars I would.  I had this screen "protector" on my phone for 3 days when I accidentally dropped it and not only did the "protector" shatter but my screen did so now I'm stuck paying for a new screen for my phone but they did give me the $8 back I paid...woo hoo.
 Excellent high quality screen protector at only a fraction of the cost of the "big names"!  These are crystal clear &amp; go on super easy!  Cleaning wipes and microfiber cloth included as well as some cool dust removal stickers.  I bought a two pack for new upgraded phones, installed them in mere minutes, and they look GREAT!  These protectors are top notch!  I'll definitely be seeking these out again!  Thanks TechMatte for helping protect my phone and going easy on my wallet!!  HIGHLY recommended!
 I bought this as a christmas gift to myself in 2017. I wasn't sure how I felt about it upon opening. Then, on New Years, I dropped a candle on my phone (don't ask) and there were two HUGE cracks on the screen. I was sure my phone was ruined - and it was a bring new phone!<br/><br/>I left the broken screen on until today, February 10th 2018. I decided to finally take the screen protector off, knowing that underneath my brand new iphone would be cracked.<br/><br/>The phone was in perfect condition. No cracks, scratches, or imperfections anywhere!<br/><br/>This product does what it's suppose to and then more. I can't recommend enough!
 The product comes as advertised.  I like the fact that there are two protectors, as eventually all protectors break down as they save the phone's face.  The instructions to install are very good and thorough, easy to follow, and allow the installation to go on without a problem.  I haven't had it long enough to know it's durability, but I have no reason to believe that won't hold up.
 Works great and comes with everything you need. It comes with 2 protectors so I gave one to my boyfriend.  It was super easy and fast to install.  I'm thinking about buying another, but mine still looks great and it's been 2 months and I've already dropped the phone a couple of times.  I would highly recommend.
 It is a full screen cover but it really only covers the flat area.  There is an area about 1/16 of an inch that does not touch the glass and it begins to collect dust.  It looks nasty.  Also, I dropped my phone from three feet up and the protector shattered completely.  I though it too easy for the hardness.  It served its purpose but if you ask me it is better to use the regular size screen protector.
 This screen protector provides is as hard as my previous JETech.  But the thing about it that amazes me is the screen stays clean. It really does!  I have oil in my skin and the JETech was always covered with it after some use, and it took some rubbing to get it off--even using a glasses cleaning-cloth.  I've had this protector on for a couple of weeks and it looks like I've never handled it.  I don't consciously recall ever wiping it (maybe I have, but it must have been easy) and it does not have any oil or anything else on it right now after several hours use. It's like Teflon. Follow the directions and it's easy to install with no bubbles, and lined up perfectly. BTW, I dropped it once and no damage.  FYI, I paid for them.
 Quick ship, easy to apply, and loved that there are 2 of them.. but mine started chipping on the corner the day after I placed it.  The chip doesn't necessitate putting a new one on, but it was disappointing to see a chip starting barely a day after I replaced my old, shattered protector. So far, 2 months later -  it's held up and the chipping hasn't gotten any worse.
 I like the ease of application. I typically have trouble getting rid of the bubbles and usually have one or two remaining. When I put on the screen protector, I did have bubbles but they were all smoothed out. There was a particularly big bubble that I couldn't smooth out, so I carefully raised up a corner until it reached that bubble. No problems when I did that! So far, happy with it and I'm glad there's a spare.
 The concept is really nice. The two that I installed on our two iPhonesworked pretty well except for some stubborn air bubbles near the top on one and the bottom on the other. No amount of squeegeing made a difference. However, 98% of the screen is perfectly clear and hopefully protected.
 Very easy to apply - I love the stick on protectors, I hate the ones you have to apply with water. I didn't apply it to the exact middle of the screen, but I got very close. I do see some lifting on the edge that's closer to the side, but I know that's due to the rounded sides of the iphone. I will update if I incur any "accidents" to my phone and let you know if it really did protect the screen (I have no doubt that it will).
 I’ve bought other screen protectors before and this one rates right up there with the best. Excellent quality and the easiest of all to install. The tabs on each end allows you to gently set it down in the exact right place. Then you slowly peel the protective film off.<br/>Presto!  You’re done.
 These protectors are really really good. Inside the box you will find two screen protectors each with a dry cleaning wipe and a wet cleaning wipe, a pack of 6 "amFilm" dust removal/hinge stickers a hard plastic card for pushing out air bubbles, and a installation &amp; use guide. This is my second time buying these because I ended up getting dust in my speaker so i took my old one off and bought more. I will continue to buy these for every smart phone I get. Simple to install. They look great, and their priced fair. 10/10 would recommend
 We've been using this brand of screen protectors for about a year now. I'd never go back to the higher priced brand. These are extremely high quality, very easy to apply without bubbles, and protect very well. I drop my phone a lot, and I don't even get chips or cracks on the screen protector much less my actual screen. Excellent value.
 Working great. Fits screen exactly as stated by all of the glass screen protectors for 6s. It covers all the area of the lit up screen, but not around the rounded edges-- same as all the others due to the curved screen.  It went on very/easily smoothly with using the sticker hinge method. No bubble issues at all under the screen.<br/>No trauma to the phone screen yet, but as far as a solid screen goes-- this seems will work as well as any other well made strong/resistant screen protector.<br/>Very pleased.
 I love this product. It is the second time I've bought it.  It comes with two pieces of glass. It fits my iPhone 6s perfectly.  And it is very easy to get perfect alignment. But the one thing I wish they had was the dust removal sticker. They give you an alcohol wipe and a dry wipe but I would like to see a low-stick dust removal sticker to remove dust particles after you've already cleaned it once.  Other than that it's really a fantastic product.
 Covers around 90% of the screen. I got some dust particles during installation 😒. Once install looks very clear...<br/><br/>Update after one week.<br/>All the air bubbles and dust particles have desapear I really like the feel and looks of this glass protector. My little son found my phone on the couch and was playing around on the floor with the phone screen down on the floor only the screen protector got scratched I will purchase another one.
 Super easy to put on.  No bubbles.<br/><br/>Update 8-14-17 - noticed over the weekend that the protector has a crack in it.  I haven't dropped my phone as far as I can remember so I have no idea how the protector is already broken. While I'm happy it's the protector and not the screen, I would have expected it to last more than a couple of months.
 Came in time and boxed safely. If you don’t know how to adjust it to your phone, please watch tutorials on YouTube before you do so. I had a havoc night to cope with installing it, so I waste two tampered glasses with no purpose. The glasses themselves fit well to your screen, however, there is an issue with the projection at the edges of the glass as if it is rainbow or prisma. And sometimes it bothers.
 I like the fact that the touch is very smooth and it's very easy drag the fingers around on the screen, but it chips/cracks much easier than the other screen protectors I've used. The hole around the front face camera allows it to collect dust and dirty and becomes more difficult to clean. Had to replace it quickly.
 Thanks to clear instructions and prep supplies included with this two pack of screen protectors installation was quick and successful. Follow the easy instructions carefully and you will have a good result too. I would recommend this product.
 I really like the glass screen protector over the old plastic films.  Less finger snugged screen, don't scratch as easy as the films do. The only thing I don't like about this screen protector is that the dimensions might be a little large for the flat surface of the screen as the edges appear as though the are peeling off slightly but it's barely noticible.  However, it could be that I installed it incorrectly. Overall great product and you get two screen protectors for a low price. I used the second one on my wife's iPhone 7.
 Very satisfied with my purchase.<br/>This screen protector was easy to put on and no air bubbles.<br/>It gets four stars cause I don't know if it will protect m phone from a fall. That's fine, it's just a precaution but it should be fine. I don't have butter fingers.
 I went to Walmart and was going to purchase a screen protector for my phone. It would have been the same price as this. The one at Walmart was just a plastic sheet and it did not have an opening for the camera lens, the speaker, or the main button. Instead, I ordered this one off of amazon that is tempered glass, is shaped to the phone screen in order to not obstruct the features, and came with everything needed to install it easily and properly.
 I bought a new OtterBox for my iPhone 8 and wasn't impressed with the screen cover so I replaced  with amFilm and the quality and durability is excellent. At first, it seemed the highly detailed instructions, including suggestion to view YouTube video and screen prep materials was overkill, but it's a must considering the adhesive won't allow you a do-over and the placement over the camera and speaker holes must be precise. Great product.
 I’ve been using my phone without a screen protector for months and had no problems, and I’ve now had this one on my iPhone 6s for less than a month and my screen has cracked at the top and all the way through the center. The screen protector itself is completely fine and without a scratch, while my phone’s screen underneath is cracked right across. How is it that my phone has only cracked after using a screen protector, which didn’t even break?
 Fits my new iPhone 7 perfectly.  SOOOO much cheaper than the ones they tried to upset me on at the store.  I'm not a tech person and I have never been able to put on a screen protector without leaving huge bubbles, but I followed the instructions and this came out beautifully.  (Took about 2 min).  HIGHLY recommended.
 Great product! seems durable and it was easy to apply. I got it for the Iphone8 and it does fit. However like its mentioned in their description, it barley fits the screen. So the is a tiny thin area of the screen that us not covered ( but its not a big deal). For the price its a great price! this is the 1st screen protector that i have gotten &amp; had no air bubbles!! so i was really impressed (:
 After 1 1/2 years of quiet duty, my screen protector cracked while fulfilling its mission to protect my iPhone.  My husband reminded me that there was a lifetime warranty (one full replacement on the original purchase), so I located my order #, went to the website, and after submitting my information on a Wednesday night, had a replacement by Saturday morning.
 I just got a new I phone8. There are tons of screen protectors on Amazon for IPHONE. I’ve bought the very expensive ones at the Att store and AMfilm is equal in quality as the 40-50 dollar protectors.  Comes with everything you need to put on and it’s a breeze to apply. 5 Stars
 The customer service representative at the Apple Store recommended this product.  I have had the screen protector glass in place for only two days, but, based on the ease of installation, the clarity of the screen, and my sense of safety with the iPhone, I am extremely pleased.  Do the obvious and align the openings on the phone with the glass (I didn't at first) and your installation won't take but 2-3 minutes.  This is an excellent product!
 Great product!  My old iPhone had a screen protector that had a lot of bubbles.  The instructions on the TechMate glass protector included detail instructions and tips for a perfect install.  The video also illustrated the instructions to the 'T'.
 This items is amazing.  Dropped by phone on rock and it landed face down.  Upon turning the phone over my entire screen what shattered but it was just this cover.  Ordered another one immediately.  No need to pay such high prices for other competitors when this screen protector is better than most!
 Very good for the price. Stays in place.No bubbles. Forgiving when i put it on crooked i was able to pull up and re position, Oleophobic coating lasts very long time. I bought my first ones in October and just replaced Because I dropped and cracked the corner a little. Didn't really need to replace but I'm picky and the chip bothered me. The only thing i thought was kinda not necessary was the hole for the front camera.It is a clear glass. But all in all. Great Product
 Easy to install, no bubbles and after a month not a mark even with car keys, pens and pencils in and out of the pocket. I would definitely take your time to clean the screen and remove dust with included stickers. No rushing. It was a snap.
 This is my 3rd purchase of this screen protector. Never has my phone screen cracked with this on my phone. Just last night I dropped my phone from the second story of my house, screen protector shattered, no damage to phone. Product does what it is supposed to do.
 I really love the screen with this protector on it. I had problem putting on the first time, luckily there were two in the package so I put the other one on. I did cut my fingers a bit trying to put it on, so be careful the edges are sharp! I loved it so much, I order one for my Ipad.
 Excellent protection for your iPhone. This product has saved my phone more times than I can count! Because I drop my phone a lot, I have purchased these protectors at least 6 times and they never fail me. I highly recommend!
 I installed this on my Iphone 8 3 weeks ago and it is still in place without areas that look to be releasing from the screen. I was able to install without any problems with one try, just take your time. I cannot speak to durability yet since I have been using it for 3 weeks. Based on my experience, I have also ordered one for my sons new phone
 I don't usually write reviews but I wanted to share my experience with this screen protector. I have had it on my iPhone for about 4 months (along with an otterbox clear back case) and this past weekend I had my trunk open and I had set the phone inside the ledge. My husband went to go and close the trunk and the phone stopped it from closing.  I thought for sure the screen would be cracked but the protector was partially shattered and when I removed it the screen on my iPhone was perfect. I was really amazed at how strong it was. I put the second one on immediately and I'm ordering another set in case I need it in the future. I would highly recommend this product.
 Not only is this a great product but the true appreciation came when I stupidly dropped my phone, knocked the film and amFilm replaced it for FREE. My phone is scratch free. Can’t recommend this company enough; standing behind their product.<br/>Thank you ; wish there was a button for unlimited STAR rating because that’s what I would give you !!
 Replaced my shattered glass protector originally from Verizon. This amfilm is identical and was easy to install. Followed directions accordingly and edges aren’t sticking as good as I like on both iPhone 8’s but it’s on there! I Would recommend. Would have gaven it 5 Stars if it stuck 100%. See pic
 We shall see how it protects.  I'm sure it will.  Of course it is really hard to get these things on perfectly and I am a perfectionist.  I noticed the glass wanted to fall off as I was attempting to line it up over the phone.  It's tricky with any of these.  I am pleased with the purchase for the price.  Verizon wanted $40 bucks for the same thing.  lol
 It's working great except that the protector glass is slightly larger than my iPhone 7 screen and does not contour to the curvature of the phone. Consequently there is about an 1/8 of an inch area around the edge of the glass that will not adhere to my screen. I expect this to collect dirt and eventually cause the protector to fail.
 This screen protector does its job well. I dropped my phone on the street, and it landed face down on a stone. The screen should have cracked, but the protector cracked instead. Underneath, everything was just like brand new.<br/>Unlike other screen protectors I've used, this one is very easy to put on without bubbles forming beneath the glass. The kit comes with everything you need to get the screen immaculately clean and dust-free before application. The size isn't quiet perfect - there's a small gap around the edge where my phone case and the screen protector don't align, but it that hasn't caused me any problems yet. All in all, I'm very satisfied with this product.
 I loved that the package came with all of the necessary items to properly clean and prep my screen and that the application was so easy. The tabs to allow me to put the screen right on the phone without worrying about touching the adhesive side were particularly nice! It was really hard to line up the cut outs for the speakers and button though. Might I suggest lining the cut outs with a little color so I can use my peripherals to line up both sides of the cut outs instead of aligning one end then looking down and adjusting, looking back up again, etc? Just a thought for future products ;) Thank you for a great product!
 Easy installation with virtually no air bubbles to squeegee &amp; crystal clear.  Has survived multiple drops but when one unfortunate accident happened, the protector took the damage, not the phone screen.  I have these protectors on 3 phones and everyone loves them.  The kit comes with everything you need: cleaner, squeegee, lint tape, detailed instructions and the screen protector.  As a bonus, they're based in my hometown!
 These work perfectly and are super easy to apply if you follow the directions (or you've done it before). $30 for one Verizon brand, $50 for some other name brand in their store, under $8 on Amazon. Excellent value!!
 I wish it was a tad bit bigger, it barely covers the screen area on the sides. First I though it's kind of thick, but after dropping my phone over tile, the protector broke but my phone was spotless .... I’m supper happy with it !!! I ordered a second and third time.
 This product comes with all the tools necessary to ensure success when putting the glass onto your phone screen such as wet wipes and dry wipes, a cleaning cloth, and stickers to get the dust off. They make it pretty-pain free to install, however, one thing I noticed post-placing the glass on my screen is that the adhesive on the bottom side of the glass will catch around the edges. For example, after installing the glass, I used the cloth that came with to wipe my finger prints and some dust off the top of the screen, and the fibers from the wipe got stuck around the edges of the glass, creating a sticky cloth fiber adhesive mixture, which has now crept up under the glass, forming bubbles on parts of the outer-edge of the glass. I could not push these bubbles out. Since my iphone is black and has a black border, these bubbles were very noticeable whether the phone is on or off. It drove me nuts, so I did attempt #2 with the second glass that came with, recleaned my phone and redid all the steps, but this time afterwards I did NOT use the cloth they provided, but actually gently used the wet wipe they provided to perfect it. All is okay in the world. I am now happy. Bottomline: the glass looks great, feels great, tools that came with were great, just DO NOT clean around the edges with any type of cloth. It will catch on the adhesive and mess things up.<br/><br/>If you found this review helpful, please click "Yes"! Thank you!
 I'm very impressed how considerate this product is. It includes two films in case you fail one, two wet wipes, two dry wipes, dust remove stickers and an instruction. I did it according to their instruction and got no bubble at all. The only issue is that iPhone7 screen is a little curved at the edge so the film got air at the edges. But it's the design of iPhone 7 and I guess it's inevitable.
 I ordered this for my oldest for Christmas and it fit great. I liked it so much I ordered more for my phone and my younger child’s phone. Unfortunately the second pack I got did not fit either phone (which are the same size as my oldests phone) as good as the first set fit my oldest’s. It has a gap on one side and the cut out for the circle is also off leaving it odd to use my fingerprint. Super bummed I seem to have gotten a defective one.
 The product was delivered as promised in undamaged packaging. Installation video link came with the order which was helpful and reinforced the directions on the package. Installation was quick and easy, a better experience than a much more expensive well-known product. Screen clarity is great, retaining the excellent brilliance of the iPhone 6s screen w/o a protector and no reduction in the touch screen response.
 I love this glass screen protector. It's a tiny bit smaller than the face of my iPhone 7, but that hasn't been a problem. The clarity is great and the application was far superior to others I've tried. They always ended up with a tiny bubble here or there ... not this one. It is perfect!
 First screen protector that I ever applied successfully.  The little tabs on the ends for holding make all the difference.  I just held the thing near the phone and it jumped on there by itself!  The thing sucked itself right onto the phone. No bubbles, wrinkles, spots or fingerprints. Love it.
 Dropped my Iphone 6s directly on tile without a case and it landed flat, face down and made the typical crunch sound of a screen breaking.  I was SURE there was NO way the screen survived...  but the screen protector was shattered and not a scratch on the screen of my brand new phone!  Peeled it off and put the 2nd one on.  DONE!  I'm a believer and now a loyal customer.
 So when I got this the price was perfect for the quality of the screen protector. But while installing the product I noticed that the adhesive on the screen protector stuck really bad to the sides of the screen. I am very disappointed in the product because I used both of the screen protectors and both of them had the same problem. Update customer service was excellent and mailed me a new pack of the screen protectors. I tried these out and they worked flawlessly. Thank you very much.
 Overall I'm happy with the product.  I thought that it was a little challenging to get the protector on just right and even now it sits slightly off on my phone, but not enough for me replace it.  It doesn't come with stickers for placement.  You just sort of lay it down on your phone, so you have to have a very steady hand to get it on just right.
 The material is durable, it's very clear and does not disrupt the touchscreen.  What impressed me the most was the ease of a fast, straight application.  The protector glass has tabs on either end making it easy to handle during the application.
 I have purchased many protectors, but this one is stellar!  Very easy to install and I didn't even watch the video.  It offers protection for my phone just like the more expensive ones I've used but I got two in this package and to me that's a steal!  Thank you!
 I really had high hopes for this, but it kind of fell short in terms of fit. The sides of the iPhone 7 are a little curvy so the edges of the protector do not make full contact with the screen. I'm a little worried it may peel off. It seems that these overhangs would trap a lot of dust underneath it as time goes by. It's too much of a hassle to try to return this, but I will be seeking one that fit better.
 This is the first glass screen protector I've tried on my iPhone and I have no complaints. It was easy to apply, it's staying in place just fine and I've dropped my phone quite a few times with no consequence. Totally worth it to protect your phone!
 This was extremely easy to put on my cell phone. I usually struggle with this sort of thing, but the instructions and tools made it a breeze. I’ll definitely purchase again.
 My wife and I just recently purchased our first iPhones. Our son suggested these Screen Protectors. Having dealt with screen protectors on our previous cell phones, we were hoping for something better and easier to use. These were Both of those and are at least twice the thickness of ones we've used in the past.
 Initially I ordered the wrong size, accidentally selecting iphone 6s rather than the Samsung s6 I needed. The return process and was very quick and painless, I had my refund within days. I reordered the correct size immediately. It arrived within 3 days. The package was easy to open, the instructions were very clear and easy to follow. It came with everything I could need and more to insure a good, dust-free, bubble-free placement.<br/>Of course, how well it protects remains to be seen as I have only had it 24 hours. Based on everything else, I have the utmost confidence!
 hard to tell differences in screen protectors;HOWEVER, big deal about this, other than Wirecutter recommends it, is that it is easy to apply-easier than the others I have used.
 This was by far the easiest screen protector to install that I have ever run across.  You can actually line it up before it starts to stick to your phone.  The product was shipped and received on time, no issues.  YEAH!!!
 The screen was exactly what thought it would be and is working well, through it was a bit harder to get all the air bubbles out as I thought it should be but it may be me. I tried  both pieces because I trouble with the first one, eventually got a piece to lay down how I wanted it, again the trouble I had would have been just me
 I have the product on my iPhone 8 for2 days and there’s a noticeable scratch already on the protective screen. My phone has not dropped or had anything sharp ie keys etc near it. Shocked that I will need to change the covering much sooner than I could ever anticipated.  I’ve never had this happen before with a cover before, more than a bit disappointed.
 Love this product! I MUST FOR KIDS/TEENS. My 12 yr old received her first phone (iPhone 7) on her birthday. We immediately ordered this glass back. The tempered glass is much easier to place and center on the screen of the phone, unlike the clear laminate type screen covers. In less than a week, my daughter dropped her phone! The screen did NOT BREAK or CRACK, however, the screen protector did crack!!!! Yay! The tempered glass did it's job! In the past we have paid for Otterbox and Lifeproof cases. We had items break in these cases. Guess what? OTTERBOX nor LIFEPROOF will replace your item or your case! STOP wasting money...buy these protectors and a cheap phone case! The tempered glass does not affect the touchscreen on any iPhone we have used them on...iPhone 6,6s and the 7. We now have these on 7 phones!
 Don't usually write reviews, but this is a wonderful product.  I cleaned the iPhone screen, lined up the screen protector, set it on the phone, &amp; it virtually applied itself to the screen.  I sat &amp; watched it seal to the screen.  It was AWESOME!!!  I had just put a screen protector on an iPad mini &amp; was ready to throw it through the window by the time I got the bubbles out, etc.  It still has imperfections on the protector.  If you want ease of application, get this screen protector.l
 I was excited to receive these since they have so many reviews and still maintain an average of 4 stars. Upon receiving them, they came well packaged with a variety of items to prep your phone.<br/><br/>Keep in mind: I've installed at least 12 screen protectors in my life. I own the 6s. I am always in a dust free environment.<br/><br/>The edges dont stick down at all. Ive done so much for it but it will not stick down. Disappointed.
 Kit includes material to clean phone screen, which is nice.  Screen protector is easy to install.  After installing the first one, however, I noticed a speck or an imperfection in the glass.  I tried to pull off and clear, but once you take it off you cannot reinstall.  I tried the second screen protector and found a similar imperfection in a different spot.  These were definitely not dust on the phone.  Disappointed and will try other brand in the future.
 Exactly what I was looking for in a glass screen protector.  Package came with everything you need to get your phone clean and dust free for installation. When I had an issue with one of the protectors, I contacted the seller and they were quick to respond and were very helpful. There have been a couple of accidental phone drops but no damage was done!  I'll definitely purchase from them again for future needs and definitely recommend this screen protector.
 I have ordered these before and they are a quality product.  Clear, adheres good and protects the screen well.  The fit is good and easy enough to use for anyone to handle.  10/10 would recommend and use again.
 This home has teenagers and we keep a few on hand. I don’t mind spending a few $/film to save expensive phones !! Easy to install ~ bought for my work IPad, too. Yep, 3 iPhones and 1 iPad. Thank you amTech!
 This product and company is amazing. I currently bought this product for myself and it has protected my phone immensely. I just recently accidentally dropped something on my phone (and the screen protector), and it cracked just slightly, but my phone was completely fine. When I contacted the company about the incident, they were very fast in responding (within minutes of my email) and super helpful. They ended up sending me a replacement for free, due to their lifetime warranty for this product. If you are looking for a screen protector that will not only protect your phone like it should, but a company that is ready to back up its word and product and provide superior customer service, look no further. You will not be disappointed, I guarantee it.
 Let me preface this by saying, 1) I am terrible at putting these things on and 2) It was my first experience with the curved screen on the iPhone 7.<br/><br/>I did not realize that this was a 2 pack of protectors. Out of habit, I bought 2 of them because I always screw the first attempt up. I got 4 of them and managed to get one on that was serviceable on the 3rd attempt.<br/><br/>PROS:<br/>► Packaged very nicely. I always appreciate professional packaging and in this case, not only is the packaging very professional, its obviously packaged in a manner to eliminate any contamination in the process of packing, shipping, opening and using.<br/>► Plenty of tools included to make the job as painless as possible: Wet/Dry wipes, microfiber cloth, air bubble scraper thingy (yes, that is the technical term for it) and an ample supply of dust removal stickers.<br/>► Fits well, I didn't have any of the issues with sizing mentioned in the comments. If there was an issue with shipping the wrong size, they got it right for mine.<br/>► Doesn't appear to impact screen movement, 3D Touch or any other interactions with the touchscreen at all.<br/><br/>CONS:<br/>► Instructions could be a bit more granular, i.e. How to use the wipes effectively, what the dust stickers are for and how to use them, etc.
 First review but I’ll make it concise.<br/>-The cut on the top corner is for the 6/S because it covered a sensor on my 8, and although I didn’t think it affected it, it was weird that it had a dip in the middle of the top border of the protector when there was no sensor on that part of the iPhone 8.<br/>-Last concern is that I had trouble typing and pressing stuff, meaning that it affected the surface of the phone.<br/>I was going to give a 1 star for me, but it may be different for iPhone 6/S.
 I was satisfied it fit my neices iphone 6 but definitely no match for my iphone 8. it was too small for anything past an iphone 6 sized screen. I would suggest changing your product details to specify only for iphone 6's it's misleading and  i purchased it thinking i could cover 2 phones not just 1. so now i need to make another purchase to get one for an iphone 8. the product itself pretty good, no issues as of yet.
 Update: I've had two of these screen protectors break from dropping my phone without causing any damage to the actual screen. Definitely worth the peace of mind and protection.<br/><br/>I had previously been using thin film screen protectors on my iPhone 7, but after constant scratches and smudging, I decided to switch to tempered glass. Now, the screen is much harder to scratch and also feels nicer to touch—more similar to the naked iPhone screen. At a relatively minor price difference between the thin film and tempered glass, it's worth making the upgrade.<br/><br/>As mentioned, the iPhone 7 screen protector does not cover the entire phone surface but with a case on, I haven't had any issues.
 This is definitely the best iPhone screen protector we have tried. It doesn’t on SO easy, especially compared to the old plastic ones. These are also very durable. If I drop my phone, it does a great job protecting it. I have had a couple of bad drops, where this will crack but is still usable, but most importantly it does not crack my actual phone screen! Great protection at a great price. Will definitely buy again!
 Easy install on my iPhone 8, no bubbles. Both protectors came without any damages so that was awesome as I’ve heard other have received them damaged. For the price you can’t get a better deal. Strong and don’t feel flimsy at all, I am very confident that they will be able to take whatever abuse we might encounter.
 Very easy to install compared to other products.  Have not had any scratches yet.  The only reason I didn't rate a 5, was that I had some problems with the fingerprint scanning after I put this product on.  I had to re-set up the fingerprints, and still don't always get a full read.  Other than that, the product is great!
 This is the first tempered glass screen protector I've ever used. I'm very impressed with the quality and easy installation. I used to buy those sticker screen protectors that would have bubbles when installed. The best feature is how the protector doesn't cover the entire screen up to the edge. It leaves some clearance so that the edges do not raise especially while using a case.
 I just got iPhone 8 and bought this last week with the belief that it would be as durable at the other 9h tough glass products I have used. I am rather disappointed as the glass cracked in my pocket when I crouched down to look at something. Very disappointed in the durability of it. The packaging and the application materials were excellent in helping me attach it to my phone I am just sad that the actual product did not live up to expectations.
 Amazing screen protector! I managed to install it on my 6s without any bubbles or blemishes like I’ve had in the past with other screen protectors. Make sure that you follow the instructions and clean the screen throughly before application. I haven’t dropped my phone yet so can’t attest to the durability but the feel and clarity of this protector is the best I’ve seen and you don’t even know it’s there.
 I had no problem putting it on. Good quality for the price. Plus it came with a second one as well so when this one gives out I have a backup. Overall I’d buy it again when I need another.
 This appears to be a great product.  GREAT PRICE and easy to install.  Because I haven't had these on my phones long enough to know how well the screen actually wears or protects my phone screen, I cannot give you 5 stars.  Ask me in a year for the fifth star but in the mean time, I would recommend this product.
 Bought this for 13 year old daughter’s first phone. Directions were easy, installation was a breeze and she has no issues with it at all. I am very confident this will protect her screen!
 This product has saved my phone from countless drops! When I drop it, the crack occur on the actual screen protector and not the glass on my phone! It’s a lifesaver. I just ordered another one because the protector cracked. I’m should also mention that I use the otter box commuter series case, so maybe that contributes as well. In any case, I love this protector!
 Great value for the price! I got a new phone a few months ago and was talked into purchasing a pricey screen protector with a “lifetime” guarantee for $59.99. Within 3 months of normal wear, that thing was cracked in three different places.<br/>This screen protector was much cheaper, went on very easily and looks exactly like the pricey one.
 Awesome price &amp; easy to install.<br/>Just follow directions &amp; you’re all set!<br/>Mine even came with an alcohol prep, dry cloth &amp; other materials to help clean my phone up before applying a new screen.
 After reading the instructions and cleaning the phone carefully, I put on the first cover and went to work on getting all the bubbles out.  Unfortunately, the cover would not stick at the edges of the screen protector.  Later I had a friend try and put on the second cover in the pack, which was even more of a dud.  On this one, the entire corner of the screen protector wouldn't stick on the phone.
 This item was easy to apply. One thing this company did that wowed me was the tutorial for those who maybe new to applying their own protector. I appreciate them for thinking of all their future customers.
 The installation of this iPhone 7 screen protector was easy.  The package comes with two protectors, two sets of wet and dry wipes to clean your screen, a card to push out bubbles, a small dust cloth,  and easy to follow instructions for installation.  The screen protector itself has a peel off backing along with a second protective covering on top with tabs so no problems with it sticking to your fingers and causing a mess.  I also received an email after purchase with a You Tube video link to assist in the installation.  It took me about 2-5 minutes with most of that time cleaning the screen to prep for installation.  Highly recommend this product - especially for the price point.  You won't be disappointed.
 Proof you don't have to spend a lot to get a lot. These covers are exactly like the more expensive one's I've had in the past. 10/10 would recommend. (Used on Iphone 7)
 It was very hard to insall protector. I consider myself very tech savvy but both protectors were difficult to install. Leaving the edges lifted all around the screen. I followed all the steps. The middle stuck well and was clear and responsive to touch. If you don’t care for a slight ring around your screen it seems like it will keep your phone safe
 Awesome product. I purchased this after first purchasing another brand. This other brand was a complete joke. Receiving the amFilm screen protector was a breath of fresh air. The packaging was sleek and everything arrived perfectly fine in the amazon bubble envelope. The wet wipes were indeed wet and worked well to clean off the phone. The instructions were easy to follow and the product was applied without any air bubbles. Having a second handy “just in case” is a bonus.
 I'm on my 2nd one, and the 1st one did it's job. I dropped my 2 day old iPhone 7 and thankfully the screen protector did it's job, breaking in 2 places, but protecting the phone from getting any mark at all. I'd give it 5 starts if the screen protector were a little wider however. Unless you get it 100% perfectly positioned it isn't wide enough. If it were 1-2 mm wider it would get 5 stars.
 The screen protector was surprisingly easy to install. The kit included everything I needed to clean the screen thoroughly. The screen protector itself had film on both sides. After removing the film from the side that adhered to the phone screed, the top film had 'handles' that allowed me to position the protector accurately. I've used other screen protectors on previous phones an this one was the easiest to install. It looks great and works well as if it's not even there.
 This product works great it’s came with a lot of things to help you put it on and clean the phone to make sure you don’t leave any finger prints or air bubbles! You can’t beet the price.
 I like this product. It's easy to see through so it doesn't affect the use of the phone. Of course, I haven't purposefully dropped my phone to see how it protects my screen. My only piece of advice is to READ THE DIRECTIONS BEFORE you apply the screen protector. I did it wrong the first time with poor results. Maybe that's why they sell them two at a time - for people like me.
 I have had this glass screen protector on my iPhone 8 for a few weeks now. So far, no problems with it cracking (probably because I haven’t dropped my phone yet) or getting scratches. It does pick up fingerprints and oil from your hands but every other glass screen protector out there also does that.<br/><br/>There’s just a very minor issue where the top left edge of the corner isn’t completely adhered and there’s a small bubble about a millimeter in diameter. Like I said, a small issue and I’m not worried about the protector peeling off at all. Overall, I would recommend this glass screen protector.
 I have been so hard on my iPhones over the years. I don't know why I haven't been using these from the start. I dropped my phone at a gravel pit and then stepped on it. (I'm not sure how I managed to do this) I was so scared to pick my phone up. Thanks to the screen protector my phone was perfectly fine. I am about to buy more to keep on hand.
 I am torn. I pulled out both protectors and one was perfect condition, but the second one had scratches on it (pictured) right out of the box. The perfect one went on smoothly. There are only a couple bubbles on the outer edge that wouldn’t come out no matter how many time I pressed on it, and a few more have popped up over time. The directions were clear and easy to understand.
 Works &amp; fit perfectly! It comes with two screen protectors, hinge stickers, cardboard Squeegee, wipes, and instructions...  I used tape to remove any dust from the screen and the stickers as hinges when aligning the screen protector on the phone.<br/><br/>Delivery was great! Ordered on a Friday, came that Sunday!!!
 I have purchased this product a couple times. Overall very happy with product. Easy to install, do not notice it is even there protecting the screen. I have had to replace on phones a couple times due to the screen protector glass cracking. Did the protector glass save my phone from cracking? I would say Yes so far. Like I said, have had to replace a couple times, cheaperreplacing these than buying a new phone. Happy with product, and have bought again, a couple of times.
 I purchased this for myself for my iPhone 7. Quick delivery. Packaging provides plenty of cushion to protect the 2 screens. I am not great at applying these screen protectors - I got it right on the second try. It's been a 2 months I've dropped my phone face down  4 times (3 in one day about 45 minutes between 1-3 fumble fingers) from about 2- 2 1/2 feet onto a brick surface. So far no issues with screen adhesion or cracking. Screen itself cleans quickly and easily. Good value vs. buying in store from ATT ( who wanted 35$ US for 1 tempered screen saver )
 The product is very good and the price is right.  The only reason I didn’t give it 5 stars is after you peel the cover off the part with the sticky part is the top cover with the tabs to hold it over the screen I was lining it up on the screen and the glass just came off the top cover and didn’t have a chance to properly line it up. It just went right on the phone but it close enough to use but happy I couldn’t line it correctly
 Easy to install. The thin glass has no bubbles under it. Does not show every finger print.  Comes with a cleaning cloth that I rarely need to use.  Love this product.
 Material really didn’t stick well around the edges of my iPhone 8.  Approximately 2 mm around etop/bottom edges and 3 to 4 mm around all four corners continue to not adhere to phone even after pressing it down multiple times. This occurred on both screen protectors.<br/><br/> Unfortunately this is one of those products where you get what you pay for. If you want protector that adheres around all edges this isn’t the one for you.
 Super quality and clarity, classy design, extremely good instructions and--most impressive of all--amazing customer service. Both my screens had slight defects--could have been user-error but I don't think so--so I asked for a replacement. I sent a photo and brief explanation, received a most gracious reply and got the replacement pack by mail within a few days. Would definitely buy again.
 Note to buyers: the HARD firm piece is the screen protector. I thought the piece, which is the guide, was the film that went on as the screen protector. Couldn't figure out why it wouldn't adhere or the guide wouldn't pull away from the film. Probably should have contacted seller after first failed attempt. Was able to salvage one of the two screen protectors and I figured it out on my own, but I didn't put it on real straight and didn't get all the dust off since I didn't really think it was going to work so I have a few bubbles. But it works and is a very nice protector. I wish I had understood the product better. I thought the hard piece was just a firm piece of plastic that kept the film from bending while handling.
 I wanted something more protective than just a film screen protector for my iPhone 6. This is definitely thicker but not so thick that it affects usability. Touch ID still works great, clarity of the screen is good, installation is easy. Customer support and service from the company is phenomenal. Before I even got the product, customer support reached out to make sure that the installation process went smoothly. I did have some trouble with the installation on my phone but customer service representatives were very prompt in responding to my emails and resolved the matter in a very timely and fair manner. I would recommend this company in a heartbeat!
 I’ve been getting this screen protector for 3 years, and it’s worked perfectly every time. It’s super easy to apply, with lots of instructions and other materials that are provided to help you, along with a video and good customer support if necessary. I drop my phone at least twice a day, and it usually withstands the impact. The few times it does crack, I replace it with another order from here because they are so cheap for their good quality. I would definitely recommend.
 Nice screen protector for my iPhone 8. Easy to put on and quality is good. Much better than what I had on my previous iPhone. Like the fact that it’s glass vrs plastic.
 Truthfully I personally did not apply product to my iPhone, being 80 years old.  I had a neighbor do it for me and he said the product was everything advertised to be, and was easy to apply without having to watch the video.  There are no bubbles and you can't tell that there is a protector on the screen.  Very happy.
 I bought this for my mother’s phone. It was easy to apply and I like the fact that two came in the box. Packaging was nicely done. The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five for material quality and durability was because compared to the screen protI bought before, the protector felt sturdier and thicker and because I got an tiny air bubble. But other than that it’s a great value for the money.
 I received this glass screen protector thinking that this would protect my phone and allow the glass to break before my phone like my previous brands before this screen protector. Nope, was I wrong. I dropped my phone from less than a 2 foot range and not only did it not crack the screen protector, but it cracked my phone. I am very disappointed in this product. Spend the extra money and don't waste your time with this one because the money you have saved from buying the expensive glass screen protector will be used to buy yourself a new screen or worse, a new phone.
 I am satisfied with this purchase. A few days after putting the 1st one on, it got scratched which sucks but happens. I actually dropped my phone face down yesterday and the whole screen looked like it was shattered. I took off the protector and my phone was fine, thank goodness! So on goes the s2nd on in the package and hopefully I don't run through this one as quick. Thanks guys doing great work!
 So far working well. Came with everything needed to properly install. And with directions. Didn’t have any issues. Hopefully it works better than the $45 protector that didn’t last.
 Love these things. I hate bulky cases, and this protector has saved my iphone from 3 different drops onto tile and concrete. The protective screen shatters, you peel it off and stick a new one on.  Great solution for people who like to live life unencumbered by pocket bulging cases.
 So we go through about 1 per year before they crack. So hard to know if it is because they are cheep, or because they are doing their job and cracking instead of the actual display glass. Have yet to break the actual display so I'll just keep buying them. (They break when we drop the phone hard)
 Works as advertised. Dropped my phone while trying to pick it up off end table and noticed later barely visible crack in the screen. I started thinking about going to Apple store to get the glass replaced when I realized what had happened. I forgot I had this protector on the phone and it was what had cracked, not the phone screen itself. Put on my second protector today, very easy to apply as well.
 Easy to apply - great instructions.  I watched the youtube video though, that really helped me know I could get it on perfectly.  I've only had it about one month but so far it's been excellent!!
 Feels like the iPhone screen and doesn’t slow down the response time or change the touch sensitivity like a lot of other screen protectors. It is easy to install, just make sure to clean your phone really well before setting the glass!
 Lasted a few months of rough use, and while not through Amazon, I did re-purchased the same item, at a discounted price due to a promotion. If that one breaks, I would still order it again through Amazon.
 These are amazing! I’d been through a half dozen of those $40 screen protectors you get at the cell store these are better than any other ones I’d bought and the price makes them a steal. Wish I’d known about these before trusting the sales guys at the cell store. I was nervous about installing myself but I have done it perfect twice now because the guides are so easy to use. The only reason I had to open the second one is I got the new 8 and it needed a glass protector too! Just bought another set for my iPad too. Customer for life, thanks for the awesome product!
 It works well for my iphone 8. I do not have 'edging problem' as reported by others. The only thing I wish is that the width can be 2-3mm longer. Currently, it barely covers the whole screen.<br/>To avoid air bubbles, it's best to apply the protector as soon as you get your new iphone. That way you do not need to worry about cleaning your screen.
 Great price for this added layer of protection for my phone's screen. The screen protector was set up to be very easy to install with clear directions, and even a video teaching tool. I've never installed one of these before, but it was a breeze. The product is nice and clear, and although I hope I never break it, it's great that it comes in a 2-pack, just in case. Would definitely buy again for another phone!
 Unfortunately, I finally ended up dropping my iPhone 7 today. It landed on concrete from about 3 feet high and my screen was completely shattered. The tempered glass didn't protect anything. It looked good and fit fine, which is why I'm giving it 2 stars, but if you expect it to protect your phone screen from low-impact drops then don't purchase this.<br/><br/>Edit: While I'm still dissatisfied with how it protected my phone, customer support was extremely understanding and generous. Due to how the company handled the situation, I'm bringing my review up to 4 stars.
 It does protect the screen of my iphone 6s. It does keep the word as it stated. It does keep my phone screen well protected. That day when the package arrive, I put the screen protector on my phone immediately. Not long after I just placed the protector on, my phone fell out of my hand and hit the tiles floor which COULD crack my phone screen but it does NOT crack!!! I give this product 5 stars!!!!! I would order more if it ever need to be replace. The screen protector does not change the way screen should look (colors, using finger to move the screen, etc). I LOVE this product!!
 Bought this for my iPhone 8. It was easy to apply, crystal clear cover and didn't leave any bubbles or marks after application. I would definitely buy this again!
 This product is exactly as described in previous reviews. Easy to install. Detailed directions included. I installed in minutes and I feel that my screen is well protected.
 The price for a 2 pack is unbeatable!!! I bought the high end screen protector and it broke within one week, it cost me 40 dollars for just one. I have had the fist one of these on for 6 months now and it still is in perfect condition and I even transferred it from one phone to another!
 I used glass screen protectors before but they were from ebay, they worked fine for $1 but the protector scratches easily and chips on the edge after awhile but this one is very scratch proof and much higher quality, definitely worth the cost over the cheap ebay ones. My GF dropped her phone with this on face first down on concrete and the glass protector cracked but swears if the protector wasn't there, her phone would be cracked instead!
 I have had 2 sets now, one for myself and one for daughter.  We encountered a small problem and had to contact the company.  They were very responsive and truly care about their customers.  Problem fixed!
 Awesome! Kit includes everything you need, wipes, dry cloth, card and handy tabs that make alignment a breeze. They had a tip I hadn’t considered: install in a humid environment (like in the bathroom after a shower) as this will make it less likely that new dust specks will land on the screen during cleaning. I didn’t do this, but really appreciated the suggestion! It feels much better than my old protector - the touch is wonderfully responsive and the screen is completely clear. It also has a hole around the front facing camera (my old one didn’t), which I like.
 I've ordered several (not because they are bad) for my girls who like to change cases frequently and these screen protectors are the best. Easy to install and look great. Thank you for an awesome product and always fast shipping!<br/><br/>*Added note---daughter dropped her iPhone face down on concrete driveway. This protector did crack but her iPhone screen was spotless underneath! I swear by these protectors. Thank you for an excellent product! Replacing this is much cheaper than a new phone.
 As good as any screen protector on the market. Rounded edges on it are nice. Adhesive is fine. Only improvement would be to include some sort of guide for almost aligning it to your phone.
 Easy to use. Great packaging with everything you need to apply the screen protector. I bought another brand for a different phone and that product didn’t come with everything that this one has. This is a really good buy.
 I appreciated the detailed instructions on youtube. I followed it to the T, including the installation in the bathroom after taking a shower. It did turn out a bit difficult to remove the air bubbles, but actually, I was able to remove them all a day or two after I installed the product. It was nice to receive an email asking how I liked the product. As a Pitt alum, I thought I had to give my feedback to a company based in Pittsburgh!
 Fits great. No bubbles. Pretty easy to install, BUT, make sure you are working in an area that isn't terribly dusty and/or doesn't have a ceiling fan going stirring up dust/pet hair. Good thing this came with two pieces as my first attempt was ruined by a perfectly placed dog hair. :( Second attempt was easy peasy and perfect. Great touch feel. No air bubbles, no dust, no pet hair, no problems.
 I rarely review products but, I had to let everyone know how awesome this one is.  You get two wipes to clean your iPhone and make it dust-free - one that is wet and one that dries it off.  Then you follow the very simple instructions to place the glass film on top of your phone.  There are 2 handles to hold and it is very easy to align the holes up on the phone.  When I applied the film on our 2 iPhones there were NO BUBBLES at all and our phones look like they don't even have anything on them.  The images/text on our phones look very crisp and sharp.  I highly recommend this product.  We just ordered some for our iPads too and will never order any other brand of screen protectors!!!
 great screen protector and transparency is wonderful. However the margin for getting this thing on straight on an iphone 7 is tough. Because of the rounded corners and the way the glass tapers off i found it hard to center it perfectly. after a few months the sides are slightly showing a rise so it isn't perfect.
 I really like this product! It comes with two screen protectors and several cleaning and placement accessories along with directions and warranties. The protector is very easy to instal. It does leave a small sliver of the screen uncovered, but this is apparently because of the curve of the phone screen. I have had the on my phone for a few weeks along with a phone cover. I have dropped my phone a few times and have no damage to either the screen protector or to my phone! I’m really happy with this product!
 I bought this product when I first got my new phone and it didn't crack or even chip for 2 years, and the only reason I needed a new one was being I accidentally dropped my old one on the ground when I didn't have a case on my phone, and even then the screen protector only cracked and held up really well until my new one came. This product is very durable, doesn't alter the screen quality of the phone, and the price is unbeatable. Overall, I am very happy with my purchase and would definitely recommend this product to anyone.
 Complete installation kit. Glass could have been slightly bigger (there's a gap between it and the case, but with the iPhone 7's rounded edges that would have been tough. I think the slack should have been taken up by the case. A quality product.
 I recommend this product -- did a lot of research to find the right product and the right price. The application was easy from watching the videos on the company website, the directions on the box made it seem more complicated than it actually was. I knew when I was purchasing this, the protector does not completely cover the screen due to the curved edges, but I have a Spigen case, and the lines nearly match up.  A few days after I received it in the mail, a customer service rep sent me a Thank you email with more tips on application and to make sure I was satisfied with my purchase.
 This is a glass protector so it protects better than standard screen protector. I dont know about you but I always dread to put these on because of the inevitable bubbles you get. But with this, there were no bubbles and was super easy to put on!
 Only one screen protector arrived. It was stuck to the plastic bag that only contained half of the installation items. The most ironic part of all of this is the “ATTENTION! Carefully Clean Screen Before Installation To Avoid Dust Bubbles.”<br/>The screen is covered is in dust bubbles.
 I bought 2 for my Note9 and my wife's Note9.  Easy installation with the aid of a provided alignment tool .  Chrystal clear  screen protector and no noticeable loss of touchscreen sensitivity.
 This is a little thicker than the other tempered glass screen protectors I've purchased (this one is .3mm and the other one I had was .2mm).<br/><br/>As I lifted the protector up the first time, after taking the "step one" protector off, and positioning it, I noticed it already chipped. I would definitely be bothered knowing I have an already chipped screen protector, so I ended up having to use the second one. I wonder why that happened so easily...
 I have oilier hands than most so it's hard to judge but this screen protector does retain some fingerprints. This really is the only con to the item. Directions are great and what's included in the package is more than enough to get the screen protector on "right". Lol in other words, if you screw up the first, second, or third time like I did, you will have enough wipes wet and dry to get the job done. This really is an awesome bang for the buck. I'd purchase again
 Installed this glass on my wife's phone and it looks great and was easy to install. I would say that you would be wise to read and follow the instructions . I had never seen or did this before,so the instructions are what made this easy to do.
 This screen protector is anti-annoying-bubbles and very easy to install... It's really thin (doesn't make your phone feel bulky) but feel's very sturdy.  The only thing that I would have preferred is for the protector to fully cover the entire front of the phone.  But, that's not a big deal.
 Not the first order from TechMatte.  Easy install (follow the well-detailed instructions), no interference with function; haven't had the "opportunity" to test protection factor (and hope don't have to), but provides a more secure feeling using the phone. TechMatte always follows up on order to make sure all is good.
 These protectors have saved a few phones in our family! We've had some cracked protectors but never a phone. Knock on wood. At this price, you can replace them if they do get cracked and you're not out a fortune. Nice and smooth with no bubbles; you barely notice they're on your phone.
 I really like the way this item is packaged and designed to allow for ease of installation and Bubble FREE.  The only thing I would like to have is a slightly larger protector.  It would look a lot nicer if it is flushed with the phone casing.  Overall, highly recommended.
 this seems to be a great product!  easy to put on, items provided to clean and prepare for installation.  it has been on my screen for less than a week and I haven't dropped my phone yet, so I am not able give a review of the durability!
 Installing materials of quality.  Very specific installation instructions.  I missed  couple of specs and are visible but my fault for not cleaning thoroughly.
 This is very easy to apply and comes with all the necessary tools to do so, but I feel like it almost fit better on my iPhone 6. The glass is cut to fit over the viewing screen perfectly when applied correctly, but the curvature of the screen causes it to pull up ever so slightly around the edges. It's barely noticeable and not a huge deal since these are so inexpensive. I haven't dropped my phone yet but will update my review when I do.
 This will be the third time I have purchased this. I'm glad they come in twos. I drop my phone frequently and even though it has a case, I still always worry about the screen. These protectors continually take care of my clumsy issues and always take the damange. They go on easily, are clear to see through and are so affordable.
 I've used this brand for a few years and twice it has protected my phone screen from damaged. I dropped my phone once while jogging and another time while getting out of the car. The screen protector glass was cracked, but the glass beneath was fine.
 My iPhone 6 took a nasty tumble onto concrete and landed face-down.  While the bumper took most of the impact, clearly the screen protector took a hit from the uneven surface.  The screen protector did have a minor chip, and ended up cracking a day or two later, but fortunately the actual iPhone screen was completely protected and didn't even have a scratch.  I'll gladly buy another to replace it - much cheaper than buying a new screen!
 Bought this not expecting it to be all that great, just something that would work to somewhat protect my phone. It extremely exceeded my expectations! First off, there are a lot of components that help you apply it perfectly. There are two wet wipes and two dry wipes to remove dust, 6 dust stickers to remove any specific dust particles, and then the actual screen protector is set up with tabs to help you apply it without getting fingerprints underneath, getting it dirty, etc. I was able to put mine on with no bubbles underneath on the first try. The protector is tempered glass and is very hard and fits my phone screen well (iPhone 7 regular)
 It applied fairly well without any air bubbles, but my only gripe with this screen protector is that the protector doesn’t cover the front facing camera. I understand that if you crack the screen protector a certain way, it could possibly make the camera hard to use considering there is a crack over it, but I rather have a cracked screen protector than a scratched camera lens. It’s a good product, but I won’t be repurchasing for that reason only.
 I love this screen protector! It’s not to thick but covers the screen and protects it perfectly. It goes on really easily too, i try to just set it on and then rub towards the end of my phone to get out any bumps, but this protector hardly will ever have bumps when you put it on which is amazing!:) i’ve dropped my phone multiple times and it has cracked but my screen is protected and that’s all that matters ❤️
 Protector Glass 2-Pack by TechMatte - really pleased with the product.  Thinner than the 1st one I put on from a different company, so it doesn't interfere with the fingerprint home button on my Iphone 6s and I don't feel the cutout edge around the button.  Application was easy because of the tabs at either end of the screen kept fingerprints off the glass and it came with cleaning materials to prepare the phone face.  Added bonus of having 2 screens included.  Very reasonably priced and a nice warranty.
 We are extremely pleased with this screen protector. With having five children and is extremely important to have extra protection on our phones. It was very easy to apply and it is actually glass not plastic. Definitely would buy again.
 Really excellent glass screen protector.  I had some trouble installing it on my iPhone 6S screen so contacted<br/>their Customer Service representative who immediately found a solution for me.  Fits perfectly now.<br/>I was also impressed by their thank you email they sent right after I purchased their product.  They truly<br/>want their customers to be 100% satisfied.  Be sure to watch their excellent Installation video and read the<br/>concise instruction booklet before trying to install the screen protector.
 Loved this screensaver great protection easy application touchscreen is still very responsive<br/>I have applied one to my daughters phone also and we are both satisfied customers<br/>Thanks for a great product
 I received the two pack for use on two different iPhone 7 phones. I followed the directions and the first iPhone 7 went well. On the second iPhone 7, there was a small spot on the lower right side of the phone. It was not a bubble as I could not move it and I cleaned the phone's glass from all dust and lint. I removed the glass and then reapplied it and the same spot was there.<br/><br/>I contacted customer service at the e-mail address provided in the packaging and Jessie replied to my e-mail 35 minutes later. After showing her a picture of the spot and verifying my order on Amazon, she offered me a refund or a replacement. I took the replacement. She recommended applying the glass in the bathroom with the shower on.
 The protector is nice and clear and adheres really well.  My biggest complaint is how much smaller the screen protector is compared to the phone's screen.  There's probably a good 2-3mm on every side of the screen that ISN'T covered by the protector.<br/><br/>Also, the cutouts seem to be a little off.  For instance, if I line up the bottom portion of the protector to line up symmetrically with the home button, the protector is crooked where it goes under the ambient light sensor.<br/><br/>The reason for 3 stars is that I carry the phone in a case so the gaps in protection are as big a deal as they would be if it weren't in a case.
 There are so many different options of tempared glass on Amazon and I can say with confidence that this pack is 100% worth the buy. The 1st one I used held up for about 2 months until my phone dropped and the TG protected my screen. And I've just recently changed them out. It's a great deal!! And great protection
 I would have bought this screen protector just for how clear my screen looks again. The smudges aren't visible, and they don't collect like they do on the actual screen. It's like buying a new phone, which ironically is why I bought a battery case on of these protectors for my iPhone 6...to avoid upgrading and paying larger bills.
 I am thrilled with the two screen covers I received by Tech Matte. They came so very fast that I couldn’t believe it!!  The directions included screen cleaning supplies made putting on the new cover simple and trouble free.  I will search for this name when buying any tech need.  Quality plus!!
 I've had mixed experiences with these. I'm on my fourth one in about 6 months. Now, I do tend to drop my phone a lot and these protectors have fully protected my phone every time. The first one lasted quite a while, but the last two seem to have broken after only one drop. They do there job in that my phone screen is not cracked and not scratched but I wish they were a little more durable.
 the package included two protectors which is a good thing. the delivery person left the package on my door step and my puppy found it before I did. she managed to rip into the package and extract one of the protectors. My wife found it and said that it was scratched beyond belief but was not broken. I wish she had taken a picture before throwing it away.<br/><br/>installation was easy and the protector does not interfere with the touch operations of the phone.
 This product turned out to be exactly what it said it would be. After viewing a quick video which shows how's to install the screen protector, it went on with great ease. It truly resist finger prints, works without affecting screen sensitivity. It fit my phone perfectly (not fully covered) so that my case didn't rub along the edges. I highly recommend this product for phone protection.
 I have bought these a few times now, and they last roughly between 2-3 drops onto a hard surface. I've dropped it on the linoleum floor in my kitchen, carpet, floor at work and it is fine. I have noticed when dropping my phone on something harder like cemente, it cannot withstand that many falls. Usually it will crack if the phone falls flat when dropped. If you have a decent enough case, the corners don't usually crack. Great product for the price.
 I am using this screen protector with a tech 21 case. The original screen protector was difficult to see thru and use. This one is super clear and easy to use and install. has saved my phone already as it took the hit and broke rather than the phone itself. Two come in the pack which is great. I am on my third due to me being clumsy but cheap insurance.
 Just applied, super easy. There wasn’t a single piece of dust to be seen until I applied and noticed one dot which turned into a bubble of course and will drive me crazy until the end of time and it does not cover the whole screen of my iPhone 8 which also makes me a bit crazy but other than that, great packaging and product.<br/>The feel is great and it does not affect touch screen.<br/>Hopefully I never have to see whether it will protect my screen when dropped!
 A great way to add a 'layer of protection/ to your screen for phone or tablet. Superior to plastic protectors, which tend to scratch or fade. In addition, the glass takes a beating - in some cases we've had in break - but still protects the device underneath. Simply replace the ~$10 protector. A fabulous product.
 Extremely easy to apply.  There are tabs on the side of the glass to help get a perfect alignment on your device.  I applied both to our new iPhone 6S's perfectly on the first attempt.  No bubbles.  Highly recommend.<br/><br/>Update:<br/>Contacted the seller for a warranty claim after the screen protector cracked (no damage to iphone screen!).  Seller promptly sent a new replacement.  Couldn't be happier with this seller and product.  I will always buy these screen protectors.
 I've used this brand of screen protectors a few times before - I like them a lot.<br/><br/>Their packaging, instructions, and warranty are up to par.<br/><br/>Application of the screen protector is also very easy with their included "application" tools.
 These screen protectors  work great and are a perfect fit on my iPhone 7. And I don't know what the people expect that said it doesn't go to the edge of the screen . The screen has a curve at the edge if it went there it would be popping off all the time this goes right up to the curvature and stays on perfectly.
 I can't tell you how many times I dropped my phone and nothing happened to the screen. There were time that my phone bounced of the hard concrete twice and I was sure that my screen shuttered and NOPE-NO DAMAGE AT ALL! this screen protector is affordable and truly protects your screen. This is my second purchase for my new phone
 This product seems high quality. It was very easy to install. After dropping my phone in the driveway, face down of course. It chipped and splintered. I thought it was the screen, thank heavens it was a glass protector. I got from Costco. Much more expensive and this one seems a better quality. I’m not going to drop my phone to find out, but eventually I will. Because you get 2 I already have a backup. Better the protector than the screen on my newer iPhone 8.
 I have bought things that were far pricier that never had the level of thought put into the package and all the cleaning, instructions, and ongoing assistance.  Quite impressive.
 I had it on my new phone for 1 week and dropped my phone open with the screen hitting the concrete the protector cracked but It saved my new phone thank you so much for a great product
 This screen protector is better than I expected it to be. It seems durable and is very easy to use.  It doesn’t interfere with pressing/typing in the screen sndbus very receptive.
 After abouttttt 10 drops (some were BAD) broken glass protector - yes. Broken iPhone - NOPE. Just replaced my screen protector after about one year and still have a perfectly break free phone. HIGHLY RECOMMEND
 This was so easy and so perfect. I didn't watch any of the tutorials and was able to put on my screen flawlessly. There are absolutely no bubbles. My boyfriend has a screen protector from another company on his phone and it is all bubbles and already cracked. I highly recommend this.
 It’s the nature of these screen protectors that if you don’t get them on just right they will have air bubbles and be crooked, which is enough to drive you crazy. After failing to get the screen protector on perfectly straight with my first set, Tech matte sent me a replacement set for free. Turns out fourth time is the charm. Now it’s on perfect and it’s great. Really reduced the amount of smudging on the screen. Difficult to install but a great screen protector.
 I have used this brand before with good results.  Sadly, this product for the iPhone 8 is terribly disappointing.  Even though they are intentionally undersized due to curvature of the glass, these still do not properly seat/seal/cling around the edges.  Roughly 3-4 mm are not seated around the edges leaving a very unattractive finish.  I tried both glass products in the pack with equally bad results.
 This is the easiest to install screen protector I have yet to use. Very good directions, very good installation accessories. Installation on my daughter's iPhone 7 was a piece of cake and perfect alignment. Better than I can say for the professionally installed tempered glass protector the local iPhone repair shop installed on her iPhone 6 when she had the screen replaced.
 Love this. Pretty easy to put on. Do not do it where particles are floating around...they stick to the sticky part. Oh, and be patient. These protect the screen, not the screen and every other front part of your phone. If you're in a hurry you may not get it totally right and it won't cover the whole screen.
 Five stars!  These are awesome and priced perfect.  I quit wasting my money at my cell phone provider store.  Now I only buy these, I can put the screen protector on myself - the correct way, NOT half hanging off my phone.  THANK YOU!
 This product came exactly as expected.  I ordered it as a replacement for a glass protector which was on my phone when I got it, but broke before I put a protective case on.  It is super easy to install, and the cleaning wipes provided work very well.  The only thing I would change is to not have a opening for the front facing camera, as dust/dirt/fingerprints can get in there and it is a little difficult to clean out.  Other than that, I have no complaints, and I love that there are two protectors inside the package!
 Very easy to put on and even so when I needed to readjust it slightly. Hopefully I will never need to find out if it saves my screen in a fall. I haven't noticed a reduction in screen clarity and that is always a worry when I buy a screen protector.
 I purchased this item 3 months ago. I have butter fingers and drop my phone quite often the screen protector does a good job protecting my phone. I'm glad it came with two as the protector is a bit cracked but my actual sceeen is safe.<br/><br/>It is very easy to apply and I love that it includes a wet wipe and a dry wipe so that your screen is super clean before application. In addition the screen includes plastic flaps for you to hold it as you apply it.
 I was sitting in a chair and my phone slipped out of my hand and dropped to the floor. When I picked up my phone, the corner of my screen was cracked. Lucky for me it was not my actual screen but the screen protector. I was not even two feet above the ground when my phone dropped and my screen cracked in one corner, therefore I am giving this screen protector a 2 out of 5 stars for durability. Yes, the material quality and picture quality are not bad, the durability is terrible.
 I thought I had a hairline crack in my phone after my daughter dropped it, but when I peeled off this screen protector, it turned out it had taken all the shock and my phone was fine! I didn't think twice about buying again. Can't beat the price, either.
 Easy to put on didn’t bubble up on me only problem is it does not cover the full screen so it’s not completely protected although I have had success with this product and a regular clear case back in the past
 I waited to review this screen protector until I had used it for several weeks, and it is everything the company said it was:  Easy to install, Clear screen, NO scratches, Great protection.  I am so glad I bought it and would recommend it to anyone.
 Great product! It brings 2 in one package. You can't beat the price!<br/><br/>I had a tempered glass cover for my iPhone 6 and my phone's screen never scratched or cracked. I purchased for my iPhone 7 and so far, so good. I used the second one for my husband' siphoned 6s and it fit and protects his as well.  Will be purchasing more for family members. Very happy with product.
 Great feel as it feels just like the glass screen. I like the fact you get two protectors included so if the first gets damaged you have a second to replace it. Easy to follow instructions. I'm very good a placing screen protectors and got no bubbles under my screen. Probably can use with most cases as the screen protector doesn't wrap around the rounded edges. I use mine with my Caseology case.<br/><br/>Only con would be the screen protector should be slightly wider b/c the width is only set up for the useable screen width and not a millimeter more. So if the the protector is not lined up absolutely perfect then the edge of the protector might rest on the inside of the actual, useable screen edge.
 I dropped my phone so many times! I had 1 long crack and then today, spider crack.  Took off the protector to replace with the extra one that came with my purchase and I am so happy! IT DID ITS JOB! WELL DONE!!! Thank you!!!! Ordering another set right now.
 I ordered this product to protect the glass on my iPhone 7. However the fit doesn’t fully fit the screen. I have only had the glass on my screen for five days. It has already cracked in two places without a drop happening to it. Air bubbles around the button make it almost impossible to remove. My screen doesn’t seem to recognize all the keyboard actions with the glass on. Overall I’m not fully impressed with this product.
 I have an iPhone 7. This was easy to put on , and looked great on my phone. Tempered glass is a must have for any smart phone product. I can’t tell you how many times these things have saved my actual front screen !<br/><br/>Also you get (2) in this pack. Definitely worth the buy .
 I have use this product on my iPhone 6s and are currently using it on my iPhone 8 .  I have bought this numerous times and  I am very satisfied with it .  Easy to install .
 This screen protector is perfect. I have previously used the otterbox defender case to protect my phones, but wanted a slimmer case this time. So I opted for the otterbox commuter and chose this screen protector to pair with it. It was easy to put on, and is working great. As mentioned in other reviews, it does not cover the entire width of the phone, and leaves about 1mm between the edge of the screen protector and the otterbox case.  I do not find this to be a problem as it is protecting the entire screen and that's what I bought it for. It feels just like the screen and works as if it isn't there. My husband liked it so much that he put the other one on his phone.
 Definitely the easiest screen protector install I've done so far. They provide literally everything you need to install, and the products are SIMPLE and they WORK. No nasty spray bottles with solution that gets all over your hands, this stuff is well engineered. The protector looks great on the phone, is pretty thin (just a little sharp on the edges at first), and is as crisp as the phone's original screen. I LOVE the cutout for the selfie camera, which my old protector did not have and subsequently fogged up the camera constantly.<br/><br/>In a world full of cheap knockoff products, there's an actual reason this is so highly rated.
 It might seem odd to give such a high rating for something that is this distorted.  However, I felt the impact my bathroom tile floor had with my iphone was extraordinary.  If the phone did not have a screen protector as tough as this one, I would be purchasing a new iphone.
 I dropped my phone (cheap decorative case onto tile) not too long after installing this screen protector. It broke of course on all 3 corners spreading all across the top and bottom. My real screen however is perfectly fine. What I like is though the cracks spread I don’t have that nasty finger cutting feel when I scroll and continue to use. Definitely will buy again.
 I purchased this screen protector for my iPhone 8, it was super easy to apply it to the phone and it is VERY durable. I've dropped my phone 3 times (twice on a hardwood floor and once outdoors on asphalt) the screen protector got a little crack in it when I dropped it outside but the screen did NOT crack/shatter. I just upgraded to the iPhone XR and I ordered this same screen protector for it. My fave!
 the protector may bust but that is only if you drop it a lot. if the phone falls and i am in a parking lot, the protector may scratch if you have an okay phone case. it can fall a lot and and get one line of shattered ness. the more you drop it, the more the protector breaks but if you don’t drop it, you’ll be good for a while. also, it comes with 2 and the air bubbles take like 10 minutes to take out but it’s for the phones protection
 These screen protectors are honestly the best! This is my second time buying them, and they’re worth way more than they’re priced. They come very well packaged and with everything you need to install the protector. Always feel safe with this screen protector on my phone!
 I have used this screen protector for 18 months.  It has worked very well and never caused any problems.  I dropped the phone today and the screen protector cracked.  Since the product was sold as a package of 2, I am now on my second one.  I imagine it will last until I replace the phone.
 I needed a new screen protector as my old one had cracked in a few places. This came in a 2 pack and was so easy to put on my phone, looks great and no bubbles at all. Looks like I have a brand new phone! Awesome product for the price!
 At first I thought it was sketchy the sale price was such a huge gap from the original. Is it not a good product? But this is honestly such a great screen protector. Really easy to assemble with step by step instructions. Obv comes with the extra even though I still have no need for it since I have gotten it 3 months ago. I've probably dropped my phone a good 6 times on concrete, most times face down. Not a scratch or crack. Would definitely rec this one especially while at a low price.
 I am updating my review. The protector was easy to install and all tools were included. Unfortunately, only 5 days after it was installed my daughter dropped her iPhone 6s and the screen shattered. I have no idea how this happened, but now we will be spending the money for a new screen. Im quite disappointed right now.
 The screen protector is too narrow to cover the 6S screen &amp; the wrong length!
 This is by far the best screen protector available. I have tried multiple other glass screen protectors and this one is my favorite. If you follow al of their installation instructions, then it can be installed easily with no bubbles. The glass is fairly thin, which I like. Also, it says that it is slightly smaller than the screen, which scared me, but if you install it perfectly right, then it fits the screen exactly, so there is no distortion (see second photo)
 This product is really easy to install in just minutes and has protected my phone screen many a time. I’m in construction so this phone sees it’s fare share of abuse.  I’ve dropped my iPhone 7 I don’t know how many times but one time I dropped it face down on some rocks as I was getting out of my truck and the tempered glass cover did crack but I peeled it off and my screen still looked brand new.  I can replace the cover for 8$ and in just minutes compared to a full glass replacement which I’m not sure how much it would cost.  It’s an awesome product and works great!!
 I have a iPhone 8. I have not dropped my phone yet, but hoping that it protects my phone well. The glass is smaller than the frame from my phone case, and therefore my phone remains unprotected on the edges.
 The screen protectors were priced perfectly! Went on smooth for the most part.  I like how there are 2 protectors in the package! I do not believe this offers lifetime warranty like other screen protectors do but it is such a hassle to go through the warranty.  This gives you 2 protectors for the price of one!  Images look crisp, fits well and is thick then some of the other protectors out there.
 Perfect fit to my iphone 8. After several months of use still perfect. Highly recommended. Carefully follow the instructions to avoid air bubbles, clean environment to avoid dust particles adherence before installing it!!!
 Had my last screen protector for 1.5 years before it finally cracked, even after I'd dropped it multiple times. Had this one for a month when I dropped my phone about 3 feet, the protector cracked and pieces started to break off. I'm surprised my screen didn't break, but I have chips and cracks all over the protector. It also doesn't adhere to the edges of the screen, including around the home button. I do not recommend this product.
 Price is perfect for the cover! I really like the application tabs being built in to the packaging. I also like the two for one price.<br/><br/>I do not like how the out side edges are not fully adhering to the phone, there is a gap about 1/8" around the screen where the protector is peeling away after only one day on the phone and I did follow all application instructions.
 Bought this because of the good reviews. I'm fairly clumsy and drop my phone a lot which is why I need a good quality screen protector. When I got my new phone used this about 6+ month until I noticed a chip and scratch. I bought another one thinking possibly normal wear a tear but within another month the whole screen is now shattered after a small drop from my hand to the floor. HIGHLY do not recommend this product for anyone looking for good drop protection, shatter/scratch protection, etc...
 I bought a pair of screens - one to use for my iPhone 8 and the other to use for my daughter's iPhone 6. I installed them both in minutes and they look great! I'm very happy with my purchase.
 Very disappointed.  Followed all the directions for screen prep only to discover the surface area is too narrow and too short for my iPhone 7.  Wasted my money.
 Just got back from vacation at the Grand Canyon. While there I dropped my phone face down on the rocks on a hike. This screen protector saved my screen! The protector shattered but kept my screen safe for the rest of our trip! I highly recommend! Another plus is that it was a 2 pack so I had another screen protetor at home to replace the old one once I got back!
 I bought this screen protector mainly because of the price. I was surprised to see the quality of the product when I recieved it. What I liked most was the the edges are rounded so the protector gives an appearance of being one with the phone.
 This is a fantastic product, really. Easily the best experience I’ve ever had with sticking on a screen protector.<br/>Comes with all the materials needed to put the screen on; moist wipe, dry cloth, even stickers specifically to get dust off!! Plus it comes with 2 protectors so I can give one to a friend.<br/>Also the best price for 2 screen protectors. Very inexpensive for all the stuff that comes in this kit. Thank you so much!
 Love these screen protectors. Provides a great level of protection on my iphone 6s. It doesn't cover ALL of the phone but just the main screen and by the main button. Some of the outer edges are missing a screen protection. Otherwise it was super easy to put the screen protector on without any finger prints. Comes with a wet cloth and dry cloth to clean your screen before you put the protector on it.
 This is a great screen protector!  I followed their step by step instructions to install it and it could not have been any easier.  The protector is crystal clear and you don’t even notice it — there is no difference in the phone appearance or operation.  I highly recommend this product and I would purchase it again.
 I have been using glass screen protectors for years, and replace them as soon as I crack them. So naturally I have tried multiple brands. I have never had a screen protecter crack so easily or cause my screen to crack. I dropped my phone today (no worse drop than any time before) after placing an amFilm screen protector on last night for the first time. My screen is now cracked exactly in the same places as the screen protector. Obviously this product has not protected anything, and now I am left with a broken iPhone screen.
 I purchased the amFilm iPhone 6S Tempered Glass Screen for $8.95, and have been using it for almost a week. I like the clean look, but the tempered glass screen does not have antiglare. So if you're sitting inside/outside with the sun, you have to angle your phone or adjust your phone brightness. Another reason I would give this product a 3.5 star is because the edges of the glass screen doesn't stick to the iphone 6S (your phone can still detect your finger though). I can see the edges gathering dust or dirt in the long run. Overall, I might try something new next time.
 Couldn’t be happier. I bought a similar product at the Verizon store, which cost around $40 for one screen protector. I ripped it off in less than 2 hours because the store employee who installed it did not get all of the lint off of my screen before she installed the protector. I can’t do lint on a screen... I installed this one myself about a week ago and so far it is great. I can’t tell any difference in the quality of the product vs. the more expensive one.
 Absolutely a great screen protector. It installs exactly as advertised. Just follow the easy to follow instructions and you will have no problems. There is NO reason to pay more money for other screen protectors. I am 100% satisfied.
 I love this screen protector!  I dropped my iPhone face-down on the cement, and when I picked it up, I could hardly see the icons on my screen because of the spiderweb of shattered glass. Then I remembered that I had the amFilm on my phone, and I peeled it off, and my screen was perfectly intact!<br/><br/>Also, their customer service is incredible. When I ordered the replacement pack, one of the screens was slightly cracked. I contacted customer service, provided pictures and other information, and they resolved the issue quickly.<br/><br/>If you don't have a screen protector on your device, you need one! Trust me, I almost found out the hard way. amFilm worked great!
 These weren’t that great for me. Both had hairline cracks from just being in my pocket. I’m not abusive to my phone throughout the day but BOTH of these had cracks in them from just being in my pocket. I thought the first one was a coincidence but honestly go for another brand like Zagg. A little more pricey but a lot better.
 Worked perfectly on 6S and 7.  I had an issue with one pc in one pack, the protective sheet was not on the adhesive side so it immediately picked up dirt/dust.  I emailed the company and they immediately replaced no charge.<br/><br/>You definitely need to be extra careful, I did leave a small bubble on my daughter's 6S.
 The protectors came in tightly sealed packages, and were both intact. They installed easily and are clear and easy to see through. They seem durable so far, after about 6 weeks of heavy use. No cracks or chipping, no scratches either.
 I have been using it for 6s and it did a great job to protect my phone, so I order it again for my new iPhone 8. It's heavy duty which is a bit thick but it does not affect the touch screen at all. Accidents happen sometime, to me, twice, but it did a great job of protecting phone screen.
 I ordered this screen protector for my new iPhone 7. It’s very good quality and hasn’t scratched or cracked. I carry my phone in my purse a lot and I’m surprised it hasn’t been scratched. The only thing I’m disappointed in is that it’s kinda too small and doesn’t go to the edges of the phone, but I understand that they make them that way for big cases that cover the screen more. It’s probably my fault for not buying a case that wraps around the edges more. Other than that, I love it!
 It's the 2nd time I reordered this screen protector and it has again saved my clumsy hands from purchasing a new phone. I recently dropped my phone from a 3rd floor balcony and my screen savior * chipped a bit but my actual phone screen was perfect! This screen protector has been with me for a year or so and that's a year longer then any more screen protector. It's a def must buy. It's also really easy to use and comes with a video tutorial on how to apply if your lazy and can't bother reading the 4 step instructions like I was.
 I was skeptcle at first but the other reviews and the price made me do it! And let’s be honest this glass is legit. I mean I’ve had it on for less then five minutes but it’s so beautiful 😍 and no bubbles ! I put it on in the bathroom after someone took a hot shower to reduce dust and it seemed to work pretty well!
 It’s Tempered glass so super brittle like it’s meant to be it’s cut to fit perfect and really easy to install comes with glass cleaner and dust remover
 Easy to install and much better price than some at the store for about 6x the price. Based on others experiences I decided to give this a try. Hopefully I won't crack the screen but I say say it was super easy to install, looks great on the phone, and has not decreased the functionality of the touchscreen one bit!
 Work well
 Now that I can not find a phone case for my iPhone with glass in it, I broke down and bought these screen protectors.  They are fantastic. So easy to put on and, as I am always dropping my phone, they are durable and made really well.
 Great screen protector! I've dropped my phone numerous times in my travels, and it has protected my screen from cracks and scratches. I was really glad it was a 2-pack; it's always good to have a back-up in case. Mine lasted me a good couple of months before I seriously needed to change it (my phone had dropped from a platform during a photo shoot, and the screen  protector] was destroyed). It's really easy to apply, and very clear. I definitely recommend this product!
 Great product, easy to install on my new Iphone 7. Nice clean look, no bubbles or application issues. Only suggestion, be sure screen is clean before install. Use bright light to look at phone screen for dust etc. before setting screen protector. Works much better than the plastic film types.
 I dropped my phone face first onto the sidewalk the day I put this on. Screen protector shattered but stayed intact, actual iPhone screen had no damage! There are 2 protectors per package so I immediately put the spare on.<br/>No problems with swiping through the protector.
 Super easy to install and I haven't had any issues with it. I've only had it on for a few days so fingers crossed that we continue on the positive track! I have no doubt that this screen protector will be awesome though based on the fact that it is almost identical to the very expensive protector I bought at a Verizon store when I purchased my phone. I will probably purchase these protectors in advance when I know I am about to buy a new phone because these are just as awesome as the +$30 protectors sold in the cell phone stores.
 I’ve had this screen protector for about seven months. It was fairly easy to put on and I never noticed a changed to the picture quality. I pretty much forgot about until today when I dropped my phone in the parking lot. The protector cracked significantly! (See picture) When I took it off, my phone wasn’t harmed at all! It also came off in one piece due to the adhesive material on the back. I am very thankful this came in a 2-pack so I don’t have to wait for another to arrive.
 There are so many options out there now for phone cases and protectors its hard to know that your getting a good quality product instead of some Chinese knock off. This product has quality packaging and full lifetime warranty. It applies easy and even though the edges of the protector don't go all the way to the edge of the glass they do taper the edges making it harder to snag the edge. With my case on you can see about 1/8" gap around the edge but I don't think it will be anything to worry about.
 As the caption says, it was very easy to install, and it looks like it belongs on my screen. I've never registered for a Lifetime Warranty for replacement screen protectors, but this product builds confidence to that claim.
 Definitely a must have on any device.  Protected my iPhone 7 from a fall and cracked the glass but actual phone screen was not damaged. Installation was easy just as following supplied instructions. Good product overall and warranty and customer service is great, definitely recommend!!
 I am very happy with this product.  It was well packaged, came with wet wipes, dry wipes, cleaning cloth, lint removers, a hard card to push out any air pockets and directions!!! I liked how the two ends were extended with the plastic cover that come off after you place the glass screen protector on the phone.  It gave you something to hold onto when placing it on your phone.  Great product will order again when I need more.
 They tell you on the package that it doesn't cover the whole screen so I suppose there's no excuse for being disappointed that it looks as unfinished as it does. I can already imagine the gunk that's going to accumulate around it over time. I'll keep it on if I find a case that hugs the phone enough to make the gap less noticeable.<br/><br/>Installation is easy, especially if you watch the short video.
 I got this for my iphone 7 and one of the protectors came with a crack already in it up by the speaker hole. Once it was placed on the phone it looks really bad. It is not quite wide enough to cover the screen and the edges stick up really far, like it is too thick. It also has a line of air bubbles all around the edges of it which looks bad and won't go away. I followed instructions and used the cleansing cloths, it is just a poor product.
 I bought these about six months ago. This weekend my phone fell out of my pocket and hit the curb. My screen protector looked awful, but my screen is perfectly fine!! So glad I had this protector on my screen! Since it’s a two-pack I was able to swap it out. All the wipes provided and stickers make it easy to install. I’m very happy with this purchase and am planning on buying another set to have on hand the next time my clumsy self drops my phone!!
 Just ordered this screen protector for my IPhone 8, it arrived promptly, was easy to put on and fits perfect! The image is as clear as it was before the protector was applied! Definitely a good purchase!
 These are very high quality! They are very smooth, fit perfectly, have bezeled edges, accurate cutouts, and are crystal clear. I remember my previous purchase from these guys and the glass had a plastic feel and had a very faint yellow tint but not anymore. Im glad that they took customer feedback and incorporated it into their new products.
 Followed the directions that came with it did not work at all lots of air bubbles. I have done many glass covers over the years this one was not good at all.
 As mentioned in some other reviews, this screen protector is slightly smaller than the screen itself. While I wish it covered the entire screen, it does work well and was very easy to apply.
 Fantastic product very easy to install, very durable, and not to mention they customer service is top notch they even followed up with me to make sure everything was as I liked. I responded telling them it was very smooth to the touch easy to install, however I must have installed it at angle and  the screen protector was not flush causing air bubbles. They sent me a replacement in a matter of days for free! I could not be happier!
 Even following the directions it was a little hard to put on.  Glad it comes with two.  I'll try again in a few months when this one gets scratched up a bit.  But so far it works great.
 I used some very expensive screen protectors in the past but thought I'd give these a try for the price.  So far the product is great and just as good as the more expensive ones!  In addition you get 2 screen protectors so I'll use the other one on my wife's phone.  The installation instructions were great and I installed with zero bubbling.  I didn't contact customer service, but they emailed me asking if everything is ok or if they could do anything to assist.  Great product and great seller!
 This screen protector really works.  I have a case for my phone but get the screen protector separately.  Three days after I put on this screen protector I dropped my phone (screenside) directly onto hard tile.  Sure enough, it looked like the screen was shattered.  But when I pulled off the protector, it was the only thing that was damaged.  I immediately put on the second protector from the package.  I like the price, and I like that the company is based in the US!
 Having never used a screen protector in the past, I was hesitant to use one, thinking it might disrupt viewing and functionality.  However, the purchase of my new iPhone 6S, I felt I need to protect my investment.  This Screen Protector does just what is is supposed to do.  Protection without being obstructive. It was a breeze to apply, is tempered glass and comes with 2 in the packet.  The price point was right where I needed. Buy it, you wont be disappointed.
 Bought this along with a case, Price is great! So far this screen protector has done it's job, no complaints there. I gave four stars because I didn't have a perfect no bubble application, which is probably my fault but wish it would have came out seamless. On the upside of that issue, it came with TWO screen protectors! which I though was pretty cool for the price. Pretty satisfied.
 This screen protector was easy to put on and comes with clear instructions, as well as everything needed to get the screen clean before installing the protector. I've only had it a few days so I can't comment on durability, but it seems to be perfect for keeing the screen clean and protected. Happy with the purchase.
 I bought this to go with my UAG iPhone 7 case. I've never put on a screen protector before, ever. The screen protector has always just been a part of my case. This was so easy. The instructions were very helpful, but it was honestly just easy to do because they made the process so intuitive. Totally recommend. I haven't dropped my phone since I placed it on the phone, but I'm very optimistic.
 I just installed the screen protector- easiest application I’ve ever had for a screen protector! Excellent, simple design: extra tabs mean you can hang onto it to apply it correctly without actually touching the phone or the screen. Well done!
 This purchase was made by a repeat customer. My son and I split a pack for our IPhone 6s. Mine lasted over 3 years. Still in the now disabled phone! . My husband bought a more expensive one at the phone store and had to have it replaced twice. FYI- the shipping for the replacement was more than the cost of the 2 pack!!
 This is our second purchase of this screen protector. My husband dropped his phone hard enough to crack the protector, but it did its job and the actual iPhone screen was fine. Our newest one is even easier to put on then the first one. The new tabs on the screen really help with placement.
 Great! Comes with two tempered glasses just in case one breaks or you want to give it to someone else. Got this for my younger sister and father took the other spare. Its great and durable unlike the previous screen protector that broke with a light drop. Tempered glass is really important for screen protecting and definitely prevents actual cracks on the phone itself. Consider in buying this protector if you have the iPhone.
 Really great! They were packaged neatly so there was no chance of breakage or cracks! I did get 2 screens but messed up one of them (that always happens) so I’m happy that the kit had two. The instruction manual is great and the wipes provided really do work! Yes, it is smaller than the actual phone size but that works out great!! I’m really happy with this product so far, I’ll update the review if anything changes.
 I have purchased these screen covers several times (for different devices).  Each time, they have been delivered in a timely manner, are relatively easy to install, and have been great.  My most recent purchase led me to dealing with the company's customer service.  They were wonderful.  They responded quickly, with personal attention, and fixed my issue immediately.  I highly recommend this product/ company.
 I've had my phone for over a year now and it barely got a scratch recently.  This screen protector absorbed the impact so it didn't affect my phone. Thank you.
 The surface of the amFilm iPhone Screen Protector Glass is super slick and highly polished, and the edges are nicely finished, as well. I was very diligent cleaning the screen of the iPhone. Another reviewer suggested using a flashlight from the side to show any dust on the surface of the iPhone during the cleaning. That worked well for me. So, clean carefully and place the protector carefully. Very nice screen protector, and the price is right!
 Can I just say 5 STARS, I was worried about the reviews stating that the glass protector wasn't big enough and it actually its enough to cover the touch screen part, if you align it well before setting it in it will look perfect, also have to say great customer service!!! I have referred 3 people already to get this glass screen protector!!!
 I have a spider phobia and last night this screen protector was tested (unintentionally) when I was taking my trash out to the curb, while holding my phone in one hand, and suddenly there's a giant spider on the handle that I am holding.  Needless to say, I got my cardio in for the week, and accidentally tossed my phone to the ground in the process of defending myself from the scary spider. While my case only had a minor ding on it, the screen protector remained in tact, and more importantly, so did my 1 month old phone.
 The Glass came in perfect condition. The shipment was fast. The instructions were easy and simple to read. I am glad it came with two glass' for I used one on my wife's phone and the other on my phone. The feel of it is great. I do on occasion have to press harder than normal in order to get feedback on my device. The other downfall is the screen peeling off from the sides. I own a Tough Armor Spigen case and even so, the minute the glass lifts a little, it gets dust under it, making it impossible to fully seal one more time and the glass will continue to peel off over time. I have yet to see how it actually cracks, if it ever comes to that point.
 Great screen protector I’ve had mine for a fews months I’ve dropped my phone pretty hard and the screen and the screen protector are intact I’ll definitely buy this product again!
 The first one I put on sort of worked I still got a crack across the screen but it saved my phone from shattering. I put the second one on and just recently dropped it getting out of the car it and the screen protector barely had a crack but my screen underneath shattered. I can't even touch it without getting glass in my finger. It was just disappointing that I thought this was a good product but the second protector didn't work at all and now I'm stuck paying $100+ for a repair.
 I liled the fact that it was Prime so i got it in two days. The protector is great. Very easy to put on. And it is of high quality. Same as a 20 dollar ome only less than half the price. Love it.
 This is protecting my iPhone screen very well so far. My only complaint is that it does not have little tabs to hold when placing the sticky side to your phone. I bought another brand that is exactly the same price and all but has little tabs to hold when attaching it to your screen.
 This product came exactly as it was described! I followed the directions and the product went on the phone within three minutes. I highly recommend this product.
 I liked that I did not have to remove my case to install the screen protector. Perfect size, easy to install, and looks great, as in, don't notice it.
 I just purchased an iPhone 8 and immediately went online to find a case and a screen protector.  I am very pleased with my purchase of the TechMatte screen protector.  It went on easily with no bubbles underneath.  Only took a minute to place.  Very pleased and would recommend and would buy again.
 I screwed up the first one by trying to readjust it and cracking the screen - my fault, but glad this package comes with 2 at such a good price.<br/><br/>The mechanism used to align the screen with the phone is one of the better I've seen, since you have 2 little pull tabs to hover the screen over the phone to get perfect alignment. I don't think I've ever had a screen protector so perfectly aligned on a phone.
 This is the best Screen Protector I have ever purchased. Great quality and very easy to use. Without even using the included Squeeze card and dust removal stickers ( very thoughtful accessories), I cleaned the screen with the wet and dry alcohol cleaning wipes provided in the package, then followed the instruction ( very clear instructions),  and put on the protector with one try without experiencing bubbles.  Couldn't be easier. I am sure you might experience bubbles if you don't have  steady hands, but with all the tools included, the bubbles should be very easy to be removed. Definitely recommend this product to the others. in fact, I shared one ( two in the package) with my friend right way and we both loved it.
 Barely covers the entire screen, is a little to thick for my liking, and left a lot of bubbles even after extensive cleaning and smoothing. Not impressed, I think I’ll stick with the plastic ones next time.
 Great screen protector. You can barely tell it’s there unless you really look for it. But best of all, after owning it for a little over a year, it got a chip in it somehow. A few days later, it dropped and cracked. The actual phone screen underneath was just fine though, and because the company has such an amazing warranty, they are sending me a brand new screen protector replacement for free.
 Bought this screen protector for my new iPhone 8 and it has a pretty bad halo effect. Requested another set from same company with same results. I had this same screen protector for my old iPhone 6s and it worked great. Sorry it didn’t work so well for my 8. Will be trying a screen protector from a different company.
 They work just fine when the directions are followed. I affixed the glass on my husband's phone perfectly.  In affixing mine there must have been dust, dirt or a tny bit of liquid because it left a bubble that I couldn't smooth out.  I ordered another box and redid mine with satisfaction. They really protect the phone's glass surface.
 I had this screen protector on my phone for all of 2 days.  First time I dropped my phone, my entire screen shattered.  The screen cover itself is fine, but my screen underneath is completely ruined.  I've always had screen covers on my phone and have never had anything like this happen. As soon as I switch to this one, I'm now out $150 to have my screen replaced.
 Product arrived in pristine condition due to the quality packaging.  Instructions were very clear and install took a few minutes.  I replaced a cracked protector that cost 3 times what a 2 pack of these cost and found these were of he same quality.  No wonder this is a best seller.  Second time purchasing this since I had such luck with the first set.
 This is my favorite brand of screen protectors.  I bought these for my phone as well as my family.  Excellent quality and the easiest to install.  Wish other brands were as easy to install as these.
 Works well, however, left a "bubble" around all the edges -- basically not sticking around the 4 edges, which is fine (it's still useable), but it's kind of annoying when it gets a bunch of pocket link stuck up in it. Otherwise, it's a solid affordable choice.
 Happy with the product, amazing communication with vendor and great customer service I received from TechMatte. Product as described I would definitely buy products from TechMatte again.
 Works great, has saved my cell many a time. Goes on without any bubbles (if you do it right) and very few if you do it wrong. Easy to install and the backup is good for when it gets old (takes a long time or several serious drops). Would recommend. Worth every penny.
 This item is really top-notch! There is a little video on their website to help you, and all the equipment is in the box, and the price is right! My new iPhone proudly wears this screen protector!  BTW – the video isn't absolutely necessary, but it is a good little security blanket for those of us who don't do this kind of thing every day.
 The first one I tried to put on as directed and got a piece of dust underneath.  I wish there were instructions in the package on how to remove using the provided stickers, but there were none and I was forced to trash it.  The second went on perfectly!  I emailed the company and they are replacing the first one free of charge, what great customer service!  Their warranty is worth every penny.
 Honestly this is the third time I’ve bought the two pack. These screens have protected me from having to replace my actual iPhone screen so many times. And yes these protectors have cracked, I think they have a ‘lifetime’ warrant, but I’ve never bothered with that. With how cheap they are, I’ve gone through 5 protectors so far, I still haven’t paid what it would cost to replace my phone screen even one time. And when I pull the protector off to replace it, my phone screen looks brand new. Great product!
 Excellent protector, easy to install -- as long as you clean the glass well beforehand. Pro-tip: do the replacement in the bathroom, after someone has taken a shower. The humidity will keep the dust down.
 This is the best scratch cover that I have ever used! I have had at least 8 iphones in my life &amp; I usually ask verizon reps to install this. I make a mess of it. This is the first one that I put on &amp; it looks great! Like the extra step in removing plastic films!! Great directions too!!
 It's pretty erfect! Quick shipping, I love that it comes with 2 screens and all the cleaning accessories for both screens, so you can replace and do every a second time if need be. Super easy to follow directions, and very easy application. And I comes with a lifetime warranty if you just follow the directions provided in the package. Really impressed!
 Super easy install.  Great directions, although there are stickers in the package and no explanation about how to use them.....quick search online brings up the "hinge" method of installation.  Using the stickers and the hinge method, the protector was installed in less than 10 minutes with no air bubbles or dust.  Will definitely be recommending this brand to friends!
 It was pretty easy to put it on my phone itself. I got it for an Iphone 7, and it fits good. Read the full instructions before doing anything I suggest. It doesn’t look like i have a screen protector on, overall good so far. hopefully it lasts a while.
 This is like my 5th time buying this brand. I bought it not just myself, but for my kids, mom and bro. I drop my too often for it not to be protected and iPhones are not cheap. lol! I would highly recommended this product.
 I purchase a lot of tempered glass screen protectors for the cell phone users at our company.  amFilm is one of my go-to brands.  I've always had good look with installing them, and they've done a good job protecting the phones.  They are packaged well, and come with everything that you need to clean and install the glass.
 Best screen protector out there! Got this for my 16 yr old's iPhone 6s. has fallen to the ground multiple, thrown on table etc and both protector and phone screen have stayed intact. No scratches, finger prints, warping or bubbles whatsoever. This is the only brand I will buy from now on.
 Screen protector arrived on Saturday, installed it on Sunday and Monday it was already cracked! I am NOT rough with my phone, it wasn't dropped or anything other than put in my back pocket when I was walking around. My other screen protector lasted almost two years. Very disappointed as this one felt stronger than the last one I had. Not sure I even want to attempt using the other cover that came in the package
 Great screen protector for the price. Fits the screen fine. No guide to fit it but two handy taps on the protector are nearly as effective to lower it properly. Company is very responsive. First proteclor's adhesive layer had a corner imperfection causing the protector not to adhere in the corner. Sent them a picture of it and they send a replacement. So far nothing but good experience.
 I was skeptical about ordering a tempered glass screen protector for myself because, in the past, I have always had either my cell carrier install it, or I had the protector installed by the Apple Store - at a very high cost of course.  Well - the Techmatte protector went on VERY easy on my daughter's iPhone 7.  Great product!!  Looks great - lined up easily!!
 I’ve bought this twice, for myself and also my teen’s phone.<br/><br/>After the ridiculously expensive protector my cell provider put on my phone cracked, I thought I’d look for a more reasonably priced, yet durable product.<br/><br/>This product meets both requirements. You cannot beat the price and it’s easy to apply. It protects the phone just as well as a $40 screen protector.
 Added after replacing a cracked screen. Fits perfectly. Feels like glass. Performs like it isn't there. These should come standard with every iphone and every iPhone owner should keep a spare for easy replacement. PLEASE! I'm sick of replacing cracked LCDs for people who don't have tempered glass screen protectors.
 I bought these for my daughter's iPhone 7.  I gave 4 stars, because so far everything is great, but we only have had them for a month.  The screen protectors came a day earlier than projected, completely fine, no cracks anywhere.  The company emailed me a helpful tips video to watch before applying and my daughter put it on no problem.  Very pleased.
 Easy to install, very few bubbles. Quality product, good price. Only time will tell if it hold up. Compared to other brands very easy to install with very few bubbles to remove.
 second time I have bought the glass.  has protected my phone in the past to more then 50 drops without any signs of damage.  after 2 years of daily use and my toddler dropping my phone, the protector glass finally broke enough for me to replace them.  will continue to buy from this company.  you will not regret the product at all.
 My phone feel out of my pocket onto a stone floor. The screen protector was the only thing that broke, it protected my phone. I'm certain that without the screen protector, the glass screen would have shattered into many pieces.
 Excellent product!! Really durable and easy to use.  I am a repeat purchase customer.  I cannot recall the number of times I dropped my iPhone and this protective film really kept my phone in pristine condition.  The first protective film eventually cracked over repeated impacts but my iPhone was perfectly fine!!  The box has two films so replaced it right away.  I also bought it for my daughter as well.  A must item for cellphone carriers with slippery fingers.
 I'm rough on my phone.  As a RE agent I rely heavily on my mobile, but I've dropped it on rocks while searching for lockboxes, climb attic ladders with it dangling from my wrist, constantly dropping it, so about twice a year I replace this glass.  It protects.  I have never cracked my phone glass. When I get a chip in my protective glass I replace it. It works!
 I love this product! They provide clear instructions, cleaners, wipes, everything needed to make sure that you don’t get ANY fuzz under your screen during application. I get a new phone case every year, and I change my glass protector the same time. Most of the time, it’s not even needed! If I ever get scratches on it, it never hurts the viewing of my screen or my thumbs! This is the second time I have ordered their product, and I will definitely order it again!
 Very pleased with this product. I've had it on my phone for a few months now and have had no issues. There is one teeny tiny chip along the side of the protector from one of many phone drops and while it does but me a bit to see it, I'm more than happy that the protector did its job and saved my screen. I found this one to be easier to apply than any of the cheap plastic protectors I had used in the past and appreciated the additional items included to help with installation (wet/dry wipes, dust-eliminating stickers, a small plastic card to help smooth out bubbles). I really quibbled over which screen protector to buy and am glad I chose this one for my stupidly expensive phone.
 First of all, when I received the package it came with a microfiber cloth, wet wipes, and dry towels to clean your screen. The actual screen protector was carefully packaged and I had no problems whatsoever,<br/><br/>Secondly, I messed the screen protector up when putting it on my phone. I emailed Tech Matte and they were more than happy to send me a brand new screen protector free of charge. Seriously, this is an amazing company that cares for their customers.<br/><br/>I HIGHLY recommend purchasing from here.
 First glass based screen protector. Clarity much better then plastic. Also easier to apply to phone - less issues with bubbles. Only knock is cut out around home button on iPhone8. Glass edges are sharp I feel like I’m scratching my finger when swiping up so knocked off a star.
 We just purchased new iPhone 6s.  The screen was easy to install and the directions were very clear.  There were a lot of things in the package that weren't needed for installation.  I completed the installation in the bathroom after running the shower for a while to limit dust in the air as recommended by the manufacturer.  It worked great, no bubbles or dust on the screen.  So far, it has done a good job keeping our screens clean and scratch free.
 Nothing exceptional, but nothing negative to say about the product either. It's a fair item for the price point and I don't really notice anything about it. However, this is actually a good thing for a screen protector.
 So I have had many screen protectors for many phones from many brands including the iphone 7. This brand is special in the aspect that the glass does not completely circle the home button. This may seem to be a flaw but it allows flawless use of the touch id that sometimes gets blocked with other screen protectors. Additionally the adhesive seems perfect and flawless. It also does not seem to hold finger prints as much as some protectors.
 This may be the best screen saver I've ever purchased.  Installation was easy, the glass screen saver fit perfectly and went down without any air bubbles or problems, installation took less than one minute.
 Dropped my phone face down onto rocks this weekend while hiking and this screen totally saved my phone! The protector shattered but my phone was spared. I just bought another pack to have on hand!
 I am well pleased with this screen protector. But it's the first one I have ever had and only for a month, so I have nothing to compare it to.
 Really like this glass screen protector. It was easy to install. I know they made it to be just a bit smaller than the screen but sometimes it bothers me. Little dust and dirt get in the crack between it and my phone case. It would be nice to have it cover the whole screen. Other than that it is great and keeps my phone safe in the event my 4 year old drops it.
 I have had this screen protector on my iPhone X for about a year. It does what it’s supposed to. The screen protector cracked after all this time, but when I removed it, my iPhone screen was still smooth. I just replaced my screen protector and the ease of applying this protector is great. It comes with a plastic guide that you attach to your phone so that you can apply the protector straight and smooth every time. I will buy this again!
 I never write reviews but I had to for this one! The screen protector was so reasonably priced and really does the job! And I couldn't believe it actually comes with a warranty considering how inexpensive it was. I'm always dropping my phone and dreading it when I pick it up but this screen protector has held tough each time. Super easy to install and it's nice they give you everything possible-wet cloth, dry cloth, dust cloth, etc.
 The glass is nice four less scratching and easy cleaning, but I don’t think it protects well doesn’t seem to have any shock absorption, so when my daughter dropped her phone it seem to crack Way too easily
 Amazon won’t approve of this review because it’s negative. They only allow you to say good things regardless it’s quality. Didn’t last long and impossible to get ahold of them for warranty. Easier to just buy new ones.
 This works ok. I have dropped my phone and the phone itself is protected but this screen protector is cracked. So I guess it does its job. I had a different one on my last phone though and it never broke. Maybe the case I had on that one protected the screen from hitting the ground better though. Regardless it does the job of keeping the actual phone screen safe.
 I am very ignorant about i-phone accessories but I took note of good reviews of this product and am glad I did.  Having lived with a cracked screen for weeks, I finally got it fixed and then had the guy fit this screen protector on, plus an otterbox case.  Feels and looks like a new phone - firm yet super-clear.  Excellent value too.
 This screen protector is so great and great for the price, unfortunately my screen cracked at one point when dropping it because it hit a weak point on my phone that the glass just doesn’t reach, however the screen protector was completely fine so there’s that
 I followed instructions in package and related video to clean phone and apply screen protector, but I give the protector 4 stars (instead of 5) since I had to use both protectors in the package before I could get one on without seeing dust or bubbles. Video looks easy enough, but it can be tricky. I saved the protector that I used unsuccessfully. Not sure how or if I can clean for future use. After using both protectors, I saw another video using rubber bands that might have been better for a novice like me to follow.  I have had no problems with the screen protector once it was on, but it's only been 1 week. Hope I don't drop my phone to really test its effectiveness.
 I have switched over to this brand.  Easy to install.  You can easily pull up one end and the lay it flat again to remove air bubbles. Also simple to get properly aligned because the glass is slightly stiff, yet flexible. Occasionally has fibers on it when I unpackage them but I can sometimes use the included dust removal tape to get it off so I don't have to toss the film.  And truthfully, my environment is not as clean as it needs to be for perfect installations.  I would definitely recommend this product.
 This is the first time I have ever ordered these glass screen protectors and thus far I’m very happy with them. it was so easy to apply, I simply followed the directions that was given and minutes later i had a new protected iPhone 8. I’m very happy with this product:) Thank you for having your product available on Amazon!! I will be ordering more for my family!!
 I liked everything about this screen Protector It was easy to apply and appears to be very durable. I have had other screen protectors in the past and had a lot of problems with the application. If needed, I would definitely buy this product again
 Used it on I phone 7 and 6s and it’s perfect size for it and good quality. This is my second time using it did protected my screen from break.
 This is a nice tempered glass screen protector. It comes with two which is awesome for when you drop your phone and the screen protector cracks or if you crack it yourself on accident. I did drop my phone and my screen cracked a little on the top but I also think that was because I dropped it on concrete within the two seconds I had my case off too clean in. All in all a good quality screen protector
 After tripping and falling on to my Iphone 6s on rocky cement stairs, I thought I had completely shattered my Iphone's screen. However after further inspection, the only thing that shattered was the sturdy tempered glass leaving my Iphone's screen looking new and untouched! It was such a relief to know the screen protector did protect my Iphone, and even though it shattered, it comes with a second one, which has lasted me months. Love this product and I will definitely buy it again! It was super easy to apply with easy to follow instructions and dry and wet wipes to clean your phone before application. This is product is an essential in your life!
 I was very happy about how straight I put this cover on using the hinge method. I was able to apply the cover without having any bubbles or debris underneath. But...The darn thing isn't wide enough for the screen. It comes up just shy of each side causing discoloration on both edges of the screen. Very annoying.
 I wish all screen protectors were this easy to install! I can’t vouch for how well it protects against damage knock on wood), so this review is solely based upon the ease of installation and how well it fits on my iPhone 7.
 Purchased this product over a year ago. Took off the screen protector today and installed the second provided screen protector. Needless to say, I drop my phone way too much (including a 6 foot drop onto hard rocks on the beach) but am thankful that the screen protector was in place. There were absolutely no indications of my drops on the real screen itself when I took off the screen protector.
 Very well designed and easy to install. Does a great job of protecting the screen. My daughter had this installed on her iPhone 6S and the protector cracked but her phone screen was perfectly intact after she dropped her iPhone.
 Have had this on my phone for about a year now with no case. I’ve dropped my phone a few times and my screen is fine. The sticker takes the abuse, it’s dinged in places and has “cracks” but the phones screen is 100% fine. I bought more of these for my parents and sister. Is it crazy that i’m impressed something works like it says it should?
 I was wary of this product as it's fairly inexpensive, but today I dropped my phone face down onto cement ground and was sure I did some serious damage. Thankfully, just the screen protector was cracked and not the phone itself! I was standing so it fell a few feet, but phone and screen are unharmed (I have a case on it as well). And because it comes as a two pack, I had a replacement to put on immediately without having to go with a cracked cover or without a protector until a new one arrived. Will definitely be purchasing again!
 Great tempered glass that lines up perfectly with the screen. I have bought these protectors several times for multiple people in my family. The tempered glass has saved my fathers phone a few times already from drops that would have otherwise damaged the screen.
 This screen protector feels very smooth. The process to put it on is also very easy and they provide you with everything you need to put it on. The only thing I can’t fully review is the durability of it, I’m not trying to break my screen but I would assume that it’s a good strength. It would also be nice if the screen protector fully covered the screen, the description does say why they don’t but even then it’d be nice to have it fully covered. To say the least I would recommend them.
 I have already faced the fact that I can be clumsy and with an iPhone you have to be very careful otherwise it will be an expensive repair unless you get a screen protector. I have used this brand already twice and will continue to use it. I drop my phone the the screen protector will crack but NOT MY PHONE!!! This is very affordable and came in the mail pretty fast. #PrimeIsLife
 After never having put on tempered glass before and having to redo mine more than once, all the supplies offered along with the quality of these screens really made me happy with my purchase – all for an amazing price and for great garuntees. Recommending this to friends and family for SURE
 These have saved my phone screen many times. Ever since having a baby, my phone frequently gets dropped or knocked out of my hands . This screen protector has cracked but my screen has not. Now I make sure I always have extras on hand.
 Given, I literally just put this on my phone so I can't speak to its durability, but I love this cover. It's pretty thick which makes me think it'll be a great protectant. It also is SO easy to put on or, "install", as the guide says. I was really nervous about doing it myself for a few days but I did it almost flawlessly in about 2 minutes. As of right now, 5 stars for sure.
 I've had the screen protector on my phone for about a month now, and it is holding up perfectly.  No scratches or peeling, and the phone's 3-D touch continues to work just as well.  The product came well packaged with very well written directions (and a video link) for easy application.  Very pleased!!
 Great product... I will definitely happy with my purchase.Great shipping rates and great customer service, overall my shopping experience would be rated as 10/10.<br/> <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/iPhone-7-6S-6-Screen-Protector-Glass-amFilm-iPhone-7-Tempered-Glass-Screen-Protector-for-Apple-iPhone-7-iPhone-6S-iPhone-6-2016-2015-2-Pack/dp/B01415QHYW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iPhone 7 6S 6 Screen Protector Glass, amFilm iPhone 7 Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 6S, iPhone 6 2016, 2015 (2-Pack)</a>
 I dropped my phone at least twice with this screen protector and it protected my glass on my iphone 6s perfectly. The materials are durable and well made. Highly recommend.
 Product has marks on the glass which did not go away. Also, when trying to remove the protector, it was like glue and shattered into tiny pieces that cute me all over. Please consider buying a better quality one.
 No bubbles! No cracking! Worked better than the $35 ZAGG screen protector. Those broke so frequently. This one hasn’t cracked yet and is lasting awhile. Plus, it comes with two more for way cheaper! Great bargain. Only complaint would be that it does scratch easily and some are noticeable. Otherwise, great product.
 I have bought these screen protectors 3 times now, I love them.  They are a great price, and easy to apply.  My teenage daughter has broken 2 of them.  However, the screen protector is doing its job by keeping the actual screen from breaking.  I have a replacement warranty but I haven’t tried to use it, I registered my most recent purchase by scanning with the phone camera, it was that easy.
 I have used screen protectors for my smart phones for years and find this brand &amp; model easier to apply than previous products. Instructions provided are simple and clear and if followed will result in a perfect adhesion without bubbles. Two screens are in the package and although I expect the first will last for the life of the phone, it is nice to have a spare.
 I'm really happy with this product.  Shipment was fast, and the item arrived as advertised.  My old glass cover was cracked and dirty, so my phone looks a whole lot nicer now.  The cover was easy to put on, and I expect it will last a long time, but it's nice to have a second one on hand (two come in the pack).
 Someone clearly thought this kit through.<br/><br/>Not long I dropped my phone right on its face.  Fortunately, I already had a glass screen protector on it, so the protector shattered and not my screen.  I needed a replacement.<br/><br/>This kit has pretty much everything you need.  It gives you the means to clean your screen, something to iron out the bubbles, and two screens in case you screw up on the first try (like me, and probably a million other people).  What a great kit!
 Product was easy to put on and is used with a Speck case.  It fits very well.  We have switched over to glass protectors years ago and definitely feel they are superior to plastic.  It is very costly to fix a screen therefore, my teens are not allowed to go without one.  We have dropped the phone and hae cracked the glass protector but the screen itself did not have any cracks at all.  The protector did its job!
 After installment of this glass protection, only took one day to be dropped and the protection plastic did indeed protect the iPhone glass from shattering, but the plastic shield cracked. Therefore leaving me to wonder if now since the covering is cracked is there now “less” protection?
 Satisfied with this item. Had no troubles with install and it works great. I love for the price that it came with two just in case. Hopefully the replacement policy is what the preach if I ever need to utilize the warranty. Great product overall.
 This is the best screen protector I have ever used. Great price for a set of two. By FAR the easiest to install. Has very useful tabs that you use to perfectly align the protector without touching it. However I did have to slightly move mine after it touched my phone screen and it got a small crack. So you have been warned DO NOT try to remove this after it is applied or it will break undoubtedly. I have only had this on my phone for a couple days so I will update my review if anything changes.
 I bought this product considering reviews from amazon. But once i applied the screen guard on my iphone6s. I found that its not sticking on all the four edges. Not a good quality product and won’t recommend to anyone.
 Purchased my second screen saver when my phone unfortunately fell to the floor &amp; the screen did its job. It was shattered, but my phone screen was in perfect condition! I held my breath as I carefully removed the tempered glass to find no cracks. I placed another order for one to replace it. (Great that there are two as my husband now has a spare should he drop his phone)
 I bought this for my daughter’s phone after she broke the glass on her iPhone twice in one month.  Yeah, that actually happened.  While I have a tank of a phone case for her... I bought this to give even more protection to the glass.  It is very durable and the picture quality through the additional layer is perfect.  Paying the repair twice in one month sucks!
 Thank God I bought this screen protectors. My kids are notorious for dropping their phones and this screen protector has been saving their screens. So far I've replaced two screen protectors and zero scattered screens. Thanks techmate. I'm ordering another pack of screen protectors for back up.
 I bought this product to replace the cracked screen protector that I paid $25 for one.  This appears to be just as durable as the more expensive one.  It was very easy to apply to my phone.  Just make sure you have a very clean screen and take your time positioning it.  I've only had it on the phone for a few days but I expect it to last as long as the $25 one it replaces.  If it doesn't I've got the other one in the package to replace it.
 Quality looks WOW!!!! They even sent you a link to a video to install them perfectly.<br/>However I just need to return them for a Exchange since I ordered the wrong size.<br/>It's wonderful that they offer 100% satisfaction (see picture below)
 A few days after I put on this screen protector, I accidentally left my phone sitting on the trunk of my car and drove to the grocery store... I found my phone about 2 hours later in the middle of a pretty busy street. Thanks to my speigen case and this glass screen protector, there was not a scratch on my phone (once I peeled off the shattered screen protector). So it definitely absorbs some shock!<br/><br/>It was easy to apply (no bubbles) and looks almost invisible. It does not come to the edges of the screen but if you put it on straight enough it covers the whole lit up part of the screen. I like that it is a little smaller so that my case doesn't push it up at the edges.<br/><br/>Would definitely recommend; good price for a two-pack.
 Old case interfered with microphone. Went with less protective case and this screen protector. I have dropped the phone and protector now has small cracks but protector did it’s job and phone is unharmed. Would buy this product again.
 This a great price for a good screen protector.  It doesn't fit from edge to edge, but covers the viewing part of the screen well.  It is easy to put on and comes with awesome instructions and everything you need.  Hoping it keeps my daughters screen on her iPhone 6s from shattering.  Item game quickly and received an email from the seller with installation instructions.
 This is the 2nd set of these I’ve bought for our 2 phones. The first set worked great &amp; protected of screens from multiple falls. The glass screen protector does crack but the phone doesn’t. Once we had multiple cracks I ordered a new pack. This time I’ll register them so I can qualify for the free replacements
 Overall, this seems like a high quality product.  However, after carefully following instructions to apply the protector to an iphone 7, there are still air pockets all along the long edges.  This is with the protector exactly centered over the speaker/camera/home button.  I feel like the protector is just a little to wide and impacted by the rounded screen edges.
 Needs to be at lest 2 mm longer in height and length. Does not stick well to the glass at edges and especially corners. That’s why the 3 stars. Otherwise looks great.
 The first screen i placed on my phone was not sticking to the edges. It wasn’t even dust bubbles. The actual screen was not sticking to the phone. Had to take it out and use the second one.
 I dropped my iphone, one time, and the screen broke.  The home button area is not cut properly, on this screen saver, and it is plastic, cheap plastic, not tempered glass.  They LIE on their packaging.
 Amazing screen protector! I've had this protector for as long as I can remember (I think it has been a year). I just replaced the first one with the second that came in the pack. My phone has ZERO cracks
 I got this product because I am a clumsy person and I drop my iPhone 6 about 6 times a day.  The installation was extremely easy.  They included two screens, which means that I'll have a back-up handy.  Having a screen protector gives me a lot of peace of mind.
 I have bought other screen protectors in the past but my son told me the glass ones were better.  Boy was he right!  I always had trouble getting particles of dust and bubbles on the plastic screen protectors and this glass protector comes with the right type of wipes - a wet one and a dry one that don't leave any particles (they also suggest putting on the glass protector after steaming the bathroom to reduce dust in the air -great idea I'll try next time).  I installed it today and it looks perfect.  Follow the simple instructions and it is really cool how once you clean it, peel off first film, align it and place it, you press your finger in the middle and magically you see the whole glass protector film attach itself from the center out - it is really cool to see.  Really well done TechMatte!!  I highly recommend this product.
 I have been purchasing this product for several years now.  UsIng then for my family of 5 with deferent phone upgrades through the years.  The kit for installing them has made each install go smoothly and with perfect alignment each time.  The screen have saved many of our phones from being damaged sacrificing the screen protector rather then the phone from terrible falls that would have ruined the phone screen.  I’ve tried other brands with deferent results but this has always been my go to favorite.
 I've had this for a couple months and so far so good but I also haven't dropped my phone yet to put it to the true test. I have an iPhone 6s and yes the screen protector is slightly smaller than the phone and you can see the edges but I don't really care about that. It does show smudges/fingerprints very well so make sure you always have a microfiber cloth with you to clean it if you don't like how that looks.
 Love this screen protector. I used to install them once upon a time, so I got all my stuff out to install this one only to find that they provided all of the items needed. I also liked that they included 2 screen protectors so I had an extra in case I messed up. I’ve been using it for a couple weeks now and still love it. I’m only giving it 4/5 though because there is some minor lifting on one of the corners, but could be from pulling up during installation. Overall great product.
 Works great! My husband broke the expensive one when we got  our new  phones the 2nd week. He has had for a while now and has yet to crack it or break yet. 😃👍
 I have only ever used these screen protectors on all of my iPhones. They work great and they will give you a hassle-free refund if the product is anything less than perfect. I drop my phone all of the time and the protector has only ever cracked on the corners and there has never been any damage to my actual screen as long as I have one of these on.
 I dropped my phone and it shattered the screen protector but my screen was completely fine! I bought more after that! Love this product
 I'm not big on putting screen protectors on because once I put it on, there could be dust or something still under it. And that's what happened with my last one. Honestly the price was a little over what all the others were, but all the supplies that came with it definitely did help when trying to get the dust off. When I put the screen protector on it was very easy because of the little handle on the top and bottom. When I looked at it, there was no dust whatsoever. I do recommend being in a room with good lighting. Overall this is a great screen protector!
 This thing saved my husbands phone! It dropped nearly 5ft - We thought it was shattered, took the cover off and the screen was unharmed underneath! Crazy! I didn’t have high expectations because of the price, but I already ordered more for myself and extra for him!
 Great instructions.  It was easy to put on and it looks great, no bubbles, no defects, fits nicely.  I did have to redo the Touch ID fingerprints once the glass was on, because it wouldn't recognize the scans. I don't know it's a normal thing, but it was no big deal, took me an extra 2 min.  Will buy again. Very happy with product. I DID NOT get this product for free or reduced price, just leaving a review because I like it.
 I have only had it a week but love it so far. I love that it came with wipe off cloths (both a wet one to first clean, the a dry one to wipe it nice and dry w/o lint). The directions were very clear and it was very easy to install. Fits just right. It is a set of 2 which was great for me as had one for my I phone 6s and one for my I phone 8! Great protector!
 Arrived quickly and easy to install. Second time I had to buy because I'm a klutz. I give 4 stars Bc it's not idiot proof. First time I got a smidge of lint under screen. You CANNOT LIFT protective screen once it's been on. It WILL crack.<br/>This second time I got a big air bubble under.
 Great product. Easy installation. Customer service was TOP NOTCH - one suggestion though :-)<br/>The product card with instructions has wrong link to write reviews... should be amazon.com/review/review-your-purchases (with the s)<br/><br/>Thank you for the awesome customer service, immediate response and great product.
 this screen protector arrived quickly and was easy to apply. Replaced a cracked screen protector, so the difference is night and day. Unable to comment on durability as have only been using it about weeks.
 This worked great for my iPhone 8. It doesn’t go completely to the edges of the screen but has protected mine very well. I was able to leave it on for about 5 months before changing it out as it had become cracked enough to be distracting.. Someone a little less clumsy than I could definitely use it longer.  When I finally took it off it was broken to pieces but the screen on my phone is still perfect. Have noticed no change in the sensitivity of the regular touch screen or 3D Touch while using this. I am ordering again.
 I really like the cleaning products included. It took me both glasses to get it on right, but that's OK. Still a great deal and holding up well.
 I paid $45 at Verizon for a screen cover that I managed to crack a short time after purchase. I received 2 covers. So easy to apply! No air bubbles, and a nice clear screen! Love this product !
 Over the years I had used plastic film protectors on my screens, but the marketing and feedback seemed appealing (on glass protectors) and proceeded to look into the various options. I chose this product from amFilm as I had used their products before.<br/>First impression: neatly packaged, everything needed is included, overly simple instructions, glass is notably thicker than the film protectors I have previously used.<br/>Application: Initially I was a bit concerned at the overly simple instructions (i.e., summarizing= wash your hands, clean your phone's screen, align and apply), but it was that simple, and almost no bubbles to squeeze out. I was pleasantly surprised as to how easily the glass uniformly just stuck to the screen.  Note: I have read various reviews sharing that the glass is slightly bigger therefore it bubbles (or doesn't stick) on one of the sides at the edges; regarding this, I can see this happening if not perfectly centered. I highly suggest taking the time to center protector perfectly onto the screen and there should be no issues. I purchased the one for the iPhone 7 and it was perfect. Again, I made sure that it was centered and even turned on an air cleaner in the room to ensure floating dust didn't land on my phone in the short time between cleaning and applying the protector.<br/>Overall: at first, given the low cost and the thickness of the glass I was bit skeptical, but after a few weeks with it (and comparing it to my other phone (to which I applied a new film protector at the same time)) this is clearly a winner, and unlike the previous protectors which I would have to replace every few months, I believe this glass may last years.<br/>A comment regarding company's support: I did notice a slight chip on a corner by the home button and reached to the company for advice, and they immediately replied asking for a picture and order number and promptly shipped a replacement screen.<br/><br/>I am very satisfied with both the quality of the product, ease of installation (just make sure it is properly centered), and pleasantly surprised at the quick response and resolution of their customer services. I won't be looking else where for any future purchases.  Now that I know, I would pay more for this than trying cheaper products from a different company.<br/><br/>I hope this helps...<br/><br/>Update: over half a year with it and I am very satisfied. Far more resistant to scratches/wear than all previous films I had used. Glass still looks great; granted, I do take care of the phone.
 I bought a 2 pack of these glass screen protectors for my iPhone 6 based on the Amazon reviews. Installation was simple. Just follow the process outlined in the kit and you end up with a perfectly installed shield with no air bubbles or dust. I used the first one I purchased for over a year and the screen protector looked like new - even after several drops. I liked them so much, I bought another pack and put them on all our phones. These will be my go to shield for any new phone we purchase.
 I ordered this for my iphone 7 plus.... haha whoops! I was pretty upset thinking I'd been ripped off or lied to. But it was my stupid mistake. :p I gave them to my little brother who owns an iphone 6 and he loves it! He says it's really durable and fit his phone really well!
 I've only had my iPhone 7 for a little over a month now. I've been so paranoid about cracking the screen as I had the 5S before this one and it NEVER cracked. I dropped my new phone yesterday on concrete and I saw cracks all along the screen. I almost cried until I realized it was on the screen protector! The phone itself was still in perfect condition! And because this comes with two protectors, I just came home and replaced the cracked one. I'm so happy with this product
 I have to say this screen protector was ridiculously easy to install. Best part is I put it only two 2+ year old iPhone 6's and the scratches that were on my phone are completely hidden with this protector.<br/>I have used protectors many years ago and they were terrible. Bubbles and lifted edges appeared immediately. And once dirt or dust gets under them, it's over. This thing is rigid enough to hold down the edges and has zero effect on my touch screen sensing. You have a great product.<br/><br/>I have only had it on for about 1week. No scratches or bubbles and it seems to have renewed the look of my phone surface.
 The cover was easy to apply (as easy as any protective cover can be) and is on there very securely. It doesn't go all the way to the edge of the phone like other plastic covers I've use, but it covers the screen which is all that is needed. That should help it stay on because it isn't on an edge, which would give it more chances to be disturbed and start to peel. As I expected, it is thicker than a plastic cover, so there is a slight edge when I push the home button. I've only had it for a few days, so I can't attest to durability, but so far it has been perfect.
 I have only had the cover on for about a week but am happy so far. It was easy to install and even had a warranty online submission option. My mother has this brand also and recommended it to me.
 I've been buying Invisible Shields from Zagg for years and got tired of spending $40+ on them.  I decided to try these and wish I did it years ago, as good as the much more expensive options out there.  Install was a breeze in a little less than 10 minutes.
 I drop my phone a LOT and this screen protector has always prevented my phone screen from breaking (I also always try and have a phone case with a bumper for extra protection!). Also, my phone’s touchscreen response time is as rapid with the protector on as it is when it is off. I have bought this product several times now and have been very pleased with its performance!
 This is the best screen protector I've ever used. I bought a screen protector for my mom, but the tampered glass got very rough over time and was difficult to install. After getting this product I was pleased to get a product that was easy to use and good quality. I would highly recommend this product for your iPhone.
 I thought this might be too good to be true at first but figured I would give it a shot for the price and it's great. The application was very straightforward and quick. The protector itself seems very nice and like it will cover my phones screen nicely for a while. No it does not go to the very edge of the phone screen, but the manufacturer explains that it is so the protector will not peel away so easily. It doesn't bother me at all. It comes with everything you need to put it on correctly, and even though there was a few air bubbles at first I was able to lift it with the stickers and remove them without wasting the protector. Overall I am very pleased because I've paid four times the price for one glass protector that was terrible.
 Second screen saver for my phone. First one saved my screen. Phone took a really hard hit to the screen. All it did was scratch the screen saver. Great investment to buy this product. Thanks
 Perfect fit. Easy install. Everything you need vibes in the box.
 Pros:<br/>Exactly as described<br/>They're easy to install and provide the same tactile sensation as if you were touching the iPhone's screen directly.<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>Slightly thinner than the screen for easy install-- also means if you're off-centre by even a tiny bit, you get that rainbow effect on the edge of the screen protector
 I purchased this tempered glass screen protector for my new iPhone 7 and was able to install it easily without any problem. It is slightly smaller than the screen of the phone, but I don't see it as such a huge problem given that I'm using a case on my phone. The company sends you an email with a link to a YouTube video that explains in a few seconds how to clean and install the screen protector.<br/>Step 1: clean with the included wet wipe.<br/>Step 2: clean with the included dry wipe.<br/>Step 3: use dust removing sticky paper to pick up any last remaining specs of dust.<br/>Step 4: remove the sticky film off the one side of the screen protector and place on the iPhone screen (along with avoiding the cutouts on the phone, make sure to check that the edges of the black part of the screen are covered, every mm of it)<br/>Step 5: *very important* let the screen protector stick itself to the screen, do not wipe down on it until all of it sticks on its own ... don't touch it!<br/>Step 6: when the entire screen is stuck, swipe top to bottom or side to side to remove any left over air bubbles<br/><br/>I did not mess up the application too much, but if I did, I'm not sure how easy it is to remove the screen protector and try with the second one they send in the same package. But if you do mess up, there's a second one available to try again. Or share with a friend or family member.<br/><br/>Update: I have since purchased several rounds of this screen protector because they keep cracking at regular intervals. Thankfully the product has a good warranty!
 I had this screen protector on for just over a year. As you can see from the picture, it has taken a real beating (I’m a bit rough on my phone), but my screen is still in perfect condition. The only problem I’ve had is that it is hard to scan barcodes off my phone with the screen protector in place (a problem that I’ve always had with any screen protector that I have used).  I oils definitely recommend this product.
 I am so pumped right now! My new phone was dropped on a rocky path and had what I thought were several cracks on my screen....however the only cracks were to the screen protector....I was so bummed as I had vowed to keep this phone in pristine condition. I actually made an appointment to have the phone screen replaced at a cost of $129....then someone suggested that maybe it was only the protector....so I peeled off the protector and voila -- it was only the protector so this is the BEST purchase ever -- I would highly recommend this product!!!
 Dropped my phone on it’s side on the concrete. I thought I had broken the screen, but lo and behold, only the protector was broken. Yay!!!! seems to do what it says it will do.
 This is a great screen protector and very courteous company and will buy again. Love that they sent a helpful email before I got the product to help with the ease of use. Let me know that the cover doesn't go all the way to the edge which is perfect because if it did, my phone cover wouldn't fit on my phone. The only thing I wish I had know what that I should align the camera and speaker hole first and not the home button. I didn't align the cover correctly and I had to try and peel it off and adjust, now my cover is lifted at the corner and won't go down. It was totally user error as it's a great product. Will totally buy more!
 So far I'm very happy with my purchase. I've already dropped my phone a couple of times with the screen protector on and no cracks. Very easy to install on your phone. Some fingerprints show up but they wipe off easy.
 I wondered about the description of the glass screen protector, because I don't have a glass screen on my phone, but this was the only option I could find to purchase. I was surprised with the screen protector, very easy to install and thick unlike previous ones I have purchased. Good product!!
 This product is awesome, dropped my phone screen first on straight gravel. Shattered the protective layer, but no damage to my phone at all. Replaced it with the second screen protector and several months later, my clumsy self layed down with my phone and various tools and keys in my pocket. Crushed the layer and no damage to the phone. Emailed the company about the warranty and just received my replacement in the mail. Too easy! Worth the investment!
 Love it! Looks great, fits perfectly. Some people are saying it doesn't cover the entire front, but the edges of our phones are slightly rounded! So how could it?! It's a piece of glass people. It is totally worth the money, it's a solid piece of glass, and you can hardly tell it's on there.
 Fits my phone perfectly. The glitter is cover is a conversation starter! I heard stories about it leaking, but I've had mine a couple months and so far, so good! The screen cover is lacking though it's a bit too small I think. Over all a great buy!
 Screens were very easy install and the package was complete with all the instructions, labels and wipes. Used both of mine immediately and it looks great on my iPhone 7 and 8 (personal and work phone). As indicated in the description, it doesn’t fully cover the whole screen, but just leaves enough for the case. Touch screen works perfectly and have not experienced any kind of delay. Would definitely recommend - great buy for the great price.
 Love this screen protector!!! I had one for almost two years now before it took a big impact that left only the screen protector chipped and cracked. Scary sight to see on my phone. I was worried that the impact went all the way through to my actual screen.  Luckily or by sheer great design, the screen protector did the job perfectly.  My phone was in pristine condition with only the screen protector that needed to be replaced.
 We had just installed the screen protector the day before my wife dropped her phone. Peeled the protector off and it absorbed the impact - no damage to the phone! Sent TechMate an email thanking them for an amazing product, and they sent a new set of screen protectors. Terrific customer service to match a terrific product.
 This is one of the very few reviews that’s i he ever write. I really like the product that they are offering. The glass protector doesn’t make the touch heavier or anything. It adheres really well to the product. So far, i’ve Had it on for about a month or so. Nothing to complain about at all. Ohhh, and the surface is really really pleasantly smooth. You will love! This is of course if you place it on your screen well. Other than that, Enjoy! :)
 This is a hard shell, convenient, very durable case. It conveniently allows access to all of the ports and buttonso needed to operate the Kindle while enclosed
 This is the second set of these screen protectors I've purchased for my iPhone 6s. The first set lasted for several years and I only recently got a chip out of one of them after about 2 years on my phone. Totally durable and more than worth the money.
 This is a great product that has saved my phone numerous times. The price is amazing compared to what AT&amp;T charges in the stores and i feel its just as good quality
 Super easy to install bubble-free. Beautifully packaged with everything one needs for a frustration-free install and maintenance: wipe/dry cloths, scrape card to press out bubbles, tabs on both ends for easy positioning, good instructions, cloth cleaner for maintenance. It is slightly smaller than the screen because of the curved edges your phone's screen. Quickly installed on both an iphone 7 and 6S with no problems.<br/>***UPDATE: Teen dropped her iphone 6S on pavement. The protector cracked, but the phone screen itself was absolutely unharmed. It did its job perfectly. Ordered a new one. Old one was easy to remove, the screen cleaned up well with the wipe included with the replacement, and again it installed bubble-free - start to finish in just a few minutes.
 So far so good with this product. In fact, as I was getting out of an SUV in a busy parking lot, my phone flew out of my hand and landed hard. No damage at all to the screen, and even this screen protector was still intact. I bought this product based on the recommendation of a fellow shopper who just happened to be walking by and saw me looking at these in a store. Once I got my new phone, I ordered them based on her recommendation -- and I'm glad I did.
 bought screen protectors for 2 different iPhone 7, one protector has a mar on the screen , and the other has a big bubble in it, I've worked replacing lcd screens and replaced hundreds of tempered glass so i am sure it is no due to my error, but at least I received them in a timely manner and for fair price, just wish they didn't come with imperfections.
 Easy to apply, looks good. The only problem is a slight one but i wanted it to address it - the very edges of the screen protector don’t look adhered to the phone. Its only a visual problem, because the protector stays on fine, it’s just a small thing. It could just have been my mistake when putting it on. Other than that, it’s a great product.
 I hardly ever write customer reviews, but I just HAD to for this one. While walking into the pharmacy today, I dropped my phone straight on to the screen on the street. I turned it over to reveal my worst nightmare, the entire screen was shattered and my heart broke into a million tiny pieces. I was afraid to remove the screen protector, fearing that all the broken shards of my screen would come out with it...BUT IT DIDN'T!!!!! I pulled back the protector that was a shattered mess, and my screen is just like brand new!! Not a scratch, crack, nothing! I was so happy I almost cried! Ordering myself and my boyfriend each another pair right now!
 I bought this screen protector for my new iPhone 6S.  It fits perfectly over the screen and becomes invisible. I used a new cloth to clean the original phone screen rather than using the supplied alcohol wipe.  Some writers on the web advise against alcohol on screens, so I decided to use an alternate method before applying the tempered glass screen.  This is an especially good value because there is a second screen in the package.  Be sure and watch the video for installation steps.
 I've had this screen protector for about 3 weeks and really like it. My only issue is with user error because I'm not skilled in putting these things on apparently haha. The instructors were easy to follow and it wasn't a difficult process, I just apparently couldn't get it straight.
 Seems to be a good protector. Cleans up easy. The only thing I wish they had included was a installation assist tool. I saw another protector that had one included. I would have paid more for that. If I had to do over I would have tried that protector first. I really took my time and still did not get it just right on my iPhone. All and all though this seems to be a good product.
 I don't normally write reviews.  However, in this case, TECHmatte honored their warranty when the screen protector was broken in a falling accident.  TECHmatte sent me a new screen protector, arriving in about 3 day from when I made the warranty request.  It really doesn't get any better than that.  Protected my phone from breakage.  Then, when screen protector cracked, the company honored the warranty in no time flat.  That is a 5 star rating all day long.
 Great company. Follows up if I received their product and if I'm satisfied. Fantastic product. Protected my iPhone many a time since I accidentally drop it all the time especially coming out of my car, when I have no where to put it because I have no pockets, walking my dogs. Unlike the plastic protectors, this one shows clear visibility even after using it weeks later.  I highly recommend this product.
 I've had a light weight screen protector on my iPhone for some time, but I wasn't sure what good it was really doing.  This one is obviously protective and yet all the touch functions work very well.  I was very impressed with how easily the protector went on correctly - the little "handles" are a big plus when applying it.  I'm ordering more for other family iPhones.
 Excellent!  The product, service and instructions with video, make the amFilm glass screen protector a great buy!  I installed it today and carefully followed directions.  It worked great and it's easy!  It helped to have watched "professionals" install previous screen protectors. The difference is, I paid $25 each for the glass and installation and I brought my phone to them.  Follow the directions carefully and you will be satisfied.
 If people read the description they would see that it clearly states it doesn't reach the ends of the iPhone 7 because of the design of the phone.<br/><br/>With that being said, mine was incredibly easy to put on. I'm hoping I never have to find out how well it protects against cracks but so far so good. The tabs really help with placement.<br/><br/>I didn't put mine on in the shower like others but it was definitely spotless (mine is easy to see dust because I have the jet black). The price was great and I'm going to get another set just in case and one for my iPad Pro
 Garbage. I followed the directions EXACTLY and put on the screen protector on extremely carefully and slowly lined everything up. Still air bubbles on the corners and edges that stick out like a sore thumb. Not only that, but the thing came pre scuffed up with some visible scratches. it feels and looks like my beautiful phone now has this layer of ugly on it.
 It broke after 2 weeks, too thin. I’m very careful with my phone, but it broke fast. It protects only from scratches.<br/>The last protector I had never get broke in 2 years. But I just bought a new phone and had to buy a new one.
 Super easy to install.  I loved the tabs at the top and bottom of the protector that allows accurate alignment before the glass begins to adhere to the phone’s screen.
 Worst product I’ve ever bought. Impossible to install yourself. They say “do not touch the adhesive once plastic is removed” but after scraping the edges to try and get it off the corner for 5 minutes. I finally managed to get off the film, only to discover that all the adhesive ripped off onto the removable plastic. So now I’m stuck with 2 screens that don’t stick to anything. Yes BOTH of them in the 2 pack were like this.
 Good screen protector, though I dropped my phone and now the screen is cracked with one line going though it but I feel like if i didn’t have the screen protector on it would’ve shattered my whole screen... truly works only gave it four stars because there is just one crack through it.
 I have bought several screen protectors over the years.  They all seem to work, but the ease of installation has varied greatly from product to product.  This one includes everything you need to do a proper installation (including cleaning wipes) and is very easy to install.  Installation literally took me less than 5 minutes....which included reading the instructions and the minimal prep that's necessary.  I even dropped test the product this morning (on accident) and it passed the test.  I would recommend this product so far though I've only had it on for a couple days.
 I bought this for my iPhone 8. I'd give 5 stars, but the screen protector is a little small and it doesn't cover the entire front of the phone, which was a bit annoying at first. But, it covers the screen and it seems durable. Since it's a glass screen protector, I imagined it to be thick and uncomfortable to use, but you don't even know that it's there! Also, the 2 screen protectors come with little wipes and stickers to clean off dirt, so that's really great and handy.
 This is the third set of screen protectors that I have purchased from amFilm. They are a perfect fit and super strong! I slammed my phone against a masonry wall and the protector cracked, but my phone was undamaged. Best $$ you can spend for a $700.00 phone!
 These screen protectors are great. Well packaged with all the items and instructions included for a very easy and successful application. Your screen looks and operates perfectly and remains protected from damage. Well worth the reasonable price. Thanks for the good product!
 Huge fan of the tempered glass screen protectors for my smart phones. Holds up MUCH better than the flexible films that are often more expensive. They also rarely get bubbles beneath because of their rigidity. Company stands behind the product and they also are CRYSTAL clear, great feel and response also.
 The TechMatte screen protector is awesome.  It comes with 2 pieces of glass, so if you drop your phone and crack it, or if you just mess up while applying it, you have a backup :)  That said, all the materials are included to install the screen protector quickly and without air bubbles.  I especially like the flaps on the glass that help you perfectly align the protector in the correct position for my wife's iphone 6.<br/><br/>Plus, she has dropped it with the screen protector and it saved the screen as it's supposed to.  I'm applying screen protector #2 tonight
 This product does not work for iPhone 8 despite the description.  It does not adhere to the edges of the screen.  I even tried to follow up with the seller, but they did not respond.  It worked fine for iPhone 7, but I’ll have to take it off so I can get my money back since it doesn’t work on the 8.
 I'm glad I trusted my gut and purchased these for my new iPhone 7. I had read some reviews that because the screen is slightly curved, that it doesn't form well to the phone. I had absolutely no problem putting this on my phone. It took less than a minute and adhered perfectly. It's been a week since I've put it on, and it's still great so far. It's a sturdy protector, with not much bend to it
 The only issue I had was getting dust particles trapped when applying the first screen. Thankfully with the 2 pack I had a second one to use and was able to get the second one installed without that issue. I suggest following the recommendation on the instruction sheet about doing it in a bathroom after running hot water. Maybe it was the dry winter air here that contributed to my first installation problem but the bathroom suggestion worked the second time. I would order this product again.
 I bought this screen protector for my friend kai.  he's such a handsome fellow that Kai. I mean my God how, I cannot emphasize enough how inhumanely handsome that amazing man is. The handsome fellow Kai then proceeded to get extremely inebriated, angry and throw his phone at a tree. For 3 long weeks he thought that the screen protector was garbage and that he had cracked the screen of his phone.  recently he discovered that it was not his phone screen that was cracked but the Glorious screen protector that Shielded his phone from his rage. For that reason I am giving this a glowing 5-star review on behalf of my really handsome friend Kai. Nice job.
 been using for a few months now and am in love. for the price I am shocked at how well this product works. I have a corner cracked and it still hasn’t given me problems or become faulty. great product and even better deal.
 Has a warranty you have to register for, which isn’t too bad atleast you get a warranty. I wish there was a a guide on the second tear off that would show you exactly where the holes were. It would help a lot.
 Bought these when I got my phone 10 months ago. I have dropped my phone numerous times without issue. Last weekend my luck ran out. I dropped my phone on concrete and when I picked it up, I thought “great, now I’ve joined the club of people walking around with a cracked screen!” But to my pleasant surprise, as I peeled back the layer of TechMatte film, it took the blow for my phone and my actual screen didn’t have a scratch or crack on it! It looked brand new!! Needless to say, I immediately ordered a replacement!!
 Basically a thin piece of plastic. I used both of these and they lasted one drop. The first time my 2 year old barely dropped my phone from his height both the screen and the protector completely shattered. Hoping it was only one faulty screen protector I got my screen fixed and put the second one on. My phone fell out of my pocket on to time and again both my screen and protector shattered. Do not buy these! They are a waste of money. You'd be better off putting saran wrap on your screen.
 This product is very durable. I have ordered it before and have never had an issue. I gave the spare in the previous order to my sister. She loves it too. It responds like there is no protective glass cover there. I tend to have chips, issues with sensitivity, or the glass peels up with other products in months but not with this product. I would highly recommend it. The service from TechMatte is also impeccable. They reach out to you to make sure you are satisfied and make it right if you are not. I will order from them again if I need a new product.
 Great product. The only gripe I have is the instructions, before placing the protector onto the phone, it says to hold by both tabs, but the protector will start releasing before placing on the phone. The protector looks great and is extremely durable. Highly recommended.
 Good product but at the around the home button there is always an air bubble that just seems to get bigger with time. I’ve purchased the product twice and this happend both times. This may be due to the small space between the bottom of the home botton and the bottom of the iPad leaving little space to seal.
 These were the most easy screen protectors I have EVER put on a phone and I have done many over the years.  The directions were very detailed and easy to understand.  Not a single bubble on either phone an the first try.  No frustration at all!  Would definitely buy again.
 Easily applied, even though the edges aren’t perfect but what screen protector is..has enough space to fit your phone case around...what takes the cake is the lifetime warranty...puts me at ease knowing that i don’t have to keep buying these things, so far so good
 My wife has been using these protectors for over 2 years now, they can take the beating. We have young kids who apparently love dropping the phones all the time ! My wifes phone has survived a number of falls and these protectors have taken the shock. We replace the glass from time to time with a new one and looks gorgeous.
 Still my favorite screen protector. I've purchased this product numerous times throughout the years. This is forever my go to screen protector!
 Shattered screen underneath. Both my fiancé and I have phone cases and put these glass protectors on and the screen under the glass protector was shattered for ours. Terrible. Instead of cracking and saving the screen the expensive iPhone screen was shattered. Would not recommend.
 This is the best screen I’ve ever purchased. It’s thick and extremely durable. It’s saved my phone on a number of occasions. This is my second purchase (as you can tell I’m hard on my phone). I’d never buy a new phone without one of these!
 This case has saved my phone from shattering a handful of times (dropped while hiking, on the concrete sidewalk, etc.) so I always come back to buy after that happens! Don't buy the protectors that the carrier will sell you for several times the price. This product is super reliable and highly recommended!
 I’ve only used one screen for about a week now and it’s awesome so far. It’s really easy to put on and provides a clear image on your phone. I’ve definitely dropped it and expected to crack a few times but these screen protectors are pretty durable. I’ve used similar items before this brand and they were just as great, although they didn’t look as good on the phone
 We love these screen protectors so much we ordered this 3 times in 3 weeks.  My kids and my husband commented that these are the best they have ever had to protect their phones.  They go on extremely easy.  There are no more air bubbles to work out and no more specks of dust to deal with until you next cover.  We highly recommend these.  We are an Apple family by the way.
 Third time buying and will continue to buy this product for my whole family. Tested and true to its word continues to protect my iPhone despite being battered and tortured by toddler😞
 Great kit to get your phone that extra needed protection. You literally get everything you need in this kit from cleaning your phone to applying the screen on. I am also bery pleased with customer support. They were very helpful and made my experience an awesome one. Thank you
 .This is the 2nd time buying this product.. recently dropped my phone in a gravel driveway, the screen protector "spider" cracked, but the phone was unharmed. This is a lifesaver product for sure. Had a problem getting them one exact.. but the 2nd time,, like a glove.
 I have used tempered glass screen protectors from various vendors for different apple devices in my family.  The amFilm 2 pack screen protectors are very good deal at the 9.99 that I paid for them, and a every bit as good in quality as any of the other more expensive brands.  I will also say that while the packaging isn't as fancy, the contents are actually superior to that of say TechArmor.  The amFilm product comes with two tabs that you keep on the screen to help you lower it onto your device, which is a small helpful difference from other packaging that wants you to remove the film and lower it by hold the edges of the glass protector as you lower it.  You also get two sets of wet screen cleaner as well as dry, and two sets of dust remover adhesive strips which all work effectively.  I have reordered this product for my new 6S devices because I liked it so much for my iPhone 6 devices.
 Without a doubt the best screen protectors I bought. I've been using this screen protector for 8 months. Because the screen protector is glass, you can only tell on the sides of the phone that it is even there. Earlier this week I picked up my dropped phone to see a nasty spider crack from the ear piece half way down my screen. While searching for glass crack repair kits, I pulled off my screen protector, and to my surprise, it was only the screen protector that was cracked and the phone was perfectly fine. I simply put on the second screen protector, and in 30 seconds I went from hideous crack to new looking phone!
 Out of all the gimmicks I have seen with Screen protectors, this one is the simplest and effective. Instructions are clear as well and I managed to apply to almost no bubbles. Tiny bubbles went away in a couple of days.
 Went on with only one small bubble, the bubble was my fault for not following the directions close enough. The bubble has been in the same place for a month and doesn't get in the way. The protector is clear, doesn't get in the way of using the touch pad, and I anticipate will be on the phone till I replace it in a year and a half.
 I like the material on this screen protector.  If you follow the directions (like I did the SECOND time) it goes on correctly!  Nice protector for the price!
 The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is that it would be helpful if they included a small plastic "squeegee" instead of the cardboard one to get the air bubbles out.  I used a credit card to get them out.  The prep cleaning cloths work well and the protector fit on my 6S perfectly.
 Great product! Easy to apply to iPhone - my previous screen protector cracked after a year of use. This protector makes my phone look brand new! Will definitely buy this again!
 The amFilm protector glass for my iphone 7, and my son's 6s<br/> worked very well, the instructions were clear, correct and precise. I have used other companies protectors and the instructions were not clear, correct, or complete. I will definitely purchase this again.  The kit was  complete and more than expected, it had the wet and dry wipes, if you follow the instructions, you will not have any bubbles.
 This was easy to put on and a great deal for two.  Less expensive than others but equal quality.  They also will replace for the lifetime of the item.  You just need to do a quick registration.
 Screen Protector arrived in well protected packaging for shipping.  Product is as described and was easy to put on the phone.  This screen protector is smaller than my previous one and leaves a bigger gap from edge of phone but still covers what is needed for protection from screen breakage.  A really good buy for a 2 - pack so I have an extra one on hand.
 great for a cheap way to protect your screen, was very easy to apply and came with everything you will need. and nice thing is that it comes with two of them so you will have another just in case. I have the Iphone 7 regular and it fits great.
 I like that you get two for a reasonable price. It does leave fingerprints but those are easily wipeable. The step by step instructions (along with the necessary materials) they give you make it a breeze to put on. It hasn’t scratched at all and has so far, protected the screen.
 This was so worth the money and more. This is my first screen protector glass and I am in love. I really like how it comes with wet and dry wipes to clean screen. There are stickers to remove dust. A card to lay it perfectly on the screen. It gives you tips on how to installed glass without getting unwanted bubbles and dust from the air by running hot water in your bathroom and installing in the bathroom. The steps are very easy to follow. It looks so great on my new phone. It keeps its word about zero bubble scratch resistant, hardness and crystal clear screen. Will buy again and will recommend to friends and family.
 The package come with two sets of screen protector, wet wipe and dust removal sticker. I putted the screen protector on by myself by following the instructions. The installation is very easy, especially with the wet wipe and dust removal, which made the application very easy and fast!<br/>Overall, it’s a great product! I definitely would recommend this to all of you!
 I really like this screen protector. I have not dropped phone yet (and don’t try to test it...lol) but it is the best one I have bought from an installation standpoint. I like that it stops short of edge of screen, and the tabs that help you to align.
 Well I’ve now ordered this product twice. Every time I’ve dropped my phone I was sure the screen would be broken! But this product has saved it! Literally dropped it on concrete directly on the screen. But also had a apple case on my phone witch probably help aid the fall. Either way I recommend this product!
 Very pleased with this product. The company had emailed me with a link to a video showing exactly how to apply the screen protector to my iPhone prior to the arrival of my shipment. The video was very helpful and concise. The protector went on smoothly and my screen remains perfectly clear. Very reasonably priced. Comes in a package of two protectors and will be able to share with another family member.
 This product is excellent.  I ordered it for my wife and she loves it.  It was easy to put on and the phone screen is very responsive.
 Just put it on yesterday, but so far so good! I got it on perfect my first attempt, and that in itself is awesome compared to the plastic type screen protectors I've had in the past. The kit is really laid out well, the cleaning wipes, dust remover strips and bubble removing card all were very helpful and saved me from searching for anything before getting ready to put it on. Instructions were spot on.<br/>As for the protector itself, since I haven't had it long or dropped my phone I can't judge the performance, but it looks great. Fingerprints don't seem as noticeable and it fit my iPhone 6s just fine. It doesn't distort or cloud the screen and I can't even tell the difference. All in all, so far I'm really liking it!
 I followed the instructions provided.  The wet wipe of alcohol did NOT wipe clean and left a residue on the phone that I could not fully clean off with the dry wipe or cloth provided.  The squeeze card, which is card board, only bent and nothing squeezed the bubbles out.  Since it came with two, I tried the other screen protector, only to get the same results.  I have the iPhone 7 and have never had terrible luck with glass screen protectors on any phone in the past.
 So I didn't realize I dropped my phone down in a recliner. Couldn't open the recliner so my boyfriend forced it. We heard something fall, it was my iPhone 6s 64g!!! My phone got stuck in the large spring of the chair and the metal arm that raises the bottom. This screen protector was off the phone and shattered, u know what wasn't damaged at all? My phone:)
 Most screen protector's I've purchased before are more of a film. This is a much thicker, sturdier material. At first, I was concerned if that would be a problem operating my smart phone, but it has worked perfectly so far and I feel very confident in the protection offered.
 Great product. Used one and saved one but sister needed one so gave her the second film. We use them and seems to work nicely. Dropped my phone so many times but having the protector really protected my phone screen!
 I bought these close to a year ago and have dropped my phone several times without a scratch. I just took off the screen protector that’s completely scratched and cracked but not even a tiny scratch on the screen.
 Glad they put two in a pack! Dropped once and the protector broke. Dropped a different time with a new screen protector and then the phone screen broke.  Overall helpful and good but wish it broke instead of my phone screen.
 This is the second screen protector glass I bought for my iPhone 7, the first one protected my phone from several scratches and falls. My work is heavily dependent on phone so protect it is priority.
 Thus screen protector saved me!! Dropped my iPhone 7 face down in the parking on bumpy asphalt. It appeared to have several cracks and my LED stopped working. Took it to my carrier for repair and this screen protector took the physical damage. There  was no damage to my phone so they're repaired the LED at no charge. AWESOME!!
 I think this will work well, but I had a hard time installing it. It came with double layers around the glass (I didn't realize this at first!) and I used the hinge stickers (which did not have instructions), but it took several tries to get it on straight. I think all is well now, but it wasn't as easy as previous similar products I have used.
 Over the last decade, I have had so many different screen protectors on every phone. This one has probably been the easiest one. I love the tabs on the end so you do not touch the screen. It actually went on in one shot for both our phones. Love it
 Love it!<br/>Pros: perfect thickness. Cant even feel the entra layer on the screen. Sturdy material. Brings wet and dry wipes to clean the phone. Directions are easy to follow.<br/>Cons: slightly smaller than the entire phone
 Both of the screen protectors cracked in multiple places within about a week or 10 days despite their “lifetime guarantee” (two separate phones with two separate users). And good luck trying to figure out how to register for the warranty. Super disappointed.
 These screen protectors definitely do the job, and are very easy to put onto my phone.  The instructions that come with are easy to follow and understand.  I was annoyed, however, to find that one of the screen protectors that came in my two-pack came with specks in the glass.  After going through all of the steps to put it on (and I know I did it correctly, as I've used several screen protectors in my phone's lifetime), I noticed the specks, and had to take that protector off and put the other one on.  It was annoying that one out of the two protectors was basically unusable, but at least the other one was fine?  For the price, I get it, but they should work a little harder on quality control.
 This glass screen protector has a smooth surface, unlike some of the other screens.<br/>I am looking forward to a long life for this screen protector.<br/><br/>GreatPrice to boot!<br/><br/>Mike
 WOW! The absolute best screen protector i have ever purchased and tried to apply to a phone.  I just received this and have already applied it. The instructions are very thorough, clear to understand, and legible (not printed in minuscule letters).  The handy little aids coming with the product make the application a breeze. I am giving this product a 5+ rating.
 Easy to put on but it did not stick on all sides of the screen. I ordered it for iPhone 8 and I’m not sure if this is not for the iPhone 8’s but it said it is. It’s coming off after a week. Wasted my money as it did not fit for iPhone 8 that we just got this year
 Scratches easily this is the third one I have put on in about 9 months I am very careful with my phone have never dropped it
 This glass protector for my iPhone 7 went on easily and looks really good. My only comment would be that it could be 1/64 larger, but it covers the area that is important to protect.  Great product!
 If you’re wanting to protect your phone’s screen this is the best product on the market!  I had my phone in my jacket pocket, but forgot to zip up the pocket.  I leaned over and after picking up the shattered remains, I quickly realized that this protector was the only thing damaged and my phone was left unscathed.  Saved me from buying an expensive new phone.  Highly recommend.
 While the quality of this product is great, it simply does not work for the iPhone 6s. As others have mentioned, there is a “halo” around the edges of the screen. This is probably due to the curved edge of the 6s. This is the third screen protector “for the iPhone 6/6s” that I’ve tried that doesn’t adhere properly. Still waiting on a protector to fit the 6s.....
 The box is well packaged with all the cleaning supplies and instruction.  The screen protector is easy to apply.  There are two protectors in the package, in separate cover.  There's also separate cleaning supply for the 2nd protector.  There is only 1 cardboard scrapper to help squeeze out the bubbles, the small cardboard as cloth adhered to one end, which helps to apply even pressure.
 Worked out great! Took this screen protector to the store with me. Clerk put it on the phone for me!<br/>Great fit on the iPhone 6s' I bought for my sons.<br/>Awesome value since I purchased 2 phones and this was a 2pk purchase.<br/>When I need to replace them,...which I'm sure I will with 2 boys, I will definitely rebuy this item from this company! Arrived ahead of schedule!
 Great replacement for my cracked screen protector. Instructions very clear. I was able to lift my old protector off, and then i used  the wet and dry pads provided with the kit to  prepare the surface for the new protector.
 Great item for a great price. Easy to attach, due to detailed instructions.<br/><br/>A special shout out to amFilm's customer service, who immediately after receiving the first two screens completely shattered (due to poor Amazon packaging), contacted me and sent a new one. That is why I will continue to buy my screen protector from this company.
 Very easy to install - once the screen is squeaky clean, you use the tabs to "hover over" and line up everything and just drop it on - no need to press down initially, the cover basically adhered itself in a matter of seconds with no bubbles (in the 10 years I've owned iPhones, this may be the first cover I've never had any bubbles, even super small ones).  I expect to crack this thing eventually as I drop my phone on a daily basis, but at least it's not my screen that is cracking.  Protect your investment!
 I ordered this product for an i-phone six. The product was shipped on time and lived up to expectations. It was as advertised. Also (2) screens are included therefore I have the option to replace the screen in the future. It took approximately less than 10 minutes to install - it took me longer because I wanted to ensure that it was applied correctly.<br/>It would recommend buying this product.
 My dog literally chewed my phone and I thought the screen was shattered. But I took this screen protector off and underneath my phone was 100 fine. It didn't have one scratch or crack on it. I was amazed. I have to say that this will crack, I've gone through several as I tend to be very careless with my phone. However even though the screen protecter cracks my phone is always in perfect condition underneath. I will never not have one of these on my smartphones/tablets/ etc.
 These work very well. I work in a phone hostile environment and my screen is almost pristine after two years.<br/><br/>Update - ordered another set for iPhone and one for iPad. Phone is perfectly protected, want to keep new iPad protected as well.<br/><br/>These are the best!
 I love these screen protectors.  They fit well and protect the phone glass from all the drops.  I have had the screen protector crack - but never my screen!  Easy application and lasts for a long time.  I also have them on my 3 year olds device.  I won't use anything else.  There IS a small area around the outer edge that is not covered by the screen protector, but that does not hinder the protection it offers my phone.
 Didn’t fit the screen completely like I had thought. Corner doesn’t stick completely down either. Hoping that the part that is stick does a great job at protecting my screen. Won’t buy again.
 It’s a great price for a double pak. It’s very securely packaged and everything you need is inside the box. I liked the way it had a film with tabs on the top of the glass. Once the bottom sheet was pulled off I could hold it by the tabs without touching the glass. It was so easy to place it accurately on my phone. I would definitely recommend this screen protector.
 Awesome Product! I've installed at least a dozen screen protectors on my and my wife's phones and IPad's...this is by far the best and easiest installation I've ever done.  The protector itself looks great as well.  I paid for this protector myself and didn't receive any sample or compensation for a review.
 This product came quickly and looks really nice on my iPhone 7. It was packaged very well and came with detailed instructions and cleaning supplies. The ONLY issue I have is with the size of it. It's not quite as big to cover the screen from edge to edge. This could be to accommodate for cases but just don't expect the edges of the screen to be safe. Overall I would definitely recommend, especially if you have a case that grips the corner of your phone.
 Great product, the quality was unmatched to what you find in the store. It left no bubbles while applying. I would recommend to buy if I the market for new screen protector.
 I've bought these twice now because I can't be without them. SOOOO much cheaper than replacing the whole screen. It saves cracks by sacrificing itself lol. Love these.
 Fits nicely on the iPhone 6s. Easily to apply, just be careful you don't get any dust flying around when you're placing it on the screen and it will be great! Obviously a necessity if you don't use a lifeproof case - there's no reason not to use this, as it doesn't feel any different than not having it on, and it protects the phone screen.
 Great product. We broke screens from drops before but since installing these screens are saved but these crack and have to be replaced.<br/>So much easier and cheaper just to replace the screen protector.<br/>Little loss of sensitivity is hardly noticed after a few hours.
 I just put this on my iPhone 6s the other day and I am very pleased thus far.  The installation was a lot easier than I thought it was going to be.  Simply follow the included instructions and watch the video beforehand for some good tips.  I plan on getting another for my wife and daughter for their iPhone 5s phones.  The price point was good.  Thanks much!!
 I must say, these screen protectors are AWESOME! I had an iPhone 6s and had these screen protectors on my phone. My screen protector kept my screen literally like new and I only had to replace it once which was not a problem because of there price. When I upgraded my iPhone and took the screen protector off my glass was perfect. I ordered these screen protectors again for my 7 and will never order another brand because they work so well and the price is too good to try and get something different.
 Follow the instructions to the letter and you will have a good fit. I did screw it up with the first one, so I was glad it came with a second one because the second try came out much better.
 Well the Fone has def fallen since it's been on. I was worried that since my Fone already had a crack it wouldn't go on or work properly but this isn't the case. The only thing I'd say is that the touch screen doesn't work 100% the way it used to. But minor adjustments in the way u type or swipe just need getting used to.
 Extremely fast shipping. Great price. Durable, easy to apply.  simple instructions. Excellent tempered glass for an awesome price. Used on IPhone 8. Thank you!
 This screen protector is very durable on my iPhone! Dropped it on concrete face down in full force and it kept my screen in tact!
 First I had the plastic film that came with the case, flimsy and collected dirt and dust.  These screen protectors are excellent, but one caviot.  Read the directions and even better, watch the video on line and then follow the directions.  Did what they said and it worked perfectly on both phones.  Excellent product that is perfectly clear and smooth to the finger.  Best I've ever seen.
 This is the 3rd time I have purchased this product. I have been very satisfied with the quality and ease of application. I have installed it on both my phone and my wife's phone. Just watch the video and follow the instructions. Works like a charm.
 Easy to apply! I was very apprehensive because I couldn't do that old screen protectors. I always got air bubbles. The glass is way better! I still have a couple of tiny tiny bubbles, but I can't see them unless I go looking for them, and the screen looks crisp! iPhone 6, I think it works with force touch as well?
 Easy to put on. Keyboard doesn't pick up letters on each side unless you press hard. No problem texting before putting it on. That's why I gave it 3 stars.
 From the second I put the protector on, the edges didn’t want to seal to the screen. As a result there has been dust that has become trapped between protector and screen.
 I purchased this last year to make sure I had it on hand. I opened brand new pack today and tried to apply it but it had not stick to it. I’m very surprised and disappointed. I guess I’m stuck with this defective product.
 Love this product.  I didn't really believe that if my phone fell this protector would save the screen and guess what it did, twice!  So I bought another packet so I can keep on hand for any future times I drop it or it cracks for any reason.
 *I bought this product<br/>The screen protector is actual glass, it's shinny and I love it.  Following the instructions to apply the screen protector, I got a beautiful application with no bubbles on my screen.  It includes to kits with wet and dry wipes, dust removal stickers, instructions and a card to assure no bubbles form during the application of both front-side screen protector.  I didn't even need the card, since no bubbles formed.  The screen protector does not cover the whole front side of the iPhone 6s, but it's due to the curved edges of the iPhone, which is even explained in the packaging and I have no problem with.  Thanks amFilm for this great product!
 Great screen protector, has protected against scratches. I love how it comes with two, so if you end up dropping it, you can immediatly put the back up one on while you order another pack. Will update if I drop the phone.
 I have used this product before and I keep buying from them every time a have a new phone since it delivers all the requirements for a product like this.<br/><br/>In brief, this a very good product with a reasonable price
 After cleaning it thoroughly and using all the supplied cleaning accessories, i still found myself wasting an entire screen due to its static charge sucking dust to the protector prior to applying.  Left multiple bubbles and dust bubbles
 I love this screen protector: it gives plenty of edge room for whatever case you would like to use.  It is thick, but not too thick: it definitely is a good layer of protection for someone that has cracked plenty of screens, I can tell my phone's screen is well protected.  It is small and thin enough that it only fits over the actual visual screen part of the phone, so it doesn't go all the way to the edge of the phone, but that allows plenty of room for a case with a lip on the screen. Fantastic value for the price.
 Probably one of the best screen protectors I ever used. A month in and the screen is still nice and shiny and clean. Doesn't scratch or smudge easy. And it was very easy to put on. It goes perfect with an otter type case because it doesn't go all the way up to the edges of the screen.
 easy to follow directions and super easy to put on, I've never successfully put a screen protector on a phone and I did this on the 1st try...<br/><br/>*edit*<br/>I reordered because I had to put my second one on. It holds up well to some abuse. I first dropped my phone while reaching for something on the top shelf at Target. It hit a couple of the metal shelves on the way to the ground; only the corner of the screen protector cracked so I left it on. I dropped it again from my SUV door handle. Forgot it was there, opened my door, and boom...face down on the cement. Protector busted but my phone still looks perfect. Will continue to use this brand!
 I have never had any kind of screen protector on my phone other than a thin plastic sheet type thing. This one is so nice. It’s smaller than my screen is, but perhaps that’s the way it’s supposed to be.  I like that it came with a screen cleaner and everything I need to apply. I’m a 65 year old woman who is technically challenged , to say the least, and even I could do it.  Highly recommend it.  I haven’t had any accidents with dropping my phone to see how well it protects but definitely recommend for ease of application!
 I've had the screen protector on my phone for 7 months now and it still looks as nice as it did the day I put it on! It was very easy to put on and there was no bubbles at all when I installed it. It is very protective and I do not see any scratches on it at all. There is also no peeling around the edges of the screen protector which is something I've noticed about other protectors. This is one of the best screen protectors out there and I would definitely recommend it to anyone with an iPhone!!!
 Great product, I’ve use the screen cover on my old phones before and it did a fantastic job. I only wish it covered edge to edge on my iPhone 7 like it did my iPhone 5!  Oh well, It’s still a fantastic product
 The product delivered as it promised. Good package with all necessary items included and good looking product itself. The instruction stated clearly about the coverage of screen.<br/><br/>However when I install it on my iPhone 6S, the screen protector barely cover the whole screen width. It left approx 0.1 - 0.2 mm gap on each side of the screen itself (not the phone body). I would personally expect to get screen protector slightly bigger than screen width like 0.2 - 0.5 mm on each size.
 Definitely recommend this screen cover! My phone just fell from the seat of my car onto the pavement screen down.  I have a case that has the raised edges on it, but I still heard a crack when it hit. When I looked at my phone, there were multiple cracks on my phone, but then I peeled up some of the screen protector and that’s when I saw that my phone didn’t crack at all!! Just the screen protector! HUGE relief. Just ordered another one.
 I thought I knew what I was doing and was a little confused. However this is a great phone protector!<br/><br/>Edit: COMPLETELY SHATTERED MY PHONE!!! The screen protector is 100% fine and my phone is 100% shattered underneath it. HORRIBLE JOB!!!!
 I needed something to protect my screen.  I chose this based on its high reviews.  One suggestion- do installation of cover in a humid room, like the bathroom with the shower going, like they suggest.  I didn't see this until after I had installed it, and ended up with a few dust particles that I hadn't seen before under the screen
 Too small. Strange as I orderes this product 6 months ago and it fit the iPhone 6S just fine. Ordered again (same item) and now it doesn't fit.
 I just put this on my new iPhone 8 yesterday.  The quality seems very good &amp; it was easy to put on.  It doesn't show my fingerprints hardly at all.
 I purchase tempered glass screens to protect the iPhone screens from drops. Often when phones are dropped, they land on a corner and this protector doesn't cover the glass from corner to corner.<br/><br/>I can't comment on well they last, since I was not able to get it installed correctly- the corners wouldn't stick so I removed it.
 Definitely worth the price! I dropped my phone about 4ft onto a tile floor and thought it cracked until i found that the screen protector worked and only it  had cracked, not my phone. So relieved!! If your looking this is the best option. My phone had no sticky residue and the touch screen wasn't effected by the protector. Comes with cleaning supplies
 It had been awhile since I bought a screen protector and they have come a long. This one was easy to get on, clear and concise instructions and a good price.
 these have protected my phone amazingly well! I dropped my new phone the same week I got it, and instead of the glass iphone screen cracking, the protector actually cracked instead. Instead of paying 100 dollars to fix the screen, I simply removed the cracked screen protector and replaced with a new one.  will keep purchasing.
 Lot's of cool ingredients in the box. Wet wipes, dry wipes, a thingy that helps to get rid of bubbles. The protector itself is very solid. Overall, great quality and moderate price. Thank you!<br/>Note: make sure to clean your screen thoroughly before applying the protector - even a small bit of dust shows under the protector. Follow the instructions included. The set includes 2 protectors.
 This tempered glass is just as good as others I have bought for double the price from phone stores. Easy to apply, came well packed, and does its job!
 Works as described. Be sure to clean your screen as instructed and use the provided tools to ensure the best installation possible.<br/><br/>One of mine broke rather quickly which surprised me. I've never had a glass protector break before so I went with 4 stars. Will update later depending on how well the second does.
 I really like this product so far! Application was smooth-sailing. I really like that they have little tabs to lower it onto the screen with. No air bubbles, and no problems. I have only had the product on my iPhone 8 for about 1.5 weeks, but in that time I’ve dropped my phone quite a few times (I drop it daily), and no cracks on the phone or screen protector at all!
 Appears to be very good quality glass screen.  Purchased along with new phone case, which came with glass screen.  Will retain in hopes to never need to use it.  2 pack was a very good purchase price.
 As per instructions, installation was easy and simple and the two wings placed on each end made it far superior to other products I’ve used.  However, as you can see in the photo, the edges are not laying down on the phones screen surface.  I can certainly foresee dust and debris getting in between the screen and the protector in no time.
 Awesome screen protectors. Purchased for Galaxy S6 and IPhone 6S. They both fit great and the tempered glad is way better then a film protector. The company emailed me prior to delivery with installation tips and to make sure that I was happy..great customer service..highly recommended.<br/>Installed all 3 protectors with no bubbles....first time ever...<br/>I am ordering more for another 6S...
 Works really well and is very easy to apply.<br/>Hint: use the stickers included to align the protector with your phone before applying (and peeling), then just turn it over like the page of a book for a perfect fit. (The instructions say otherwise but this guarantees a good fit, and there are enough stickers (about 4-5) to use one as a dust remover and the others for this purpose)<br/>Also, way more oleophobic than my iPhones screen.
 Works great on an iPhone 7. It does not have edge to edge coverage (this is mentioned in the description of the product on Amazon) but when coupled with a case, the uncovered edge is barely visible. The oleo phobic coating is good but will eventually stain. Application was simple and when I first placed it on the screen I was able to remove all the bubbles except one - but strangely enough it cleared up on its own overnight. In any case, you get two screen protectors, so I could have replaced it if needed. Overall, a great product and would recommend!
 Used on an iPhone 6s and they just seem too fragile. First one broke due to my fault (dropped phone), so understandable although I was surprised at how easily it shattered. Second one shattered just from normal use (taking in an out of purse - not dropped or bumping into anything) so it appears these are a little too fragile and it's rather annoying having to replace them every few weeks. For reference, I've never broken any of my phones so I doubt it's my use.
 so far...so good. Easy installation with clear and quick video. everything I needed was in the package. I had a protector prior to this that also served me very well. When there is a fall the screen protector takes the hit and does crack but even cracked it is barely visible. I wouldn't be without one.
 I replaced a much more expensive glass screen protector with this and I am very happy with it. Works just as well &amp; I even got an extra one “just in case.”
 Think it protects ok, corner chipped cracked within a day or two of install. Gave the other to my brother when they arrived as he didn't have any protection on his phone so I've lived with the chipped corner. It seems there is a small rim of edge that doesn't stick all the way around the phone likely because of the curved phone screen as it dives towards the edges.
 Great item. Went on easily with no issues. I almost always get 1 or 2 bubbles with screen protectors, but not with this one.  Very happy with this item.
 Screen protector glass application was simple and would have been even better if I had read ALL the directions AND looked at the pictures before beginning!! I was satisfied and turned around and bought this for my Galaxy 7s.
 the edge of the glass did not want to coorperate and left a ring of bubbles around the phone screen. cannot push the bubbles out because its technically "the edge" of the sheet. nice material, nice packaging and a lot of accessories to help installment. too bad the two sheets i got is just defected. also the cut is not very precise to the iphone 8, so if your looking for perfect symmatry i would advise go for another product.
 I received my screen protector today and this is one of many attempts to find a decent one. You can imagine my disappointment when I opened my just delivered package to this. I’m not sure if it was packaged this way or damaged during shipment but either way this is not usable. I got the two pack so I decided to just use my other of the pair. And now THIS one is peeling away from my phone at the covers. Needs to be fixed. Waste of my money and time.
 I absolutely love this screen protector. It came in super fast too! I used a flat/plastic one in the past and I'm actually a little upset with myself that I haven't tried this sooner. Not only does it fully protect my screen, but I like the way it feels as well. And I found it a million times easier to apply than the ones that I have used in the past. On my first try I was able to get it on with zero bubbles, success!
 Great-quality tempered glass screen protectors. I shattered the one I got from T-Mobile that was much more expensive than these :( But this one seems to be better quality. Easy to apply, no bubbles, can't complain.
 This was so easy to put on. My phone looks so good! I feel like it is well protected, but its only been on for a few hours. I really like it though. It came with a nice kit to put it on too. I am impressed and very pleased with the product!
 My kid cracked his phone screen badly and this allowed him to keep using his phone for a few months longer - until the electronics in the screen went wacky- without shredding his fingers.
 I ordered this from AMAZON based on the reviews that I read.<br/>On my iPhone 5s, I used a thin protector which worked well for many years. However, as I scanned screen protectors for my new iPhone 6s,<br/>I saw this amFilm Tempered Glass protector.<br/>I applied it tonight and although it is a tad off (b/cause of me) it looks great, no air bubbles +<br/>no problems re: photos or any other problems.<br/>I'm writing this using this screen protector with no<br/>issues at all.<br/>A good product @ a good price!
 I like that this protector does not make my screen touch less sensitive. I have had glass covers before that were too thick and made the touch require more pressure. I had a long, but not deep scratch on my screen.  With this cover you can no longer see the scratch! An added bonus!
 It was a little hard to align at the top because of how the holes are cut around speaker and camera. My other screen protector had it just one big opening at the top just like bottom around home button. I have a couple spots that don’t seem to have dust but look like bubbles. But overall, not bad so far.
 Love this screen protector! You also can't beat the price. The instructions to put on the screen protectors were super easy to follow, if this was the first time you were applying one. It also came very well packaged. I would purchase from them again for sure.
 These screen protectors will save your screen from typical drops from your hand! I got my phone in October of '15, immediately installed this protector, have dropped it many times, and have had no cracks or damage. Today I dropped my phone face down on tile, heard a loud smack and thought for sure the screen was cracked. I picked it up and saw a shattered corner of my screen. To my amazement and delight, when I lifted up the screen protector, my phone screen was still in perfect condition! I cannot give this product enough stars. It just saved me from paying $100+ dollars for a screen replacement. It is literally like putting a second screen on your phone, a bullet proof vest, if you will. Not really bullet proof, but I think you catch my drift. Buy this now.
 Adhered to the phone well and fit was spot on. Disappointed when top corner cracked after some time had passed. I am pretty careful with my phone and have rarely had to replace my screen protectors on any of my phones.
 1st glass I messed up on placement, 2nd is in place but has risen up is certain spots, doesn't look nice, but I will continue to use for now...
 The width on this is the exact size of the iphone7s screen. I know there is a warning that it's a little smaller width wise because of the curved edges, but i just wanted to let everyone know how true this is. The protector is very easy to put on, looks and feels great too. It has already saved my iphone screen just by tumbling off a low chair. The protector got a hairline crack in it rather than my screen. Looking into getting a replacement.
 The first day I put the protector on, put it in my purse is scratched. The next there is already a crack across the screen from it being in my purse. I have dropped it, however it is in an otterbox case. I have  only had it for a few weeks, but I already have to change the the screen protector again.<br/>Pros: It is anti-glare which is nice.<br/>Cons: not strong, not smudge proof, not scratch resistant.
 Highly recommend.  I just dropped my phone twice on gravel within 3 minutes and this screen protector saved my screen! It definitely took a beating! I'm grateful it came in a 2 pack, so I wasn't unprotected for long!<br/><br/>So cheap and great quality!
 This screen protector was very easy to install. As with all products like this, the pesky bubble chase is just a bit more than we want but the results are good. We installed on a new iPhone 8 and it ,so far, seems to work as described.
 TechMatte provides a great kit for installing the screen protectors. Me and my wife are both on our third screen protector in 2 years. The tempered glass takes the impact during the fall, saving you from replacing the screen itself. These screen protectors are a must have in protecting your costly phone investment.
 Best screen protector I have used so far.  Very easy to install, no bubble issues.  Time will tell how well it performs, but it is much more solid than anything I've had before so it is sure to have a better impact resistance.  Touch screen is still just as sensitive as before it was applied.
 These are great! I had to return a different brand after the screen shattered during installation. These did the trick nicely and were not expensive!
 The screen protector does not interfere with the quality of the resolution. My only frustation is that the first cover broke instantly when I dropped my phone a mere few inches. The second cover is currently peeling off, as well. Overall, the cover does the job and I would purchase it again.
 I had bought a screen from you for my Ipad some months ago and was so impressed by your instructions. When I got my iphone7 and needed a glass screen I knew I wanted one from you. The screen is great and if you never have installed one, it is a bit nerve wrecking if you have no or minimal instructions; you really just have one shot. Yours are the best and I would highly recommend them.
 This product claims to be durable and able to prevent your phone screen from cracking. I dropped my iphone 8 from less than 2 feet (knee height) onto thin carpet and the top part of the screen shattered. It was in an otterbox commuter series case with this screen protector on the screen. Somehow, my actual screen was cracked and the protector was completely unscathed.
 Product feels like it is very protective--certainly against scratches.  Fortunately I haven't dropped it yet so not sure how it will fare against impact.  Although I did have one on previous cell which I dropped once-the glass screen protector had a thin crack across it and the cell was fine.  Almost invisible when on phone--my husband put it on w/out my knowledge and when asked if I like it, I had to look again to see that it was on there.  Due to the rounded edges of the Iphone 6, the glass protector can't round with it, but once you get a case on the cell there is very minimal area left showing.  I can't see how anything could get into the small space to scratch the glass.  Highly recommend!
 Honestly, this is my first tempered glass screen saver, so I can't compare to another brand.  I was very pleased with the packaging, quality, instructions, fit, all that was great!  I followed the directions included and it installed great!  I was concerned about bubbles or dust particles getting under the surface but absolute no issues of any kind so far!  I'd highly recommend this product.
 The amFilm tempered glass screen protector is extremely strong and durable. It’s also very easy to put on and comes with easy to understand step by step instructions. This product also comes with dry and wet wipes and many different things to add ease to putting on your new screen protector. Also, the fact that it comes with two screen protectors is a huge plus because it’s nice to have a back up!  I would DEF recommend this product!!
 This glass protector fit the phone wondefully! It went on perfectly with no bubbles. It was very affordable compared to buying a protector at the cell phone store. I love that it is a 2 pack! If something were to happen, I have another one at home ready to go!  This product is definitely worth the price!
 Product was great. Everything was in good shape and more came in the box to help with the application than I thought there would be, only problem is, I accidentally ordered the wrong size! I hate when I do that, but that's my fault, not the product. Anyways, quality was great. I usually purchase from a brand and I pay like $15 for only one screen protector, so I'm really happy that I paid a whole lot less than that, and got two.
 Great customer service! Had to contact since we used both and bubbles appeared. CS says to install in bathroom while hot shower on to control dust to control bubbles. Great advice!
 I’ve had smartphones for years (like most people) and had used plastic screen protectors forever.  I’d recently ventured into the world of glass, which had always seemed super expensive and kind of too much for me.  Unfortunately, while I loved the feel of the glass screen protector, I picked a dud and it started to chip and break after just two days of use!  I was so disappointed.  I decided to give glass one more try, and picked this one in part because it had two in the package.  I wanted to have a spare so that I could order a new plastic one if the glass proved to be disappointing again.<br/><br/>I’m so glad I tried glass again!  I’ve been using this one for a couple of weeks and it’s great!  Installation was easy, the instructions were easy to follow, and everything needed to apply it to my phone was included.  I actually ended up lifting this up and reapplying a couple of times because there was a tiny speck of dust on the screen and I wanted a super clean installation.  I have noticed that there is a bit of a “lip” around the home button and on the edges of the screen.  I find it a bit noticeable, especially since I was a plastic protector user, and those are much thinner.  I think it’s just super important to make sure that the screen protector is on dead center; otherwise you’ll feel the edge even more. I’m delighted with this screen protector and am certain that I’ll repurchase if this does break at some point.  Even more important, I’m sure that my phone is well protected and that if I choose to sell it or pass it on to my kids that the phone’s screen will be in great shape.  And for the record, I’ve dropped this one a bunch, shoved it in my purse with keys and coins, carried it in my pocket with scissors, etc.  It’s not scratched at all and still looks great!
 Product was quickly received in new condition.  Easy to install.  I have a screen protector for my IPhone 6 Plus, which was about twice the price as this one purchased for the IPhone 6S.  Both products seem to be of the same high quality.  The screen protector gives your phone great protection, as I have dropped mine numerous times, even on cement, and never once had even a scratch.  This doubled with a good case for my IPhone 6 Plus have kept it in a pristine condition.  I was looking for the same quality for my husband's new IPhone 6 and found it with this product.
 Product arrived in good condition.  Reviewed the installation video......Everything made sense......And the glass cover installed easily.  Wish it a very long life.......
 Easy to install had no problems. super cheap. took me just a few seconds to put it on. comes with a cleaning cloth, drying cloth, a little card in case there's any bubbles (but there never were) super easy, great value product with 2 screens, they even have a guarantee... it is a WIN, WIN!
 I purchased this product when I got a new iPhone. After spending so much money on the phone didn't want to damage the phone and I also didn't want to drop a lot more money.<br/><br/>This Protector glass has been on my phone for a few months now and it is standing up really well to wear and tear. I have no problem with touch responsiveness and it has adhered really well.<br/><br/>The only reason I didn't give it five stars is that the glass doesn't actually cover the entire screen. There is a small gap between the protector glass and the edge of the phone.
 It worked!!!  I dropped my phone face down on the concrete.  The screen looked badly cracked, but it was just the screen protector that was cracked.  My phone was just fine.  It is super easy to install.  It comes with two protectors and two sets of supplies to properly clean the phone before you put the protector on.  No annoying dust and no annoying bubbles.  It makes for a nice, crisp and clear screen, too.  I am very happy with this product!
 I do not use these protectors anymore. They crack with one drop. There are others out there for the same price that hold up a lot better.
 Packaging of screen protectors is firm enough that the glass isn't likely to be damaged during transit. There are clear instructions for easy installation and online videos. When on, there are no bubbles (for once), the glass is super smooth unlike my old plastic protector and there is no compromise to the screen responsiveness.<br/>I was happier for the discounted price, receiving 2 protectors for under $10 where competitors are near $50 for one. All in all, Great!
 For my iPhone just as it was described and expected. It is smaller by a little to ensure it sits on the screen correctly. Because of the material it won't bend along with the screen curves. I received it without any issues and I put it on my phone immediately. Works great! I've dropped my phone once but absolutely nothing happened. Which is what the goal is :) thank you! I will definitely use this product in the future again.
 Although the reviews stated it doesn’t cover the screen from edge to edge I purchased these anyways, needless to say I hated it so I purchased the techarmor one that covers the whole screen.. curved edges and all.
 I bought a protector from this company for my last phone, a Samsung Galaxy s6, and the protector worked great, actually saved my phone, but unfortunately this time around I was extremely disappointed. I now have an iPhone 6s. Sadly my phone slipped out of my hand and dropped onto the hardwood floor. My screen is now shattered and the glass screen protector did not crack what so ever. Tell me how that works? Extremely unhappy and dissapointed in this product and do not recommend buying.
 Terrible company, screen lifted off after 2 days,  installed after though cleaning with provided wipes. Initially installed fine .10 emails back and forth with techMatte they repeatedly asked answered questions. Didn’t appear and serious attempt was ever going to happen to make good on defective product.
 This screen protector was easy to install, it’s SO smooth making it easy to text/use apps/etc.<br/>I would definitely use again if and when the need arises!
 Love these. Bought them twice now. Instead of my glass screen cracking the protector cracks! And people say oh no you cracked your phone so did I. And then I say HA I did not it's the screen protector you should buy one once you get your screen fixed for $200
 I applied mine to my iPhone 8. It fits perfectly, and i barely notice it. It comes with a microfiber cloth, cleaning wipes, good instructions, and other supplies that makes installation crazy simple. The amount of stuff you get to make sure the screen protector goes on perfect is amazing. This was my first experience with a screen protector, and I see no reason to try a different one. I have no complaints with this product.
 Nice glass screen protector for my husbands phone. We bought him an iPhone 6s and it fits well. He wanted a smaller otter box case so we bought the commuter but the screen protector that comes with it is awful and bubbles up. This fixes my issues with the screen protector not being strong enough. No bubbles.
 I had my doubts that the screen protector would really protect my I phone from damages.  But it did. I slipped on some rocks with my phone in my hand. The phone hit screen down a cracked in several places. I thought for sure my screen was cracked.  But once I pulled the protector off my screen was fine.  Thank you amFilm.
 I really like this screen protector.<br/>The package presentation was very professional and the quality of the protector is very very good. Easy to place and no bubbles.<br/>My phone falls all the time and no harm done to the screen. Would definetly buy again.
 Bought this as a gift for my sister, and she loves it! It was pretty difficult to put on, as it has to be perfect or it won't work, but the quality of the screen is superb. If you're one that drops your phone a lot, then this is perfect for you. It's hardly noticeable and fits in almost every case!
 Pros: The product shipped quickly, and the package includes everything you could possibly need to apply the screen cover (wet and dry wipes, applicator, bubble remover). It is very responsive to touch, and the front camera is not at all affected by the cover.<br/><br/>Cons: I've had the glass cover on for about 2 weeks and already it has cracked. Also, it has several scratches, I assume from time spent in my purse/pocket.<br/><br/>Will likely buy again.
 The screen protectors came in a pack of two with everything you need to apply them to your phone. The instructions are very clear and easy to follow with diagrams and number labeled packets holding the screen cleaning wipes. Make sure you keep all of the supplies after you apply you're first protector or it will be very difficult to properly apply you're second protector.
 The only reason that I am not giving it 5 stars yet is because I just put it on so can't say if it will protect the screen after a drop but the item itself came with very easy instructions.  I had a (much more expensive!) glass protector that was all cracked and when I replaced it with this one, my phone looks wonderful again!
 Convinced and have now reordered this. Dropped my new iPhone 7 and it landed screen down on a pointed surface? The glass cracked, and shattered into a classic spiderweb. Pulled it off and the screen was unharmed. Just put a new protector on we're back in business!
 I Purchased this from my iPhone 6S. Installation was super easy the video was clear that printed instructions were clear and it went on easily and without a hitch! I highly recommend this product.
 I drop my phone all the time and have never cracked the screen! Several months, I dropped it pretty hard and this tempered glass cracked but the screen was not damaged at all. I replaced it, and ordered more to have on hand. Last week, someone knocked my phone out of my hand and on to the train tracks below, and unbelievably they were able to recover it. Again, the protector itself was cracked slightly, and the screen was totally fine.  Great product, especially for the price!
 Purchased this for my daughters IPhone 6S..great buy for the price and the quality is good. Additionally, directions are straight forward. The only critique I have is that that tabs that allow for you to apply the screen protector peeled off rather easily as I was attempting to pull the tab off. This made alignment difficult but we still made it work. Other than that, it was a rather easy process and great buy for the price! I would purchase and re-purchase if i needed too.
 Great product. I have dropped my phone a couple times since I put the protector on, drops that I think would have caused damage to the screen if unprotected--but no damage. I think it would be perfect if it was just a smidge wider/taller so it would come closer to the edges--I'm talking just a millimeter all around. So far, great results. Not hard to put on, just take your time--once it's on, it's on for good.
 This thing has saved my 15 year old's phone twice now from serious impacts.  The protector took the shock and the phone was completely fine!  Highly recommend this product for your phone!
 I could not be any happier for a number of reasons!!!<br/><br/>1. My 2-pack arrived with only 1 of the actual screen protectors in it. I sent an email that evening and within hours they had not only gotten back to me but had a replacement 2-pack in the mail. Love, love, LOVE a company that cares about making their customers happy.<br/><br/>2. The installation process couldn't be much easier. For someone who is fairly obsessive about bubbles or having things perfectly lined up, I was thrilled when this went on super easy and, thanks to the cleaning wipes, without a speck of dust or a bubble in sight.<br/><br/>3. It has now been a while after using my first screen protector and there were no signs of wear anywhere... until just today I did a drop-swipe-grab-miss for my phone and it ended up smashing screen down on the hardwood floor. Sure enough, a decent chip and multiple cracks. Thankfully, I simply peeled the protector off to find that IT was what was broken and my actual phone screen is in perfect condition. A minute later I had a new protector back on (again with the error-proof install) and I can breathe a sigh of relief that these came into my life. If (when) I manage to break this one, I'm putting in another order for more!!
 Installed easily following the directions; all materiel necessary to do the cleaning &amp; installation was included. Very pleased with the results. Having another on hand during the installation was comforting, and now having it available should something happen to the current one is great!
 I have an iPhone 7 and every one of these protectors I have used lift on the edges. They also crack very easily.
 It works. I bought the 2-pack and my phone stopped working before the screen protector ever broke. So after I replaced it, I used the second one on the new phone. It's still protecting a year and a half later. No problems as of yet.
 The worst glass protector for iPhone 8 i had done exactly what the instructions said and i try so hard to make the edge bubble go away but I couldn’t because the it don’t stick good from the edge
 So far so good. Have them on teens phones, regardless, smart devices require added protection.  This one works well, wouldn’t have minded having an installation template, but it is easy enough to install correctly.
 Overall: Not the best protector out there. It does not look very good. It had a few bubbles that will hopefully go away. That’s not the main issue.<br/><br/>It looks terrible around the edges. Does not adhere to edges. I understand they designed it smaller for the shape, but it looks like crap. Not a very good choice. I will be removing this protector and purchasing a different brand. Unsatisfied.
 Sturdy yet very clear screen protector. Very easy to apply, comes with handling tabs that make proper alignment a snap. Because the screen protector has some rigidity, it gently adheres on the screen from end to end and doesn't form any bubbles.
 Doesn't go to the edge of the screen (it can't as the edge of the screen is rounded), otherwise it isn't even noticeable that a screen protector is on the phone. It is easy to wipe off finger smudges and doesn't get small scrapes like a plastic protector.
 There are tons of these glass screen protectors for sale through Amazon and I've purchased several through various companies but TechMatte's version are by far the easiest to install. It comes with 2 of them so you can always have 1 for backup or for another family member.<br/><br/>The package itself comes with an alcohol wipe for you to clean off your screen as well as a dry wipe for you to get the little dirt particles off of the screen prior to the installation process.<br/><br/>Overall, it was a breeze to apply and I'd recommend this to any family member or friend.
 Easy to install, great price, and there are two!  I have only used this for 1 week but so far this screen protector is working as expected.  I dropped my phone onto a tile floor and the screen protector did not crack.
 Complete kit. Application procedure seems to be better than other products since it has two tabs that you hold to align the protector with the device.
 Great product! I am impressed by the quality of the package of the screen kit. By far the best I have used. Using the kit, I successfully installed the protector without any bubble or defect. Thank you for the product!
 These are junk. Both were installed as outlined in the directions with the same results - They don’t completely adhere to the screen and leave a gap around the perimeter of the screen which isn’t attached and is super annoying during use. Immediate refund, which was the only good thing.
 Easy to install on iphone 6S and iphone 8. Have accidentally dropped the phone, multiple times, and have not broken the screen :-)
 Great price, but that's probably it. I got the two screen protectors figuring that if I screwed the first one up, I'd have another one. Well, I follow the instructions &amp; use the wipes &amp; dust stickers. I put the first one on &amp; there was dust everyone under the screen protector- you could see tiny little bubbles all over the place. I figured I did it wrong, so off that one came &amp; I tried the second one. I pulled it out of the box &amp; the plastic was filthy. I was hoping it was just the plastic layers used to protect the glass, but that's wasn't the case; this one too had dust all under the glass too! No matter how much wiping I did or how many of the dust stickers I used, both screens came out looking horrible. Luckily, I paid less than $10 for them, so it wasn't some huge investment
 The screen protector has worked great for our 6 and 6s iPhones.  It does work on the iPhone 7, but for some reason it get's cracked easily.  The actually iPhone 7 glass is fine, but the protector keeps getting cracked.  I am wondering if this is because the iPhone 7 flexes more???
 Not much to say about this one, except that it works perfectly and installs easily. It does fall short of the edge of the screen by 1.5-2mm, but as this is meant to protect from drops and scratches, this should not be a problem. Installation is very easy, clarity is great. Durability is yet to be seen as I installed it 12 hours ago. All in all, 5 stars for clarity, quality, and 2 protectors instead of only one.
 I've had this product for about 5 months now and I have no complaints whatsoever. It does it's job very well. I've dropped my phone several time on different types of surfaces (concrete, grass, carpet, and gravel just to name a few). The screen protector was the only thing that had a little scratch and the phone screen itself was completely fine. It also came with 2 screen protectors so if the one I currently have on my phone is damaged to the point that I need it replaced, I have another one that I can use to replace it with.
 I loved this screen protector. It comes with 2 in a pack so I still have a back up, and the instructions are very easy to follow. I suck at putting screen protectors on but this one was a breeze. It is very durable and fits my screen perfect. If you need a screen protector this is a perfect choice! The company also contacted me multiple times to ensure I was satisfied with the product. Overall this was a great choice for my new phone!
 I use it for my Iphone 8 and gave one to my mom who has an iphone 6s and its pretty durable. even tho it doesn't cover 100 percent of the screen, I still think its worth the money.
 Screen Protectors were great and easy to put on for my first time attempting. And the access to the TechMatte videos and their follow up emails were great as well.
 AMAZING. In the past, lining up screen protectors would be a bit difficult to do perfect. But, not with these. They come with Tab like "handles" on the screen protector to help install and line it up. Awesome. Wet/Dry wipes and lint removal stickies are included too. Best few bucks I've spent in a while.
 This is an amazing screen protector! I am very particular about the quality of the things I put on my phone, but this protector is definitely the best I've ever used. I actually didn't know that I bought a glass protector. However, I am SO GLAD I did.<br/><br/>Application? Straightforward. Appearance? Unnoticeable.<br/><br/>I will certainly come back to this brand for future phones. AND the price is incredible. For both of the new phones in my household, we only spent $8 for really great protection. I can see why this package was originally $30, so it is 100% worth $8.
 I thought these screen protectors were just a gimmick until I dropped my phone and broke the screen. Now I always keep one on. I recently dropped my phone again and this protected has done its job. Protector is cracked, but phone is perfect.
 This protector was easy to put on with the provided tools and it feels like actual tempered glass. I've dropped my phone on its face a few times (twice on tile and once on concrete) and not a single scratch. Very impressed!
 I love these they work amazing I got a different one at Walmart and it makes tons of noises like it’s not sealed and this one is so tight and gives me no problem with touch screen! I will be buying again!
 This is a one shot product. When you apply it there is no going back. Good thing there are 2 in the package. I got it a little crooked and pulled off but then had bubbles. So I did it again with the second one and turned out great. Seems to not be as fingerprinty and no scratches.
 I've purchased this product in the past and loved it then too. I've had an iPhone 6s since it came out and the first thing I purchased for my phone was this screen protector. Now, being a busy, working person, I move around a lot and always have the potential for dropping my phone. And I've done that numerous times. The first time I bought this screen protector I had on my phone for about 8 months. It did EXACTLY what it was supposed to. I've dropped my phone and never once cracked or scratched my screen. I'd recommend this product to anyone looking for that extra protection for their phone.
 First of all, when I tried to watch the instructional video, the link did not work. The error message said "The resource you are looking for might have been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable." When I attempted to affix the so-called screen protector, it had far too many "bubbles" in it - even after repeated attempts to smooth them out with the "Squeeze Card". I cannot use this screen protector.
 Purchased an iPhone 7 screen protector elsewhere, did not fit the screen properly.  The TechMatte screen protector we bought on Amazon fit without issue and was easily placed and centered on the iPhone, much better and easier than other glass protectors we've bought for other phones.  Would recommend this product and it was a great price.
 Very cool company. I reached out to them because my son dropped the screen protector when he tried to put it on his phone and they sent me a new one. Thank you so much! I wish more companies were like this.
 I have 2 phones I installed these on. 1 went on perfectly and looked great the other one has sections around the edges that wouldn’t stick down but it’s for the kids and they don’t mind
 My go to screen protector. I only have to buy more when I upgrade my phones. Holds up. Stays put. No lifting.
 Was concerned about how the fit was going to be on the iPhone 8, but after install, it looks great with better coverage than a different brand that my wife bought for her iphone 8. Bad part is, she'll be using the the second cover that came in the package to replace hers.
 I'm notorious for breaking screens on my phones.  When I got my new phone, my son quickly put this screen protector on without me asking.  I was very thankful he did because three days later it fell out of my hands and dropped on the tile. I looked at the screen and saw a crack. Oh well!  What a relief it was when my son told me it was on the screen protector!  I think I've found the solution to my chronic cracked screen problem.  (E Funk)
 The company sent a video which I received when the product arrived, a very nice customer service touch. The glass worked beautifully and is protecting my new phone, excellent product!
 I have bought this item three separate times and not because the product breaks easily, but because I am a very clumsy individual whom drops their phone almost everyday. It has served me in an incredible manner and has protected my very expensive phone. Aren't all smart phones expensive these days? It is worth it to buy this product. I've also thought my screen was cracked severely, many times. It wasn't- it was my screen protector each time. I've had zero cracks on my actual screen and it has even been dropped off of my car while driving.
 These ones break really easily. And the glass underneath has broke. As well on two of our phones. They say they will replace it for free of it breaks but they do t respond to my inquiries.
 I'll have to wait to see how effective it is at protecting the screen, but I have to say that the installation was super easy. The instructions were clear and easy to follow and the inclusion of the cleaning pads was nice.<br/><br/>The protector looks great and fits perfectly. No interference with the use of the screen at all.
 This is my first ever Amazon review only because I realize I've bought 3 of these already and will continue to do so. They are pretty sturdy and I have only bought so many because I don't like to see any small dings and cracks but honestly I'm just picky and don't mind spending $8 on a two pack. My sister is rough on her phone and it's cracked but her screens always been ok. I've put these on 3 family members phones and no broken screens. It's easy to apply as well comes with anything u need. I had a minor defect in one and they nicely sent me a free pack. I think they have great customer service.
 This item has lasted longer than pretty much any other screen protector, even though I got dust under it when applying. It doesn't (or at least hasn't so far in 6 months) get worn from finger swipes like other ones I've had
 I bought this for my iPhone 8. I'm not unhappy with the product,  but I did want to warn that some of the responses along the outside edges are different than without the screen protector.  It doesn't cause me any problems except when I'm using the keyboard.  Sometimes I have to back up and retype because of the wrong letter if the letter is on the outside edge.  Other than that, the product was easy enough to apply.
 This is the nicest protector I’ve ever had. It’s a little thicker and harder than most, and was real easy to install.
 Comes with good directions and there are two screen protectors. Cleaning pads and dust removing strips are all included in the package. You just have to provide some compressed air to blow the dust off the screen - if you want to. Good quality, nice solid screen protector.
 Good price for a 2-pack protector, but doesn't protect all of the glass. These are small screen protectors that barely cover the width of the screen, leaving a lot of uncovered glass at all edges. As a result, my phone glass cracked on the first drop, while the tempered glass protector was untouched.<br/><br/>Now that I have gotten my phone glass fixed I have a case that better protects all edges of the glass. I'll be looking for a larger tempered glass protector. I understand that this is challenging because Apple now uses glass with rolled edges, but I think this company could safely enlarge this screen to protect more of the glass without causing any overlap of the rolled edges of the phone glass.
 Great product that saved me! I dropped my phone real bad and only the cover screen cracked thank goodness. And since there was 2 in the pack I got to replace it right then and there.
 Very easy to apply. This is the third one I have owned. All on different phones and all have worked perfectly, staying on the screen without bubbles or pulling up on the edges.
 I’ve bought one from apple before and comparing it to that one, this one cracked the very first time i dropped it. Comparing it to the apple protector, that one lasted me through many drops before the protector itself cracked. It still protects the screen, it just won’t last many drops before the screen protector cracks.
 I followed the directions exactly and still ended up with a few dust/air bubbles, however they do not affect the performance so it is ok. Otherwise I am happy.
 Really nice screen protector that is simple to apply and appears rugged.  My wife’s iPhone 8 has one that works well for her.  I on the other hand, had to take the protector off of my iPhone 8 because I use an Otterbox Defender case and the fit was too tight, making the Otterbox screen uncomfortable to type on.  If you use a standard case, this us a gotta have.  Highly recommended!
 This was to cover my sons broken screen, until he can get it fixed. It's working perfectly. Order arrived on time.
 DO NOT BUY!!<br/>1 star is 1 star too many! This product is an utter waste of money! the screen protector is extremely difficult to apply, the tabs immediately start peeling off, making an accurate placement of the screen protector completely impossible! I tried several times to place the protector accurately, but because of the several attempts, I was left with tons of bubbles under the screen that did not come out.
 Glass protector is great. It went on easily. And I had this glass on a previous phone that was dropped, and only the protector cracked. My phone screen was still totally intact, so mission accomplished!
 Our go to screen protectors. They last a good 6 months or sometimes longer depending on how rough you are with your phones.
 I rarely write reviews but I couldn’t resist. I had a screen protector put on when I bought my iPhone 8 and it cracked. I was reluctant to order this online but for the cost I said what the heck. I put the first one incorrectly and ended up pitching it. The 2nd one went on without  hitch. A little annoyed that I wasted one bit probably would have lost it in a drawer anyways.
 Got this on time. Instructions were very good. I never install these myself since I screw it up every time but this one I tried and because of the instructions it was very easy to do it. Very good quality.
 Bought these for our four new iPhone 6s'. So far, working well on two.<br/>one shattered early on, when my daughter dropped her phone. So, it worked as described.<br/>Two of the screen protectors could not be placed on the phone evenly, but they were replaced in a very timely manner.<br/>Buyer be aware: these protectors do not go all the way to the front edges of your phone, but still work great if you have a case with raised edges!
 I put one of these on my phone about 6 months when I purchased a new phone.<br/>A few weeks ago I dropped my phone and it hit the screen on the side of a rock, and when I picked it up there was, what I thought was a crack right down the middle of my screen. About a week later I realized that the screen protector was broken, but that my screen was fine.  THE SCREEN PROTECTOR HAD DONE IT JOB!!<br/>Great product
 Slight delay in shipping but not anything the seller could control- very pleased with the attention to detail that the seller has gone to in order to make the product reliable and the installation process clear for anyone with half a brain to follow. Not planning on dropping our phones but "stuff" happens, if we do and this product delivers on its promise to protect the phones actual glass, I would not hesitate to order again. So far, so good.
 Fits perfectly. Works great with my touch screen. I’ve had awhile now and just got a crack in my first screen. Will buy again
 Dropped my iphone on the concrete driveway. It landed face-down with a crash. I cringed when I saw the crack. I walked around with that crack for about 3 months before I realized it was just the protector that cracked! It did its job as expected. Well, as other people expected... it just took me awhile to realize it. I will reorder.
 Great packaging and easy instructions to follow. Best of all is the price. If you follow the instructions to a "T" you will have ZERO issue mounting the glass to your iPhone. Very pleased and would buy this again in a heartbeat.
 This inexpensive product has saved my phone more than once.  Packaging, instructions, quality all superb.  Keep an extra one on hand as "insurance".  You will not be disappointed in this product.
 I tripped on my cat and stumbled down the stairs and my phone went flying with some force.  I broke my phone protector and the screen protector but my phone came out in like new condition.  I am so glad that I have my properly protected and this product has my full gratitude for saving an expensive phone.  I will never go without a screen protector!
 Easy to use/install and very affordable. I have installed a number of glass screen protectors in the past two years (iPhone 5 and 6 models) and this was the most comprehensive package I've used with alcohol wipes, drying cloth, decals to remove bite of stubborn dust, etc. It went on the easiest and looks great - like it's not even there.
 Seems like a great screen protector.  I wasn't able to get it on without two pieces of dust though!  The link to the video for putting it on actually came in my email two days after it had arrived and I'd already installed.  I would strongly suggest watching the video as I think it would have been a huge help for me.
 Seems to be of good quality.  Instructions are straightforward and easy to understand. No hesitation or effect on the transmitting of touch to the apps or area I want to activate on the phone.  I especially like the tab at each end to hold onto while positioning the protector over the phone screen.  Only the test of time will show how well it protects, therefore, not five stars at this point.
 Highly recommend! I dropped my phone in a parking lot and the screen protector took the brunt of the fall.
 I followed all the instructions as per the YouTube video I was emailed.  I have a couple, very small air bubbles but you can't even tell unless you really look for them.  The protector is very easy to put on.  The only thing I noticed, is the sides to did not adhere properly (which someone else mentioned as well).  Hopefully it will not be a problem.  I would purchase this product again.
 My iphone fell down (very slow and from a short distance) and the screen protector broke in so many pieces!! It was very difficult to remove it for replacing it...the next time I will buy another brand. It never happened this to me with a crystal screen protector. Very disappointed.
 I have used regular screen protectors or otterboxes for years. The worst thing about otterboxes is dirt gets under the built in screen protector. I have heard of people popping out the built in and putting on a tempered glass. This was by far the best thing I did for my phone. It looks great now, like how and iPhone 7 should look. With the old screen protector everything looked almost cloudy, with this it is crisp and nice looking. Woah I had done this sooner. Oh side note, this is the easiest screen protector to install. They give you wet and dry wipes that work fantastic and there is zero chance of bubbles or debris under the screen if you follow the instructions. Hope this helps.
 They seem perfectly fine, although Ive only been using it for a couple weeks now. Price is great and it's a 2pk too!
 I have had it for about 2 days. I have owned many phones, both apple and android. I have bought screen protectors for all of them. While this one is not my favorite bu far, it still does the job and looks good. I’ll update if it comes off the edges.
 Simple instructions. After thoroughly wiping down the face of the phone and using the drying towel, the screen protector resulted in ZERO bubbles.
 I was very skeptical about buying this glass screen protector after hearing about how sometimes the phone can still crack under the glass... that didn't happen with me! I'm the worst with my phone so I needed at least something to put on to my phone screen to try to protect it! I'm glad I chose this because it dropped it and boom the fake screen cracked! I was amazed!!! As soon as I'm finished writing this I'm ordering more because it just doesn't make sense how good this screen protecter is lol!
 The protectos was on not even a week and the phone had a small fall, actually it was not a fall directly it was a slip and hit the floor so slow and when I saw the screen it was broken from side to side, I don't think is a good quality product. and not sure if this actually protects your phone. This happened to an iPhone 7
 Bought this same brand for my two iPhone 6 phones and they worked great and lasted a long time. Bought them again for my two iPhone 7 phones and they both cracked within 3 days. The screens themselves didn't crack, but the protectors did.. not sure what they're doing differently, but it seems the quality has gone down significantly.
 Tired many brands on Amazon for the iPhone 8.  Same issue with all of them, obvious they all come out of the same factory.<br/><br/>The sides will not lay flat and look terrible.  I suspect its lack of adhesive or too thick of glass.  Additional just like the other protectors, dust is already on the adhesive.  From the factory these are tainted.  Every brand seems to have this problem.
 By far, the best screen saver ever! Easiest to install and crystal clear! Don’t even think about it, just buy!!
 These screen protector's are wonderful. My 13 month old has decided that my phone is his new toy and after dropping it on the ground numerous times (and even throwing it) I eventually noticed a crack on the screen. I assumed the phone screen was cracked but it was actually just the screen protector. My husband replaced it and now there is no crack! I HIGHLY recommend these!
 Quick and easy application! I find these screen protectors so much easier to apply than the film ones, and vastly prefer the level of protection and the feel of them on the phone. I've used these on at least 7 of the phones our family has had over the past few years and have never had the phone screen crack, even after dropping the phone and having the protective screen crack.<br/><br/>Thanks!
 It probably is much better than what I know about it.  You do get 2, which is a good thing.  I am not the best to judge this because I couldn't see it well enough to put it on correctly,
 These tempered glass screen protectors are great quality and much easier to apply as compared to other brands that I've used.<br/>The top removeable flexible plastic film has two extended 'tabs' that provide convenient grab points for installation. The tempered glass can be lowered and aligned onto the phone screen via these 'grab tabs' so your fingers never have to touch either facing surface. Once positioned, the top flex plastic with the tabs is then easily peeled off.
 The screen protector was fine after a small drop, but my screen shattered. I had an otter box case on to.
 I received these screen protectors a few days ago for my iphone 6s and this is a GREAT product. After reading the reviews and knowing that I needed to purchase a screen protector that was tempered glass, I decided to buy this. They also emailed me a video to watch on how to install the protector which was great!! It made the installation quick and easy, and not one air bubble. Great product!!!
 I just bought these over winter break and I'm glad I did. It protects your phone. This + an Otterbox case can't be beaten!
 Great price and a really good product and you will not find a glass screen protector for the price , I have this product on multiple iPhones , it has been on my phones for months and it looks brand new , I have purchased other glass screen protectors and they did not last , I would recommend this product and will purchase again , but I think it will be sometime because this product is Wearing very little , I can't Even see one scratch
 These saved my phone screen when I dropped my phone!  The screen protectors have cracked but my phone screen did not. I keep one on my phone at all times.
 Easy to install; perfect fit.  Nice glass surface; feels just like the original screen.<br/>What's even more impressive is the support received. I cracked the protector when sitting on the phone (which is the point; the protector breaks instead of the screen) and I received an immediate replacement.  Great to see a responsive company that stands behind their product.  I sent an email about my issue, and within 15 min received a reply to confirm my address for a free replacement.  Received another 2 pack within a couple days.  Awesome service.  Highly recommend!
 Forgot I even had it on my phone until I seen a crack. After searching to have my screen replaced, I remembered I had this protection on the screen. Removed it and my screen was fine. So I ordered another one!
 I bought this for my 16yr old, so you can imagine how important (and difficult) protecting her phone is to me.  The screen is slightly smaller than the display, and fits well so hopefully this one lasts longer than the previous screen protector I had from a different company.  So far, so good.  It works well with her display, and she seems to like it.
 For the price these are fine and offer good protection.  Cannot get the bubbles out of the corners no matter what I do.
 Love this screen protector. Very easy to apply and you can't see it as much. It's great also to have two of the screens in one package so if this one gets scratched I have another one to use. Great customer service; I asked them a question and they went above and beyond in helping me! I can deregulate they have so many great reviews. I would definitely recommend this brand.
 Just got it and the instructions were very easy to understand. Just make sure to be careful when putting it on and use all the equipment given to you like the screen cleaning wipes and dryer, the dust removers. Then put on the screen. These are super important for your phone, on top of that it's a pack of 2, so just incase one breaks you have a replacement!
 One of the protectors arrived with a tiny chip so I emailed their customer service to let them know. I wasn't even asking for a replacement, since a tiny chip wouldn't make a difference. They responded the same day, thanked me for the feedback and as soon as I sent a picture of the issue, they immediately sent a replacement. The protector itself fits perfectly and has already saved my screen when I dropped my phone on cement. It's not as thick as my previous tempered glass protector, but seems to work just as well without the extra bulk. I would absolutely buy this particular item again.
 Really easy application. The product is thick too so my phone feels super protected but at the same time all touch screen functions still work. It's a little small but I have an iPhone 6s and I understand it's so it won't create air bubble through the curved sides-- and it definitely works, I have no air bubbles!
 A thick and strong screen protector. Easy assembly. So far stays even and good on my iphone 7. Thicker compared to most of other protectors which allows better protection of the screen.
 This is a pretty great product. The tabs on the side makes it easy to place the plastic on the screen. It comes with little alcohol pads to clean the screen and has a protecting pad to dry it with. Fits perfectly on my iPhone 7.
 The screen protectors arrived safely in reasonable packaging. Everything needed to install a new protector was included. The price was reasonable especially for two protectors. The proof of quality will be if they work.
 Very easy to apply.  I oversee the management of over 1000 mobile devices so I see lots of cheap screen protectors and cracked screens.  This is one of the best ones I’ve used and one that I recommend to our users and the one I use personally.
 Went on with no issues, good instructions.  Thankfully, haven't had to test and hopefully don't have to.
 I've purchased more expensive glass protectors for my previous iPhones and can honestly say, I can't tell the difference between those costly brands and this one. I would definitely buy this product again and recommend it to others. I did drop my phone, the fall was about 2 ft and the only thing thank crack was the glass protector for which I was very grateful.
 I've dropped my phone countless of times and this case has saved my phone screen! I'm so glad it came with two so I could swap out the one that took damage from the 100th drop!
 I love the product.  This is my third order and I will order again, they are lifesavers for my phone-I tend to drop my phone a lot and I have shattered the protective cover but never my screen!  This is not a thin little plastic film, this is a hard, clear protective cover that does not interfere with the use of the screen.  Great product!!
 Best screen protector I've ever used. I don't usually write reviews, but I want to make sure I never forget how much better this brand is than all of the others. It comes with a wet and dry wipe, stickers for dust removal, 2 tabs on the screen protector for precise application, and a card for removing bubbles. Applying a screen protector has never been so easy and frustration free for me. 10/10 will buy again. And yes, it comes with 2 of everything, so that when you need to repply, you have all of the items to do so a second time.
 This did nothing for protecting my phone screen. Dropped an iPhone 6 with case &amp; this tempered glass screen and my phone screen still cracked.
 Works great. It will crack though. You have to hit it pretty good. It is worth the screen protection.  Just peel off and put on new. Works fine with cracks until you replace.<br/><br/>If it cracks it had a good reason
 These are very nice screen protectors.  They are easy to place and are very durable.  I've bought them for several different phones.
 Easy to install and 100x better than an flimsy/plastic screen protector. Save yourself the trouble of buying this at a retail store or having them install it as it's very easy.<br/><br/>Recommend you not put on your case or use your phone lots after installing the glass so it can sit and properly "adhere" to your phone's screen. Will prevent bubbling underneath from quick usage.
 Bought the Screen Protector for my then new iPhone 7 a few months ago and I'm glad I did; phone fell from about 4-1/2 feet on to my garage floor. At first I thought, crap...cracked the screen, but no! The screen protector is what cracked and no damage done to the phone's screen.  Replaced damaged screen protector with new one and going to buy another two-pack.
 I have not tested the extent of the protection (thankfully), but the screen protector was easy to put on the phone without bubbles, it does not impede or distort the screen, and I'm pretty sure the fingerprint smudges degrade over time without wiping. That is to say that I have not cleaned the screen at all in the two weeks that I've used it, and it is difficult to see any fingerprint smudges. Overall, it is an excellent product (especially for the price!) and I am quite happy with my purchase.<br/><br/>If ever the protection gets put to the test, I will update this review to tell the results.
 Iphone 6 Model MKQF2LL/A fits perfectly.  The glass is a bit smaller than screen due to curve of phone.  I have had this on my phone for several weeks, a few drops and no issues.  Past weekend the phone was in a small lightly padded wallet and was run over by a car, the protective screen cracked but the phone was absolutely unharmed.  I use a Spigen case.
 This screen protector is awesome - really great quality but a "lifetime warranty" is only good for one replacement - that is not a lifetime warranty
 Best protection for your iPhone can’t tell you how many times this tempered glass saved my phone.  I will continue to use this glass
 Great directions and customer support. Seems to be holding up well on my phone. Easy to apply and covers more than my previous one of a different brand.
 I needed something to hold my already shattered screen together while I waited a month for the new iPhones to come out.  They are a bit smaller than the phone because of the rounded glass, so you better get a bumper case too because the really bad cracks always start at the edge.
 Love this screen protector! This is my second time buying it. It has saved me a couple times when I’ve dropped my phone and instead of cracking my phone screen it cracked the tempered glass. TechMatte has been awesome! They are so friendly! They shipped it out the same day and even emailed me a how-to video of the best way to put the screen on. The instructions were easy and I don’t have any air or dust bubbles. Best of all it came with two! I would recommend getting the product to any one!
 This produce has really protected my phone glass. This is the longest I have gone without breaking the glass! I have dropped my phone several times hard and the glass is still in perfect condition.
 These screen protectors successfully prevent the screen from shattering on a drop! However, they are very challenging to put on to keep dust out. I ended up using the second one right away because the first one caught dust. I am giving this a 4 because the customer service is wonderful and they offered me a new one at no charge as a courtesy.
 Got a new iPhone 8 so I needed a screen protector. It was difficult to apply, looks nice, and so far its been good.
 So far so good. There's a little air along the top left edge that's because I didn't center it perfectly on a iphone 7 which has curved edges. But I'm satisfied with this product.
 Dropped my phone face down in a parking lot and thought for certain I cracked the screen but thanks to this wonderful screen protector, not so much as a scratch on the actual glass. I immediately ordered a new screen protector to replace the one that cracked. So pleased with this product, truly amazing!
 So far the screen saver is great! It was easy to put on, &amp; my touch screen works great with it on. I am a little disappointed with the size I guess. There is like a1/16-1/8" around the edge of the screen protector that isn't protecting. I have iPhone 7 &amp; I put on the right screen protector, it just seems small, &amp; make me nervous that if my phone was dropped, that it wouldn't work.
 I jus got this yesterday and applied it last night. I can't speak for the endurance just yet. I can say that the application is easy, the instructions are easy, typical of other tempered glass screens, and it definitely feels just like your phone screen. Customer Service has been good. They sent an email to make sure I was satisfied. So far I'm happy with it.
 This is partly my own issue since I didn't read the instructions properly, but I ended up with a gap at the corner. Luckily they send two, so I can install the other one when I get annoyed enough with the gap to change it.
 I am super impressed with this screen protector. Best $8 I’ve ever spent! I’ve dropped my phone so many times and the screen never broke. The cover itself was severely cracked after my phone directly impacted face down on the cement. I was so relieved when I realized that it was the cover, not the screen that was cracked. Just ordered another package of these to have on hand because they are SO WORTH IT.
 Both of my screen covers cracked severely within the first month or so of use. This was under normal use, and without dropping my phone.  I would not purchase this again.
 Good glass cover just doesn't fit all the way there is a small gap on each side, which is fine for me.  I do use an otter box along with it as I am accident prone.
 Does what it advertises. Just make sure your screen is clear of the tiniest of specks/debris because otherwise there will be bubbles under the protective screen that are tough to get out once screen put on due to firmness of this protective screen
 Terrible quality. Both of them have tiny little bubbles. Definitely will never buy again.
 Great product and easy to install. Had it on my old phone and got another for my new phone. Husband has it on his phone too.
 I've used a lot of screen protectors over the years and this was one of the best.  Once I centered it on the phone and placed it onto the screen, it essentially sealed itself on there.  Because the screen and screen protector are both ultra smooth surfaces, the two vacuum together easily.  It was very cool to watch it seal itself.  Would recommend this product to others.  Be sure to use the included wipes to ensure you have a clean surface to apply it to.
 I have an iPhone 7 and this screen barely fits over the phone screen. I had to be very precise about how I put it on, so it took me awhile. That being said, it seems very sturdy and has a nice finish.
 I’ve used a number of different brands of screen protectors for my phones and tablets and the amFilm is one of easiest to install with the least amount of bubbles. It is much less expensive than others but with similar quality.
 This item works great.  It fits my iPhone 6s perfectly.  The price is right and I like the fact that it comes with 2 screen protectors.  It's nice in case you screw one up or you want to replace one later.  There are a lot of screen protectors out there.  I'm completely satisfied with this one.  Go ahead and order it.
 This is the 2nd time that I have ordered these and only because a new phone was purchased. These work just as good, if not better than a leading competitor.
 I ordered this glass 2 pack recently. It was easy to install and didn't have problems with bubbles. Great price.
 I got after upgrading my phone. This screen protector had all the tools to be able to put on, it seem not too difficult to put (since someone else put it on for me)
 Very easy to install. Once you line up one end you simply place it down and it goes on with no bubbles or troubles.  NOTE check your placement twice and set it once because from my experience with two kids that are hard on their phones.... it is always difficult to reset it in place.  Take your time ...use the cleaners provided so no dirt or bubbles appear. It is a great product and looks like the glass itself.......
 Bought it after I read through some reviews, seemed legit. It is indeed legit. Super simple installation, comes with everything you need - very hard to mess this one up. There is also a second screen protector in the box - extra stuff is always welcome.<br/><br/>It fits my iPhone 8 well. Screen protector itself is slightly smaller than the entire front display, but it covers the "screen" part perfectly.
 I've bought a few of these over the years. Recently, I've noticed that the edges don't blend in well with the screen of the phone - they're very obvious and don't stick well. Scratches easily as well.
 Works great - daughter put it on her iPhone 8 and has had no problems.<br/><br/>Update - We went through the 2 protectors &amp; bought another pack of these in September.  Did a great job protecting the screen !
 The screen was extremely easy to install.  Once I aligned the product and let it go, it almost automatically took out all bubbles by itself.  I did not rate the durability because I’ve only had it on my screen for a little over a week and really haven’t had any drops to put it to the rest;).  The screen also has some kind of anti-fingerprint protection which is very nice.
 The screen protector was easy to put on my iPhone 6S. It does not go all through the edges due to the curved shape of the phone but it does serve its intended purpose and covers the screen completely. The touch is really smooth. I had another screen protector before this one and it had a little blueish reflection. This one is completely transparent and does not make you feel like there is anything on the screen. I am usually habitual of leaving my phone upside down anywhere. The screen protector has served well in protection from scratches. I have not yet dropped my phone so I am not sure how well will it protect the screen from the drop, but so far it has done a good job.
 I had this screen protector on my phone for about a year and it looked perfect until I dropped my phone on a slab of rock (face down). To my horror, my screen looked shattered. When I peeled off the screen protector, I discovered that my actual screen didn't even have a scratch!! I immediately replaced the screen protector (thankfully I kept the second one that comes in the package) and ordered this product again. Definitely a great buy! It saved me a lot of money!
 Great item.  Instructions are eady to understand and all materials needed to apply are included.  Very clear, protective screen saver!
 This item arrived on schedule, carefully packaged and exactly as advertised. Installation was very simple and the product is excellent. I would highly recommend this item and am very pleased we made this selection for my wife's new phone.This is a great company to do business with.
 There is no better screen protector, even at the price. It is thick and not flimsy like others I've had. It also comes with a dry and wet one time use cleaning cloth for each protector as well as dust removal tape to get rid of all the fine dust particles. Will definitely be buying this again, I didn't read the instructions the first time so I messed up the first one, but that's my fault. Was too excited to get it on without considering to do it properly.
 Very easy to put on, an huge issue I've had with other protectors.  Excellent customer service, They emailed me to ask if I was satisfied and when I mentioned that I had nicked a corner myself by using my fingernail (had taken their handles off already) by peeling off and adjusting the protector too many times ( my fault, I should have turned on brighter light to be able to see what I was doing more clearly-when I did so for the others I put on, it was a snap), even though I said it was my fault, they sent me a free pack of two new protectors.  Thus far it is holding up great and I know if there ever is a problem, they will replace the protector, a-much cheaper alternative then then the $100+ I paid each time to fix the broken screen.
 So far so good. I really don't like how it doesn't cover my entire phone which is the only reason why I'm giving it four stars, but at the same time, it's been dropped since then and it's been okay. Knock on wood. It seems durable I just wish it'd cover more.
 I have always used a screen protector on my iPhones and this one is the best yet.  Other screen protectors I've used were difficult to install and it was hard to remove the air bubbles from between the screen and the protector.  This was easy and the clarity is better than any other protector I've used in the past.
 I LOVE my screen protector from Techmatte! It doesn't detract from clarity or resolution in the slightest way. Installation was straight forward and I've had zero issues with bubbling or lifted edges. I have, and will continue to recommend this screen protector to friends and anyone who asks me about a great screen protector.
 Much cheaper than what you can buy at any cellular phone store.  Great quality. I have been a repeat customer for years now
 Easy to put one but didn’t seem like they last long at all. Seemed like it cracked and scratched fast.
 You must buy now before you break your phone or your kid does or your drunk and drop it, trust me you'll thank me later
 I received the screen protector very quickly and installation was a breeze.  It lies on my phone like it had grown there.  No problems.  I would recommend it.<br/>aj
 This was super easy to apply and had no bubbles underneath it! I'm usually terrible at putting these things on, but this was super quick. Hasn't cracked yet after about a month and I am notoriously clutzy.
 Easy to put on. Definitely protects the screen. I would definitely buy it again for another phone.
 Fantastic product. They added a few absurdly simple features that make application so much less stressful. Like tabs sticking out from either end so you don’t have to touch the glass itself while applying to your device. The tabs also make aligning it perfectly much easier. Looked perfect after I installed it, no dust no bubbles.
 This protector does not fit the iPhone 7 and judging from other reviews it doesnt fit the iPhone 8 either. The protector is very easy to install and has no visible bubbles in the middle of the screen but along with other users, there is a very visible halo around the edges where the protector does not adhere. Would not recommend.
 I really liked all the stuff that came with the package and the step by step instructions! This screen protector is crystal clear!
 I was very impressed with the quality of this product. They sent me an email as soon as it was delivered explaining how to put it on and how to contact them if there were any issues. The front plastic protector has tabs on either end to hold while applying the screen protector. I have never seen this before. They were incredibly useful. Glass screen protectors are so easy to apply. This came with everything you could need. The corner of the screen protector near the home button was a little warped so it doesn't lay completely flat, but it isn't bad enough for me to take off a star. Haven't dropped it yet, I would probably purchase these again. I will update if anything changes.<br/><br/>*UPDATE*<br/>It has been several months now, and the screen protector is still holding up very well. The warping I talked about when I first got it has NOT gone away, and there was even more warping on the second screen protector I applied on another phone. It's durable, but you can find better screen protectors that aren't warped for the same price. I will definitely continue buying glass screen protectors, but I would pass on these.
 Cracks easily. Not sure if it’s protecting the glass on my phone in the process, but it is definitely not durable itself. I’ve had other glass that lasts longer
 A bit nervous about doing this. Not much success in the past with other protectors. Happy to say that this company has it down pat. Went online to their site and followed the instructions to a "t".  Great installation and no dust particles. Zounds! Going to see if my girlfriend has one and offer to put one on for her.
 amFilm is a great product! This one is thicker than the other brand. It comes with two sets, they both are very good quality. TechMatte service is very good. I will buy more from TechMatte.
 Great product.  Complete with everything you need to clean your screen and install the new protector.  Fantastic and easy to use!  A+++
 I’ve been using this product for over a year... it doesn’t quite go to the edge of your phone but none of them do... unfortunately, I dropped my phone and it hit right on the corner where the screen protect doesn’t reach and I got a crack on my iPhone screen :-/ but I still ordered more because overall it’s a good product and I’ve recommended this brand to others as well!
 Brilliant product at a good price.  My iPhone takes a beating - it's skidded across tile, brick, stone, and concrete floors, and the screen stays scratch-free and crack-free.  The first time my phone had a tough tumble, I thought the phone screen was cracked, but it was actually the screen protector.  I simply removed it and replaced it with a new one.
 I bought this brand for my 7+ iphone and bought this for my husband's. I like their packaging and instructions. Some glass protector's break easily but still sell because they are a couple dollars cheaper. In other words, spend the extra $2 and get higher quality you will be able to tell the difference.
 Great post sale customer service. Mine cracked after 9 months (The phone got dropped a lot), so I went to their site entered my Amazon order number, they sent me a brand new replacement! Highly recommended, great quality as well, protected my phone's screen after all these drops!
 This glass protector was incredibly easy to put on, I was shocked.  I thought for sure I was going to get bubbles, very easy quick instructions, fits perfectly!
 Took me about 15 minutes to get off all the lint. Even after taking the time to remove lint it still ended having some under the screen. But that's fine. Pretty awesome deal considering you get 2 for 8 dollars.<br/><br/>Update: The screen protector wouldn't completely adhere to the right side of my screen, I noticed on the box that it said that if I was not 100% satisfied to contact TechMatte via email, so I did. They were super helpful and sent me a free replacement within three days!. Amazing customer service. Wish more companies stood by their products like that.
 I bought these screen protectors for my phone and the phones of my family members.  The screen protectors worked great!  They were easy to install and it came with all different wipes to ensure the installation works flawlessly without any fuzz sticking to the screen.  The price was right as well! Would buy this product again and recommend it to others.
 SO PERFECT! Usually when I buy glass screen protectors, they get cracked within a month or so. I've had these for a while now and nothing! It's great! They're so much better and cheaper than buying them at an actual store. Will DEFINITELY buy again!
 Terrible product. Cleaned screen perfectly and first one had multiple bubbles in it and was lifting off the edges around whole screen. Applied second one and no bubbles this time, but again all way around edge can see protector is lifted from the glass. Going to order a different brand and take this off and throw it away.
 So far, so good. Fits my new iPhone 7  as planned. I always by tempered glass, and I get anxiety putting these things on. This one was extremely easy! Fits good and has a good feel to it!
 This is one of the best products I have purchased to protect my phone.<br/>The directions are clear and easy to follow, plus they include wipes and stickers to further remove any dust before you apply to glass protector to your device.<br/>Their customer service is unmatched by any other company.  I had a bit of difficulty with my first product and the customer service representatives took the time to personally email me and lead me step by step to a resolution that ensured my satisfaction.<br/>I will absolutely continue my business with this company and their products!
 I am happy with the screen cover.  My only complaint is that I wish it covered a little bit more of the surface, closer to the edge of the phone.  It cuts off slightly before the edge and my additional phone cover doesn't cover the difference, so there is a tiny part that is not protected.  However other than that I am very pleased with it.
 A fantastic screen protector. No bubbles &amp; very easy to install.<br/><br/>In fact i bought this a while back &amp; when one of them started to crack probably due to use, I emailed them &amp; they just sent me a replacement. No questions asked.
 My phone hasn't cracked and I've dropped it at least 100 times. They give you every thing you need for easy and quick application of the screen protector.
 Actually just dropped my phone today and the screen protector did it’s job well! The only reason I don’t give it 5 stars is because of the fit. I meticulously followed the instructions and positioned the screen protector as centered as it can be. It seems that because of the shape of the iPhone 7, the protector just doesn’t sit flush on all of the sides. So there are small lifts all around the edges. Otherwise, a great product.
 I bought screen protectors for our phones, one is a different brand but i should say this one is the best..it attaches to the phone easily without leaving any bubbles..some screen protectors i always have a hard time removing all the bubbles because no matter how i clean the phone first without lints, it still makes bubbles..this one surprisingly doesnt..so i highly recommend this brand to anyone!
 Docked a star as it doesn't sit well at the edges of the screen. I feel its slightly too large for the iPhone 7 screen. Works as described and haven't broken one yet so unsure of the replacement process.
 So I ordered the wrong size but the quality of the protector was pretty nice, they give you wipes, a cloth, and the little stickers to pick up the dust on the screen. The #2 plastic on the protector sticks out so you can hold both ends and hover over your phone to find the perfect spot before placing it. Customer service is great, they are fast and kind and they try to help you out as best as they can. They helped me by sending the correct size when it was my mistake in the first place!
 Easy to apply. Cheaper than the competition but offers same level of protection. Needs to be 1mm to 1.5mm wider for better coverage.
 This would be a good product, but it has already started peeling off. I made sure it was completely clean when I put it on.
 Super easy to install and the feel is as smooth as the original iPhone screen. Love it!!  UPDATE - My son tripped while hiking on a rocky path and he thought he shattered the screen on his phone but he peeled off the protector and his screen was fine! Great product!
 I took a chance on this product based on reviews. I'm super surprised and pleased by the quality! I have always spent $30+ for this kind of protector. I have an iPhone 7 and it fits perfectly. The pack comes with 2 (for $10!) and with all the extra helpful cleaners and instructions.
 Preserves I phone glass face and stays put.  Just make sure to follow directions and you will have no problems.
 The kit includes the items necessary for preparation and installation. No air pockets. The clarity of the screen view is excellent. It wipes clean easily. While I have not tried to scratch it, it should be quite difficult, given the hardness of the material. The vendor appears to be prepared to promptly resolve any issue that comes up. I have registered my purchase for warranty replacement. The product pricing was very reasonable.
 Came with two screen protectors: one didn't have the tab for applying, so I messed up applying it and had to throw it out. Second one went on fine, but started cracking like crazy within days. Cheap pays twice.
 These are hands down the best screen protectors and they are a great price. I drop my phone a lot and have never had the actual screen crack. I’ve had to replace the protector several times but I think that’s because I’m so rough on it. It’s always cheaper to put another one of these on then to get my phone screen replaced. Highly recommended!
 Probably the last favorite screen protector I've used. I've installed roughly 10 screen protectors on my phones over the years and never had issues with bubbles. This was the first time I had consistent bubbling issues.
 The protector doesn't fit the contour of the screen and that leaves bubbles on the edges. No wonder they are selling it so cheap.
 Good directions easy to install. Came with wipes and everything needed to install. I didn't install in a steamy bathroom and no fuzz or bubbles. Contrary to some reviews it covers more than my old $30 glass screen protector and both protectors came un broken. It's close to being too big for my 6s time will tell if it will lift on the edges. Fits good, clear as the phones glass and has nice beveled edges. Would buy again if needed. Took a year to break my last one and I'm happy to report my screen didn't break.
 Perfect for the iPhone 7 Had it on for about two weeks and me being a clumsy oaf drop it. Luckly for the case and screen protector the only damage was to the screen protector. Small chips on the edge and a small crack.  Contacted TechMatte a new replacement is on the way.
 Applies simply enough, Haven't used it in a situation, but I have used these before and they do crack before your screen does.
 My wife purchased the more expensive version recommended for Otterboxes, but this one looks just as good, was easier to install and came with two screen protectors vs her one. Haven't had the chance to rate its effectiveness yet but I'm also hoping I won't have to...
 The protector went on easily enough, but I have 2 small persistent bubbles that just won't go away.  Overall, it was easy and appears to offer solid protection, so I'm happy with it.  Also nice to know I have a spare on hand if I ever need to replace.
 This is an excellent product. I installed the screen cover on my two phones.<br/><br/>The other day I dropped one phone, and it landed squarely face down. I heard the crack. Fearing the worse, I picked up my phone expecting to see the phone screen itself cracked. It wasn't. The screen protector cracked but saved my screen. Now that's great protection for a great price! In the past I've used a film-type protector, and I'm sure my screen would have cracked with the film type. I'm glad I happened to select this type of protector.<br/><br/>Since I initially didn't know what kind or brand of protector to get, I just want to offer feedback about this product that you may find helpful.
 A great screen protector! My phone was knocked out of my hand and fell flat onto a hard floor and my screen had no scratch on it. You could see on the protector where the phone might have been damaged. My whole screen could have cracked because of the impact. Bought this protector again and will probably continue to use.<br/><br/>It also doesn’t feel like a screen protector is on your phone.
 Find another screen protector and save your money.  Ordered and received on a Wednesday. Put the protector on my phone Wednesday night when we got home from work. It’s now Saturday morning and it has a crack from the top right corner all the way to the bottom left corner. The phone fell off my back seat in the car and hit the empty floorboard and that tiny fall made the screen protector crack. We’re talking a 14 inch fall onto bare carpet. Extremely disappointed.
 Love these and they have the best protection for my iPhone screen. Also like that they will replace it if it breaks . Best customer service. Thanks
 I would never go without one of these glass protectors over on iPhone. It has saved my phone twice from a cracked screen. I dropped my phone off of a 10 foot wall onto some river rocks and my phone fell face down and the screen protector cracked, but not my phone ! So excited about the glass protectors!
 I was pleasantly surprised how easy this screen protector was to install. It installed perfectly. It came with everything you need and the instructions were simple.
 These screen protectors are made of quality material and processes!!!<br/>I really like the product!1
 This was easy to put on and I have had zero problems with the touchscreen.  I do with it was just a tinsy bit wider to cover a bit more of the screen but I can also see that with a different case that might be a problem.
 Dropped my phone so that it landed face down on the tile floor today. The screen protector cracked, but my phone is fine. Definitely recommend this product. Easy to install. Nice that two come in the pack!
 Easy application and they give you all the supplies needed. Nice sleek look once it is on your phone and they give you an extra just in case. I have since dropped it several times and it has not shattered like all my other phones. Good product! I would definitely buy again!
 This cover is so much better than the pricey “guaranteed” one I got at the phone store. I used it on my iPhone 6 S Plus, then bought one for my dauther’s iPhone 8.
 Thank you this is just what I needed one and I purchased previously was defective and the company never reached out to me you have reached out to me and checked up on him satisfied I am that is the customer service the  screensaver came in perfect and installed perfectly awesome thank you again !
 Easy to install,just follow the instructions. Very  pleased with the continued touch sensitivity. No bubbles and no edge lift it is cut to fit.
 I purchased a screen protector for both an iPhone 7 and a Galaxy S6. The iPhone protector was perfect, no problems putting it on. I love that it came with cleaning wipes and dust removers. It definitely makes the process a lot smoother. The S6 protector, however, came very dirty and despite my efforts to clean it, it just wasn't working correctly. I contacted customer support over email and they go back with me in minutes. They're sending me a replacement in the mail. Very pleased with both the product and the customer service.
 I purchased this item my mistake. I need an iphone 7 plus..... this one is to small for the iphone 7 plus.... one star...... it will cost you $5.99 to send it back. $5.99 really? I have never had to pay for returns on shoes, car matts, any thing and I do a lot of shopping in Amazon.
 I did not like this screen protector.  I follows the direction to get it on, even steamed up the bathroom for the second try.  Both times I scratched the screen protector trying to get the bubbles out.  I also thought it was glass, but it is plastic.  Threw it away and bought a glass protector.
 The packaging was good, the application to the screen was easy. A year later edges started to peel off the screen. Even though there is no damage to the screen protector, I need to replace due to poor adhesive.
 Great product. Like how easy it is to put on straight. Only wish it was a little larger/covered closer to the edge but I realize that's done on purpose due to curve of the phone. Overall seems a really sturdy, great screen protector!
 I originally bought one of those so-called screen "protectors" that actually talked against the tempered glass--but it offered (in its claims) to make the screen shatter--resistant.  When I got something altogether different from what the claims stated, I was furious; but one call and I was able to just go ahead and get the tempered glass.  I found this EASY to install, and most if not all of the "bubbling" simply went away on its own.  That "other" protector left hideous nasty looking bubbles all over my screen, I was livid.  Once I got these, I couldn't wait to pull off that other hideous thing and give this a try.  WHAT a difference!  The screen protector IS a little smaller than the screen--because of the rounded edges of the iPhone 7. I can live with that.  I bought a good Otterbox to protect the back and sides, including a lip over the top enhancing both dust and water "resistance" but now I had to put something over that beautiful screen so that things in my pocket like keys and change would never scratch it. And this thing fills the bill "perfectly"... I was amazed at how it covered the screen so beautifully that unless you looked for the edges, you wouldn't even know it was on the screen.  I am attaching a few pictures... that ugly looking one is with the old "film" cover which created ugly bubbles and was NOT "shatter" resistant at all.  Then you can see how nicely THIS thing works--and I have a spare (I think 2 came in the pack) just in case--and it's WELL worth the price.  I love this protector, couldn't be happier and strongly recommend something shatter-resistant to protect that valuable screen on you beautiful new iPhone!  (On the Photos:  to the LEFT is that flimsy "film" and those ugly bubbles--that is NOT this product. but pictures 2 and 3 (taken with the background turned off so you could see any/all flaws) show how beautifully this thing covers your phone.. the hideous bubbles are gone, and you have that wonderful iPhone "gloss".  The "touch" works as well as ever and when the lights/phone are "on".. you couldn't tell that I had the glass protector on it--just a beautiful glass screen.  Thumbs up for a very fine product!
 I have bought this product many times because of how easy it was to install and how great it looked and how long it lasted. They recently changed what is included. It no longer includes handles for easy placement and there is only one side that you remove the plastic from so the other side isn’t as clear as before. Still came with 2 screens but only one set of wash and dry sheets. I dont think I will order this brand again.
 Great packaging and instructions. Contains more than I expected. Well done. Of course I just put it on my iPhone this morning, so it will be some time to see how it lasts. Pretty strange that you get two of them when there is a lifetime warranty. Guess I'll find a friend to share the second one with.
 dropped my iphone 8 and it was spiderwebbed.  i was disgusted to say the least.  took off the tempered glass screen protector and my screen didn't have so much as a scratch on it!  great product and much cheaper than paying for screen repair.
 Looks good, was fairly easy to put on ( In the bathroom full of steam, still took me a couple of times to get all the little "fuzzies" and air bubbles out) Seams to keep fingerprints and other smudges that I hate to a minimum.  My finger slides easily.  I hope I never have to test the durability but when I put it on it felt very sturdy and strong.  I'm happy, especially with quality to price.
 I love the way well-designed products come out of the package. Apple is good at this obviously, but these guys know what they're doing. They've obviously hired good designers to put their easy to install, well-manufactured product into it's little package. Nice work.
 I have to say that this is really an amazing product. My wife has dropped her phone countless times. I'm not sure why, but she can be a bit clumsy. This screen protector has saved her phone time and time again. I've gone through 3 of them already, and it's protected her iPhone's screen every single time. Quality product, and you won't be disappointed.
 The screen protector cracked after one fall, and then soon after there was another crack perpendicular to it.<br/>Easy to install though, without bubbles.
 This thing broke after like a day and I haven’t even dropped or abused my phone. It scratches easily and chipped immediately as I was applying it. don’t waste your money.
 Screen protector was good quality, and easy to install without bubbles. Fit the iPhone 8 perfectly. Cost is well below what the wireless phone store would charge.
 I am a repeat customer for this product. They are very easy to install. The package includes two screen protectors and other materials to put the screen protectors on. The instructons are extremely easy to read and you will come out with a perfectly placed screen protector!
 This screen protector comes with everything you need to apply it to your phone perfectly. It was super easy and I didn’t have a single bubble! I would recommend their tip to apply the screen protector in the bathroom with hot water running to reduce dust. It really helped. Fits my phone (iPhone 7) perfectly and looks great!
 Easy to install. Everything you need is in the box, and the directions are very clear.<br/>I am very happy so far, but it's only been a few days. I had only used the vinyl cover protectors Ion my old iPhone 4s. This is something new to me being tempered glass. It is much easier to work with, and I didn't get any dust under the screen.
 This screen protector is great! It is thick enough to feel like it will protect your screen from scratches or cracks, without feeling so thick as to make your phone feel bigger. I love that the package came with two screen protectors, mostly because I didn't get the first one to work perfectly and I had a second one that I managed to fit much better. I haven't noticed any reduced touch functionality or responsiveness. I would definitely recommend this product to my friends!
 Was easy to install; comes with everything you need to make a great protector. Clear screen. Fits on iPhone 7s perfectly.
 I have bought this same product probably 4 times now, so 8 screen protectors. They are great! Best one I have been able to find ever. My husband uses them as well. People in the reviews are saying that they are to small but in reality they’re not. They don’t cover the edge of screen for a reason, phone case!
 Pretty lame that the adhesive did not stick for too long and no matter what the 3 sheets I used still came out having bubbles on them.
 I absolutely adore this screen protector. For whatever reason I didn’t have a screen protector on my phone and I decided I needed to have an extra level of protection. This product is extremely affordable and so easy to apply. Usually my husband is the one to apply/install detail oriented items but I decided to give it a whirl and it was so easy and I don’t have a single bubble to annoy me. I will only use these type of screens going forward.
 Just installed.  Watched video installation instructions.  Very easy.  No bubbles.  Also easy to properly position.  Seems really strong.
 This is a great deal! You get two screen protectors that have a special cover to help you align them perfectly. Everything is included, from wet and dry clothes to clean to a squeegee to help press the protector on. Also once you register your purchase you get a lifetime warranty so when life causes you to crack it one day you’re covered. Don’t get much better than that!
 These screen protectors are awesome! Very easy to put on with foolproof tabs for installation and you can't beat the price (especially with two in the pack)! Their customer service is also fantastic... I cracked a screen protector and they immediately responded to my inquiry and sent a new one with no cost to me. You don't see customer service like this too much anymore. I would recommend to anyone. Very impressed.
 I've paid 5 times as much for glass screen protectors and they weren't any better than this one. It works great..I've already dropped my phone with it on and no scratches or cracks. It was very very easy to apply. I've never applied one before; I've always had the salesperson at the store do it. It went on flawlessly, no bubbles. Extremely happy with this purchase!
 I dropped my phone on asphalt and thought for sure the crack penetrated all the way through the phone.  To my surprise it was perfect.  The glass cover was the one that cracked across screen.  Thank goodness for this technology!
 Strong. Easy to install, went on a brand new phone so I didnt get any bubbles. Almost no difference in touch sensing. My only gripe is its a tad too small on the width. Unless you align it perfectly youll have part of the screen uncovered. Width could use an extra 2-3mm. Yes in this case, it makes a big difference.
 I dropped my phone in a crack between a seat on a boat, and it was impossible to fish it out. One of my friends decided to move the seat forward to try to retrieve it, but instead crushed my phone several times with the seat's metal rod. I heard glass crunching and expected the worst. 30 minutes later, we were finally able to get my phone out using a coat hanger, and lo and behold--the screen protector was the only thing damaged!! My screen is 100% intact thanks to this protector :D
 The product was incredibly hard to put on. I went through both screen protectors. The tabs were very difficult to tear off and left the phone looking really terrible as you can see from my picture. That photo posted is just several days after putting it on my phone. That is not from extensive wear and tear.
 Good protection. Glass cracked on fall but iPhone glass did not. Purchased again. Great customer service- they replaced the 2 pack for free when I emailed saying that I had some bubbles on installation and didn't like how it fit.
 Best screen protector I’ve had. It currently has been cracked/chipped on five separate occasion and maintained its overall integrity; no damage to my phone screen. One of the protectors in the two pack last over half of a year with no serious damage.<br/><br/>The clarity is great. The feeling of the protector is very similar to that of an actual phone screen. Fits well. Cleaning and set up kit is very helpful. Definitely buying again, especially for such a great price. Very easy to install with no dust or air bubbles.
 My phone took a pretty rough tumble and this protector was the only thing to crack- very impressed! It was easy to apply, easy to take off, easy to clean- it's probably the best screen I've ever had on my phone. I highly recommend it.
 By far the easiest to install screen. They give you a frame to insure a perfect fit without fail every time. I’ve cant believe my glass is centered for the first time ever.
 Super clear smooth glass. Feels like I don’t have anything on the screen but thick enough I know it’ll protect my phone. I feel like I have a brand new phone honestly. And you get two! I didn’t know that until I got the box. Such an amazing price compared to the $25 and up ones that sell at target or Walmart. I will definitely but these again if I go through the two I have now.
 As a chronic phone-dropper, I'm always dismayed to see cracks after I pick the phone up, only to remember that it's only this protector that cracked -- not my screen -- and the protectors are much easier and cheaper to replace (I'm on my second one now). Don't be like me and wait until you've had to actually pay to repair the screen before you slap a tempered glass protector on.
 This is my second purchase with them as I had my first screen protector from them on my phone for over a year. I love it. It works well. Doesn't glare. Can't tell there is a cover on the screen. Easy to apply. My husband and I both use it.
 I love this screen protector, it is amazing! While I was running I fell and my phone hit the ground first. The screen protector was very damaged but the phone itself has no scratches on it.
 This works well, however it does not cover the entire screen. It's short around all edges, by a pretty good bit. While it works, I am a little concerned that this doesn't cover the entire top of the phone the way that most other screen protectors do.
 I had one on my 6s from the start and dropped my phone shortly after I got it.  This screen cracked in several directions but my phone screen was perfectly fine.  I replaced the protector glass and have dropped my phone in a parking lot a couple of times with no breakage.
 I tried putting  Hide product on and followed the directions, it all seemed fine until 15 minutes after I was using it I noticed about half the screen had an air bubble in it. I then took it off and refolowed all the directions (even more carefully) and thought all was looking good. Same thing happened.. I would not reccomend this product and will have to buy a different one from a competitor
 This screen came with excellent cleaning equipment for the phone screen.  Between that and the high quality screen, it was easy to align and it went on very simply.  It looks and feels more smooth and clear than other protective glass that I have used in the past.<br/>Highly recommend!
 So easy to put on (came with all the materials you need and simple directions). Couldn’t believe I got the whole kit (with 2 protectors) for the price. I glanced at the prices of these things at the AT&amp;T store and was blown away at how much they charge. Absolutely a great purchase.
 The screen protector cracked the first time I dropped my phone... very light fall mind you.
 This is the first screen protector that I ever installed that had no bubbles and no peeling up. Very impressed thus far.
 I haven't dropped my phone yet so I can't tell how much protection this protector will provide. At first I was leery of it not fitting the whole screen, but it's just the right size so that you can add a phone cover.
 The alignment tabs are something new to me and WOW!  I've never so perfectly set a screen protector on the glass before.  So simple and yet brilliant.  If you've ever struggled with getting a screen protector straight before then you'll love this product.
 I had trouble putting on the screen protector (it was partly my fault for not listening to the advice about doing it in the shower with the hot water running) so I caused a bubble that I tried to squeeze out and just made it worse. I emailed the company and within 6 hours someone responded and offered me a free replacement with no hassle or problems. I had to comment on how great their customer service is. Furthermore, if I had done it right the screen protector would have been great, it is a very good quality product.
 This is the second time I've ordered these from Amazon with no regrets because they're handy to have around just in case my phone tales a dive (and it takes a bit for these screens to crack). I'm normally pretty crap at putting screen protectors on, but with these I manage just fine with NO bubbles what-so-ever. And with Prime prices these things are a steal. Thankfully, I haven't ever had these come cracked or broken during shipping/packaging. I recommend these for the price, durability and ease of application. No complaints at this time.
 Works great and keeps your screen from getting scratched or cracked.  It’s very easy to apply and had everything you need in the kit.
 Received in tact, packaging fine. Pretty easy to place on. I'm a bit of a perfectionist and got it close. What amazed me is that I didn't get a dog hair in it! Two labs means there's always that one! Feels nice to touch. It is slightly smaller, so ok  with case. I do think a hair bigger would have been perfect edge to edge with case, not phone. So far so good.
 Had it for about a month so far and it is working great still. No scratches on it yet even. Only thing is the edges get tiny fibers from my clothes or purse on it and it's just annoying I can't really clean it off. I can see them against my white phone front. It doesn't obscure the camera so it's okay.
 I will start off with why only 4 stars. When you place the screen protector on your iPhone 7 you have a cm or so around the protector that's exposed. Luckily my phone case almost makes up the difference. So that's why one less. Other than that it is amazing. I've dropped my phone so many times and I just replaced the first one now because I couldn't deal with all the cracks on the screen protector. My phone is now crack free and protected again.<br/>As you can see in the picture, it took a beating.
 I’ve bought these three times for various iPhones and for a friends iPhone. These are the best screen protectors and are good at not showing prints and smudges on the glass. Price is fantastic.
 I was optimistic about this purchase due to 1) The Price and 2) The number of reviews - I was concerned it was a "pay for review" situation. But, I have been VERY happy! Putting this glass into place was a breeze! The kit is very nice and straight forward - comes with everything you need! I would highly suggest purchasing these -- save your a$$ and get this glass :)  (couldn't help myself)
 Directions don’t say to use the dust remover stickers but the YouTube video does include that. Had some bubbles under my screen protector unfortunately. Also not really sure how to safely remove the thing but it was easy to apply and feels very sturdy. Nice and clear!
 I'm so glad I bought this because it is a sleeker alternative to the screen protectors that come with traditional bulky iPhone cases. It applied very easily (just follow the instructions provided). Though the product comes with two screen protectors, I know it will be awhile before I need to break out the second one because they're so durable. At first I was a little bit put off by the fact that there is a gap between the edge of the screen protector and the edge of the phone, but that hasn't been a problem at all as far as functionality and appearances go. Love it!
 I will never go back to using the plastic film again. This product rocks, it was easy to install, and we feel it has a clearer view of the screen.
 Gone are the days of using flimsy screen protectors and stressing about getting them on properly without bubbles. This product is so easy. Clean, line up, drop, watch it do it's magic, and done. If there are any bubbles, they actually come out with the card. It looks beautiful on my phone. They email you a short video on how to apply it and that was really nice. The only thing I still don't really have any knowledge of is how to get it back off without scratching the phone screen, if this ever needs to be done. I would also like to see a video regarding that.
 The product came on time and fit the screen as expected. The screen does not go completely to the edges as they make you aware in the description but works perfectly with the Otter Box Commuter cover. Have not and don't plan to test the tempered glass.
 As a business supporting a number of phone users, we have been buying these to ship to New Zealand as local options are very expensive.  These have been a good alternative for us especially due to the price.  They seem to be pretty good quality, besides a slight difference in touch feel compared to some of the pricier glass screen protectors - slightly higher swipe resistance compared to the bare phone screen.
 Overall it is a pretty good screen. I have butter fingers and keep dropping my phone :-) . Fortunately, this time I have a protective screen. already dropped my phone a couple of times but no harm done so far :-) I must add I also added a protective case. Fingerprints on the screen cover (but not that bad)  is the only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 -
 The trim tabs to help place the screen protector are a plus. (I could have used those for my nexus 6 screen protector)  Overall the product works well with no issues.  The coating on the protector enables me to wipe of finger smudges off easier as well as leaving the screen cleaner throughout the day.
 This has protected my screen, so I had to purchase another one.  Great product it indeed does what it says it does.
 These are great! I got a 2 pack for Christmas, applied the first one the same day I got them, and finally dropped my phone bad enough to crack the protector. It came off very easily and then I had the 2nd one to replace it with right away! I'll be ordering another 2 pack of these to have on hand for next time too. Highly recommend!
 This screen protector blends so well with the phone, you can hardly tell it's on. Perfect.
 I've been using this screen protector for just over two weeks now.<br/><br/>The installation process went smoothly. I had zero bubbles, just a nice flat surface. The screen protector itself feels great. It's extremely smooth. It also does a great job of hiding fingerprints.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, the edges of the screen protector are already starting to bubble up. Maybe that is due to the curved edges on the iPhone 7, but it was perfectly flat when I installed it.<br/><br/>I plan to try again with the spare screen protector. I'll update this review if I have better luck the second time.
 So i dropped my phone today in on a concrete parking lot. Luckily, I had this awesome screen protector. The screen protector observed the impact, cracked and my iPhone screen was just fine!
 Works great. easy to instal. I did crack it somehow after about 4 days of having it on. I hit my phone up against my key and the film glass got a small chip in the glass. It was easy to remove and I replaced it with the second film glass. very happy with this product
 I've been buying these over and over again. First, you can't beat the price. Second, they work so well! Third, they are incredibly easy to apply.<br/><br/>Definitely suggest using these as I've cracked them twice now and have had absolutely no damage to my actual phone screen.
 I have had this screen protector since August 2016. I just dropped my phone for maybe the thousand time since putting this screen protector on. It landed face down on a tile floor and when I picked it up the screen protector had some cracks in it. I am so grateful for this screen protector and am now ordering another one to replace this cracked one. I would have used the second one that came with this package but I gave it to someone else to use on their phone. I only wish putting the screen protectors on were easier that's why I gave it a 4 out of 5. But seriously. If you drop your phone a lot like I do buy this protector.
 the first screen i applied had some bubbles i couldn't get rid of even after i followed the instructions provided by the info in the box. i had no choice but to apply the second screen that came with my package. The second application worked very well and i was happy with the results. It was unfortunate that i had to use the second screen because I had intentions of applying it to my wife's iPhone 6s.
 I bought amFilm's glass screen protector for my Nintendo Switch back in 2017. Can't even tell it's there. I have bought and recommended this brand for other Nintendo Switches and Mobile devices. The warranty and free replacement program is a bonus!
 It isn't a perfect match to the pixel2 but I have dropped my dozen of times with no breakage. Easy to install.
 Very nice glass screen protector but it wasn’t easy to install. I’m glad it came with 2 glass protectors because I wasted the first one on a failed install but the 2nd one was better and it looks great.
 Does the job great, holds up great. Stuck it on, had a few issues with bubbles, but made it work. I have had it on for months, and not a scratch no matter how many times I have dropped the phone. I don't suggest testing the drop potential, but covers you if you do accidentally drop it every now and then.
 I dropped my phone from pretty high up and was really worried that I cracked it but only this protective screen cracked while my phone was in perfect condition underneath. I am going to buy more to have as backup. Definitely worth the money to have these on my phone and replace them then to repair broken screens.
 The iPhone 8,7,6S,6 Screen Protector Glass fits very well on my iPhone 7. It's easy to affix to the phone screen, clear with no bubbles following directions. The glass cleans very well from finger smuges. It was recommended by several family member.
 I loved this screen protector because it comes with a warranty if you register it! I also loved that it actually lined up with the circle button at the bottom of the phone and the speaker at the top. I find a lot of these do not actually line up exactly but this one did!!
 Definitely get tempered glass. I cant tell you how many times my screen has been saved. I dont mind breaking the $10 Tempered glass, you pull it off and the phone is fine. As for this particular one... No issues
 Good screen protector.  It fits within the flat portion of the screen, so you will see the edges of this protector.  Even with my protective case, I can see it.  However, I'm used to it and like knowing the screen has some protection.  I believe this is as good as any other protection.
 Things I liked best -  This glass is super amazing and I dropped the poor phone multiple times before I cracked it and NOT my iphone.  Wow. The positioning handles are a huge improvement and I like that all cleaning stuff was supplied.
 I Put this onto my iPhone 8 to see the outside of the perimeter  isn't sitting flush with the phone screen. At first i thought it was a faulty product so i asked them to replace it.  They sent me another one and the same thing happened. Don't waste your money on this product, It's Bad. I'll finish this by saying i fix phones for a living so i know how these are suppose to sit on screens.
 Exactly as described, excellent quality and easy to use. Great price too. Thank you for a great product.
 Excellent. Protecting my iphone 8 for last few months, I’ve dropped my phone at least 100x since then, not a scratch.
 This screen protector was easy to apply and pretty much adhered to the phone by itself.  If your phone is clean...it's a piece of cake.
 No glare, no smudges, easy to clean and apply, and so durable! Survives day to day drops and dings with ease, and unlike some other similar types of these i have used this one has not cracked or splintered AT ALL!
 It works as expected. It's a good value. The only negative is that the top doesn't have tabs to easily apply the screen protector. You have to carefully hold the edges of the screen protector when applying.
 This screen protector is excellent. Minimal smudging, very easy to install, good price.
 Worked as promised. Installed it on a iPhone 8. Come with extra alcohol and stickers to get the dust off of the device. Highly recommend this product if you want an inexpensive way to protect your phone.
 Wonderful screen protector! Works perfectly with 3D Touch, and it's kept mine and my boyfriends screens safe from harm! No hard to apply, but pretty easy not to center it exactly. My OCD still drives me crazy about that, but whith the phones curved edges, that's not really the screen protector's fault. Over all, great product and great value!
 These have saved me from multiple screen replacements. We forget that it's there, then are upset when we think the screen is cracked. Turns out it's just this cover, we take it off, put a new one on, and we're good to go.
 The product arrived two days after it was ordered. It was easy to apply and I'm happy with the results of the screen on my new phone. I've only had it for a short time, so I feel I can't reply to its' durability.
 This iOS protection screen by far is the most durable one out there! In the past, I’ve tried other brands and I would have to use 2 screen protectors because they were so damn thin. This time around, I only needed to use 1 from the 2 pack. So just want to say thank you for providing a durable, bubble free, perfect size product!
 Hands down the easiest screen protector to install. The included plastic tabs on the screen protector made it wicked easy to install. The feeling of the screen protector is very similar to the iPhone 7 glass and the quality seems very solid. Highly recommend it!
 I dropped my phone the day after I installed this screen protector. As you can see in the photo, the protector cracked but my screen didn't!<br/><br/>Now, you could see this as a poor product because the screen protector cracked, which means I'll have to buy this pretty often. But I'd rather it crack than my phone's screen! I'm not usually clumsy but it does worry me that I'll (possibly) have to continuously purchase this every time I drop my phone, which could be looked at as a con. This is why I rated it 4 out of 5 stars.<br/><br/>Overall, I'm pretty satisfied and will repurchase.
 This is not the first time I've purchased these......I get them to protect my Granddaughters iPhone as she's pretty hard on them so this is the perfect solution.......she's dropped it several times, knocked it against desks at school, etc.......so this screen protector takes the punishment then we just put a new one on.....
 Excellent product. Might have to use a credit card to push out some bubbles because the thing it comes with isn't very strong. Nontheless I am extremely satisfied. Can't believe I was paying 50.00 a shot every time when I could have been oerderig these. And you get two!
 I really like it. This is the only one at this price that works! Highly recommend it.<br/>Read instructions - especially the part how you apply the screen in the very end.
 Not hard to apply the screen protector and having this extra added level of security is a good thing.
 Very upset with this product. Because the screen protector does not cover the entire phone, my phone screen shattered above the front camera where the screen protector does not cover and cracked completely under the glass protector. The tempered glass did nothing to protect my actual screen. Additionally, TechMatte's warranty only refunds you the $7.00 for the glass protector, not your actual screen when it breaks. Amazon, is always great help with orders and refunds, but TechMatte has no customer service phone number only an email.
 I purchased these screen protectors for my husband and I's iPhone 7s. They were very easy to apply and the directions are very simple to follow for a bubble-free application. The protector is thick which is just what we need to provide the best protection for our screens -- specially my husband! Haha he's notorious for cracking his screen. I'll be purchasing again, that's for sure. Thanks so much!
 I was impressed, not only with this screen, but with the seller's attention to details. The screen seems good quality, installed easily with no bubbles, and is in good condition. In the box, I had everything I needed for installation. But one small thing impressed me most of all and took me by surprise - they sent an email with a  video of how to do the installation at the same time the screen was delivered. Not when the screen was purchased, but when I would need the video. I've never had a company get it right in such a thoughtful way, and it spoke volumes to me about the company.
 Very easy to put on. Comes with detailed instructions and sticks very well. For comparison, unlike an Otterbox screen protector, you cannot tell this tempered glass protector is on at all when looking at the phone. So far it has not scuffed or dulled at all. I'm very happy with this product!!! And wow especially for the price!!!!!
 This product literally saved me from having to replace another screen on my phone. While out hiking I was taking pictures with my phone. Somehow I lost my grip and my phone fell screen first onto huge rocks below. When I picked up my phone the screen looked like it had shattered. Luckily, upon further inspection the screen protector did its job and only the screen protector had shattered my phone screen was intact and unscratched.
 easy to apply, looks good. good protection. recommended item.<br/><br/>Update: It saved my phone that was run over.
 Awesome customer service, like superb response time &amp; a rock solid warranty! These take following instructions to a Tee or you results will vary on the negative side. My issue was a adhesive problem. They fit great for my i6s.
 I am delighted with the screen protector made of ultra-clear tempered glass. It was so easy to add tp my iphone ,and unlike my previous, more expensive, screen protector there are no annoying bubbles. What is more amazing is that there are two<br/>protectors and an instruction manual in the hard case package. The price is unbelievable. I am eager to see what other products are available at TECHmatte.  I am a real customer so you can be assured that you will not be disappointed.
 I just bought these as a backup to my current screen protector, i'm on my second one from the previous one so I'll update this as soon as i've had a chance to use it
 I have used this iPhone glass shield for all of my family phones.  It is easy to install and protects your real iPhone screen from damage due to accidental drops. This is a must for smart phone screens to protect your expensive phones.
 This screen protector held up well through many drops for over a year and a half. A drop in the parking lot this week finally did it in. However, the company stood behind its lifetime warranty and shipped another one—no questions asked!
 I've gone through many of these, i've cracked like 4 in the past. they fit my iPhone 7 perfectly, and it had an easy and clean installation process.the material quality is mediocre but is worth the price. i recommend this product.
 My phone broke with the screen protector on after dropping it from only 2ft above the floor. I did have an Otterbox on so I don’t whether to really blame this screen.<br/>The worst part, however, when I went to take off the screen protector it also pulled at my IPhone screen and left black spots in the led screen.
 Let me start off by saying this product is amazing. I have only had this for a few days now but it sure looks and feels great on my phone. I got this for my iphone 6s. Easy installation.
 I got a brand new iPhone three days ago and I dropped it today.  Technically, it’s slid, but the fact is it fell on the floor with a resounding crash.  The screen protector cracked; the screen did not. I will be ordering another set of the years to have as back up – just in case.
 One of the best protective films I've seen in a very long time. The screen super crisp! Not only that but for the price, this is a bargain. 2 films for $7 bucks. No brainier. I will have to wait to include a long term review, but my initial impressions are great.
 I bought one of these from Verizon for $20 when I bought my phone and they did a terrible job when they put it on the screen, I was very unhappy. I found this pack of two on Amazon for $8, put it on myself, and I am 1000 times happier with it. Can't beat the price, it just as easy to apply as any other screen protector, comes with cleaning wipes, and I feel like it's ever so slightly wider than the one I got at Verizon. The Verizon one left a big gap on the right side of the screen, but it wasn't applied too far to the left. This one I was able to perfectly line up on both sides of the screen with no gap. I recomend turning on the screen while you apply it.
 Great value for the price. The film is thick, yet the touch screen works the same, as if it didn't have a film on it. The package comes with cleaning wipes, drying wipes, 2 films, and a tab to press on the film and eliminate any air bubbles. Very happy with the product!
 I bought this screen protector a couple of weeks ago. It got good reviews so I thought I’d try this brand. I just dropped my phone and it looked the the protector had a bunch of  cracks, but when I peeled it off it was my Phone that was totally shattered and the protector had a tiny crack.  I’m so disappointed that this screen protector it didn’t protect and now my iPhone is completely wrecked.
 This product was easy to install. The fit was perfect and will hopefully protect my screed from breaking/cracking.<br/>The oinline instructions and video were exactly what I needed.
 Got to me fast. Broke a little near the hole when I got it somehow but was fine after that and has lasted me a year or more.
 My phone has been dropped many times (I have young kids and I am a clutz) and the phone or screen never shattered. I finally dropped my phone in a parking lot and it landed on a corner of the phone. It dinged up my case and shattered the screen protector. I was worried my phone was shattered too, but after removing the screen protector, my phone screen was 100% ok! Phew!
 The product is tooo small for the 6 7 and the 8 plus.  They don’t cover the screen at all. To narrow and too short
 This protects my screen 100%. I switch it out every 6 months or so once it starts to crack a little bit (from me dropping my phone). I just peel it off and my actual phone is as good as new. I wouldn't ever go without it!
 this was far too small for the iphone 8 I understand that it cant go over the curve but it doesn’t even cover the lighted portion on the phone it makes a seam that rainbows when its lit, I’m sad I was hoping I didn’t have to buy other tempered proctectors:(
 This thing works! I left my brand new phone on top of my car and drove away. Hours later it was returned to me after it was found lying in a busy street. The screen protector was shattered but there was not one scratch on my phone. I immediately ordered more. Best $7.99 I ever spent.
 The first time I purchased the product it did not come with secondary holder (the other side of the protector), which makes me very confused with the instruction. Therefore, the protectors did not really work and I had to immediately order another delivery for the same thing. The second delivery has the secondary surface/holder so it works fine. Don't really know why I did not get the secondary holder the first time.
 I really was not expecting much from this glass protector.  Though, after reading many of the positive reviews, I decided to pick one up.  Man, I am glad I did.  This glass protector not only was easy to apply, but added no bulk to my phone what so ever.  HIGHLY recommend this to any iPhone user.  You rather be safe than sorry when it comes to your screen.
 Simple and effective.  Nice clear quality.  One of the better screen protectors I have purchased.  It is slightly smaller than screen to accommodate the curved edges of iPhones.  Works great.
 This comes with enough cleaning tools to apply both screen protectors. I like the design on this glass better than my old one. I ended up getting dust (I think it is dust) on my screen during application, but it is something that I can live with. The air bubbles came out by the next day.
 These came well packaged and were quick and easy to apply.  I loved the available video instruction.  My first i-phone, and I like the added safety this screen provides.  Nice and clear, too!
 Replaced my cracked screen protector with this kit, works great,  Very easy to install and very clear.
 Used each of the 2 packs for my son's iphone 6 and my wife's iphone 7. All fits perfectly. Good touch feeling and good protection.. Thanks!
 already have a scratch on it, and I've only had it on for a week! expected more for the durability<br/><br/>good feel though.
 Thin but strong and does not interfere with the tough screen. After two years I replace the protector and it was like new again. This is a must have.
 I’ve bought many screen protectors, and this is by far my least favorite. Hardest to install (and I’ve gotten pretty good at it) and the adhesive is sub-par.
 Not entirely happy with this purchase. It will serve his purpose however even with following all directions to a T, the edges of the screen protector never stuck. The top corners in particular are really bad, and I don’t foresee this glass protector staying on long term.
 This is my 3rd or 4th box (pair) that I've bought. Think of how many screen repairs I've avoided! This glass is designed to crack so your screen doesn't. Still works when cracked.
 I never leave reviews, but my phone was just run over BY A CAR and this screen completely saved my iPhone 8's screen. Of course this screen was ruined in the process, but the screen to my phone is perfect (with the exception of my front camera and home button, as those are left uncovered). I had this protector on my phone and the otterbox commuter series case. I will use that combination for years to come. It literally withstood being run over by a car.
 I am very happy with this screen protector! The only issue I have is that it doesn't completely cover my iPhone 6 face.
 These screens are great.  They were a little tricky to put on without reading the instructions first.  After reading them they were easy. No air bubbles and really clear. Definitely would buy again!
 The product comes with everything you need to put on the protector, but it’s really tough to get it in the center.  I wish the protector would cover all the screen but it doesn’t , I had an incident in the past were I dropped my phone and the edges got cracked.
 Just what I needed. Nicely made screen protector &amp;  a great price. Came in a 2 pack. Has protected my screen drop after drop.
 The glass fits perfectly on the iPhone 7 and has simple instructions to apply and ensure there are no bubbles from dust or other particles. It is a bit more difficult to line up completely but there are tabs on either end to ensure no finger prints contaminate the tempered glass when applying to phone.
 Used 2-pack for two different phones.  First one I had the protective layer 'drop' from the grip tabs before it reached the screen - so it needed to be repositioned, resulting in slight (very slight) issues on the edge which may be an issue over time.  That said, it's glass, not a film - so hoping peeling will not be an issue despite this.  Most likely issue will be dust/fluff collecting under that edge.  I was much more careful to not allow it time to drop on the second screen - so it went on perfectly.<br/><br/>Update:  No issues with the repositioned protector.  More important, the other protector did it's job when the IP7 did a face-plant from about 3 feet straight onto a rock - it broke, screen just fine!  Changed review to 5 star as this is a small price to pay for excellent protection!<br/><br/>Update 2: Another rock, another protector - but no damage to the phone.  I keep buying these, claiming on their warranty just wouldn't be fair - these have saved me hundreds in phone repairs or replacements.
 I really recommend it. To this time I always buy the foil thin one and Once my daughter drop the phone and the glass brake. From the time I buy this I had drop my phone few times and nothing happened except the screen protector was broken but the phone was ok.
 I have purchased these protectors several times for my teenagers iPhone 7 and I can’t even imagine how many screens they’ve saved! Easy to apply and tough as nails...great product!
 This is the first time I installed the screen protector and it was super easy to do as long as you follow the instructions. There are no bubbles and it adheres to the screen. The quality is excellent and the price is great and way cheaper than the phone store charges.
 Received in time. Had used it for few days only and I think it will hold off good. The application of the protector on the screen was easy, would like it better if it were just a tad larger to cover the entire screen and glass area on the I6. As it is now it leaves a tiny edge uncovered on both sides. Over all happy with it for now.
 This screen protector is very easy to apply. I was able to apply it two times on two separate occasions without any bubbles forming for the first few days. However, exposure to any sort of moisture, whether it be from your phone going in and out of your pocket while you are out of the house, seems to cause bubbles to form. When this occurs along the edges, the screen protector will no longer be as perfect as it once was. Overall, the feel is excellent but I would not purchase it again.
 Really liked how easy it was to put on my iphone-  looks really clear and doesnt seem to show fingerprints as much
 Super easy to put thescreen protector on my phone. Instructions were easy to follow. Easy as pie!
 It is a great product, but regardless of the effort to have no bubbles, it has a few bubbles. I am still VERY satisfied with this product. Shipping was on target. It does fit a wee bit smaller than the screen of the iPhone 6s, which may be a good thing (I don't know yet!).  Overall, I would give this a great review.
 It went on very easily and fit well on my new iPhone. I have had it only one week so don’t know yet how well it holds up. It is thin and does not go above the protective rim on my phone case. So far I am pleased with it.
 These are the best screen protectors on the market and at an exceptional price. I’ve been buying them for a couple of years and they are the only ones I will buy. The company has even reached out to me and is great to work with if you have any problems, which I never have! Don’t waste your money on more expensive screen protectors! These are the best.
 Glass slightly large for iPhone 6, but the real problem was bubbles under glass during installation.  Was unable to migrate the bubbles from under the glass - TWICE.  Removed and sending back.  Went back to my standard PET screen protectors.
 Material wise it was a really good phone screen it Was just difficult to put on. At first I thought it was just me but I had my brother try the second one. It’s not horrible just not perfect but it was a great price so I’m not mad about it.
 I'm OBSESSED with these. I always keep at least one at my apt. I am notorious for dropping my phone, and my screen has never cracked with one of these on it. They're really durable too. They survive a few falls themselves before taking the impact off the screen and cracking so my phone doesn't.
 These screen covers are great! This is my second time ordering them and they really protect my iPhone screen. I ordered again because I had dropped my phone so many times the screen cover was covered in cracks. Definitely saved my phone screen many times over!
 The screen is crisp and clear with absolutely no bubbling or issues. I don't see how anyone could mess this up so if you are considering them just make the purchase. I prefer it over the screen protector I originally had put on at TMobile.
 I always repurchase these screen protectors for our iPhone 7 ‘s in the household. They last and do their job. My wife manages to crack them from time to time, but the screen is protected.
 I have the iphone 8that i hate but it’s my work phone this it’s a great product but it’s hard to do a perfect install and I did almost perfect but a small part on the right never got stickt to the screen, i read it’s because a small curvature on the screen, is 2018 come with a solution for it! i still recommend it for the quality and price
 Excellent product! Packaging and all included supplies are very nice. Good quality of tempered glass.Even better is the warranty that comes along with it!
 These protectors are pretty good.  I MUCH prefer these over the older film-type protectors.  I've had mine on for about a week and it's doing everything that it's supposed to do.  These are super easy to apply as well, unlike the film type.  They are thicker, but I actually like that.<br/><br/>The only issue (which may prove to be an issue over time - I'll have to see) is that due to the iPhone's curved front glass, the protector does not adhere completely around all of the edges.  It is explained in the description that the cover is smaller due to the iPhone's design, but in my opinion the protector needs to be just a bit smaller.  It's better to cover less glass and have the entire protector adhere completely, than it is to have it adhere, but not quite.  The unadhered portion will likely collect dirt, dust, and debris over time, leading to scratches on the main glass.  This is only my theory though.  I could be completely wrong about that.  But, one should keep that in mind as a possibility.
 works really well. i cracked my screen once and then bought these and havent even cracked the first one (came in a pack of 2) and its been probably 1-2 years. the width is a tiny bit narrower than it seems it should be though
 We brought new instruments. I had saved that box to remember the product name. I gave myself a few points for having the foresight to do that. This is just an outstanding product. If your thinking about it. BUY IT
 Awesome screen protector! Also came with wet wipes, dry wipes, dust removal sticker, and cloth to wipe screen. It was great that those other cleaning tools were provided. Looks like a new phone after I put the screen on
 Great product for the price. Looks and feels nicer than the iphone glass. Seems to prevent finger prints too. Follow the instructions and it will work great. I especially like the tip about putting it on in a steamy bathroom to avoid dust speaks!
 It works great and seems to protect well. My only complaint is I wish it covered the whole face of the phone. Seems to only cover the picture mainly. This is common in any brand though.
 Really nice screen glass. Clearest I think I've ever used. I have dropped it once and I think it saved my screen. It cracked but the screen didn't.<br/>They send you 2 so I really like this product and company. Good price also.
 I went through both the glass screen protectors in about a year. They seem to crack easier than the screen protector brand I ordered in the past (where I never even had to use the second screen protector). I went back and ordered that other brand because I was so disappointed in this one. That being said, even when the glass cracked, my phone screen was fine. So I guess that's okay... still wouldn't buy again.
 I put one screen on my iPhone and the other on my girlfriends iPhone. The one on hers which is photographed, had an awful time adhering to the phone and left a lot of air bubbles. My iPhone is white so I can’t tell if there are the same problems on mine or not but hers is tragic. Good quality screen and very clear but awful adhesion to the phone.
 Can’t go wrong for the price...cracked several of these and once I took the screen protector off no damage to my phone.
 All I can say is wow!! This screen is great and I used to have the expensive Zagg tempered glass screen protector.  The Zagg broke in a week and my phone screen ended up shattering shortly after...  This was 1. easier to put on 2. stayed on better than the Zagg and 3. hasn't broken yet so it's already outlived the Zagg.  I bought this with my own money and I would do it again in a heartbeat.  I've made the rest of my family buy them and they love them too!  Don't waste your money for the name brand because it wasn't worth it.  100% recommend for those looking to actually protect their phone screen.
 Not hard to put on if you follow directions. Seems good. Had a bit of trouble with bubbles but I was able to fix it so no complaints here. Not sure how this will hold up long term but seems like a good quality screen protector.
 Replaced the plastic screen cover that got damaged on my Defender otter box phone cover. Like this much better!  Touch screen responds better!
 This screen protector is easy to use and comes with a few different cleaning applications to wipe down the phone before it is applied.  Still have a couple of small air pockets that I can't get rid of no matter how much I try to smooth them out with the applicator.
 I like that the day the package was going to be delivered, I received an email with a video to watch for how to properly first clean the phone and then correctly apply the film.  The quality is great.  I have already dropped my phone face down and it was okay. Only had it on for over a week now.  I appreciate that the packet has 2 protector screens.  Thank you!
 This kit is great! It comes with two sets of wet and dry wipes along with the two screen protectors. I had no issues applying these to my phones. So easy, just follow the directions.
 this is great for any 5" Display i phone. Many of the tempered glasses sold claim that their brand can fit i phone 6, 6s &amp; 7 but in reality the screen curve has changed after 2016, even i phone 6 that you buy after 2016 have larger curve than 2015 model. this screen protector covers less of your screen but you wont see bubble forming around the screen, of course if you have pre 2016 i phone this is not the best choice because of less protection area. I bought my I phone 6 in 2015 and it broke in an accident after replacing the phone in 2016 same tempered glass that i used before didn't fit the new phone. I bought every major brand on amazon and it did not work. I even went to apple to change the phone which they refused. this brand solved the issue. i don't have a photo of my failed tempered glass but i put a sample of same problem to give you an idea. Also you can see in the photo that this glass is very clear and fingerprint resistant. fingerprint thing is not 100% but its very good.
 Purchased this for my son when he received a new iPhone 7 for Christmas.  The screen went on very easily and covers his phone screen well.  It was an excellent price, especially since you receive 2 screens per package.  Very pleased with my purchase.
 I used this screen protector for an iPhone 8 and there were two streaks of bubbles on the right side from the top of the screen to the bottom. I thought the screen wasn't properly cleaned, so i threw away my first screen protector, cleaned the screen again, and used the second one, but two streaks of bubbles appeared again in the exact same place! This case did not work well for the iPhone 8.
 My original screen protector was lifting at one corner so I replaced it with the amFilm Tempered Glass Protector.  I was surprised to see such an improvement in clarity.  The iPhone looks new.
 Is exactly as expected fits my iPhone 7 Plus great had no problem installing.  I followed instructions went on fast and easy
 During the installation, one of the sheets fell off easily causing a bubble that was hard to push out. The vendor was really prompt with sending a replacement.
 The material and quality of the screen protector are good. But it is advertised to fit the iPhone 8 which it does...somewhat. I dislike this protector because it does not cover the screen all the way to the edges. There is a gap all around the protector where screen is exposed. Air bubbles easily get in under the protector.
 Product came in two days, free shipping (not using prime) which was impressive. Great packaging and easy to follow instructions. Included everything you needed to get a good outcome. Had it on for about two weeks now and it’s working great. Love that I have an extra too when needed. Great quality and quantity for the money.
 The product has worked great so far. I was nervous to apply myself because I know how sensitive dust particles can be. The instructions are useful and the provided applications to clean the phone made it effortless. Some people mention the glass cover being smaller than the phone surface but it fits on there great, it accounts for the rounded edges and allows for a good overall protection. And you can't go wrong with a 2-pack of these things!
 It’d be better to have a more durable card for application.<br/><br/>This screen protector itself has always been one of my favorites to use. It lasts awhile and the only part that broke when my phone dropped, was the screen protector. Phone was completely fine.
 Love this protector. It clearly says it's not made to fit entirely on the screen (6s) so that it does not bubble and start to peel off with wear and tear. I'm fine with it. I paired it with a tough armor case for the back and this on the front and it's great. Haven't dropped it yet but I'm pretty confident it'll be ok.
 Have had this on my iPhone for over a year and just recently cracked. Totally recommend!
 Application was easy. Dropped my phone after applying the protector on tile floor and I was thankful I had the protector as I could see all the cracks on the protector and not on my phone!! The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I wish it was a little wider and covered more of the phone.
 Doesn't go all the way to the edge of the phone, but I think that is by design. It was fairly easy to put on, and went back on smoothly when I had to raise part of of up to get air bubbles out. It looks good, cleans easily and protects me screen, so I like it. Also came with two, so I have a replacement when this one gets scratched!
 Follow the simple instructions, and this protector goes on simply with no bubbles.  My wife recently dropped her phone and it landed flat on the glass side...she picked it up to see a crack across the front...she was pretty bummed out.  Showed me the phone when she got home, and I slowly peeled off this protective cover, and viola, the crack was only on the protective cover.  Her actual phone was not damaged at all.
 If you get it less than perfectly centered, the beveled edge will make it look like there is a multicolored line  on your screen.  ;-)
 Packaged nicely and easy to apply. Only been using a few weeks, but fit on iPhone 6s just fine and looks good so far. Having used a protective screen before, I knew how to apply it. However, instructions in the package minimal.
 Good product for the money, not quite Zagg quality but definitely worth the money. Hopefully the screen will fully adhere tomorrow or the next day, the edges are slightly raised.
 Best tempered glass thats out there!  Dont be fooled by high prices of in store protectors.  I have dropped mine over 100 times.  Lol!  Only broke the glass and only a few time... when it would have been my screen.  And who doesnt go about their day with a lil crack here or there.  I do, but not on my phone,...  it can happen eventually on the tempered glass.  However, this is the best,,, they all crack.
 Wow! All I ever used was the cheap plastic cover. Did a great job protecting the screen but didn't look all that great. I put this on my new iPhone6s and OMG its crystal clear and not bubbles or specks.  It comes with two so if one breaks, I don't have to order another.  Plus it comes with cleaning wipes. Will NEVER go back to plastic.
 Nice quality, easy to apply, great warranty! Comes with 2 screen protectors, great value!
 The whole point of the screen protector was to protect the screen...this did not.  Dropped my phone and the screen cracked right on the corner where the screen protector does not go to the edge. A year later the phone is acting up and the warranty co. won't cover it because of the crack (physical damage).  So I'm out $650.
 I’ve purchased these twice and about to place another order, not sure if that’s a good thing. I drop my phone so much they keep cracking but my phone screen doesn’t. Definitely worth it for me. They go on easy &amp; for the most part you don’t get bubbles, but if you do the whole screen is ruined and you have to use a new one.
 This product has excellent customer service! It is straightforward to use, but if you are not extremely careful, some dust may be caught between the screen protector and the phone. They replaced mine within a week.
 Great product with a super easy warranty claim! I installed a screen protector onto my iPhone 8 and some dust had miraculously gotten onto my phone right before I put the protector on. However, amFilm was able to send me 2 free screen protectors for my mistake. The protector itself is also great and is able to withstand many drops
 The product contains two screen protectors in the package, which makes it of good value. It is so clear like there's no glass on the screen. This is the second time I buy this product. Will buy it again if needed.
 Great product. Came quickly and intact. Easy instructions and easy to apply. It does not go to the edge of the phone but their reasoning for that is admissible for me. Can still use my finger print ID on the home button. Will add later review if any issues
 I replaced my formerly cracked glass screen cover with one of these. The instructions are very clear, it has almost everything you need. The only complaint is they send a cardboard “squeegee” that doesn’t work very well. Had to use something more firm to push the last bubbles out from under the screen cover.
 This is worth the protection and works well with force-touch and all the tapping. However, scrolling isn't always as quick as the iPhone's own screen which provides a bit more friction, because this glass protector is so slick. Definitely recommended.
 Its really refreshing to come across a product like this thats so good and costs so little. I was smart enough to pass on the $35 screen protector that Verizon wanted to sell me with the phone and glad I did.  This product was cheap, you get two of them, it looks just like the glass that it covers, and it applies perfectly.  In addition, and the reason I'm writing this, is that I dropped my iPad on the face of my phone yesterday.  The result was a small chip with a few small cracks.  I assumed those were on the glass  D the phone and it could have been worse.  But I peeled off the screen protector and the phone was perfect.  The screen protector completely absorbed the impact.  Awesome product.
 I purchased a glass protector with my original iphone, and when it fell face first onto a tile floor, the protector was cracked but the screen was fine.  Directions for this product were fantastic, and it went on without a hitch.
 Good quality. Followed instructions when placing the screen however did not seem to stick well all around the outside edge
 The glass seems to be great. Just put it on do not sure of durability The kit doesn't have a good instructions. Says that 6 "dust removers" are included which are actually stickers to creat a hinge for proper placement. Luckily I've used a different brand. Also, the tool to scrape out any bubbles is a piece of flimsy cardboard.
 This product is great although my husband ruined the 1st one and we were glad they came two in a pack. The second one is on perfectly.
 I generally have to change them more often for people because they don't stay on as well but for the price it still is worth it.  I order for spares at work.
 These are the first screen protectors that went on nice and smooth. I have 3-4 small pieces of lint trapped underneath but it's only noticeable in the right lighting. Will definitely order again. Quick shipping. Smooth transaction all the way around. Thank you!
 The screen protector was delivered on time. The quality is great. Touch sensitivity works just fine and the surface area is slick and smooth for finger gliding.<br/><br/>I can't speak for how well it will actually protect the phone screen if it should be cracked but it appears to be nice and sturdy.<br/><br/>Bonus: it masked some fine surface scratches I have on my phone screen, with the protector applied, I no longer notice them.
 I think the product works very well, with the exception of how you separate the tabs at the top &amp; bottom for mic &amp; receiver from the rest of the sheet. Doing so made a crack that I had to trim off for it to remain flush. As I said, otherwise it's great, but I wouldn't mind trying to reapply another. The 2nd of the 2 pack wS for my spouse's phone. 😕
 Great quality and cover the phone well. Used these for my iPhone 7 bought it in September and it is now June and still in great shape!
 I have replaced several iPhone screens at $125 each and there's an undeniable feeling of dread whenever that phone is dropped on a hard surface. Last week, mine fell off a shelf in the garage. I was heartbroken to see it was totally shattered. Hours later, I pulled back the screen to see ALL THE DAMAGE WAS ONLY ON THE PROTECTIVE SCREEN! The iPhone screen was in perfect condition! Needless to say I invested in a new protective screen at a fraction of the cost and tell everyone my story!
 It's a good protector. It doesn't peel off which is a must for me. Although, my phone fell and the protector cracked across the middle. While it was unfortunate, I didn't mind it much because I could still use my phone fine and it didn't distort the screen.
 Best product and customer support. They'll send you a video how to do proper install. They'll follow up with you to see if screen protector is holding up. And they will assist you if you have any issues. Solid screen and obviously company. Will recommend to friends and family.
 This is the first tempered glass screen protector I've used. The ease of application is amazingly simple and very strait forward. The end results are far more superior than other screen protectors I used in the past. would recommend to anyone!
 I only wish it were a little larger so it aligned better with the phone. I know it doesn't go all the way due to rounded edges but it seems it could go further. Otherwise amazing protects my phone from cracks doesn't crack easily itself and feels nice on the touch.
 Found this product on a "Top 10" website as #1.  I was weary because it seemed cheap and too good to be true, but this is exactly as advertised.  It came in quality packaging with extra installation accessories and when finished, looked and felt as good as my cracked "professional" $60 protector from the cell phone store.<br/><br/>Now I just hope it is actually scratch resistant and doesn't delaminate.
 We’ve used these on a couple iPhone 8s and they have been fantastic. We’ve had one crack and need to be replaced, but the phone was unharmed- which is the goal. Great product.
 The glass itself is durable. I've had it for a few months now, and still no scratch. I don't like the fact that the edges do not cover all of the phone or stick securely without air pockets at the edge but surprisingly it does not attract lint. Very clear and does not affect visibility/resolution at all.
 Love that fact of having this on my screen when I dropped my phone broke the screen protector but not a scratch on my iphone screen from 2nd story down to the rocks below.
 This screen protector works great! It brought everything you need to apply the screen protector &amp; if you happen to place it wrong you can peel it off and place it again right after! It doesnt touch the edges of the phone which is great because some cases tend to make the screen protector peel and get lifted but that wont happen since it doesn't reach the edges. It also bring 2 glass protectors so thats awesome! when one gets old and messes up then just put the other one! The price is also amazing for this! Its worth your money!! And u get a warenty for about 12 weeks so thats great too! Its an awesome screen protector
 This screen protector is of top quality and is easy to install.  Directions are easy to follow and there is also an instructional video available that clarify the written instructions in the event of any confusion.  Great product and is very durable.  This is my second one after the first one performed flawlessly for 2 years.  When I got my new phone recently, the first thing I did was order my new screen protector.
 Great at protecting your phone screen. But please be aware this product does not have a glare reduction that other protectors might, and the surface smudges very easily so there will still be fingerprint marks all over it. These are the only cons about the screen protector in my experience.
 It was so easy and looks great! No bubbles at all.  I put off applying this screen protector because I was really nervous that I would mess it up.  I used the rubber band method (youtube) and it went down without a problem.  It took less than a minute.  I used the edger to push any air out and don't have any bubbles.
 The instructions are confusing and unclear. I used and liked a lot the films for iPhone and iPad Pro 12inch. Those instructions were quite clear. So this time I went ahead and confidently opened the package to get the film on my iPad, but then soon confused about the instruction on pealing protective film 1. I was not sure whether this is the adheresice side or not, and ended up with quite some debris attached to the film and can not be removed. I trully hope this will be improved just like the ones for iPhone.
 This is the second one I purchased, for a different phone type. Looks great. My last review on this product was actually the first review I ever did on Amazon, and I did not realize there were different categories to check (material, picture, durability) - it is 5-stars for all three categories! If you do not have one yet, then get one!
 Only a couple of days after protecting glass was place on my phone there is a big scratch. Phone was not dropped. Not sure how this happened but it goes to and from my pocket or my purse and I have never gotten a scratch before from my purse. Not sure how durable it will be. I could see a crack or scratch had I dropped it, but I didn’t.
 Usually great. Cheap and effective. I've gone through a pack of them and they work well. The edges of the screen protector tend to give after a while though. In the most recent pack I bought, one of the two were broken. Overall, this is an average product.
 Dropped phone face down on the bathroom floor with screen glass on. Flipped over and cracked... was scared to peel off protector to see if screen had cracked as well. Nope! Screen was totally untouched and looked good as new.. this really works for only like what 8$$$??? Put the second one on now(:
 Product was just as described and BETTER! If you can install the product on your own which can be moderately difficult given that any little dust fiber can create a bubble however, if you can install it by your lonesome they PRODUCT IS AMAZING AND WORKS PERFECT!!
 great product, easy to install bubble free
 I was unsure whether this screen protector would apply flawlessly since I had to use my phone before the protector arrived. But the included screen cleaners and clear instructions yielded success. Assuming the durability matches quality of the installation, this will be a product I return to each time I buy a new phone.
 This is an awesome product! I have had my iPhone 7 for one month, protected with an OtterBox Commuter cover and the amFilm screen protector. Today my dog jumped on me and knocked my phone out of my jacket pocket. My phone landed face down on concrete and the screen protector took a hit in the bottom right corner. The protector absorbed the impact, cracked and splintered but the iPhone's screen is unharmed! I'm ordering another set, as my husband is currently using the other protector of the 2-pack on his iPhone 6.
 Just put one on my phone. Very easy to install wth very clear directions and materials. Hoping it last longer than the one from the store! So far so good!
 The best and most affordable screen protector on the market! The added bonus of receiving two screen protectors for the price of one was quite delightful, as well! :-)
 Great screen protection...it has already saved my screen from damage!  Another great product made in the USA.
 Great screen protector.  My daughter dropped the phone and the screen protector cracked - but not the phone screen.  Easily replaced and good to go.
 Product already protected my iPhone from one fall!  Due to the curved sides of the iPhone 7, the cover doesn't reach all the way to either side, which I worry might not protect it from a drop to one of the sides or corners.  However, this is a very sturdy cover and I'm happy with my purchase.
 I've always bought the tempered glass screen protectors from our mobile providers since I found putting them on intimidating.  But then I found that you could buy well-rated ones on Amazon for a fraction of the price.  Just installed one on my daughter's phone after watching the video supplied when I ordered.  Easy as pie and not a speck of a dot to be found.  I also like that I have a spare.
 The edges don’t adhere properly on the iPhone 8. I mean I guess it’s doing its job and they were cheap. Will give an updated review once it’s put to the test
 Excellent quality product!  Used this to cover a cracked iPhone screen (that was not protected) and it held the pieces together quite well.  We eventually had to replace the screen due to the cracks.  We put the second one of these on it right away!
 After a few months the screen started cracking from the hole around speaker opening.  Usually these screens will last until they are dropped.  Also I'm not even sure it glass, it seems plastic.  It does fit the screen, it is somewhat difficult to apply without air bubbles.  I guess you get what you pay for.
 Evidently designed with specific covers in mind. Edges of protectors do not extend far enough to fit under sides of my case. Will try another brand next. The Mr Shield protectors for my wife's Galaxy S4 fit much better and went on smoother with no bubbles but I didn't see them available for iPhone.
 Just purchased this again after the last one kept my phone safe for 2 years. By the end of those 2 years, the protector had a few cracks, but the phone was still in perfect shape.  Thanks for the fantastic product!
 I didn't how hard it would be to replace the protective glass on my I-phone 6s. The amFilm iPhone kit I  ordered had everything I needed.<br/>All went well. I am so happy. Thank-you!
 This is very standard glass as most sellers/manufacturer. It just works and good build quality, good packaging.<br/>Just like most others, is a pixel or two short on both sides (longer edge), ostensibly to avoid the phone screen curve related issue.
 I am very pleased with this screen protector. I am always dropping my phone and have it in a hard case. My phone has endured over 100 drops and the screen protector showed very little fine cracks. I give this product five stars because it protected my phone’s screen well above my expectations.
 worked fine, my screen looks great, super clean, super easy, no bubbles, no cracks, fits just fine. I'm 100% satisfied. (don't listen to the reviews complaining about how it "doesn't fit." Those people clearly didn't read the description: this product was intentionally created with a few millimeters of space on the sides to make up for the fact that the screen curves on the edges.)
 Super easy to apply and looks exactly like your phone screen normally would. I dropped my phone and while the screen protector cracked in multiple places, my phone screen was 100% intact! Amazing!
 This is my second time purchasing this case, I am currently on the second protector of my first pack and just yesterday I dropped it face down on the cement curve and the protector cracked and split instead of my screen. Since this screen shattered I had to purchase a new pack because cosmetic damages to my phone or cases bother me.  I am very satisfied with the product and will continue to buy this in the future when needed.
 I watched the video about how to apply the screen protector, and it was as easy as it looked. Glad to have the peace of mind. Quality product!
 The screen protection is great, so far, without distorting the screen. Easy installation, too.
 The package comes with 2 pieces,(or 3, I forgot), the flim is rather too thick but it is totaly fine. it works fine so far. the package also comes with 2 wipeout for cleaning the screen before aplying the flim on the iphone. And it is well wrapped. love it !
 I've had many different types of glass screen protectors for my iPhone's. I figured with the other good reviews and awesome price I would try this deal/brand out! I will definitely recommend to everyone! It by far was the easiest screen protector to put on! The order comes with two glass screen protectors, two sets of screen cleaners (wet rag, dry rag), a rectangular piece to push out air bubbles, and directions! My favorite part of this order is that the plastic piece over the top has half circle handles for you to hold so you can align everything perfectly! No more slips! I will update my review if I happen to drop my phone! I highly recommend this product!
 Its so hard to right a review when a product simply does what it should do and what it was advised to do. Buttttt, I say the 'good' for this particular product because I have had so many bad experiences with these screen protectors in the past. This one will not let you down and a very easy apply it is!! Get it!!!!!!!
 Went on to iPhone 8 very easily. Gives the screen protection where it should be (does not cover ENTIRE screen). If you use with a case, that should help cover the extra. Protector feels great when using it, and swiping across the screen. Great price and quality!
 Well made product, easy to install.  Less bubbles underneath than plastic screen protectors
 Overall good product, it a an amazing value pack! These screens never crack on me!
 I ordered these after the one on my phone was shattered when the phone slid off the roof of my car into a door being closed. The glass shield was shattered, but it protected my phones screen. For the price these shields are well worth the low price.<br/><br/>Package arrived quickly with no problems.
 I purchased the screen protector for my 17 year old daughters Iphone...So far, she says it has been great and was easy to put on and fits perfectly.<br/>Who better to put a product thru its paces than a socially active 17 year old text - maniac!!<br/><br/>I would suggest this to anyone.<br/>Thanks.
 This is the second time I have purchased these and I plan to buy these for as long as I have an iPhone. I am typically kind of a clumsy person, and I have dropped my phone screen down on concrete before with one of these on. I saw a crack, and was disapointed because I thought it was my screen, but when I peeled off the glass, my screen was totally fine and looked like the day I bought it. A truly great product.
 After a little over a month of use, I've found that it's more scratch and finger print resistant than other screen protectors I've used, which I'm very pleased with. I haven't dropped my phone so I can't comment on how it protects the screen from cracks. I was initially concerned that there were only 2 protectors in a pack when others I've used come with 3, but these do seem more durable and I feel will last longer, so right now it looks like my only concern won't be an issue. I hope that TechMatte makes these for all the phones I buy in the future, so I can continue to use them.
 I went hiking. While looking at the scenery I had been taking photos with my phone and decided I would just hold it while I walked so it would be easily accessible... and then I fell, catching myself with the hand holding my phone and essentially the phone took most of my weight on that hand as I landed. This screen protector is phenomenal. I was sure the screen would at least have a crack but after removing the protection not a scratch. Ive put on the second one and will be ordering more!
 I looked to the reviews when buying this product cause I was clueless. I have an iPhone 7, and the screen protector fit great. Like other reviews, it does not cover to the edges, just the screen and the space above and below.  All this means is there is no room for error when placing it. Instructions were easy to follow. I'm pleased,  and glad I found something that is of equal value and quality but that I didn't have to spend 25 $ on. My only fear is, that it will come up on the edges, hasn't this far. And, that it will collect gunk around the edges.. so far so good.
 This has been my go-to glass screen protector for my iPhone 6 and 7. It’s easy to apply. It comes with cleaning cloth and wet/dry wipes. Instruction for application is easy to read. Durability depends on how you handle your phone, but I usually don’t have to change the protector out for at least 6 months. It’s a great low-price option for a screen protector.
 These screen protectors are good quality and minimize bubbles compared to other screen protectors that I have used prior to this.  Regardless, even good quality screen protectors are subject to break or crack on impact.  I must say that what amazed me even more than the quality of the product is the quality of their customer service.  You can really tell that they want to make sure their customers are 100% satisfied.
 Fits great and my 12 yr old put in on her phone with great ease.<br/>I remember I paid Apple last year $65 for the same protector.
 This screen protector is so easy to apply. The kit comes with everything you need to apply the protector. The screen itself has tabs so you can easily line up the cutouts to the right holes (camera, home button....). The price was great and included 2 screens.
 Only had it installed for a day so can't vouch for durability yet, but otherwise love this product. Simple install with the attached "tabs" and the surface feels smoother than other tempered glass products I've used. Also like how the front facing camera isn't covered.
 Great screen protector!! It we on perfectly. I did not have hardly any bubbles and the ones I did have were so minor and easy to get out. Plus they give you a tool to help with that. Next time I need another screen protector, I'll definitely be ordering from them.
 I have had screen protectors before, but none as good as this. No bubbles ( clean the phone carefully before installing), and it seems to always either stay clean, or a simple swipe on a clean shirt makes it spotless. They must have done something to make it stay really clean. I love it.
 It's a decent product, but definitely more prone to edge bubbles than other brands I've tried (tech armor). By edge bubble I mean suuuuper tiny little bubbles at the very edge of the protector that do not seem to go away no matter what. They mainly just trigger my obsession for detail, but kinda a bummer since the rest of the protector is pretty good. But it's a somewhat big hang up when there's a micro bubble right above the speaker cutout, for instance.
 I think this is an excellent company. They have unusual warranty, which guarantees a free replacement one time. My screen protectors lasted a year, but then they cracked, and the company replaced them, no problems. The phone was fine and my screen is still in perfect condition, so the screen protector did what it was designed to do. I highly recommend this company and its products!
 I tryed so many before and I would drop my phone once and they were already chipped! But I have had this one for a few weeks and have dropped my phone countless of times and the screen protector is still intact! I reccomend 100% I promise this is better than the others and you get 2!!
 Not only protector glass (2 of them) but great cleaning tools as well.  Hinged tab tape make the glass easy to apply.  I can't say for sure it was the glass, but I just dropped my new phone face down on the floor from the table with no damage.
 After my children telling me I should used a glass screen protector for years, I finally decided to purchase one.  This screen protector was super easy to place on the screen and it makes my old iPhone 6 look brand new.
 Exactly as described. Package contains 2. Easy to properly place on phone.
 Best screen protector ever! I replaced the glass on my iPhone 6 for $80 and immediately used this product. Not even a month later I dropped my phone again, shattering the screen. But upon closer inspection it was only the cover! And I was able to remove and replace it right away since the pack comes with two. It’s also the easiest screen cover I’ve ever installed. Double win.
 I like how it came with everything I needed to apply it on correctly and the instructions were incredibly easy to follow! I can't give it 5 stars yet since I haven't had it on for long enough to see how great it works but my screen looks great, it's still easy as easy as it was to use my screen (no lag and not too thick) and the dimensions are perfect for my iPhone 8.
 Wife just got this screen protector for her iPhone 6 and dropped her phone on second day with it on from waist high. No scratches, no lost glass. Hides fingerprints well. Extremely easy to apply.
 If you're not completely spastic (like me), the installation is actually pretty smooth. Functionality of the phone seems completely unaffected. I haven't drop-tested the phone yet, and I'm not going to except as a natural result of my aforementioned lack of coordination, but what I like about the glass protectors is that they don't get scratched and worn like the soft plastic protectors I used to use. Overall, a great purchase.
 It's very thick, easy to put on the phone.  It did crack after my daughter tripped on a curb and facplanted playing Pokemon Go, but you know what...the iPhone screen did not crack so it definitely did it's job.  I was surprised at how thick it was but it did not seem to affect the touchscreen capability.  Recommend.
 This was extremely easy to install on our iPhone 7’s and iPhone 6. They had everything you needed in the package. Very worth the price.
 Hopefully, I won't have to put the screen protectors to the test, but if I happen to drop my phone, I feel confident that this product will protect it. I also really liked how it was all packaged, It's not just two screen protectors, but also two sets of wet and dry wipes, dust stickers, a thing to get bubbles out, and a cleaning cloth.
 I’ve had this product for a couple of weeks now. Came quickly and was pretty easy to put on my phone with the instructions and materials provided (which I was worried about since I’m the past have had air bubbles, etc..) The screen protector definitely is as other reviews and the description says- it covers most of the phone but doesn’t go right up to the curved edge.
 Fits perfectly. Simple easy instructions. Even comes with dust stickers, wet/dry wipes and a small microfiber cloth for cleaning
 Easy to assemble my phone fell and the screen protector shattered but not my phone so I recommend this item and it comes with 2 screen protectors.
 I ordered screen protractors for S7, S8, and iPhone 8 and love everything about this product. Installation is quick and screen protractor looks great on all phones. My S8 protractor broke during installation - probably defective item, however, it was very easy to do warranty claim and receive new one with no hassle.
 Glass Screen Protectors have saved my phones in the past, so when I got the new iPhone 7 this was one of my first purchases. This kit is probably the nicest one I have received. It comes with cleaning wipes, dust removal stickers all of which prepped the screen to look brand new. The glass goes on nicely and it was very easy to get the bubbles out. The squeeze card was a little flimsy, but it is very easy to just use a credit card. They recommend running a hot shower for a few minutes to help eliminate dust and then apply the protector in the bathroom. I didn't end up using this but I thought it was a nice tip.
 The screen feels exactly as a your standard iPhone screen would which is perfect. But after applying the screen protector the corners do not adhere well which leaves small air pockets along the edges which will eventually collect dust and dirt and cause the screen protector to need to be replaced. If to weren't for this issue this would be a perfect screen protector.
 Seems to be doing the job.  Very thin, and no interference with use of icons or keyboard.  I did not have to apply it myself, so cannot speak directly to that, but the rep at my phone store applied it easily.
 This protector fits my iPhone 6s perfectly! I love that it comes with everything to clean the screen before applying the glass protector. I cleaned the screen thoroughly and applied the protector via their instructions, being careful to smooth down the outer edges at the end. One month in, it looks and works great! I would definitely purchase again!
 I have purchased other screen protectors in the past and found it difficult to install them.  These come with tabs on each end to hold onto without touching the screen protector.  Much, much easier to align to your phone and install!  I marked 5 starts for durability, but just installed them, so will have to assess over the next few months.
 Easiest screen protection yet to install. Their tip is to do in the bathroom after you have run hot water to build up moisture to keep the dust down.  That’s what I did.  No dust and easy piesy application
 Good screen protector but tricky to install perfectly. Good thing they give you two in the package.
 I'm not really sure how the service providers convinced me to spend $25+ on these things in the past - this is just as much the real deal!
 I always avoided buying screen protectors because they always came out bubbly. Not this one. It went on perfectly with my first try. They engineered it with the simplest way possible to install it. The touch sensitivity is just the same as it was and the 3D Touch still works fine. I'm glad I made this purchase.
 This is the second time we bought this!! My girlfriend had this protector and a week ago, I accidentally dropped her phone on my bike breaks. Thanks god to this protector, the protector broke but her phone was completely okay! I recommend to anyone who is not careful with their phone as this really works as a screen protector!!
 I typed this message with my phone and yeah it has the sheald on it. Unlike me every time I sit in a hot tube there are no air bubbles.<br/>Putting on the screen felt like I was proforming open heat surgery! So maybe play some opperation befor trying it.<br/>I put an extra screen on my room window, that's probably a good use for it cuss if you break the one on your phone is toast cuss the stuff is as strong as Mighty puddy witch is what  Billy Mays was made of.
 Works great! Any bubbles that were there when I first put the screen on went away within 24 hours. I have had this on for at least 6 months now and it's still going strong!
 better application design than a standard protector. i appreciate the 'wings' on the second cover, after you remove the first cover before you apply. helps with the positioning for those ocd of making sure everything matches. i was going to give it 4 stars, because the cover is so thick that it makes pressing the home button feel odd. if they provided a little circle sticker, it would nullify the fingerprint ability. so cant really fault them.
 Great screen cover! It has protected both my phone and my wife’s phone through many accidental drops. I’ve had the same cover on since November.
 So far so good. Super easy application and awesome for the price. *If anything negative happens I will update*
 I've been using the same screen protector for over three months and it is holding up well. Placing it on the phone can be a little tricky and mine is on a little crooked with a loose corner, but it protects the screen well. There are no visible scratches even though I carry it in my pocket all day and while it does smudge easily, it is easy to clean.
 This is an awesome product for an awesome price! I’ve had several iPhones, and I love the glass screen protectors, and this one is a quality one.
 I have an iPhone 7 , I work somewhere with concrete Floors- this cover paired with the slimmer otter box (forget name has soft and hard shell but is slim) has saved my phone- I dropped it numerous times eventually face down , entire protective cover shattered/ when I peeled it off original screen untouched - bought another pack<br/>-thanks for a great product , and email reminder to rate you- otherwise wouldn't have
 Crystal clear, heavy duty, easy to install. Read and follow easy instructions and you won’t have issues. Like having a new phone!
 Shortly after receiving my package, I received an email from the amFilm customer support team. It included a few links to installing and a prompt to message them should any issue arise. I mentioned I had already installed the screen protector and was loving it but I didn't quite get the alignment right. I sent pictures of the installation and they offered to send me a replacement screen protector so I can try again.<br/><br/>All in all, it's an amazing screen protector that does the job, its silky smooth and way better than any plastic screen protector. I got bubble free installation; it's super easy to get if you follow all the instructions included.
 This is the best screen protector I have used, and I have used many. Ease of installation is what makes this one so good. The top film has handles on it so the protector can be placed perfectly on the phone before you actually apply any pressure to set it in place. Great idea!
 This is my second techmatte glass screen protector. My first one cracked when my phone fell on my tile floor. It looked like it was my phone’s screen, but when I removed the screen protector my phone was like new. My husband had a similar experience. We love these screen protectors. They are so clear and durable. Highly recommend.
 The protector cracked two hours after putting it on before I couldn't even register the warranty before it cracked, it cracked again the next day when I put it face up on my bed.
 Hasn’t failed me yet. Easy step by step install instructions. No bubbles. And no cracked screen when phone is dropped!
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/iPhone-7-6S-6-Screen-Protector-Glass-amFilm-iPhone-7-Tempered-Glass-Screen-Protector-for-Apple-iPhone-7-iPhone-6S-iPhone-6-2016-2015-2-Pack/dp/B01415QHYW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iPhone 7 6S 6 Screen Protector Glass, amFilm iPhone 7 Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 6S, iPhone 6 2016, 2015 (2-Pack)</a><br/>The TechMatte Screen Protector is an excellent product.  Despite my failure to read instructions and installing opposite of the prescribed manner, it still fit the iphone perfectly.  I installed it a week before the phone case arrived and it has remained in place.<br/><br/>It provides ample protection, yet does not impede touch screen sensitivity as other plastic covers that come with phone cases.
 This screen protector is awesome, love how easy it was to put on, the best screen protector I ever purchased, not flimsy, priced right, would recommend to anyone looking for  this product, thank you for a great product.
 I received two screen protectors as stated in the ad. The first one was damaged and unusable. The second one worked, but even after following the instructions, it was difficult to avoid air bubbles upon application. After letting the company know that the first item was damaged, they offered a replacement and requested I send a photo of the damaged item. I sent the photo but never received the replacement. I again contacted the company and received no reply. My 1 star rating is both for lack of follow through in regard to customer service and due to the fact that the product I received was defective.
 Not stick all the way down. The egdes keep pop up over and over again after pressing down
 followed directions exactly and still have bubbles under glass. It is a bit smaller than I expected and don't know what I did wrong.
 I've had this on my phone for about a month now.  So far no complaints!<br/><br/>It does come just shy of the outer edges of the screen on the left and right, but based on what I've seen of other screen protectors of this variety that is normal.  I love that it was so easy to install and that I have a spare in case this one gets damaged.<br/><br/>Great product for a great price!
 Love this screen protector! No bubbles and easy to put on! It comes with 2 so if you accidentally screw up, you have another! I bought this to prevent a small crack from expanding and it is doing the job! I like this better than the glass screen protectors that i paid too much for!
 Worst screen protector for installation. I tryed installing it for my fathers iphone 7 and the process was difficult. When the protector finally layed on the screen there were bubbles EVERYWHERE! Had to purchase a different protector due to both failed attempts. Would not recommend.
 These are good. My kid has dropped my phone many times and no cracks on my screen. Easy to place on your phone. Seems to reduce the sensitivity slightly. I would recommend these.
 BEST SCREEN PROTECTOR I'VE HAD.<br/>I know it's not recommended, but even after it has a few cracks in it, I keep it on my phone for a while, and it still protects it very well! The only thing to say is... I mean, common sense. Don't hand it to a child if it's cracked. They'll probably crack it more, and the screen has a tendency to drop small pieces of glass if it's really shattered.
 Love this product! I dropped my phone I don’t know how many times. Including my kids dropping it. Lol. When I finally took the screen protection off, after being on for one full year, my iPhone 7 looked brand new! There were two cracks on the screen protector, but my phone screen was not touched! No scratches. No cracks. Would def purchase again!
 These are the only screen protectors that our Iphones are allowed to wear!!  Absolutely the best - thanks for making such a wonderful product and so easy to install / apply.
 Just  received the screen protectors. The kit came complete with all the tools you need and clear directions. For $8 you get more then your money's worth. Any good glass protectors at the store are $20 or more. And this would measure up to any of them. Time will tell if this is all that it's  advertising. But right now, I'm completely happy with the fit and quality.<br/>PS Could have come a little sooner. I have prime and usually I get small stuff overnight. But seeing that it's right around Christmas time, it's understandable that it took a day or two.
 So far this has worked fine. I'm glad there are 2 in the package as I messed up the 1st one (didn't clean the screen enough, misaligned, etc) but the 2nd one has been working fine so far
 I just installed this protector, the install design is the best one I have purchased.
 I ordered this along with a case for my iPhone; I had been using a plastic-film screen protector up to this point.  The installation process was a little more involved than what I'd been used to previously, but once I made sure there was no dust on the phone screen, the protector went in place with not too much of a problem. I do notice that the lower right corner seems to be slightly lifted (but not in any significant way), perhaps because I had to pry up on that corner to reposition the lower part of the protector (it had been slightly off, a millimeter or two).  Other than that, I like that the glass protector has a better "feel" than a plastic-film protector would.  I am quite satisfied.
 I haven't had the item very long and thankfully have not had reason to use it.  It did arrive on time and went on very easily.  So far it it working as described.  Fits well and seems to work as well as previous screen protectors.If I have any issues, I will update, but so far so good.
 This is made out of the same material as my other screen protector I bought for $30. That screen protector lasted me 2 years and absorbed several visible cracks and scratches that would have otherwise been on my phone screen.<br/><br/>Not only is this product highly protective and cheap, but it's also super easy to install. It's a bit tricky lining it up correctly, but that goes for all screen protectors. However, preventing bubbles from forming on this is almost foolproof.<br/><br/>Great product guys!
 These things are a lifesaver. I've broken many screens in my lifetime. Almost immediately upon putting this protector on, I dropped my phone. The screen protector cracked but my phone screen is still perfect!  I highly recommend the extra protection!
 Included excellent instructions, was easy to install and after a couple weeks of use, I can't imagine not having this protection for the screen.  The product itself is also excellent - just as good performance-wise as if it wasn't there.  One thing I failed to notice on the instructions was the suggestion to install in a 'steamed up' bathroom so as to cut down on any floating dust.  As a result there are a couple, very small bubbles with a little spec of dust in them, but barely noticeable and doesn't affect performance.
 I bought this item for my iPhone 7.  I dropped it in my garage, face down! I was worried when I picked it up and saw all the cracks. I removed the screen protector and was so happy ... Not a scratch! Would recommend product. Would buy again.
 I'd heard good things about glass screen protectors, so I figured I'd try them out.  I was tired of my plastic film screen protectors getting scratched and full of fingerprints, and thought that a harder glass screen protector with an olephobic coating would solve the problem.<br/><br/>Well, the glass is definitely harder and protects the screen, and it also doesn't get scratched nearly as easily.  However, fingerprints are just as much of a problem.  The thicker protector really isn't a big deal, and I don't notice or get bothered by the glass edges at all.  However, my phone did at one point "clank" against a pen or something in my pocket at some point, and it caught just the edge of the screen protector, enough to leave a sharp little chip in the glass. The "film" type protector would not have had this problem.<br/><br/>However, this is definitely adequate at protecting my screen.  I haven't dropped my phone to test it further, nor do I really plan to.
 It feels like there is nothing on your screen.  Its provides great protection due to the thickness, but it doesn't affect the functionality of the screen in anyway. It hides finger smudges and prints. The screen in crystal clear.  Like I said, it feels like there is nothing there.  It's the best screen protector I've ever had.  100% recommend!!!
 This is the first time I have ever purchased a screen protector outside of the cellular store and I was nervous about applying it myself. To my relief, it was very easy! There is a tab on each end to help align it before putting it on the screen. It looks and feels just as good as the original screen protector I purchased with the phone, only this one is much cheaper. Plus, there is a second one in the package. My phone gets dropped a lot, as I juggle three kids. So far, no cracks and no problems.
 So far so good. Purchased as a replacement for one purchased through AT&amp;T which began cracking near the home button from normal use.  That one was very expensive.<br/><br/>Looked on Amazon and found this product which looks exactly the same and I got two for $8. Great value.  We’ll see how long it works for me.
 I originally purchased a screen protector that cost $59 and cracked within two weeks. This is just as good and less expensive. Easy to apply.
 These are the best screen protectors. I have dropped my phone pretty bad and the only thing that cracks or gets a ding is my protector. Even if it cracks, it still stays on very well and will not need to be replaced unless you start to lift it. The thickness is great (not to thick or thin) and no glare. It sticks really well too.
 Worked great for what I needed it for! These break a little easier than the more expensive brands, but for the price, they get the job done and still last quite a long time.
 Seems like a good quality product but once on there is an air bubble that completely goes around the outside of the screen protector. In fact, it even encroaches upon the screen about 1 + mm. I’m going to try and live with it before using up the second one, but to say the least, i’m dissapointed.
 Earlier, I got this brand for my iPhone 6P and loved it so bought the same brand again for my iPhone 6S, perfectly sized and easy to apply.  Great product.
 I received a package of two screen protectors. The first one was defective and the protective film portion was either non-existent or completely fused to the rigid plastic backing it was supposed to be peeled from to apply to the phone. We threw away the damaged one and used the extra. I contacted the company and explained the issue. They said they would<br/>mail me a replacement if I sent them a photo and confirmed my address. I did both. After a couple of weeks I received  neither a replacement nor a response. I emailed again a few days ago and still have not received a response. Disappointing.
 Dropped my phone. Protection screen broke and phone screen was all good. Highly recommend.
 The protector glass works great!  It was very easy to put on my phone.  The protection is great.  I would definitely recommend this product.
 Totally worth it! It worked 100% when I needed it after my cellphone crashed from the stairs. I came with 2 screen protectors, so I just put the second and gonna buy another pair.
 very firm and clear vision protector. it comes with 2 screen protector so its very money saving :D also fast shipment
 I order this screen every time I get a new phone.  It has protected my phone through being thrown from my pocket when bike riding.  There was a small nick in the side of the screen, but my phone was fine.
 This screen protector may not be the best but at the same time it is not the worst I guess depending on how your phone falls it will have a chance to protect it. It is not that difficult to put it on your phone this was purchased AGAIN for my 13 year old and she was the one that put it on her phone again that tells you that it is an easy install. Now I say again because my daughter dropped her phone from roughly 5 feet on to a mosaic floor and sure the screen protector cracked where I thought when she brought it home it was surely the screen the way it looked I was even scared to peal it off thinking I was going to cut myself but nope as I pulled on the screen protector that's all it was cracked screen protector phone was intact. This convinced me to purchase this item again now it comes in two but I used the other spare from my previous purchase on her sister's phone as well she also had a big scratch on her phone where she keeps it in her bag along with other items who knows what caused the scratch but once again this screen protector did and does what it has to do to protect the phone. Also on the other side of their phones the cases that they have on them are the Caseology brand just in case anyone wanted to inquire on their cases.
 Easy to apply and completely clear. I find it difficult to touch things near the edges (Not even directly on the edge). For example, I am unable to swipe up on the Safari icon to activate hand-off from my computer.
 Definitely impressed with this. I just placed the second glass protector on my iPhone because the other one had cracked in multiple places. My phones screen was flawless underneath and looked brand new. I don't expect these protectors to last forever, only that they protect my phones actual screen. The first one lasted well over 6 months, and at this price I don't mind having to replace it. I highly recommend!
 Best product ever!!  Put this on my iPhone a few months ago after cracking the screen.  Dropped the phone today.  Was so upset because I thought the glass cracked.  NO!  The screen protector cracked.  Phone is perfectly fine, plus there was a second screen protector in the box.
 Not as strong as other ones I've had in the past. Had one crack day 2 after a minor fall. These do get the job done for the price.
 Unfortunately, I have become quite proficient at putting these screen savers on!  Fortunately, they perform as advertised!  My girls have field tested this product multiple times and so far they have kept me from having to repair/replace the actual phone screen!
 Purchased for both my phone and my husband’s. High quality. Great customer service . Protects my SE  &amp; husband’s 6S phone well.
 I've had the $40 Tempered Glass &amp; this one works the exact same as far as I can tell. Seems to be really nice quality but like the expensive one, this one also lifts up on the edges slightly. It doesn't seem to effect the effectiveness but kind of annoying to see. I would buy again. Great price.
 Works great came with two protectors and just install the 2nd one after 5months of use
 Perfect screen protector! Super easy instillation that's impossible to mess up, fits nicely on screen, and provides crisp images! All that and really cheap pricing=perfect!
 It does it's job but when they say the protector is smaller than the surface of the phone they're not kidding. It barely covers the touch screen on my iPhone 6s! Gave it 4 stars because it does the job and it was easy to put on, but they fall short on size.
 Installation was simple and quick. This product supplies all the necessary materials to install the protectors correctly and the screens adhered perfectly. It's a great product.
 This is the best screen protector I've ever bought! It came with directions how to put on, 2 very nice glass protectors, wet and dry wipes to clean your phone and the case before putting it on, and dust removal stickers! It's an amazing product and I highly recommend it. No bubles it comes with a bubble remover thing that works really well. And absolutely no scratches! It is also super see through and the feeling of touching it is so smooth! I love it! Speacially the fact that it comes with 2!! They DO NOT look cheap and it's very high quality. You should totally buy it.
 Super fast shipping-step by step directions! Made my phone look new again
 Glass seems to be nice quality but no matter how I installed it, the curve of the beveled edges magnifies the pixel on the edge. This produces a bright green or red edge, depending on which row of pixels it's magnifying. It is very distracting and makes the screen appear smaller than it actually is. I installed one on my wife's iPhone 7 and one on my iPhone 6S, same result on each. These appear to be maybe 2mm less width than they need to be. I removed my immediately after installed, my wife is not as picky as I am.
 Really like this screen protector.  Can't even tell it's on the phone.
 It was recommended to use 2 screen savers on my i phone. These protectors were thicker than the old one so it only took one.Have a spare now and the price was a big plus when ordering.
 Prompt replacement under lifetime warranty! Dropped phone on sidewalk, shield cracked but phone unharmed.
 Just put one on for each of our 2 phones. They seem to be very good quality and very easy to put on. Great price. Had Zagg covers and was on my third set. They seem to crack easy. These apply much easier.
 I have used this product for years because it has protected my phone screen from all the times I have dropped it.  A good value for all the quality and protection that you get.
 Bought this to replace my Mophie Juice Pack Charger case which was heavy and had to be replaced twice because it quit working. This one is so much lighter and works very well for a lot less money. love it!
 Just dropped my phone on an ordinary apartment floor and the screen shattered despite the screen protector. Needless to say I’m incredibly disappointed.
 This was so easy for my boyfriend to put in our phones. And the price is fantastic! Will definitely be buying more.
 Worked very well, glad there were two. I messed the first one up but the second went on like a champ. Like the beveled glass. it gives a finished look.
 Easy to install. very clear. could be a little bit wider, I know it is not supposed to come all the way to the edges but much more narrow than the Iphone 7 and there is a cut out at the top like it was for the Iphone 6 not the 7. but over all works and looks great.
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R39JZU1WAMEKOC"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/F1lGzqX4NWS.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91bh+M4iJzS.png"/> Great product, you get two tempered glass screen protectors, I have been using it ON my Iphone 6 for about 3 months now and it Is Awesome, It is extremely Scratch resistant and give a barrier(cushion) for any drops, I use it in conjunction with a clear plastic case/cover and have dropped my phone many times, on different surfaces, IN short this Screen Protector Does Its job Great! I will buy again and more for new phones in Future. Check Out my video Review for video look at this screen protector. Thank you for reading my review, I hope it was beneficial to you.
 It works great at first it didn't look like it worked correctly but the think piece comes off and it was perfect and works great!!
 Horrible design! Doesn’t even seal to the screen on the edges. I dropped my phone and the screen still shattered under the screen protector. I guess if the purpose was not to crack the screen protector it worked! Don’t buy if you are looking to actually protect your phone.
 Loved it fit my iPhone 8 perfectly it come with, all the supplies needed to put the new screen protector on.
 I am overall very pleased with this screen protector for my iPhone 8. I had purchased an Otterbox screen protector that was supposedly compatible with the iPhone 8, but it does not adhere to the edges. The amFilm protector is just a bit smaller so the edges adhere well and it is still big enough to cover the screen. It is also very reasonably priced and easy to apply. The screen does not impact the touch sensitivity of the screen either. I would recommend this product!
 These tempered glass for iPhone 6 work exactly how they should and it's easy to put on. There is 2<br/>For basically the price of one. Which is awesome.
 The material looks great on the phone. The phone has not been dropped on its front as of yet, however, the screen protector feels durable. The quality of the phone looks the same as it does without any screen protector. No picture quality is lost. So far it's doing great.
 It is one of the easiest screen protectors to install. I say that despite the fact that the first one we had cracked upon installation.. When the first one cracked.. The company was very quick to send us a replacement, and after having them installed on my kid's phones, I believe the first one was a fluke.. and not so much poor quality. Truth is, these work better than others that I've tried and I will buy them again.  Worth the money for sure.
 Package had everything we needed to install it. Managed to get it to fit the first time with the sticky pads that were included. Has extra screens and Anella thin easy to store box. Will buy from again.
 I got this screen protector and 2 days later I dropped my phone face down on landscape rocks while standing... and it cracked the screen protector saving my fragile iPhone screen from being cracked.. I'm so happy to have found a protector that actually works, and it's very inexpensive. The packaging was also outstanding. It came with directions, wipes to clean your screen, and more. Putting it on was also very easy, and looks great. I'm going to definitely buy another set right now!
 Spend a $150 fixing your phone or just buy this excellent product !!
 Works great. I dropped my phone and the screen protector shattered and took all the impact!  My screen was fine, I took it off, and applied the second of the two pack. No problem.  Very affordable. Super thick and sturdy. Easy to apply.
 Holds up well, protects the screen, crystal clear view and lasts a long time.
 I finally switched to apple and first thing I did is to find a screen protector that will protect my phone<br/>and don't understand all the negative reviews I see on this screen protector. It fits my iPhone 7 just fine. I been a android users since day one and have put in all kinds of protector and people this one is just fine.
 Seems to be a good product. Can only give 4 stars because it’s early in the age of the product and I have a few bubbles which happened when installed but it was my fault for not doing installation in a steamy environment.
 I have spent $35 - $40 dollars on glass screen protectors at least a handful of times....NO MORE...these inexpensive ones are on par with the ones they mark up to $35 bucks in the stores... they fit well, go on easy and are high quality.
 The best screen cover i have bought.<br/>Other top brand screen covers have cracked in a couple weeks.<br/>This cover looks like new and I have a spare.
 Screen protector is wonderful! It came with clear instructions that were easy to read. Put on the phone without air bubbles with little effort. There was enough to apply both phones when and if you need to replace or you are sharing with someone else.
 Highly recommend; great product and company that stands behind it.  I was unsuccessful in perfectly applying the first set of protectors because of lots of dusk in my home and emailed the company and they quickly sent me a replacement set.  I definitely recommend applying these screens, as they recommend, in the bathroom after some steam, this eliminates dust.  My third attempt was successful.  The feel and sensitivity of the screens are perfect; literally no change, in fact a little smoother than the iphone screen itself.
 I love my screen protector. I had bought this product before and I only used one of the two that it brings for about a year (I forgot where I put the second one so I bought a new packet). It barely had a few scratches even though I dropped my phone almost every day. I bought another packet now because the quality of this screen protector is excellent.
 Great price and the product does what it suppose to do.  I would recommend that it would be a little wider but to fit the screen but if it is tested to work as is then there you go.
 Very easy to put the screen on - I was worried I would mess it up / create a bubble.  Very clear instructions and fool-proof.  I've had this protector on for a few weeks now and it is working great!  I'll buy these again!
 The amFilm tempered glass screen protector is as described. It fits nicely on the iPhone 7 and was easy to install on / apply to the iPhone 7 screen. Included directions were clear and easy to follow. I recommend this product, and am happy with the purchase
 This screen protector was super easy to use, and everything I needed was right in the box.  They included some tips, which were amazing (I especially loved the one that advised using a steamy bathroom if dust getting under the glass might be a problem!)  I'm very happy and would buy again.  And they take PRIME!
 Purchased based on a review from The Wirecutter. Very pleased, so far. Placement tabs made application a cinch. Only problem is that I still managed to not quite center the protector on the screen, so the lower left edge isn’t making complete contact with the screen ... but that’s because of the rounded edge of the IPhone 8 screen and my alignment error - has nothing to do with the screen protector! There are two protectors in the pack, so I used one and my husband used one.
 So much cheaper than buying at the store.<br/>I’ve used these for years
 I bought two boxes just in case there was trouble and I have 3 iPhones.  Don't ask.  The first went on perfect.  The second went on but never sealed on the edges so it had to go.  The third went on fine but I got stuck with bubbles.  The forth went on fine but has since slightly shifted to drive me crazy.  But they are quality.
 I re-ordered this screen protection for my cell cuz I was already quite pleased with it. But when someone closed the trunk door ON my phone and the only consequence was that the ‘screen protection’ was the only thing that got damaged. I was very pleased.<br/>I had already dropped my phone on concrete many times - always without harming my phone.  👍
 Works perfectly. Did 4 iphone 7's and went fast and better then I thought it would! The first one was the learning curve at tried 4 times to get it perfectly lined up and was worried it wouldn't stay on very well but in fact it works excellent.  So you cant go wrong getting this.
 This is now the second order I have placed for these screen protectors for my wife, who tends to be rather rough on phones at times.  So far, when they are used, they have protected the phone screen quite well.  Haven't had an issue at all, so when this pack is used through, I will place another order for a third pack.
 An excellent product, the iPhone Glass Screen Protector from amFilm does a wonderful job of protecting my iPhone from scratches and other abuse. I followed all the instructions in the included booklet and watched their video on installing the screen, and everything proceeded as it should. No dust, no bubbles. An extra screen is provided, just in case.
 It didn’t cover the whole screen. No thumb coverage. Tossed it out.
 Worked great, was easy to put on but I still had a few dust bubbles. I like the camera cutout in front.  My wife can deal with it for now, but I'll try next time without lint bubbles when this glass breaks or wears out.
 Easy install, crystal clear, and very durable. I’d buy this again in a heartbeat!!
 I like this protector so far but I had a difficult time getting all the air out from underneath. I still have a few. It may be my inexperience on placing one. I gave it a 4 because I haven’t had it long enough to rate a 5. It’s very clear and doesn’t interrupt the touch screen like others I have experienced.
 Works like it should - One screen protector was broken when the screen fell right on a rock, but it protected the screen itself. The cleaning pads and instructions in the package are great too. Hoping not to have to buy again anytime soon, but it's worth having, and very effective. Cheaper than a screen replacement too.
 So, its not hard to be a great screen protector, but this one sure did good. didnt come off after being on for a couple months so far, glass doesnt chip after a crack, and if you going through reviews to see if its a good cheap present for someones birthday, it is, trust me they will love it.
 This product is more substantial than most screen protectors, but allows full, easy function.  The application was simple, and the piece goes on smoothly and is virtually invisible.
 Does what it says. It was easy to install with no bubbles. The screen protected my iPhone 8.  This is my second purchase.  I will purchase another one for my Samsung phone
 I’ve only had this for a few days, but it works great and was super easy to install!
 This comes with 2 glass screens, 2 sets of application wet/dry screen wipes, a solid little bubble pusher, a cleaning cloth and a good little booklet with instructions.  If you're like me and don't get it right the first time, you still have another chance, and at this price point, it doesn't feel wasteful to use both protectors if you need to.<br/>I had some issues with the application because I couldn't seem to avoid the dust / lint on my screen, and the customer service was absolutely amazing! If you purchase this brand, you will not be left high and dry, if you have an issue.<br/>I have to recommend you follow the instruction tips to apply the glass, in the bathroom, with the shower running hot water - in the end that steamy room was the only way to cut down on lint and get that clean application. Thanks for the tip and the customer service, TechMatte.<br/>I remind everyone, this is useable for iphone 6 or 7 and so the cutouts aren't complete for the 7 - but I am using it on my brand new iPhone 7 and am very satisfied with the coverage, which goes to within about 2 mm of the edge. I also use a case on my phone, so I have very little concern that my screen is going to break. For those who like to test the screen protector and push it to it's limit - good for you for your diligence, but I don't need to. I just need it to protect my phone in an average fall/drop, and that it does.
 This screen protector was so simple to place on my iphone and I'm "older" with arthritis in my hands/fingers.  I was told by my "kids" that I needed to have the protector since I'm always dropping my phone.  I have dropped it quite a few times already and it's holding up great and no scratches.  Good price and Good quality!
 Installed really nicely. Followed the easy to use instructions. A VERY GOOD VALUE and works well. Will definitely buy again.
 This kit is awesome! it comes with everything you might need to get your iPhone protected! I have a 7 and my girlfriend has a 6s. The two pack of glass worked perfectly in my situation and now me and my girlfriend are protected for a little longer!
 Ordered for a friend since I am not an iOS user.<br/><br/>The screen protector is good, but it's not as touch sensitive as she would have liked. I assume that is due to the thickness of it since it is made from glass. The funny thing about her struggle was that in spite of her hard work towards cleaning her screen, the screen protector still ended up securing a few of her dog's hairs. 😂
 Purchased for iPhone 6s. Worked perfectly. Was nervous applying to phone. Did not get placement on phone exact, but the issue was due to my lack of skill level and not the product. Love the product. Happy to have screen protected on phone.
 I screwed up and got dust on it so i used the 2nd one.  I didnt want to just toss it so i did a product test with the bad one. It held up amazingly. I tried to beat the heck out of it and scratch it up. It took everything. Of course it did compromise after a solid hammer wack but it is worth the money.
 So far so good.  Easy to install, easy to keep clean.  Light-years ahead of the plastic/film products.  And I like their attention to details making it a little undersized to allow the a case to fit without hitting it.  Lifetime Warranty too.
 Seems great so far. I have only been using the screen cover for a week but it’s crystal clear and fits well.
 These things are tough, and 1/10 the price of going to Best Buy.  I strongly recommend them for your devices!  The application is easy, just make sure you clean you screen well.  These just dropped in place and squeegeeing was minimum.  It just sucked down like it was powered by a vacuum, 1 minute later and protected.  If all protection only went on so quickly.
 I am highly recommending this to EVERYONE! I went on a bike ride, my phone fell &amp; a car ran over it without a second thought! I removed my tempered glass &amp; my phone DIDN’T EVEN GET A CRACK!!! So as you can see in the first picture the screen protector is heavily cracked vs how my phone turned out! Would buy over &amp; over (I’m a bit clumsy)
 Works good. The one of my phone is still in perfect shape, however my husbands cracked. Which is good that it protected his screen from cracking, but the protector now has a huge crack down it.
 I literally just opened the package and put it on my phone immediately. This is so easy to put on and it comes with all of the items necessary for a smooth bubble free application(wet/dry wipes, lint remover stickers, card to smooth bubbles). Couldn't be happier with my purchase.
 This does what it was designed to do, keep my lens in perfect condition
 The quality is the same as what I would buy at the Verizon store. The only deference is price which was a big difference.
 The screen protector is amazing. I have had the screen protector for at least a few months now, and I have barely any damage to the protector itself. The customer service for this product is amazing too. They will send you a replacement if the product has been placed incorrectly or has been worn out. Great product overall!
 Product seems like it was sitting around for a while, edges lacked stickiness due to the backing having peeled away while sitting in the box. Everything else was great. Used both protectors just trying to get it right, still not happy with how it turned out.
 I bought this because it has good reviews but now from my experience don’t by this it easily broke and destroyed my iPhone 8’s screen I only had this for like 2 months and the one time I drop my phone it breaks what am I gonna get for my screen breaking exactly nothing thanks a lot for making me spend $150 for a new screen
 I am beyond pleased with this purchase! I have an iphone 7 and this fit perfectly. The application process was super easy and I even had a better result than any other time i’ve gotten it done in store. And I loved how the instructions were super detailed! And the customer service seems amazing because they email you to make sure you’re satisfied.
 Thought this would be great but the screen protector seems to have air or did not stick around the edges. Comes with handy tools but even with all the tools and only applying it once the edges still look really bad. Also has a really glossy look to it making it hard to see the screen
 The tempered glass screen went on my new iPhone 6s without any trouble at all.  There were no bubbles to work out, and the extra tabs on the screen protector made alignment easy.  I'd recommend this product to anyone looking for a good screen protector.  I've used PET film in the past, and the tempered glass was much easier to apply.
 Glass screen protectors don't get any better than this one, no matter the cost.  I have replaced all of the protectors on our iPhones and they are every bit as good as the $40 Verizon that we got when we purchased the phones.  Not any more, will use these.
 Super easy to install, this screen protector is great. I hope I never drop my phone, but if that happens I will let you know whether my screen was saved.
 OMG it fits perfectly on my phone and it looks great !! very long lasting. With my clumsy hands, I dropped the phone face first couple times and it does not even have scratches on it !! of course I also had my phone case too and together with case and protector works great !!
 Installation is very simple. The product protects your screen well without affecting the use of the touch screen. I will definitely buy these again!
 Easy to install myself. Excellent quality! Looks like a brand new phone. I notice the high quality of this particular screen protector resists fingerprints and smears as well as anti glare.
 Obviously the way the screen is shaped on the iPhone 6 makes putting any screen protector a challenge. I have a lot of experience with installing screen covers and this one has a good system to put it on, but it just isn't sticky enough. Two of the corners won't seal down all the way and it just looks sloppy. Won't buy again.
 This screen protector is great, I dropped my phone on cement and this screen protector cracked but my phone screen did not. I immediately reordered another screen protector. I recommend this product!
 I like the screen protector but the screen protector started to chip on the sides even when I was just taking my phone out of my pocket. Other than that, the protector is great
 I am only giving this a 4-star because my dumb self ordered the wrong size! 😑 So I am unable to actually test out the "protection" properties, however packaging is high quality, the thickness and ease of instructions is awesome. Waiting on the 7plus protector to come in, will more than likely rate 5-stars on that.
 I've had this screen protector on my iPhone for several months now and can now say unequivocally that this is the best screen protector I've ever used. From the clear, detailed step-by-step installation instructions to how it practically installs itself onto the screen -- no pesky bubbles! -- I've never found a better product of its kind. It does everything it's supposed to do, and lets my phone look great while it's doing it. Terrific product, and highly recommended.
 i’m just confused. for one of them, i needed to peel off two layers of the protective film thing, not one. so i thought that the directions were wrong and tried to do the same for the second one. but, for the second one it only have one protective layer so i ended up messing up the edges of it :(. for both of the screen protectors, the edge has air pockets
 This was hands down the easiest glass shield ever to install on my iPhone.  I was pleasantly surprised that there were 2 included as I thought for the price, only 1 was included.  I will save this product and vendor for future needs and suggest anyone looking for cellphone protection buy this product.
 Had the screen protector about a week. It went on SUPER easy and none of the annoying bubbles that usually happen. Time will tell how it holds up - sure hope it does.<br/>The screen is crystal clear!! Liking that!!
 The screen was shockingly easy to install (and often these are a pain), is low glare and beautifully shows off the phone display. Will definitely buy these again when I need a replacement!
 Easy to apply to the phone.  It took perhaps less than two min to prep the phone and apply the protector.  Minimalist look. Lined up great with the phone's architecture. Easy to clean.
 This product is way better than I thought. Quality is amazing and it looks like it will last me for awhile. Not like the expensive one I bought at the phone store that cracked in a day. This product is thick but smooth. What I love about it most is that it brings two screen protector and everything you need to install it.
 It was very easy to apply the screen protector to my cell phone.
 Could not get this on // wasted all of the screen covers during the process. Couldn’t use at all.
 At first I had a series of air bubbles in the right corner, but I was able to squeeze them out with my nail. I followed the directions, but next time I'll be more careful to avoid having to deal with this. Overall, I'm very happy. No air bubbles and it fits perfectly on my iPhone 7. I haven't dropped my phone yet, but I'm not very worried because I have an Otterbox case.
 I placed this protector on my iPhone 7 about 3 months ago. I dropped it today and I saw the spiderweb of cracks. I was relieved when I pulled the protector off because my phone screen was still in perfect condition. I've dropped it many times but this was the first drop to make a crack.  I will be purchasing a new one to replace this protective screen cover. Definitely worth the money.
 this arrived promptly in a padded envelope, inside the screen protector and application materials were safely packed in a sealed box.everything was intact and in good shape. if you have ever used any of these protectors, they consist of the screen protector itself, a pad saturated with glass cleaner of some sort and a dry pad to wipe after the glass cleaner. there is also some sort of sticky pad to pick up any dust from the surface of the screen before applying the screen protector, and a firm cardboard squeegee to remove any bubbles after application. also, there is usually a small lens cleaning cloth. they may or may not include some adhesive strips to use as hinges. if you look on you tube ( which i would recommend if you have never used these protectors), there are videos of people dropping the protector onto the cleaned screen. unless you have extremely steady hands, i would recommend the hinge method instead. for this method you carefully line up the protector (a peel-off backing covers the adhesive until you are ready to apply the protector), then using the included adhesive strips or your own tape, form 'hinges' to hold the screen in the exact correct position. apply the hinges with a little tension so there will not be any play in the hinge. move the protector on and off the screen on the hinges to assure the position is exact. then fold the protector back, clean the screen well with the wet and dry pads, use the dust removal adhesive pad if necessary to remove any speck of dust, remove the protective cover from the adhesive side of the protector and fold it over onto the screen on the hinges.it should line up perfectly. touch the center of the protector firmly onto the screen and watch the adhesive spread instantly. gently squeegee out any air bubbles if necessary. that's what i did with this protector and it turned out great.clear, protective and the touch screen feature is unaffected. my only complaint is that the protector could be slightly larger to cover more of the screen. they warn you that due to the curvature of the screen's edge, the protector is slightly smaller. i understand that. but i have used other brands on other phones and, while they did not completely cover the screen, they seemed to cover a little more of it. BTW, the box contains two of everything, so, if you need to replace the protector in the future you are all set.
 Super easy to put on. Foolproof. I just got it today, so can't say much about how long it lasts or how well it protects the phone yet.  The only thing I don't like, is that it doesn't go to the edge of the phone.  I have no issues with the touch screen or anything.
 My screen protector lasted a whole 4 days before a crack appeared.  The culprit that cracked it: an all plastic pen dropping from a height of about 6 inches and landing on the corner.  The screen protector also had a visible "lip" where it wasn't perfectly set against the glass of the screen.  I'm very dissatisfied, and won't be ordering a replacement from this brand.
 I bought this screen protector for my iPhone 7.  It was easy to apply, has excellent “sensitivity” to touch, and is very clear. I only gave it four stars because the edges won’t stick. It’s a pack of two, and I did not try the other one to see if it’s better. As far as durability, I can’t answer that yet.
 This screen protector arrived quickly and as described. The packaging was nicely done and the materials included wonderful directions for putting the screen protector on. It was very easy to install. I had a bit of dust on one corner but that was user error. There is plenty of room on the edge for a case.
 Good quality screen protector.  Easy installation.  Tempered glass seems to be thick enough to protect phone screen.  The screen is slightly smaller than the phone which leave the outer screen exposed but in most cases of a phone drop, the exposed areas would never be touched.
 In eight years of iPhones, I have never bought a screen protector that I felt comfortable applying myself until this one.  So glad I didn't have to go beg a "genius" to make sure I got no bubbles on my screen!  All the supplies were included (unlike the last screen protector I bought) and went on very smoothly.  I bought this particular protector for that reason, and because it was suggested as a good fit for the phone case I purchased.  The case hasn't arrived yet, so the jury is still out on that, but I am happy with the screen.
 Excellent product, it arrived quickly and came with complete instructions and tools to place the protector on the phones.  I will order again when needed.
 Used these before.  Dropped my phone on the concrete.  The protector did its job great - the screen protector shattered but my iphone glass was just fine!  Ordered another set for my phone and my daughters.  Love that there is two in a pack so I have another one ready to go if anything happens.
 First time screen protector user...works great.  Easy to install.  Makes you feel better about your phone screen as it sits in your pocket with your keys, change, etc.  Until the fashion world brings back the phone holder on your belt again, this is your best bet.
 Packaging was great and held up despite being shoved in my mailbox by my mail carrier. Easy to put on and feels really sturdy. No fingerprints! That was huge for me. So far so good! Hopefully I'll never drop my phone and have to test it!
 I’ve always ordered these when I need new screen protectors for my iPhone because they’ve worked great. They fit great on my screen, are very easy to apply, and are just as easy to remove when replacement is needed. However, I just ordered two more and one came already cracked. Not going to return because I used the other one since my screen protected desperately needed replacing, but definitely a little disappointed that the other one came already cracked at the top.
 I just got this in the mail so I haven't tried it out by cracking my phone or anything. There was super clear instructions and I knew exactly how to do it. I was really happy to see I got ZERO air bubbles too! For those saying that the glass doesn't fit the iPhone 7/8, it does. It says on the box that the glass is designed to not fit the sides all the way, or else the curve of your phone screen would make it not fit on well.
 Bargain and better resistant to scratching than the apple store
 I’m basing this review strictly on the installation of the product.<br/>Super easy to put on the phone and all the “tools”necessary were provided.  I did watch the video just to make sure I didn’t mess up but it’s probably not required. I loved the little handles and the cost wasn’t so bad either. Definitely would recommend and will purchase as needed for other cell phones and iPads (not sure if they have them but if they do, I’ll purchase).
 I am very happy with the quick delivery of this product. Also, it was easy to install on the phone &amp; I really like it. It's so much better than the flimsy plastic screen protectors. When there are fingerprints on it, you cannot tell it and it's easy to clean. I highly recommend this product.
 Just received it last week. Fits IPhone 7 very well. Covers almost entire front of device while still leaving room for phone case.
 I bought this for my new iPhone 7plus and I actually still have it on my phone . It has zero cracks and zero air bubbles. It was easy to put on highly recommend it if u don't know how to put screens on your phone because it has simple instructions that help u avoid them air bubbles. I have dropped my phone a couple times and for it not to have any scratches or cracks is amazing. Get your self one of these glass screens
 Similar to some other's experiences - My screen protector has been put on perfectly but does not sit flush with the screen along the edges. When the backlight is off you can see the "halo' around the edges where it doesn't adhere to the screen. This is brand new iPhone recently replaced by Apple and I used an air cannister to remove dust before application too.
 This is by far the best install of a screen protector I’ve experienced. There’s really one particular thing that sets this product apart. They have built “handles” into the top protective film. This simple device makes positioning the protector so much easier for a clean install. All the right tools are there to clean and dust the screen first, but those “handles” are terrific!
 This product totally net my expectations! I am very pleased with my purchase! When I ordered this, I thought I was buying 1 screen protector and they sent me 2! Very easy to put on and what made it easier were the extras included! Dust stickers! Good purchase at an awesome price!!
 This screen Protector is great. It was super easy to install, and even when I had to lift it up in a corner becasue I got a little dust there, I did it, and put the protector back without any spot mark. I can also use the touchscreen with any interference, and it works fine!
 These are great screen protectors! Take it from someone who way to frequently drops her phone😬! They provide excellent protection at a great price!
 Go to your phone service provider and let the technician put the film protector on your phone.  Watch and learn.  It is  a process you want to make sure there are no air bubbles forming between your phone screen and the film.<br/>Once it's on it does what it is suppose to do:  Protect! and very well too.
 This is the second two-pack of these that I have purchased.....the one I had on my iPhone7 saved the glass, and my grandson had one in his iPhone6 that did the same thing.  An excellent safety investment.
 Hey Amazon'erz......THIS MY FRIENDS IS A MUST HAVE!!!! I have had several types and brands and must say this is TOP of the list for me! Ease of application, quality is PERFECTO GUYS! Put this on my accident prone wifes iPhone 6, and I KID YOU NOT........about 2 weeks later we are out and about walking the town and I hear "OH #$%*!!! Baby please come pick up my phone Im scared to see what the screen looks like!!!" As I take the slow walk to the phone, I was thinking the whole time...great that cheap glass screen protector I bought from amFilm probably didnt do POOP (sorry amFilm...I do love yall though). When I went to pick it up and turn it over I swear it was a MATRIX moment...Slowwww motion......LOL To my surprise, the screen protector was shattered as it landed screen down on a big pebble/rock (how a rock was laying right there below my wifes phone I have NO IDEA!!) I took off the tempered glass protector and her screen was perfectly FINE and UNTOUCHED! So WOW...Just wow! I have had those OTHER bands that sell for $40 EACH in Best Buy and I can honestly say these are just as good IF NOT BETTER! Thank you amFilm for making a GREAT product at a awesome SICK PRICE!!!! You saved us $225 insurance deductible on her phone and also saved me from DIVORCING HER! She cant thank you enough for this product and saving her marriage!!!
 I like that I was able to buy two really great screen protectors for a fraction of the price of one. The application was really easy and it comes with so many tools to make it flawless. My ONE slight con is that the screen protector could be just a tad bigger, so my sides could get a little more coverage. Other than that, 2 thumbs up!
 My hubby needed a glass protector case as he finally broke his other one after 3 years. This will do!
 I've owned numerous iPhones, and this is the first protective screen I've ever been able to apply without those annoying air bubbles.  Very simple and clear instructions.  Love that it comes with wet and dry wipes as well, to clean the screen before application.
 Best product. Best packing.... What not.. easy to install.. All accessories given to install effortlessly. Good seller.
 The screen protector seems to do it’s job. I dropped my phone twice already and no damage to the screen or the protector. Only thing that could improve is the fit. I have the iPhone 8 and the protector just enough to covers the screen image so you see a thin fluorescent line on the edges. It’s minor so I got used to it.
 las batch i purchased had sone adhesive film  i had to rub off with my hand, that been said I still stand by this product
 The install was pretty easy but after I placed it on I realized there was still a 3mm gap uncovered between the screen and my case. Grr 😠
 Great product. The width of the protector is exactly the size of the screen which leaves no room for mistake when applying. Especially difficult for black iPhones because there is no indication of where the screen edges are when the screen is turned off.<br/><br/>PS: There may be some tiny bubbles around the edges that you won't be able to smooth out, but they clear out by themselves in a few hours.
 This is the 2nd set I bought I got the first because mine that came on my phone cracked and the rest of the family had this problem we love these they are great thank you. Teresa Gregory
 Works well enough as any other glass screen protector, however this one hasn't shattered the many times I've dropped my phone already, and has the cut outs in the right places. Does not cover the entire screen so it is case compatible.
 Easy to apply, very clear, sturdy.  Great product, I bought it because it was ranked one of the highest screen protectors and I am very pleased with the product
 I was satisfied with the price because the package does come with two screen protectors. The packaging I received my product in was quite impressive. It comes in a slim folder-like box with the two screen protectors, two sets of wet/dry wipes, 5 lint stickers, and a very detailed installation manual. I give it four stars because the screen protector still seems to not have settled in on the left and right edge as it has been four days since I put it on both my own and my brother's phone. It is only raised by a hairline width along the entire length so it's not very obvious or (in my opinion) bad at all.
 I accidentally put my phone in the washing machine and 20 minutes went by before I noticed. After getting my phone out, there were just a few cracks in the screen protector and my phone screen was perfectly fine. I was really impressed! I didn’t hesitate to rebuy this product to replace the cracked one.
 The screen protection is great, but since I put it on it is frustratingly hard to pull my task bar down from the top of the screen. It takes me 10+ tries and sometimes i even have to give up and try again later.
 One of the easiest glass protectors to install and it doesn't disrupt the clarity of the screen like previous glass protectors. Like the other reviews, there's a slight gap between the glass and the edge of the screen but it's so slight you don't really notice it. I would highly recommend and will certainly buy again for my next phone. I haven't dropped my phone so I can't review on the protection aspect but everything else is as described.
 Wow, this product saved my phone from a major disaster! I dropped my phone on concrete and thought I cracked my screen but I was wrong. It was the screen protector. I was so happy I bought another set forgetting it comes in a two pack. It’s worth every penny!
 Awesome! Went on very well, unlike other covers I have tried, and seems to hold up and protect phone well. Also, it comes with two, so nice to have an extra!
 I just need to figure out how to trim this stuff so I can have some for my cameras. I will only review it here once but we have these on all the family  phones and iPads and have bought several on various different orders.
 Product fits iPhone 7 well, covers edges well.  I was worried the screen protector would be too large for the curved iPhone 7 screen edge - but it fit perfect.  They also have one of the better application stickers, etc.  The screen goes on straight and it is easy to do with this kit.<br/><br/>One of my screen protectors arrived damaged and TechMatte (seller) immediately responded to my email and sent a replacement in the mail.  You can always judge a supplier on how well they deal with problems...TechMatte did great. I will always buy from them in the future.
 Arrived and applied. Lets see how it does under my wife's care. She has already broken her record of keeping it good for 1 week so we are hoping this protector takes more abuse than the last one she had that was really expensive.
 I haven’t had this glass screen protector very long. It was easy to install (I installed it in my bathroom after running hot water to avoid any particles in the air). This amFilm glass protector is anti-glare and scratch resistant, however it does show smudges. The company does provide a cloth to wipe the screen clean.
 great product!  I dropped my phone and thought it had shattered... but only the screensaver cracked!  I just replaced it with the 2nd one in the 2 pack.  No hassle to put on either!
 Bought for someone and they texted me and said this extremely clear no smudges they love it
 This product was easy to apply, the directions are well written, The tabs make it easy to apply and the finished application is terrific looking. It was much easier to apply then other protectors I had used in the past. I would highly endorse this product
 I love this!  I’m terrible at putting them on and gettting all bubbles out, but that’s my own error user problem. This is a fantastic product.
 Easy to install.  Picture quality is great!  You can hardly tell you have a screen protector on the phone.
 I love this product so much all the phones in my house have these screen protectors.  They have literally saved my phone more times than I can count.  Quality product!!
 I used a screen protector before but this one is much better than the other one. There are all the needs in the package to apply the protector to the iphone. The price is also very reasonable for a 2 screen protector.
 Precise installation, very good fit (6s). A 13-year old has been able to replace a cracked screen protector with this one perfectly from the first try in less than 2 minutes. The dual-pack is very convenient, providing a spare on hand.
 Product description is not match the contents inside the packaging - its too small for iPhone 6/6s/7/8, unbelievable. Will return ASAP!
 My kid dropped my phone and the screen shattered... ONE WEEK after I cancelled the insurance on it... I was about to cry, when I decided to see what happens when I peel this protector off... As I peeled it .... - MY SCREEN HAD NOT A TINIEST SCRATCH ON IT! Phone and the kid are happy and well :)
 Arrived on time, securely packed, with thorough and sufficient instructions on how to apply. I am extremely pleased.
 Purchased for my phones and works great.<br/>Completing the lifetime warranty was super easy.
 Excellent material, I wished I buy it  right after purchased my new cell phone.. easy to apply, look elegant.  love it.  I still have one left for future replacement.
 Works great! I especially like that it really does help cut down on finger prints.
 These are amazing! I was running up our paved driveway and my phone fell out of my pocket and landed face down. Thankfully the screen protector did its job and even though it ended up with damage my phone is still in perfect condition! I just placed an order for a replacement one so I must say I am very impressed with this product! I included a photo of the cracked protector as well to show the damage it took and yet my phone had not even a scratch!
 One of the protectors came pre-scratched. It is virtually impossible to apply the screen without leaving bubbles. The quality of the screen wipes you use to prep your phone is very good. I haven’t found out if it is durable yet, but judging from the scratch on the protector it won’t be.
 Very easy to get on. Each side of the glass screen has a film on it. You pull one side of the film off and the second side has pre-arranged finger holds that allow you to get a great fit every time!
 Honestly, just buy it. The price is great for a 2 pack. Won't get that anywhere else and so far so good. I like the feel of the glass on the iPhone 6. Seems very responsive, I haven't had any issues. I was able to get the second one on perfectly with no hubbles by using the rubber band method while also being in a steamed bathroom and then putting the screen on as quickly as possible. I broke the first one trying to get it on. Took it on and off about 4 times. Ended up breaking the first one, no surprise really. I plan on updating this review after it's been put through a lot use.
 Put on husband's new phone he's learning to use. Great product.
 Thank you. Fits my seven and I have my best friend the other screen. Cheap. Will buy again
 No Air bubbles in center but protector starts coming off from all 4 sides automatically after putting new one in less than 24hrs. Check something else this is not worth buying.
 I purchased 3 sets of these screen protectors and put them all on iPhone 6S. The install is super easy and the hinge method sets up perfect placement of the protector. 5 out of 6 of the screen protectors are in use and the 6th is a backup, just in case. My coworkers love the feel of their new screens and the fact that I installed them.
 The screen protector fits both the iPhone 6S or 8 perfectly!  They were very easy to install and seem very durable so far.  We purchased the item through Amazon partner, TechMatte and they have been excellent in communication with us to make sure everything went well.  I would recommend this product and purchasing with TechMatte.  We couldn't be happier with our purchase!
 This product is exactly what you are looking for and does the job for a fraction of what you will pay buying a glass screen protector elsewhere. To the  comments saying this does not fit an iPhone 7, it is maybe a centimeter off from fitting it, you will not notice it at all. Personally, I kind of like having that extra centimeter. Great product. Will 100% buy again, but I doubt I will need to any time soon because it is so durable.
 Glass is very protective and precisely cut, easy to install and lasts pretty long, certainly recommend.
 Very good for no smudges. Anti Glare isn’t all that great  Applying was very convenient &amp; lot less air bubbles than other brands
 great product, responses to slight touch on the screen, fingers glide so smoothly unlike the ones I previously had and so easy to clean! i wonder if they carry a glass protector for apple watch too?
 Exactly as expected, these screen protectors did a great job.
 Perfect fit. Easy to install. Does not interfere with function nor viewing.<br/>Will search for other products from this company and definitely purchase more.
 This is my second set of these screen protectors. Very happy with them.  There was an issue with one of the two in this order (small piece of fiber inside the film), but just an email or two later and TechMatte had sent me two brand new ones free of charge. EXCELLENT customer service.
 The package came without one alcohol wipe. There are two packs of alcohol+dry wipes. When I opened one of the alcohol wipes, it was empty, so I had to open the other one to use an alcohol wipe. Also one of the screen protectors, when I opened from the package, came with a scratch or two already on the protector..... I am pretty disappointed an Amazon's Best comes in such conditions.
 Very thick, and slightly smaller than the actual screen of your phone, which is fine unless it’s not PERFECTLY lined up. Then it become very obvious and distracting. Does a fine job protecting the phone, but I might get a different one anyway just because seeing it bothers me.
 This is a really nice protector for my new iPhone. It was simple to install, with almost no bubbles unlike those annoying plastic covers (it comes with tips to reduce bubbles), it's clear as day, and I feel my new phone screen is well-protected. Plus it comes in a 2 pack so there's a spare or one to share (although mine is missing the 2nd little squeegee thing). Very happy I decided to get this!
 The product came right on time and was exactly as described. This company provides a Youtube link to a video detailing EXACTLY how to put the product onto your phone. I HIGHLY recommend one watches this video first before attempting to put it on...if I had done so, I would have a spare screen protector now. This is a good company and I'd happily use them again.
 Great price! So easy to install. The instruction was so clear.  It only took me 2 min to put the screen on and it was perfect!  No bubble. The tap on both ends of the screen was so useful. I also love it that it comes in two packs in such a low price. I highly recommended.
 By far the best screen protector I've ever purchased. Was easy to put on and came with dust removal stickers and wipes to clean my screen. Very impressed! Definitely recommend-- I can't even tell I have a screen protector on my phone.
 Outstsnding!!!! I paid 4 times this cost for my furst screen protector &amp; now I realize how much of a rip off it was...... i feel elated to have found this product!!!! It comes in a 2-pack &amp; very clear instructions/easy to apply. I will be buying these for my entire family, thanks TechMatte!!!
 I love these screen protectors but I received the wrong size. I am returning it to get the correct size. My phone is an IPhone 6S Plus. I am putting it in the mail this week and will be re-ordering.
 Product really well made: first time I apply a screen protector without having to keep squeezing out bubbles and/or having to re-apply since the first time around bubbles would not come out. Since I recently applied to my iPhone 7 can not give a 5 star rating as it has not undergone the "real" test of bumps and scratches but seems it will protect well my screen.
 At this point all of these tempered glass protectors all seem the same. I prefer Omotion though.
 This product is great! It really does protect the screen.  I also purchased it for my kids phone.  I love how thick the glass is, and it protects the screen.  I have a few scratches and a slight crack but it’s only on the cover.  My phone screen is protected.  Definitely will continue purchasing this product.
 Update: I contacted them for a replacement. They were kind enough to send me a new package. Unfortunately, similar bubble patterns appeared. Haven’t used the second screen yet.<br/><br/>The screen was cleaned well prior to applying the screen on the phone. Both of the screens had bubble pattern that we were unable to remove with any amount of pressure.
 I am SO happy with this product!  I only had to reorder because Apple popped off the other one when they replaced my battery. 😝
 Bought this for my iPhone 8. Seems like it will protect the screen just fine and it’s crystal clear with nice finger glide. The reason for only two stars is because the edges don’t seal well. Every edge lifts off the screen despite applying it correctly. It’s ugly and now dust and dirt will start to collect under the protector around the edges of the screen. Not very happy with the purchase and will soon be buying a Dog&amp;Bone case when they’re available.
 Protect your investment, you won’t regret it. It protects my phone. And adds a bit of flair!
 I get 2 screen protectors for less than the price i paid for 1.  It was easy to apply and had no bubbles.  I’m extremely satisfied with my purchase thank you
 I just received this today, and I've used other glass screen protectors before but this one was the easiest to install out of all the ones I have used.  The included tabs attached to the protector make install very easy.  Time will tell  if this screen protector is as good as those that cost four times as much but it looks and feels like it will definitely protect from scratches which is my main concern.
 If you watch the video or follow the written instructions on how to install this, it's pretty easy to make sure you have no dust bubbles on the screen.  You can't even tell that it is there, but it really protects your phone.
 These screen protectors are great! Super easy to apply.<br/><br/>I love that it came with not only 2 screen protectors, but also 2 sets of cleansing wipes as well.<br/><br/>Great value! Will buy these again when needed!
 It's been great thus far. Seems to be a great product that has the same feel as glass (not the same with all protectors). Included all the necessary stuff to install, even an extra screen. I would buy again but  don't think I'll need to.
 Fit my iPhone 8 great. Went on without an issue. Love the glass versus plastic.
 Without a doubt, I am COPD, but I would prefer to call it Attention-to-Detail :)<br/><br/>It is worth noting that I have purchased from the most expensive to the least expensive of these new Glass Screen Protectors in my hope of finding the following criteria that matter most to me.<br/><br/>Wish List:<br/>1. Screen Protector covers as much of the 'face' of my iPhone 6s as possible<br/>2. Screen Protector edge is nearly invisible or at least not distracting<br/>3. No bubbles under protector after installed<br/>4. No lint under the protector after installed<br/>5. Alignment of the protector matches perfectly with the visible area of the screen including Speaker/Camera/Home Button locations<br/>6. Works with the new "Force Touch" capabilities of the iPhone 6s<br/>7. Easy to Install<br/><br/>WITH OUT A DOUBT THIS IS THE FIRST ONE THAT SATISFIES ALL 7 OF THESE CRITICAL ITEMS FOR ME<br/>In addition the thoughtfulness of the installation items included with this kit are without equal<br/>1. Wet Wipe in sealed pouch (Common)<br/>2. Dry Wipe in sealed pouch (No one ever) This make for perfectly lint free preparation of the iPhone 6s screen<br/>3. Large Application tool covers more area when doing final evacuation of any left over air bubbles<br/><br/>The final result was amazing, alignment and full coverage of the visible area of the screen (not by much) including top and bottom of the screen usually left short by most other protectors. This means that when my iPhone 6s is back in the Apple iPhone 6s Leather Case there is only a thin and even reveal around all edges of un protected screen. Usual there is a large gap of unprotected screen at the top and bottom as other screen protectors scrimp on full coverage. In turn this puts the edge of the screen protector close to the case on all sides with the added benefit of minimizing the inherent "hazy" edge effect that all these screen protectors exhibit.<br/><br/>Also it can not be forgotten that this screen protector is one of the few that has a protective film on both side of the glass when removed from the kit and only requires removal of the bottom film for installation leaving the top film with plastic extensions on both ends that allow you to hold the glass without obstructing your view of all edges when installing. This aids in the ability to get perfect alignment the first time and adds to the less chance for the "hazy" edge effect which is exasperated if you remove the protector due to miss alignments requiring removal and reinstallation.<br/><br/>TOTALLY SATISFIED WITH THIS PURCHASE BEYOND ONES THAT COST TWICE AS MUCH OR MORE!
 I don't really write reviews on Amazon but I was very pleased with this item. It is the easiest to apply to your phone and fits perfectly. It also has the wet&amp;dry wipe to clean your screen before you apply the protector. The protector is pretty thick. I will see if it will actually protect my screen.
 Highly recommend this product. I’ve purchased from TechMatte before. I bought their screen protector for the Nintendo switch and loved the results. No bubbles went on clean and it’s protected my Switch from day one. Saw that they had these fro phones and had the same results. I’ve had bad luck with other screen protectors and figured I’d try these out and they’ve been amazing so far. Will definitely continue buying these for all my electronics
 Wish this covered the whole screen but it leaves a little space between the screen protector and my phone caseI also had trouble with 3D touch at first but after a few days it works perfectly. However, I am still having a little bit of an issue with typing even after a week but other than that, this is a great product!
 I cannot be more impressed with the price and quality of this product<br/><br/>Much cheaper than the ones at att
 For the first time I was able to place a screen protector without bubbles. The directions were clear, the process easy and painless. I felt a great sense of accomplishment, considering previous attempts with other products. I am so pleased.
 Very happy with this screen protector. Easy to apply, very clear, and does seem to protect against fingerprint smudges. Would like it even more if it was about 1/8 inch wider.
 I received this kit in perfect condition.  I tried to put one of the two protectors on my new iPhone 6S and because I was ham-handed and did not really read the instructions carefully, I ended up with bubbles and dust under the glass.  While I was still wondering what I should do, the company proactively contacted me and asked if everything was OK.  When I told them I had a problem (and noted that it was my fault) they still sent me out another kit containing two protectors.  I had originally bought this kit because both my wife and I had recently bought the 6Ses and each needed a protector.  The two subsequent protectors went on without any problems and they are a fine product that still allows retention of touch screen sensitivity.  I highly recommend not just because the product itself is great but because the customer service is outstanding.
 You want a heavy duty screen protector? Well, this is it! This one comes with complete installation instructions, everything you need in order to install it, and fits perfectly on my iPhone.
 This was so easy to apply and so far I am loving it! They made it slightly smaller due to phone being curved and it’s perfect. I will definitely order from this company again.
 Love, had for about a year before it cracked a little (my fault... I fell while ice skating haha). But it came with 2 so I simply replaced the cracked one and it was new again. Will definitely be buying again.
 E-Z to install and with no bubbles., The instructions and especially the on-line video demonstration made this go no very easily compared to other protectors I have used.
 So far so good. Nicely package. Easy to follow instructions for installation. Perfect fit. I'm even finding that the sliding on my fingers to be more smoother on the screen protector than in the actual screen. Great value for the price.
 Screen images still remain sharp and full of color. However, air pockets on the outer edges cannot be pushed out with the included cardboard tool or your finger. So over time dust and debris begin to accumulate. Much better product than vinyl screen covers. Worth the cost.
 Terrible screen protectors.  One screen protector didn't stick all the way, leaving a large bubble in the middle of the screen that refused to move or stick to the phone.  The second one sealed for about a week and is now separating from the screen and refuses to reattach.
 This is a very good product . The end plastic tabs on both ends of glass make it easy to handle the application!
 These glass protectors are essential to protect your phone from drops. I dropped mine from a 12 foot ceiling onto a concrete floor. The screen protector broke (like it is supposed to), but the phone was undamaged. It also protects against smaller scratches that would normally damage the iphone glass. Replacing one of these is much cheaper than buying a new iphone screen.
 Very easy to install<br/>Scratch and smudge resistance is great<br/>I have no problems what so ever with it disturbing the sensitivity of the screen<br/>Price is awesome if you haven't noticed it comes with two protectors!<br/>I love it! Highly recommend
 I have had the screen protectors from Shield which are usually around $45 and I can say, that these are just as good and possibility better. These screen protectors have last me long than the ones that I have bought from Shield.
 Bought this at the beginning of the year and only just now felt like it was time to replace it with the second screen and it wasn’t even that bad either. Definitely could’ve gone longer with the first screen! There’s not a single crack on my screen and I’ve dropped my phone MULTIPLE times with a not so great phone case. Easy to apply and looks beautiful! Won’t be disappointed!
 this product is truly unbelievable.  As I was installing the first screen, my 2-year old son came over and that was the end of that first piece so I decided to test it out. At first I tried to scratch it with a screw-driver; no scratch.  Pressing harder, nothing happened.  Do you think an exacto knife would do it? :)  I thought so too but NO. The exacto knife could not scratch it either.  Final test, dropping the screw-driver, head pointing down, from about 2 feet high broke it. $7.99 for a 2-pack, a product this good is worth more than that. highly recommended.
 They sent me an extra screen on accodent but your boi isnt complaining. These work really well but break very quick. Only reason they work well is because my real screen hasnt broken yet
 Bought this for the iPhone 8 - perfect fit.  No bubbles, covers edge to edge and I'm very happy with it.  Great screen protector!
 The product is ok and easy to apply. The problem is it does not cover the entire screen.  There is a 1/8 gap around the entire glass. It doesn't even really cover the entire screen.
 This protector does its job. I’ve dropped my phone so many times and the glass has taken the blunt force without any damage to my phone. I didn’t like airpocket that didn’t go way. I was a little disappointed. I’ve used another brand before and that install was crystal clear.  Id still use this brand again though.
 If you don't have an otterbox or life proof case you need this on your screen. I havent had it too long but of course already dropped my phone and the protector cracked but not the phone screen. This thing is a lifesaver, and I like that it comes with 2.
 Great protection for your iPhone. I have a small issue with it and it's just the size of the glass seem to be a little small for the case I have. I have gaps between the case and the glass but it's nothing major.
 One of the better screen protectors I've used. Really good instructions. Easy to apply. The edges don't quite go down like I'd like but the iPhone edges are rounded and that might well be the problem. Good product though. Would definitely recommend.
 These protectors have been dependable for me. Good customer support when I needed a replacement one time.
 The glass is very sharp and my phone looks better having a sturdy crystal clear screen on it.  It went on easily.  Good job!
 Great product, one of the easiest screen protectors I have ever put on. Comes with great instructions and all the tools you need for a bubble free install.
 Super easy to install!  Product description and advertisement very accurate!
 Seems a little small for the iPhone 6 but it might just be me. Override does the job and I know since I already dropped it and got no cracks from the fall
 The company sent a video link to instructions for applying the protector on the day it arrived, plus there are wipes and other items to ensure no dust gets trapped under the glass. Fairly easy process!
 I purchases this product when I bought a new phone. It went on easily and has stayed in place, unlike others I have owned. I have dropped my phone since installing this protector and it did its job.<br/>Thank you for a quality product.
 It's a good product and protects my iPhone 7 well. The "smudge resistant/fingerprint resistant" claim is bogus. There are fingerprints all over my screen but honestly that is the same across the board with tempered glass screen protectors
 Used it for a year, had some cracks on it but didn’t damage my phone. Reordering another one. Highly recommend.
 The price is great and the quality overall seems as good as others I have purchased. My daughter managed to crack hers in a day (she's hard on these things), so I'm glad this was a 2 pack! Made a great stocking stuffer too.
 I have bought many screen protectors but this one has the best feel and fit so far. I only bought for I7 so i ordered for my others S7edge and S7. Thanks for having pride in your product.
 This product is a no-brainer. I have had Zagg after Zagg and have been consistently disappointed. This product is not only EXTREMELY reasonably priced, but you get TWO protectors. The packaging is intuitive, the directions are excellent, and the product applies so easily. I've had the protector on my phone for a few days, and it has done the job. Highly recommended.
 This is exactly what my daughter has been wanting for her phone.  She has a tendency to drop and crack her screens (3 phones later...) so this will definitely be her shining savior!  Shipping was super fast and the customer service is wonderful
 Absolutely perfect. Compared to my wife's three time more expensive store purchased screen protector these are the exact same quality and durability. No hesitation for purchasing this brand of screen protector for my iphones. Perfect lineups and easy to install. Kit works great for cleaning screen.
 When I was putting this on my phone, it wasn't lined up properly, so I peeled it off and repositioned it.  After that, one of the corners wouldn't stick any more.
 disappointed but not the end of the world...took off my existing screen protector that Verizon put on my phone 2 years ago because it left so many fingerprints...this was indicated to reduce fingerprints but it left them just as bad as my previous one did...but this doesn't adhere to the phone as well. Will be taking it off and buying another expensive one at Verizon
 The best Tempered glass/Screen Protector I've ever used.<br/>It has countlessly saved my phone. Love them.
 Excellent way to protect iPhone screen! Great price and easy to put on! So sorry that I didn’t know about this sooner, before I paid $40 at the apple store!
 For all the items it includes, it's a very reasonable price. Placing the screen wasn't difficult at all nor are there bubbles. The glass protector being smaller than the screen looks a little weird but other than that it's great. Only issue was the late delivery
 This product says it is intended for the iPhone 8 however the edges to not stick down on the 8 all the way around the screen.  It still works as it is intended but the edges are slightly exposed.  We would purchase again, it doesn't hinder performance.
 I received my package, packed well, and ready to use. I opened it and read through the directions carefully. It worked like a charm. The only thing was that I was off a fraction and it's not exactly centered, but that doesn't bother me at all. No bubbles whatsoever and it's working like a charm.
 Very easy to apply this right after the protective film is removed and the adhesive layer is exposed. This film is clear, easy to keep smudge free, and it also enhances the colors that you see on your phone. It's one of the easiest films I ever worked with to allow lifting and repositioning. The only reason I give it a 4 star is because there's a thin haze running around the edge of the film that's not too noticeable but yet it looks like the adhesive is not fully touching my screen on the edge...and this film is already made smaller than the actual phone screen to keep it away from the curved glass edge.
 It is very strong, but once it got a little chipped, bigger pieces of the screen cover started coming off. The company also gave a lifetime warranty so when I noticed this, I took a picture of my screen cover and they wear happy to send a replacement, no questions asked. Because of the warranty, I think it product is pretty good.
 My toddler keeps playing and dropping my phone, so if my screen protector gets damaged, I would buy this again.
 Such a great price for great quality! Easy to install and it looks fantastic.
 Excellent product. Easy to apply and very sensitive to touch including the 3D Touch. Crystal clear, too.<br/><br/>Update to review:  Just purchased another set of this product for an iPhone 8.  Still a great product.  The glass on the iPhone 6 and 7 are still in perfect condition after quite a bit of time and use.
 Love this screen protector. I have purchased several brands and these work the best. It is just like it isn't there. It keeps my screen from cracking from repeated drops. I e gone through several protectors but it always saves the screen.
 Great product.  Easy t use.  Clear directions.  The price was alo very reasonable compared to what I've seen elsewhere.
 Easy to install (no bubbles, too!), clear image.  The tapered edges work well with the curved edge of the iPhone screen.  The previous screen protector I had on this phone had square edges and it kept popping up a the sides and bubbling.  I haven't dropped my phone yet since I've had this protector installed, so I can't speak to it's durability.
 The package came in earlier than expected, which is a good thing. Once I opened up the envelope and inspected the product, there was no descrepencies discovered. Quality and clarity of the product is perfect. Keep in mind it will be a little smaller than your screen by a couple of mm, but it covers the main portion in which you will be using your fingers on most often. Great product and would order from them again in future upgrades of my iPhone.
 These glass protective covers are the best I've bought and I've tried approx 10 different brands so far! The stickers on the front of the glass (which none of the other ones had) make putting the glass on your phone so easy! Really fool proof !
 I am very impressed with the quality and price of this screen protector. If I would have bought a similar item from Apple, it would have been $40+. Instead, I get two for a fifth of the price. Application was nearly flawless and it feels great under my fingers. It hides fingerprints well, too.
 Cleaned and applied per the instructions, on two iPhone 7s, and got perfect results both times. Tabs on both ends made it very easy to align. This has a higher hardness than most other protectors; we'll see how it lasts. I'm very happy so far, but will revise this if there are issues down the road.
 Wish to thank you, the screen protector went on with grace following your instructions looks good, feels good, and I feel it will do good. Thanks gain
 I’ve ordered these for my all of my family’s phones. They are sturdy, have protected my preteens phone from several drops/ potential screen breaks, and last! I’d recommend them to anyone looking for quality and a fantastic price!
 One of the screen protectors came damaged. I’ve purchased this brand a few times and never had a problem before. I am very disappointed.
 I drop my cell phone a lot.  This screen cover is great!
 Cracked after one drop to the ground, but did its purpose of protecting the actual glass on the phone screen. After several months it still is intact on the phone. It doesn't fit all the way around the screen, but if you have a case that wraps around the corners of the phone than you should be good with protection.
 I really like these the glass has more weight to it than others I feel like its built stronger. I also like that the microfiber cloth included isnt a cheap scratchy cloth that will scracth your device
 This is the 2nd screen protector from TechMatte that I've purchased for my 14 yr old's phone.  While she has destroyed the screen protector (from multiple drops), the phone has escaped any damage, so the protector did exactly what it was suppose to do.
 had it for several months now and I have no complaints, has saved my phone from several scratches and numerous drops.  Thank you!
 Great screen protector. Since its glass (rigid) easier to put on without air bubbles etc.
 Great feel and look BUT edges lift off/ don't stick at all. I just installed it so we'll see how long it lasts with the edges looking like that before it peels off or it gathers so much crud under them that I take it off.
 I love the way it settles onto the screen without the dust and bubbles underneath. It really protects since I see a crack in the corner but no cracked screen. It was easy to make a claim for the warranty on-line and I'll see how quickly they honor the replacement guarantee. The only thing I would improve is that it would cover a smidgen more of the screen.
 Two screen protectors included in this deal, easy to apply, fantastic price! Highly recommend this product! My very expensive iPhone screen protecter cracked from simple, short  fall onto rug by a child.
 My first time buying this brand, put the first one on my daughters phone, no problem.  Did the exact same procedure for the second and there was dust and bubbles, so I contacted the company as it states to do if there are any issues and no more than two days later I received a pair of replacements, way to go people, thanks!  Happy customer.
 Great screen protector for a reasonable price! The person at the store wanted me to buy one for $50 when I bought my new phone! I’ve bought from them in the past and this one is just as good of quality for much less, definitely worth it. Great product!
 Very good quality. Easy to install wil the extra removable install tabs. I've ordered several other brands and have never had these install tabs. They make for perfect install every time. Covers everything perfect on my 6s. Would buy again.
 I’ve been going through a lot of different glass screen protectors for a few years now, I’ll only be buying this one from now on. It has yet to crack, I drop my phone a lot and my screen protector usually cracks by now. It is really smooth and nice to the touch and stays glossier and cleaner than any of the other ones I’ve ever used. I didn’t expect such great quality ...and they send you two!
 Easy to apply, clear material, no bubbles, durable, keeps screen clean
 Purchased the two-pack for mine and my wife's iPhones to go along with our Magpul Bump Cases.<br/><br/>Excellent product dual installation materials; wipes, dry clothes, card. Very easy to install. I think it actually enhances the screen view. No rainbow or distortions. Would buy again.
 It doesn't even feel like I have a screen protector on my phone. The glass is seamless and, if you adequately prepare the phone screen like the directions say with the wet cloth and the dry cloth and the dust stickers, it fits perfectly. The lifetime warranty is also incredible.
 My iPhone 6 would drain all its battery within a minute or two of using it. I could only use it for long periods of time if I had it charging. Purchased this battery replacement, easy instructions, and now my phone is back to normal. I’m extremely happy the price is reasonable, and I’m so glad I didn’t have to purchase a new phone.
 Been using these for all the phones in our house and have had no issues.
 For the price I wasn't expecting much from this product. However, my iPhone 6s looks brand new thanks to the screen protector and accessories that come with it. The directions for cleaning the screen and applying protector were all easy to follow. I was able to get out all the air bubbles, and now my phone doesn't look dirty all the time. I highly recommend for anyone looking to give their old phone a facelift.
 Super easy to install and remove. I've dropped my phone with this protector on with little damage and zero damage to my phone. I don't use a case or any protective skin. I've purchased this for my friends as well and they love it as well.
 I ordered it for the right phone. Have 7 plus oops. But thick and seems like it would be a good purchase lol.
 Two perfect glass protectors. So far they're perfect. Clear and no bubbles. Easy to install. Read the directions before application. No issues with touch on my<br/>iPhone at all and it's dropped off my desk probably twelve times and still not a scratch.
 Love these, totally saved my phone screen when my 6 year old drops my phone - the protector cracks instead of my screen.
 Fits perfectly, arrived super fast, and is doing a great job protecting my screen. I’ve used these kinds of protectors a lot and every time I seriously drop my phone, the protector breaks but the screen is perfectly unharmed. Totally worth the price (especially since I tend to go through a lot of them).
 Nice product. Good instructions and went on well. Can't tell you if it works or not as I'm not going to drop my phone on purpose to test it out. The reason I did buy it was a friend of mine had this product and it did what it said it would do.
 I needed to replace my iPhone screen protector so I googled for the best options.  TechMatte came with a great review.  And it came as promised.  Thickness is awesome and it was easy to install.
 Phone has been dropped a million times from my children and myself and has yet to scratch or crack my screen. The screen protector cracked but that’s after it dropped on gravel. Well worth the money.
 Works great and I love the packaging. The only downfall is that the screen protector doesn't cover the whole screen.
 Easy to put on. Doesn't leave sticky residue when you remove it. Protects your screen tremendously. I've dropped my phone many times and it takes a lot for these screens to crack.  Definitely a must have item if you have an iPhone. I will be re-ording soon.
 Well, this would have been good for my phone, but it didn’t fit properly. So had to return. :(
 Very easy to install.  Fit perfectly. Arrived promptly in excellent condition.
 I ordered this product. I just got it delivered. Two screen savers came out of the product. Both very bad. Very simple. it certainly does not protect the screen of the phone. screen does not fit exactly. She's always gluing around the phone. permanent fingerprint stains on the screen. i'm very sorry to get it. I do not suggest.
 This screen saver has held up very well so far and was extremely easy to install.  I would buy the same brand again
 Great product and delivered as told!  Great price too
 Cracked first day I used. Thank goodnsss comes with Two. I let it stay cracked until the pieces of glass started to come off. But something different.
 I bought this for my husband's new iPhone and it works great.  Sticking the Protective Glass onto his new phone was a piece of cake!  As soon as I upgrade my phone, I will be purchasing this again!  Great buy to protect something that we all know means so much to everyone today!  Thank you!
 It took me a few tries to get all the lint off the phone, and to properly place the cover. Otherwise. It looks great on the phone (unobtrusive) and does not compromise touch sensitivity and responsiveness.
 I bought this originally when I first got my iphone 6. A couple months ago I dropped my phone (it happens a lot) and it looked like my phone was lightly cracked but on all of the screen. I have been waiting to replace the screen because I didn't want to shell out a $100, but today I got curious and wanted to make sure my screen was broken so I took off the screen protector and guess what? My phone is undamaged, only the protector cracked but it protected my phone! Needless to say I am very happy I didn't have to fix my phone-instead I replaced the screen with the alternate left over protector and my phone looks like new and I ordered 2 more just now for any future accidents. I am a happy customer.
 Better than the JETech brand. Comes with more stuff for cleaning your screen and is easier to install.
 Really great screen protector.  Have dropped my phone several times and it’s fine!
 It's not so easy to apply this thing. Lots of rehearsals. But it does the job to protect the iPhone front glass.
 It doesn't go all the way to the edge of my phone case, but I feel good knowing my screen is protected. It was easy enough to install. I recommend wiping both sides of the wrapped glass with a wipe to get the dust from the styrofoam off it- before you start. I found that was the source of the dirt causing the bubbles.
 Fantastic and has probably saved me a ton of money. Bought one a few years back and needed a replacement to which I used TechMate’s promise and they delivered. Fast forward to a couple weeks ago when I needed a new one and this was the only option I wanted. TechMate is well worth it!
 Perfect fit!<br/>All needed materials are inside the box.<br/>It was very easy to apply.<br/>The instructions were simple to follow.<br/>I did not have any problems with air bubbles like the more flexible material.
 Hands down the best screen protector I have ever used. Everything you need for a dust free application is included. First time without dust bubbles, and I have tried dozens. Love the centering tabs, I was able to align perfectly to my iPhone 6 screen
 I’ve order this same case for the past 4 years. Never fails. I just keep getting news ones to replace the sractched up ones
 Great price and you get 2 screens. No bubbles as this is glass. Even had to remove it because my iphone was defective and the Apple tech moved my screen protector to the replacement. It stayed on fine then too (if it didn't glad I had the 2nd, which is why I bought it). Would buy again.
 Love this screen protector.  I'm not seeing finger prints, and installation went almost flawlessly.  I'm a bit of a perfectionist, and I got a speck of dust under it.  I love that there are two in the package.
 Lifetime warranty? More like writing to the company after one of their screen protectors scratches easily and the other is ruined during installation and getting no response at all. Nowhere near as durable as advertised, and still really easy to screw up installing. Would only reccomend if you’re okay with the possibility of losing 10 bucks.
 This screen protector protects my phone better than any other screen protector I've ever used.  I have had my iPhone for almost 6 years and I have never cracked a screen.  I will never use any other screen protector after using this one.
 Just bought these to protect my daughter’s iPhone 8. It fell out of her hand today while in a restaurant about 4 ft to the floor didn’t damage the protector at all but as soon as you lift it off the phone the screen was cracked. Highly disappointed is an understatement we just bought this phone 2 weeks ago and now have to replace the screen.
 Very easy to apply the screen protector to the screen, and no bubble! The protector glass has a very true touch screen feel. It’s easy to clean and doesn’t attract dust. Everyone in the family enjoys it
 What can i say about this !!<br/>its been months since i bought this. after applying the guard, i have dropped my phone several times and nothing happened. today, my bad luck, it fell on a hard surface and i saw some crack on the screen. with a great shock i took the phone, peeled of this protector. WOW ! the crack was just on this protector and nothing happened to my phone anyways. came back home, applied the 2nd one came in the pack in a jiffy... and.... feeling safe !!!
 The sides of the screen protector started peeling off after 2 days  letting in a lot of dust this happens on both (I got this for a iPhone 7) after about a week the bottom started to come off so there was lots of dust under it I wouldn’t recommend
 The only thing I dislike about this product is that it didn’t completely fit my whole phone on the regular I phone 8 it was a bit smaller fit than the screen but it does protect and it’s a good product.
 Overall a great product, just the screen protector should be a bit wider to cover until the very edge of the screen, although I believe they build them like that so that the phone case does not interfere with the screen protector.
 Great product so far, no complaints.  I found there is a slight learning curve. I messed up the first one and had to throw it away. The second went on without any problems. I contacted the seller and had a full replacement within a few days. Excellent customer service. Highly recommend. Will purchase again.
 Awesome screen protector.  I was pleasantly surprised.  It almost feels like a thin piece of hard glass over your screen, but sensitive to the touch.  It does NOT hamper the touch screen in the slightest.  You can feel the sturdiness when you put it on your phone.  I'd definitely buy this again.
 It fits and works perfectly. I would add it is kind of hard to apply. But the outcome is satisfiable. The customer support did a superb job when I had an issue (while installing). I was surprised that they were attentive.
 My first one cracked. Ordered a different brand to replace it, and that brand was too thick and terrible. Took that one off after two days and reordered this product, as it had come back in stock. It is the easiest screen protector I've ever put on.
 This was one of the easiest protective films I've ever applied to a mobile device.  First time I've never gotten an air bubble when I applied the film.  Great product!
 I ordered the two-pack of these on 7/5/2016 and they arrived two days later (Prime) and in good condition.  I wanted to already have them on hand when I bought a pair of new iPhone 6S phones at our local Apple Store on 7/8/2016.  My wife and I read the instructions and watched the installation videos on TechMatte's website.  I carefully installed the screen protectors on our phones the moment we took them out of the box.  Hers went on perfectly.  On my phone, however, the lower-right corner of the screen protector had what looked like an air pocket spanning the entire corner. It did not disappear when applying direct pressure on this spot, nor could it be pushed out with the squeeze card.  It was as if the adhesive was missing from this corner of the screen protector, although it seemed to be firmly attached otherwise (photo attached).  This didn't affect the performance of the product, but was rather unsightly.<br/><br/>I contacted TechMatte customer service and they immediately shipped out a replacement order, which I received within five days.  The replacement protector went on perfectly and we've been enjoying our phones with no problems for the past six months…until now.<br/><br/>While watching TV last night (1/1/2017), my phone slipped down between the cushions on our La-Z-Boy sofa.  It's happened before and the phone would normally slide through and drop to the floor below the sofa.  On this occasion, though, it somehow got caught in the recliner mechanism and stuck there.  The 2nd &amp; 3rd attached photos show what the glass looked like when we finally got it loose from the La-Z-Boy.  I was certain that the display was ruined, but thankful that the entire phone didn't get folded in half!<br/><br/>I carefully peeled the screen protector off and my heart sank when I saw the same spiderweb lines criss-crossing the glass on the phone's display.  After going over the screen with an alcohol wipe, however, it became apparent that these lines were not cracks, but residual adhesive deposited onto the iPhone display along the screen protector's fracture lines.  Once this material was wiped away, the phone's display looked like brand new.<br/><br/>Since TechMatte had sent me a pair of replacement protectors to replace the defective one, I had a spare on-hand.  This morning, I reviewed the online video and discovered the new "rubber band &amp; hinge" method for installing the protector.  This turns out to be a much better way of ensuring proper alignment than trying to eyeball it, so installation only took a fraction of the time.  (I used painter's tape to make the hinge instead of the dust removal stickers recommended in the video.)  The phone now looks better than ever, since the screen protector alignment is absolutely perfect.<br/><br/>Would another brand of screen protector offer the same level of performance and outstanding customer service?  Possibly, but I'll never know, since this product has now proven itself and I have no intention of experimenting with a different brand when we get our next phones.  In fact, I just ordered another set of these so I'll have spares on hand in case disaster strikes again.
 I bought this 5 months ago and was extremely satisfied until today (so still not too bad as I tend to drop my phone often.)  First round of applying the screen protector went seamlessly (this is most definitely not my first rodeo on applying a protector) and it lasted for the past 5 months, not bad at all!  Like is said, I've dropped it many times (with a decent case that has a lip to protect the screen - not one of those cases that is almost flush with the phone itself as I am way to drop-prone for such cases.)  It cracked for the first time maybe a month ago but it was so slight that I kept forgetting to replace the it with the 2nd one that comes in the package. Up until this point i would say 4 stars for sure.  However, today, when I tried to be as perfect as the first time I applied the protector, I ended up with many (hard to count but at least 10 very small air bubbles.) It's extremely annoying to look at when my phone is not lit up but fine when it is lit.)  I'm not sure if I was just THAT much better the first time when I applied the protector or what but I am super bummed that I'm just not sure if it was worth the cost or if i should try another one for my next purchase... It was such a great deal for two...except it ended up being an okay deal for one.
 This screen protector was easy to apply, which I appreciated as they can be very frustrating to apply! It came with a wet wipe, a dry wipe, and a dust remover as well as sticker 'hinges' to place the glass that can also be used as dust removers. It looks, feels, and works great!
 Easy to install with informal instructions. I didn’t have any issues with air bubbles, I used the wipes provided and installed it in my bathroom after i let some hot water run to create some steam, as the instructions said that would help avoid air bubbles. Not sure how durable it is because I just installed it today, but so far no issues!
 Replaced my original vinyl screen protector that had served me well for two years but had begun to bubble and peel in the corners. This product is easy to install; uses preapplied adhesive, which means that it improves the integrity of the iPhone screen; feels incredibly smooth and response, just like the iPhone screen; and you can't beat the Prime price for this 2-pack.
 This screen protector is not made for the iPhone 8. The iPhone 8 has a curve to the screen that this protector is not made to fit. I gave it 3 stars because it does still work and do it's job, but it does not look nice on the phone due to all the edges being bubbled out. No matter how hard or long I press it will not stick.
 Overall, I like these protectors. However, my work phone protector just cracked without being dropped. I work from home and rarely move my phone from my desk. I'm sure it's just a fluke, but still very frustrating. I would still buy this product in the future.
 Would give a 0 if I could. Not glass. There was a fuzzy between the sheet protector on the sticky side so it won’t be flush against my phone. Returning.
 Dropped my phone on the concrete at a construction site.  Broke the screen protector but not the glass on my phone.  Highly recommend this product.
 Easy to install and excellent instructions and products to help the screen go on easily. Out one on an iPhone 7 and the other on a 6S
 This screen protector had no bubbles, and was invisible. This is rare! But, it is thick. That is probably why it covers the surface so evenly, but I found that it did not convey touch as well -- I would sometimes have to press image buttons a few times to get it to work (esp at the bottom of the screen), and I felt that the keyboard accuracy was a tad bit off. I felt it was also too slippery. I had to get a different, thinner one.
 I bought 2 packs (4 total) of these, because I like to have extras on hand, and went through all four in 2 days. None of the 4 screen protectors stuck to the edges of the iPhone 8, and as soon as I started using the phone with these on, dust started collecting under those edges. Really disappointed
 This tempered glass screen protector is the easiest ones I've ever applied. I didn't even read the instruction manual that comes with it, it's that easy!<br/>The 'wings' on both ends of the glass makes the application a breeze, as the cut out can be aligned precisely.<br/>This product comes with generous add-ons (i.e. 1 alcohol wipe, 6 dust removal stickers, 1 squeeze card and 1 installation manual) and of course 2 tempered glass screen protectors<br/><br/>Upon application, I can't feel any edges on the glass border, and that is a good thing. Also, there are no air bubbles appeared underneath upon the first contact, I'm not sure if it's due to the product or because I'm good at it! LoL<br/><br/>The photos below show how the screen protector looks like when I'm using it with <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/iPhone-6s-Plus-Case-Spigen-Extreme-Protection-Tough-Armor-Case-for-Apple-iPhone-6-Plus-iPhone-6s-Plus-Champagne-Gold/dp/B010MVQMY4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iPhone 6s Plus Case, Spigen  Extreme Protection] Tough Armor Case for Apple iPhone 6 Plus / iPhone 6s Plus - Champagne Gold</a>. The screen protector covers until the edge of the screen display, so there is still some exposed surface. Time will tell how it affects the unprotected areas of my iPhone<br/><br/>First impression, 5 stars from me!
 It fit perfectly and has added a nice touch to my screen. Makes me feel safe knowing there is an e tea level of protection.<br/><br/>I had trouble with the installation as I didn't realize that the tabs for removal was for the entire length not just the tabs. Once I solved that mystery it got perfectly!
 Great product. It sticks clean on the phone. No air bubbles inside. Looks very sturdy too. I had a small issue with the product and had to reorder. The seller was excellent. Communicated immediately and sent me a replacement quickly.
 Easy to fit. Looks thin after placing on the screen. Perfect tempered glass.
 I ordered this for my iPhone 6s because it clearly says that it is for sizes 6, 6s, 7, and 8, and when I got it it didn’t fit my phone. I checked again to see if I ordered the wrong one and even on the box it says for sizes 6, 6s, 7, and 8. Very unsatisfied and I highly advise against purchasing this item.
 I like this glass protector, much cheaper than some alternatives. My only thing is, I wish it would stick on longer. I feel like I have to replace mine every other month because the glue starts to unstick and creates bubbles under the protector. Thought it was just a fluke but it has done it every time and I have ordered about 5 of these now. Other than that, it does work. I'd give it 3.5 stars.
 Works great. I never have my phone without one of these on, these have saved my phone countless times.
 Easy to install on phone screen. Cracked very easy. Will not be using this brand again for screen protection
 Doesn't work for Iphone 8. The film doesn't stick to the  screen
 Works great and gives good protection for the phone.  It was easy to put on (my 12 year old daughter did it).
 I put these covers on our phones and my wife ended up dropping her phone. The screen hit directly on the corner of a shopping cart and a very large crack appeared all the way across the screen on her brand new phone. Fearing the worst, I took this protector off the phone screen and the protector was cracked but there was no damage whatsoever to the screen on the phone. Well worth the price. We bought another pack of these to replace the one that broke. Had we not had this protector on the phone we would be looking at replacing the screen on the phone.
 Great price, great value, and easy to install. The glass feels nice on the touchscreen, so much better than my previous plastic screen cover and it looks much more clear as well. I've only had it for a few days but so far so good!
 Nice quality, fits the IPHONE 7 perfect, and easy to install.
 It’s weird. Things like dust get under the screen protector.
 Works well product as described. No touch screen issues.
 Depending on your case, these protectors are awesome. I had one case where they cracked very shortly after dropping the phone (I blame the case). I changes the glass after some glass shards began to detach and after getting a new case the glass protector did not crack after dropping phone. In both cases, the phone glass never broke which was the purpose of the protector. The screen protector did it's job.
 Woah! Freaked out when my screen appeared to be cracked! My cousin peeled off the protector ( I was freaking more! ).  I ordered these replacements and voile! Fixed! Perfect! Love! Happy!
 I bought this earlier this year for a new iPhone. A couple weeks ago, I dropped the phone against something that ought to have broken the screen. It worked perfectly! the packages comes with 2 screen protectors, but I had given one away. I happily bought another package. Well worth the price!
 The best screen protector I've ever purchased. It was easy to install, no bubbles, no dust. I am still so amazed how easy it was to install because I always struggled with other screen protectors, having to put them on and then off because it was not lined up or to many bubbles. It would take me forever! Not anymore! This one only took me 2 minutes (that includes unwrapping). Couldn't be happier with my purchase.
 Great quality and price! Very pleased with purchase.
 protector was installed perfect by my husband, that already have a lot of installs done, and both sides of the protector glass, don't get stick to the screen. This is installing on a brand new Iphone 7, 32G.  he make sure it was center as instructions recommend and warn you; but still not 100% good, i wonder with time might get better or most probably start getting dirty and peeling out.
 It doesn’t fit perfectly on my iPhone 8. The width is slightly too small. I can see where the protective film ends on my screen when I look at my phone from the side. It shows up as a colored line near the edge of the screen.
 super easy to install. like the easiest I have ever used. no bubbles. It was prefect the first time... highly recomend
 Comes with everything you need to effectively clean, prep, and apply the screen protector. The tempered glass went on quickly and easily, without bubbles!
 The screen protector glass arrived promptly.  It was easy to apply and the kit came with everything needed to clean the screen before applying the glass protector.  It fit well on my Iphone 6s. I am very happy with the product.
 The screen protector was easy to apply and is just as good as the one I purchased from my cell phone service provider and is about 1/3 the cost. Also, I ordered the wrong size. The company shipped the correct size the day I inquired about exchanging the screen protector. I'm impressed with the product and the outstanding customer service.
 Product was exactly as described, came in perfect condition.  Fast shipping, would definitely order again.
 Literally the best phone case I have ever had! It's hard clear plastic on the back with tough/flexible rubber sides. I've had it for over and week on my brand new iPhone 6s and have dropped it two times on concrete already. NO nicks or scratches AT ALL! The surrounding rubber edges completely covers the volume and lock buttons which keeps it safe from water/dirt. It's super thin but SO protective and literally bounces when you drop your phone. It's so invisible that people ask me why I don't have a case on my brand new phone all the time. I'm going to be ordering a few more just in case, although I'm sure this one will probably last a very long time.
 The product included easy directions and was cheaper than buying from same place as the iPhone. I liked that it included 2 screen protectors (either save one or use on another phone).
 The installation was pretty easy.  I feel my phone is protected and that makes me less worried.
 These worked better than other tempered glass screen protectors I’ve used in the past. Would purchase again.
 To start this review I'd like it to be known that I am a no case guy. It's stupid I know but what ever feeling like a bad ass comes with a price. Anyways, the first day I had the screen protector on I dropped the SOB screen facing down and like magic everything was all good in the hood.
 i recently bought a new iphone 8 and i wanted it to last so i bought these “glass” screen protector for extra insurance. that was a big mistake.  today i dropped my phone and cracked the screen so i took off the protector so i could put on a new one and saw that my phones screen was also cracked!!! i am very mad and disappointed. definitely never buying from this brand ever again.
 Love the price.  Hopefully I won't have to test it out and drop the phone, but glad it's on there...<br/>I'm a Pittsburgh girl myself, so I hope your company takes off and keeps on going!
 Fits well.  Using care I was able to install it without bubbles.  Recommend using the sticker as a hinge to make sure the screen saver is positioned correctly.  The packaging is not great but mine arrived OK.  The screen just barely covers the viewable area so there are no issues with the curve at the edge of the phone.
 This is my second purchase for my second phone. Good products does what it suppose to do
 This is a quality screen protector.  It not only comes with a film protector on both sides so no dirt can get on it, but comes with a wet and dry wipe to clean you IPhone before you put the protector on.  It has very easy to understand instructions to help you place the screen protector properly on the phone.  I am very happy with this product!
 Best tempered glass screen protector I've ever used. Really happy with this purchase. Easy to install, just read the instructions. No issues with screen sensitivity on my iPhone 6s. Would definitely recommend and I don't normally write reviews but I just got this and had to give it praise!
 Have bought these before...easy to install, smugges clean up for s crystal clear view of screen. One time I dropped on corner of sidewalk and the protective glass broke but phone screen did not scratch...removed and place new protective glass on phone...works great.
 Received this product last week or so and it definitely has its ups and downs. It comes with items to help you easily apply it on your phone and it did help me. The screen is thinner than I expected. The order comes with two screens which is really handy since my first one already scratched up since my keys hit it by accident. The screen is, I suppose, slightly fragile since my keys only hit it once and it already damaged it. So if you purchase this just keep in my mind that it may not be suitable if you do not have a case and you drop your phone often.
 I purchased this a month ago and waited to put it on and wish I hadn’t because I just realized it doesn’t fit my iPhone 8. The sticky side makes it so where the camera hole would be on the right side of the speaker and not the left. I’ve purchased this before and it saved my phone, but I’m unable to use it before it will cover my camera.
 I got a pack of 2 for a 6s iPhone. It lasted the entire duration of the phone with maybe 3 scratches. Normally that kind of thing would bother me but it was worth keeping this protector on. I’m now using the second protector for my new phone, and I’m so glad I still have it! These are seriously so great.
 Easiest screen protector to put on your phone.  Has tabs to hold onto to make sure you don't touch the sticky side of the protector.  Highly advise buying this brand!!
 Well, this worked like a charm.  We purchased this item while waiting for a permanent case for my daughter's new iPhone 6.  She immediately placed one of the sheets on her phone and thank goodness.  Two days later she dropped the phone, face down, in the grocery store.  I almost strangled her until she showed me the face of her phone.  The sheet was cracked, but it did its job and protected the glass on the phone.  When she peeled off the sheet the glass face was pristine!  Lucky for her.
 I like the clear tabs on the end making it easy to install but compared to another brand I've used, this one seems to crack and chip on the edges more easily.
 Very easy to apply.  Much better than other products I have used.  The tabs make a big difference.
 Slim and strong protector for the iPhone. This glass fits great and the touch screen functions remain perfect. The package included everything needed for a good install-cleaners etc. the install was simple and quick!
 I bought this for my girls phones who have a habit of dropping them and breaking their screens. These do a nice job of protecting phone. Also, screen is easy to apply and looks nice.
 After trying another brand I was skeptical about this one, but it came exactly as stated. The demo and the included instructions made installation pretty easy. I did however get a couple of pin head size bubbles, but they are not in an area of the screen that shows much. Might have been my nervousness due to doing this for the first time. I would definitely recommend this product as it does what is says, and is easy to install
 The protector was easy to install,and very good quality. Arrived quickly. They also emailed me an instructional quick video on how to install.
 Very good. I've dropped my phone several times (with a case). No cracks. I recently dropped it on its edge and the screen protector cracked instead of the phone screen. Did the trick, I'll buy it again.
 I’m very happy with this product. The first time I bought it was based on price, the second was because of ease of application, and this last time was because I trust the product. I would highly recommend techmatte screen protector based on price, ease of application, durability, and overall design. Great product.
 This is the best screen protector I have ever gotten that I’ve applied myself. No bubbles. The tabs on the ends make it much easier to apply!
 Honestly this is my second time buying it. I'm a big klutz so I drop my phone a lot. The first time I bought I broke the first screen before putting it on (I bent it too far) the second one lasted months because it dropped too much and kept cracking. I did leave it on my phone while cracked and it still protected my phone. I bought again and have had this screen on my phone for two months. No scratches, dents, or cracks
 It works great and looks good on the phone.  Should supply the protection that is needed.
 I must say that I was skeptical because of the price. They were easy to install and do so correctly. My grandson dropped his phone and instant panic. I peeled the screen back and no damage to the phone. I had a spare shield, so I installed it and we are PROTECTED again. Thanks
 Great product, goes on easy, I have bought several. The tabs that help you align it are what sells the product for me.
 Good product. Protects cell phone as advertised.
 This was fairly easy to put on my iPhone. The face of my phone is perfect however I did get a couple of small bubbles (not really noticeable) close to the home button.<br/>But overall I am happy with the product.
 Worked like everyone said. Even the website. Wicked easy to put on. And right on time. Glad I read all the reviews!
 Easy to install. Because of the curved edge of the iPhone 6, it leaves a very minimal gap around the edges where the glass does not adhere. Not a problem for me with my Otter Commuter case. If you don't have a case that is above the screen face, it could be an issue.
 The screen protector fit decently, no bubbles or anything of the sort. I was originally VERY happy with my purchase, and then I dropped my phone, with a protective case on it; it fell screen down onto concrete. At first I didn't sweat it because a tempered glass screen protector is supposed to help keep your screen from cracking, right? I thought so at least. I picked up my phone to see my screen; not my screen protector, was shattered. DO NOT buy this product if you have a history of dropping your phone, it will not resist from cracks or scratches due to it being smaller than the actual screen. I am VERY unhappy and will not be buying from this company again.
 We have always bought the Zagg screen protectors, and wanted a cheaper option for my 15 year old son who is extremely hard on his phone.  So far, these are holding up very well!  They seem just as sturdy and strong, if not stronger, and for a much better price.
 bought these accidentally (I needed 8 plus) but gave them to my brother in law who uses them!
 I love this screen protector. I've dropped my phone a lot so yeahh it's gotten a couple hairline cracks, but it's never shattered &amp; has been strong enough that my actual phone screen has stayed protected every time
 I’ve had this on phone less than 2 weeks and I already have a visible line(scratch or crack) across my entire screen.
 This screen protector is exactly as it’s described. The installation video they recommend is extremely helpful. It is very easy to install because of the Installation handles. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for a screen protector.
 These shields are way to install, durable and once installed super clear. You won’t even know they are there!
 Just like any other screen protector however I do appreciate the cut out hole for the front camera an appt of them tend to cover the camera lens. They offer 2 free warranty replacements I believe if you crack them from normal use and ship them to you within a week. So props to an excellent product and customer service!
 the screen film is not glass, but it does apply very well and leaves no bubbles, initially it is messy, once it dried and cleaned it looks and works great, no change in screen sharpness or sensetivity to touch, no accident happened yet so I can't comment on its protective features
 Stiff tempered glass screen protector. It comes with a screen cleaning kit and detailed installation directions, and even a second protector. I put it on my new iPhone right away. Offers great protection with no issues in visibility or use.
 Protect my new I Phone 8.  Everything went as expected.......
 There are special handles to place the glass on your phone. I’ve had it on for one day so I can’t comment on the long term quality but it currently looks great!!
 An incredibly HIGH quality screen protector. Crystaline clear--extremely scratch and scuff resistant. Superb engineering! I have seen NO better quality screen protector anywhere--esp for the cost. Customer service is first-rate: Prompt and courteous. The caution: Be exceedingly careful to follow install instructions. Any dust in the air may get in between the shield and your screen. Once I got it on properly- Voila' !
 Works perfectly!  I had to use mine after I dropped my case with the proper screen protection.  My screen still works, and I have a second to place on the screen once I can afford to get it repaired.
 I have used glass protectors on my iphone for years and have never been able to install myself without making a mess.  The video and available product helped install this one with no problems.  Thanks so much for sending the video.
 Good instructions - everything you need included with the packet.  Easy to apply and best of all fingerprint resistant.  Overall a very good product.
 Excellent product. It was exactly what I was looking for. Fit the phone perfectly and I can say I was very pleased with my purchase.
 Tech Matte sent a video on how to install the screen protector, which was very helpful.  The screen protector does not affect my touch on the phone.  I do not have to press any harder with the screen protector than I did before I had it on my phone.
 This protector has a clear picture .  While applying i dropped it but was able to save the over and wipe off the dirt and still apply with great success. I did get a medium size air bubble but i was able to work that out even the next day with no adhesive issues. Very happy with this product will purchase in the future.
 This screen protector was very easy to install on my phone. Seems very durable. Would definitely recommend.
 Although I do think the product is performing it's task of protection my phone glass, my last screen protector lasted a little over a year before it needed to be replaced. This screen protector, although I followed the instructions perfectly, has already started to lift on the edges and now has air pockets.  I have only had a few months, so that's disappointing.
 Probably the easiest install of a screen protector—ever. Great price for two screens!
 This is a great product!  It was the easiest screen protector I have ever put on, with absolutely no problems!  It popped right on, with only a very few air bubbles, and they were easily removed either the provided card! I highly recommend this product to everyone!
 Case fits well on my iPhone 7. All ports and switches are accessible. Buttons are responsive. It's a really good looking case. Pretty much a direct color match for the matte black iPhone. I just wish the lip was a little higher to provide more protection for the screen and camera lens.
 Love the screen protector. Not smudgey, wipes easy...no scratches..perfect!!<br/>Not enthused with the protector not covering the entire front facing but I'm ok with it... Would like to see the entire phone covered but I don't think that will happen which is fine. I keep my phone squeaky clean;)
 New phone had to be protected like the old. After two years with a simple cover and this screen protectors my phone was like brand new when I turned it in.
 Good product so far. I ordered this in particular because it said it did not go clear to the edge. My previous glass protector went to the edge but kept lifting up because of interference from my case. This one fits perfect.
 This screen protector is a waste of money. My husband has applied multiple screen protectors and knows what he’s doing. It didn’t go on smoothly and he had to spend 10 minutes completely the application. After a day or two the corners aren’t sealed and it’s already coming off. Look elsewhere.
 Works as advertised. Easy to install with enough cleaners and instructions to get a good result. Video link is to a better set of instructions than are included in the package. Just watch that instead.
 Easy to install.  Still ok on one phone but already cracked on my husbands. He is very hard on his phone, so it probably saved it.  Going to order another pack for him
 I was scared after reading the reviews, but I've learned people are clueless sometimes🤔....yes the screen protector doesn't come to the edge of the 6s phone, but it's clearly not designed to, it fits perfectly around the home button, and camera eye on top....easy to put on, and hopefully it will prevent my screen from cracking b/c I drop my phone a lot! Lol
 As stupid as it may sound I dropped my phone down a sewer/drainer for the rain or whatever and it was atleast a 5 foot drop and I saw it land directly on the screen, a day later I got my<br/>Phone out, peeled off the screen protector  and it was good as new, very glad I bought this item, I’ve literally used 4 of their screens ( 2 orders ) and I’m just about to get some more, VERY WORTH IT
 Great product. Easy to install. Last one lasted me 2 years before it just wore out. 2 pack gets you 4 years of protection! Don't hesitate, buy it now!
 The glass on my Speck case got a crack after only a few months.  Yes, it was still in warranty but by the time I shipped it to them, it was less expensive to buy this 2-pack of glass protectors that fit exactly the same.  It was so EASY to install with no air bubbles!  Great product and great price!
 Fast shipping. The item arrived in perfect condition. It was easy to apply and I like that there are two in the package in case the first one ends up cracking in the future. My last phone I purchased the $40 glass protector from Verizon and it had a crack in it within days!
 Works great and is easy to remove and put back on.
 I have been using many ballistic glass screen protectors for my various phones over the years.  Until using this product most were satisfactory installations that took a bit of work to get the bubbles out of the glass-to-glass mating.This product provides excellent handles on both ends of the film that protects the glass until it is installed.  These handles allow you to align and perfectly place the screen protector.  I will continue to use this product on all my familys phones.  Thanks TECHmatte for a GREAT product !
 We ordered two screen protectors, one for my phone and one for my husbands. One of them went on fine, but the other had a couple of dust bubbles, even though my husband followed the instructions while applying. It is not a huge deal, but not 100% perfect either. Overall, we are happy with the product.<br/><br/>I updated my review to 5 stars because I was contacted by the company to ensure my happiness with the product.  They ended up shipping us a replacement for the screen protector that went on with bubbles.  Good product, great customer service.
 i like that techmate is concern if i'm satisfied with it. i haven't put it on yet; but i'm confident that the product will do the job. thanks
 This screen protector is great.  The installation is easier than any I have used before.  I had not issues.  Also, a pleasant surprise is that my finger glides across the screen with almost no resistance at all.  The screen is also very clear.  I would recommend this product to anyone.
 Seems OK but 1 day after installing I can see where it's separating from the phone screen. I have another screen protector and it has a lifetime warranty... so I'm happy...
 Great price and great quality! I always drop my phone and this has literally saved my screen a hundred times!
 As you can see from the photo it is far too small for my iPhone.
 Very easy to install and came with everything you need for two screen protectors. Would definitely buy again, especially considering that I was charged $30 at the Verizon store, this is a great deal!!!
 Very high quality best protector ... at the touch of fingers reacts very quickly and intuitively. iPhone 6s 3D Touch works perfectly. All the menu, video, picture displayed crystal clear ... This tread has a hole for the front camera is very good for me. I am recommend!
 It’s works, easy to apply and it looks good. Very happy with my purchase. Will buy more when need it again. Will highly recommend it.
 I've dropped my iPhone 7 so many times and have yet to have a single issue. This screen protector is fantastic! My Mom bought a similar one for $40, but this one seems to be the same quality and I have 2 of them for the fraction of the price! Highly recommend!
 It works but noticed that it does get chipped on the side...it still protects the iPhone but would have been better if it did not chip so easily. Would probably still order more since it still protects the iPhone's screen and the price is great for getting 2.
 I love this product. I really like the glass type screen protectors vs the ones that are like a sticker, this was somewhat difficult to put on and I couldn't get out all of the bubbles when I first put it on, but the came out within a few hours of regular use. I would buy again!
 This product works perfectly and fit my phone like a glove. I love that it comes in a two-pack so I'll have an extra one for when the time comes. It's been a few months since I've applied it to my phone and it's still holding strong.
 Pretty easy to install, no bubbles and it is super clear! Bought a different brand before this one it was more expensive and it was crap. Just stick with this product, best option hands down! Be sure to register you order they will replace them under their lifetime warranty.
 Installation was straightforward with no issues. Product comes with two screen protectors and all the wipes, cloths, stickers, and tabs necessary to make installation easy without air bubbles. I've dropped my phone several times on hard surfaces and this protector has always kept my screen safe.
 Saved my phone a ton of times .  A must have<br/>Easy to use.  And it works I promise.
 So far so good. It’s a very nice screen protector for the money. Be patient with putting it on your phone and clean the screen well.
 It was great at first. Felt good, looked good/ showed off the back very nicely! But after dropping it from short range (1-3ft)  once or twice, the back screen clear protector became very scratched, and no longer looks good. At all. I expected this case to last much longer than a few months.... Unsatisfied
 This product is great. However, dust builds up and gets stuck in the camera and microphone hole. Little pieces of dust and hair also stick to the edges of the protector. It doesn't make the protector bad, but it makes your phone look dirty.
 This is my second time purchasing this protector because it's so awesome. Like what other reviews said, this protector is clear and hard. I'm a careless person and I always break my phones. My last iPhone 6 Plus was broken in only half year. I bought iPhone 7 last fall and the same thing happened: I dropped it several times and the screen broke. But when I changed my protector I found that my phone did not hurt a bit! The photo is the old protector and I just bought a new one and changed it. Without this cover my phone should be broken now. Good product!!!
 One of the best covers I’ve had, it my third different kind on this phone and it’s my favorite one so far
 As many of my other reviews have said, this screen protector has protected my phone from costly repairs multiple times; lifetime warranty is also a breeze to register and fulfill!
 Works as advertised. I followed the instructions exactly and got a good fit, no issues so far (though I've only been using it for a day). Way better than the plastic screen protectors which are optically not as clear, I love that this is glass.
 My wife and I just purchased new I7 phones.  I was hesitant to spend big bucks at the phone store to have them add screen protection.  I found these via Amazon at a very reasonable price for a two pack - perfect!  A little tricky to install correctly but if you pay attention to the instruction detail and take your time the result is great.  I would definitely purchase again for our next phones.
 I ordered this for an iphone 7. Did not even fit, was definitely wrong size. Had to order another one from a different brand. I kept them to put on a different size iphone we have, but was unnecessary.
 This one was a bit small on my phone but other than that i am pleased with it. The screen is clear and application was pretty easy. I haven't dropped my phone much (thank goodness) so idk how well it protects but it's doing its job so far.
 I would really suggest putting the screen protector on in a place where there's minimal dust. Even with the dust stickers, there was noticeable dust on the screen still that caused bubbles the first time I put it on. Luckily, there was a second screen protector so I could start fresh, but even being extremely careful the second time, it took a couple tries to get it how I wanted it. Once it was on and straightened out the bubbles immediately went away. After a couple weeks of protection and small drops, my phone is doing great. Only small issue is the tough sensitivity in the corners is a little diminished but nothing serious.
 I purchased one of these directly from my Sprint store after getting my iPhone. It held up for over a year. While it did get some minor cracks, my phone screen was completely saved. I drop my phone a lot and these things will take the fall themselves and save your screen. After I’m done with this 2 pack I plan to purchase more.
 Absolutely love it great replacement great price
 This is a great screen protector. Easy to apply. Crystal clear view. No bubbles. Forgiving too. My first attempt at applying was just slightly off. After two days of use, I was able to lift up and better position with no lint or bubbles underneath.
 It doesn't fit around the edges. I don't recommend it.
 Awesome quality except I thought I was ordering for a plus and got regular size protectors
 I ordered this tempered glass screen protector for my iPhone 7. The screen protector does not cover the phone to the edges, but that is because of the curvature of the phone screen itself. If you carefully apply the screen protector and center it, it perfectly covers and protects your iPhone.<br/><br/>The screen protector was easy to apply. I did not have any problems with air bubbles forming while applying the screen protector.<br/>And it fits perfectly with my case.<br/><br/>I am very satisfied with my purchase.
 The product comes with cleaning kits and dust stickers. The screen protector is actually very firm. Easy to put on and comfortable to use.
 The product did exactly what you hope it will do... as I was getting out of my car, my phone fell directly on the driveway.  - The screen protector broke, but the screen on my phone was perfect.  I had an extra at home, so I immediately put the new one on, which was the easiest installation I've ever had for a screen protector.  And now I am ordering another set, for the next unexpected 'drop'.
 Looks great on my phone and was super easy to apply!
 Slipped from my hand, hit the lower right corner on the floor, and my iphone screen cracked. I was sitting on the floor. Had the protector on, which I used 2 months. Don’t bother to reply, I’m too busy trying to save up to buy a new phone.
 I’ve used their products before.  Work great especially for the price.
 I have bought this screen protector package twice. One time I dropped my phone and the screen protector cracked, but not my actual screen. I assume it is because the screen protector absorbed some of the impact energy, potentially saving me the replacement of the entire screen.<br/><br/>Additionally, when the screen protector shipped produced a sort of "halo effect" due to my iphone screen, they sent me another protector that worked on my phone without this effect.
 I had a real Doh! moment and literally threw my iPhone 8 onto an asphalt street. Everyone gasped. Picked up my iPhone and my heart sank seeing all the spidering on the screen! Got home and pull off this TechMatte screen protector to find a completely UNDAMAGED iPhone. Put a new on right away!  Going to post kudos for my Urban Armor Gear Plyo case for the great assist. Thx!
 Love these covers. Easy to put on. Smooth to the touch when using the phone. My last cover took and incredible beating and kept my phone screen completely safe. Beats the super expensive covers sold at the phone store.
 Wow, this is a nice product! To be honest I wasn't expecting all that much but this surpassed my expectations. It's some heavy duty protection. Not only that, this was probably the easiest screen protector to install than any I've ever tried. Just follow the directions, take your time and you'll get a perfect fit with no bubbles! Glad this came with two screen protectors but if I run out or need another one this will be the one I'll get.
 I just received this product today so can't comment on the longterm effectiveness, however installation was a breeze for me. I would recommend going to the company's website and watching the short video. The instructions explain that the protector is smaller than the face of the phone due to the curved edges of the iPhone 7 and I don't see this being an issue.
 Really like the quality of this screen protector!  I would tell everyone.....BUY IT!!!
 I normally don't take time to review anything that I buy on Amazon but this screen protector is the best one I've ever purchased. As long as your screen is clean using the wipes provided and you don't touch the adhesive side before putting it on, you'll get a perfect or near perfect screen protector without any annoying bubbles. I particularly like the way they provided two end tabs to hold onto the screen protector as you position it on your phone. Genious! I've had my iPhone 6 for almost 3 years and it looks brand new.
 the video was so helpful... the screen just installed itself on  clean surface.  I love that it is glass so it cleans beautifully. I felt like I was in business with TechMatte... their support is stellar!!
 Great product for the price! I drop my phone a lot and the screen protector doesn’t crack easily, but when it does it is easy to replace and the screen itself has remained in perfect condition for almost 2 years.
 These had good directions and were easy to apply.
 I bought this for my wife's iPhone 6S after reading the reviews and comparing to others on Amazon.<br/>I was very impressed with the price for a 2-pack, and the quality is great too.<br/>This was very easy to install - I didn't even have to take the case off since she has a bumper style case and the glass doesn't go all the way to the edges - which is great for cases that wrap around to the front like an Otterbox, etc.<br/>The glass installed with no bubbles - you just need to make sure to get all dust and specs off your phone with the supplied cleaning materials.  Lining up the glass takes a little bit of care and a steady hand, but it wasn't difficult at all.  It's pretty forgiving if you put part of it down and need to lift it back up as long as you don't place the full glass down.  I misaligned it the first time, but only on one end, and I was able to pull it off and start over with no problems.  I got it on the second shot and it is on there securely.  The feel of the glass is like the actual iPhone glass, and I have a spare ready to in case the first one gets scratched or broken.
 I wasn't paying attention and purchased the regular iPhone size, not for my 7 Plus. So, I installed on my moms phone, which was the right size.  They give you EVERYTHING you need to clean, prepare and install 2 protectors. Very easy to use, and has zero impact on image quality, use or screen sensitivity. Highly recommend.
 I like that there are handles on the protective screen to help you guide it into place. This helps you keep from accidentally getting fingerprints on the protector.
 Yes! This was so easy to apply and no bubbles!!! I must admit I'm terrible at lining the protector up but at least it's on my phone and it's protected. I'll let you know how well it protects my screen if I ever drop my phone... Definitely recommend!
 This is a great screen protector! I really like it on my phone. It feels really smooth and strong. There are lots of tools inside the package for proper installation.
 I always use tempered glass screen protectors on my phone, they've saved my screen so many times, love how this company is nicely priced with skimping on quality, plus they are super easy to put on!
 One thing I loved about these screen protectors is that the edges stuck down nicely. Some of the screen protectors I have purchased previously from other sellers for whatever reason the edges just would not stick down and you can see that and how messy it looked around the edges always bothered me and I'm sure it also affected how well they actually protected the screen. Best glass screen protectors I have used yet and great value.
 Great product!!!<br/>Easy installation. Comes with all the tools you need to clean and prep your phone. States it has a 30-day money back guarantee and a limited lifetime warranty.<br/>Fits my iphone7 perfectly. It goes just to the edges of the black of the screen.<br/>Great clarity of the screen protector. Very satisfied!
 I put one screen protector on my phone, and one on my mom's, and they both broke within a week. I normally have a great experience with this brand of screen protectors, but neither of us dropped our phones and they still managed to crack.
 Good value and excellent product, as advertised. Very quick shipping. Exactly what I was looking for. There's a leaning curve re how to install these (I cracked the first one) so I was glad I ordered the double back. No need to buy a more expensive product, these are great!
 For the price? You can't beat it. It has served mine and my husbands phones well. Leaving our screens intact and only letting the protector crack. It gets the job done and I certainly will be purchasing more of these in the future!
 This has held up to a couple  of accidental phone drops on concrete. As carefully as I followed directions to install, I ended up with bubbles. However, before I even realized it, after a couple of days, they had all smoothed out somehow. I would buy again if needed.
 Quite easy to apply to screen with all the tools one needs along with directions provided. Quality merchandise and a great price.
 Used this product to replace my old screen protector and was pleasantly impressed with the quality of the glass provided.  I had gone without a protector for a few days and after application of this product i could not tell the difference between no protector and protector in terms of glass feel and touch repsonse
 Fits perfectly, easy to apply and great value! I love these screen protectors and won’t be buying them from anywhere else. Highly recommended!
 i've ordered from this company numerous times. my son and i have the same phone. i've only had to replace the glass once but my son, who drops the phone on a regular basis, has had to replace the protector many times. first, the product is very affordable so my son's dropping habit doesn't break the bank. second, the screen protector does its job. the phone has never been damaged thanks to the protector. i fully recommend this product.
 Easy to install and works perfectly...came with everything necessary to do the install too... and when that one gets scratched I have the second one in the package for replacement - great product I highly recommend
 These screen protectors were easy to apply and work really well.  The only problem I have is that they leave about an 1/8" all of the way around the phone still exposed.  That is probably to account for the phone's curved edge.  It does cover the black part of the screen just barely so if you're off just a little bit, you might want to reapply.
 maybe the outer frame can design as transparent not black.
 I’ve been using this product for a couple years now and could’ve happier with it.
 Best screen protector I’ve ever had. I actually usually don’t like screen protectors because they seem to make my touch screen harder to use. However, this one is so smooth it actually seems to make it work better (if that’s possible). Application was super easy too. Great product.
 So far, so good! I loved the clear instructions; the screen protector was super easy to apply.  I paid $40 for a glass screen protector from T-Mobile that cracked the first time I dropped my phone. This one is much cheaper and so far is even better! Plus I like having an extra one on hand just in case :)
 So far the screen protector is great, it has already sustained a dropping and all is good. The only thing that I would improve on it is the screen coverage. It barley covers the actual screen and leaves a gab on the sides between the phone case and protector which will allow for debris to collect.
 Great quality, awesome warranty, and amazing customer service. We always buy from Techmatte.
 The cover was easy to install with simple instructions and two different types of wipes to do a very clean job. I did not give it a 5 because i find the cover to be a bit too narrow. It barely covers the with of the active screen on my iPhone 6 and I wished it would go over some of the white area for little better protection. It still does the job and will be using most likely the two screens offered. The price is right:)
 Very easy to apply and great quality!<br/>***** update<br/>I closed the lid of my trunk on my phone (don't ask) and it was officially locked shut. Thank the high heavens this screen saver shattered and NOT one issue with my phone!!! Ordered again riiiiigt now!
 Overall great screen protector. It doesn’t leave the super wide gaps around my screen and it truly does it’s job. This is my second time purchasing this in the last year and a half, as I’ve dropoed my phone and the screen protector has cracked where it just annoys me. Would highly recommend for product and price.
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/iPhone-7-6S-6-Screen-Protector-Glass-amFilm-iPhone-7-Tempered-Glass-Screen-Protector-for-Apple-iPhone-7-iPhone-6S-iPhone-6-2016-2015-2-Pack/dp/B01415QHYW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iPhone 7 6S 6 Screen Protector Glass, amFilm iPhone 7 Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 6S, iPhone 6 2016, 2015 (2-Pack)</a><br/><br/>This product is a must get. I ordered the wrong size and this company quickly to responded to me. The correct protect was mailed to me in three days. It was easy to place on my phone perfectly. In addition, you receive an extra cover if you mess up. I will continues to buy products from company and tell my family and friends.
 It was just what I expected. This is the glass  that I have installed on my son's iPhone before. Comes with great instructions and all items needed to prepare surface. Glass is very easy to install with tabs in correct places.<br/><br/>Chris
 Love how it doesn’t seem to show finger prints, it is one of the best glass protectors I’ve ever bought.
 First screen protector I've actually bought and installed myself. Normally I have the people at my phone store put them on because I'm not very good at it. Overall a very good product for the price. You get 2 screen protectors, this little piece of either hard paper or plastic to smooth out air bubbles, 2 alcohol wipes to clean your screen, and 2 other wipes to dry your screen after you clean it. Very easy directions to follow. Biggest question is how it will hold up.
 This is a quality screen protector, packaged with all you need for installation. It includes two protectors, cleaning supplies, dust removers, and air bubble remover. Detailed instructions are included. Includes warranty for two replacements if you need them due to your accidentally incurred damage. A great deal at a great price.
 I ordered the screen protector and put it on my iPhone 8, and it cracked the next day, from my CAT lying down on it!  The cat had its body not even completely on it, and it was only for 5 minutes.  I have never heard of tempered glass that is ON the phone breaking from a cat lying on it.  Wouldn’t recommend.  For anyone wondering, the crack goes all the way across the phone.
 Great product for the money. If you need a simple screen protector and don't want to pay $30 then this is a real buy. Easy to install, and you get two protectors! I am very satisfied and will buy again.
 This screen protector has done well this far. The price was excellent and for two! I brought this same product different brand from my phone carrier's store for $20 and it cracked within the first two days. Thank you for a well made product.
 While I have not had the protector long enough to rate its durability, so far I am very happy with it. The packaging was very good. The company sent me a link to watch an installation video. This has been the easiest protector I have ever installed. No bubbles! Easy to line up! Feels super-smooth. We'll see how it holds up.
 THIS IS AN AMAZING PRODUCT!!!<br/>I dropped my phone and I was SO upset because the screen cracked... turns out it was this protector that cracked, not my actual phone screen.<br/>It saved my brand new phone!!! I was able to remove the cracked stick on screen and put on another one. Really Great Product.
 Very easy to put on and much more sensitive than cheap ones I had one. Still very good price and I have an extra. Awesome company.
 Overall a good product that i have been a repeat buyer of but this time one of them came cracked.
 Applying the film to the phone was easier than I expected, but still needs to be done very carefully to get it lined up well with the small cut-outs for the camera and microphone. The surface is very smooth and clear. As noted by others, the film does not extend over the curved edge of the phone, but this seems preferable to have the edge of the film firmly adhered to the surface instead of peeling along the curved edge.
 Would buy again no one is having provlems with their screen protector a must buy.
 got it for my work phone since the otterbox i got with it was just too insanely bulky to use.
 Screen protector came as described; comes with cleaning wipes and very detailed youtube instructions for putting it on your phone. TBD on if it protects my phone as I haven't dropped it (knock on wood).
 Purchased because of positive reviews, but very disappointed. It does not cover top surface, leaving perimeter edges vulnerable. Despite carefully following instructions, I still have a bubble that will not go away. Not as good as Zagg.
 The screen helped keep my cracks to a minimum and protected very well.  You could see the screen damage when I changed it out but the phone screen itself was still smooth and free from any scratches because the protector obsorbed the damage. High quality and value.
 This glass screen protector is decent for its job, but it cracks so easily and is thin. But the otter box brand glass protector lasted me MUCH longer than these
 It says one thing, but is completely the other. I ordered the case that said it fits 6s,7, and 8 by itd be a tiny bit smaller. NOT only was it half the size of my phone but it wasn’t even sticky enough.
 Priced less than half what you'd pay at the cell phone store and you get two which is huge for me because I beat the heck out of my phone and a back up is great!  Also they provide and great instructional video for the install and all the necessary wipes and lint tape
 Simple to apply, comes with all the stickers and wipes you need to get the pro fit at very reasonable price.<br/>We love these. Have them on all our phones and tablets. Cut outs are well sized. The finish is great and cleans well.
 I always make sure to have these in stock and ready for use. Love these
 I have purchased this Atleast 3 times and overall they’re great. However, with my last order I accidentally dropped my phone and there was a small pen sized cracked, I checked to see if it was my phone and in that process the screen protector shattered. I received an email from TechMatte to get a review from my last order and I told them what had happened and I got a replacement screen protector free of charge.
 I loved this screen protector, not only because of the price, but because it was so easy to install!!!<br/>I read a review of screen protectors that said you do not have to pay a lot to get a good screen protector and they recommended this brand.  I will definitely buy Tech Matte in the future.
 I was very pleased with the fast delivery.  The company reached out right away to see if I had any questions or issues (I didn’t).  This product is so easy to install that it almost installs itself!  It is high quality and I know it will last!
 Great protector. Comes with two in case you “mess up”, which i did. So far has hels up much better than the previous more expensive brand i had on my last iPhone.
 Screen protector is as advertised and arrived quickly.  It was packaged appropriately and was easy to install.
 I love this product! Easy to apply, reasonable price and does what it's supposed to do. I originally thought I would hate this on my phone but I don't even notice it anymore. This would have saved me so much money on my old phone!
 Protector applied, phone put in pocket; 15 minutes later, phone removed from pocket, screen protector cracked. I don't get it, brand new phone, brand new screen protector. Guess they don't make them like they used to.
 This is the best and easiest screen protector I have ever used!
 Very easy to install and looks great. Very happy with this product!
 I bought this to replace the previous tempered glass screen protecter that had been cracked. I've dropped my phone about two times since replacing it with this tempered glass and there has been no damage whatsoever. What I love about this product is that it comes with TWO so I'll always have a backup whenever this one decides to one day crack.
 This is far and away my favorite line of tempered glass screen protectors. They are rugged, durable, and attractive (you'd be surprised how ugly the wrong angles and cut-outs can make a screen protector look). And to top it all off, they come with an excellent selection of cleaning and attaching widgets. They make a dust-free installation very, very easy.<br/><br/>I take care of all of my family's (including in-laws) tech needs and everyone comes to me for screen protectors. These are my go-to. And to top it all off, you get two in a pack!
 Easy to install. No dramatic dropping story, but it seems to be a safe investment.
 Must have for iPhone protection. Easy to install
 I just put my screen protector on and so I have not used it yet ( that’s why only 4 stars)  but I wanted to write a review before I forgot. The product came quickly and had so many helpful tools and directions that it was fairly easy to put on my screen protector. I’ve read many reviews and this product seems the most promising. We will see!
 Good value for the money. However because it is a little small to accommodate the curved edges one has to be extremely careful with the placement. I got it right at the top end but it was slightly off at the bottom end. Cannot really remove it and put it back. Advise a little extra caution when putting it in, otherwise working great.
 Loved the product had a hard time installing the first one and messed it up and had to use the second glass. Other than that, works great!
 One of THE MOST IMPRESSIVE products as far as consideration the company gives to make the buyer pleased -- ease of applying product, quality of product compared to the piece of sh. I got from T-mobile previously, their considerate satisfaction follow-up....<br/><br/> I just got a real great vibe this company does their best with integrity all the way.  Thanks.  Will definitely recommend and purchase again if I need more.
 So many of my friends don’t use a screen protector and so many of them have cracked screens.  I have used this brand for years and it has been super. If you follow the instructions you won’t get bubbles putting it on and it looks great for a long time. Best of all is the price! Seriously I have paid a whole lot more for a screen protector and this works just as well.  I really don’t think you’ll be disappointed in your purchase.
 These work great and go on nicely. They fit my iPhone 7 perfectly. It did start out with a few bubbles, but I got them out with my thumbnail. They squeezed right out.
 Bought these for my husband and I for our iPhone 7 phones. They fit perfectly and seem to protect the phones very well. I had an issue with a crack showing up on my screen protector within a couple days when my phone was in my purse, but the company was more than helpful and sent me a new protector in less than 3 days with no cost to me. The protector was easy to install and if directions are followed, there should be no dust trapped under it either.
 Dropped my phone with the screen protector on, and the entire screen shattered UNDERNEATH the screen protector. Not sure that's how these are supposed to work, but I guess the screen protector itself didn't crack. Still wouldn't buy again.
 Two Tempered Glass screen protectors for $8!!!! What else can I say?? I was certainly skeptical having paid roughly $38 for another more expensive "name brand", but now heavily regret ever paying that much. From what I can tell, the quality of this screen protector is top notch, and the application process was a cinch. The clarity and feel is as if having no screen protector at all. And now I have a backup should anything unforeseen happen to the one I installed. Would purchase another without a doubt!!
 Great product and super easy to apply. When package arrived my daughter immediately opened the package and installed on her phone without an issue.  Thank you
 Glass fits my phone perfectly and when applying glass to phone, had no issues with air pockets under glass
 Love, love, love these! They don’t show fingerprints at all. They were super easy to put on and are the best screen protectors I’ve used.
 The screen protector pack comes with everything you need; alcohol wipes to remove the dirt, a dry pad to remove dust, dust removal stickers, 2 glass screen protectors, squeeze card. It also comes with clear instructions, it was really easy to install and very affordable too. I am very pleased with the product!! Kudos to you, TechMatte!!
 Great product that's super easy to install so far it's holding up pretty well. The 3D Touch is not hampered and it feels just like the screen. Overall very pleased especially at the price point it's at.
 The shipping was pretty slow but i wasn't in too much of a rush to receive these. The screen protectors seem pretty durable, they're thicker than plastic screen protectors, and they look really sleek. The cleaning pads that are included in the package really helped to keep dust from getting on the screen before I put in the screen protector. It only took 1 try to get the screen protector perfectly in place, with no air and/or dust bubbles. I'd recommend these. Hopefully they'll do well in the long run.
 These have done such a great job keeping my phone safe from little hands! I thought my screen broke but it was the glass protector and my screen was perfectly intact when I removed it! Will keep buying these!
 The cell phone went up to the sky and fell.<br/><br/> My cell phone armed with 'iPhone 7 6S 6 Screen Protector Glass, amFilm...' and 'Spigen Hybrid Armor iPhone 7 Case with Air...' products<br/><br/>remained alive with minor injuries. It is a product satisfactory enough to be used again.
 No se si es el grosor o si es algo más, pero la sensibilidad del touch en mi celular está pésima desde que la puse y no puedo darle uso a mi 3D touch. De hecho, en ocasiones, ni si quiera puedo escribir en el celular. Ya cambie la sensibilidad de la pantalla y el problema no se resolvió, optaré por retirarla y comprar una distinta.
 It is easier than other screen savers to install, because they have attached/overlapping guide strips to aid in placement.<br/>It is fairly thick, which will certainly protect, if it fits OK with the case over it.
 Super easy to apply to my phone. Took only a few minutes and it even gives you phone wipes and dust removers to make sure you don’t have any specs of dust on the screen! I can’t even believe this cheap price for TWO of these screen protectors. This is totally worth buying- don’t get these at the store and pay double the price!
 Easy to put on without any bubbles or issues. It's protected my phone each time - I have a toddler and my phone gets abused without breaking the glass which is great!
 Super clear and beautiful, and the easiest screen protector to install, ever. Hanging out with it in a steamy bathroom to install it was a little strange, I admit, but got the job done. Make sure there is not ONE SPECK of dust on it when you install, or I promise you WILL see it. I installed one on my iPhone 6, and one on my hubby's new iPhone 7. His screen protector is still holding up fine, but mine got a huge diagonal crack across it three weeks in. I will never, ever know how it happened. I don't remember dropping or even banging it on anything. Anyhoo, I contacted TechMatte right away, sent them a photo of the damage, and they responded within 10 minutes. Sent me a new package right away. I still give the product 5 stars because A) It's crystal clear and lovely and B) With a lifetime warranty and such great customer support, how can you go wrong?
 This screen does not seal around the edges of my iPhone 8. I thought the first one was defective so I took it off and used the second one but had the same problem. The screen was cleaned per the instructions and dust free
 Decent glas. But thicker compared to others but it doesn't hinder the force touch. I think there's a slight blemish on my glass because when the screen is off there are dark spots that seems like the glass hasn't been glued all the way. But it's good to know I have one more.
 edges do not stick, email address for help gets email returned<br/>complete waste of time
 Excellent screen saver. Very easy to install and quality is the best I have used. Most definitely purchase again.
 Durable screen protector! Very easy to apply. Cleaning kit included really works to eliminate bubbles.
 My husband failed at the first two attempts to put this protector on his phone...I don't think he read the instructions. Anyhow, he messed up the two that came in the pack. I was just going to order a different kind, when I got an email from TechMatte asking me if I was happy with my purchase. I explained that I wasn't and would have to order a different one. They sent a replacement quickly for free! It went on easily (after following the instructions!) and my husband is totally happy with the screen protector. I was more impressed with their customer service!!! I would definitely buy from them again!
 Only have a couple scratches but good product
 Great protrctor! Screen is so clear. Went on super easy! I even had a baby in my lap and didn't get any bubbles on the screen. :) I also relieved an email after purchase to give advice to application. I didn't look at it, but that's great customer service.
 Usually don't post reviews, but felt like I had to for this product. Bought for iphone 6, fits perfectly. Easiest screen protector to put on. Usually I end up with air bubbles in 2-3 places, this time I had none. Also it is thicker than other protectors I had in the past. I would highly recommend this.
 Eh. The packaging is nice and they give you the tools so get the screen on properly but it barely fits on the sides of the screen almost impossible to line exact but then it extends to parts of the front of the phone you don't need a screen protector. Real weird. Couldn't manage to get it on dust free so I ended up just accepting dust underneath the glass. :/ got this same product for my HTC and it fit much better
 I honestly swear by these. I got these screen protectors after I returned my lifeproof case since I didn't really want to pay $100 for a phone case that made the speaker sound quality poor. This is my third time ordering them since I drop my phone all the time, and by drop I mean on hard concrete or literally just chuck, and every time the screen protector shatters and protects my phone screen. The best part is, even if the screen protector shatters completely, it is still  easy to take off the phone (in other words, no shards of glass are falling off or anything).
 Applying this screen protector was easier than setting up my new iPhone 7. The whole process took minutes with majority of that time just getting the stuff out of the box. I'm a customer for life!
 My IPhone speaker died and I was sent a replacement model.  This product was used to protect the screen and prevent fingerprints.  Follow the instructions and you should be pleased.
 Good quality and easy to apply. It's such a better value than the screen protectors the network stores will try to sell you.
 I had the same glass screen protector on my phone for 2 years. I finally decided to buy a new one and saw this was highly rated. So far it has been perfect. The application process was easy and it came with everything you needed. I haven't dropped my phone yet or anything, but so far so good.
 I love the way the screen looks..as clear as a bell!  Also, I love the customer service they offer.  I dropped my phone and shattered the glass protector but the phone was left untouched and in perfect condition.  I couldn't believe it.  That was why I have bought this product more than once.
 Very easy to put on with the wipes, stickers, etc. included in the package. Can be difficult to take off when it gets a few cracks, but I was very impressed with the adhesive quality of the screen protectors. I had large cracks in the protector, but no scratches or anything on the actual screen. Impressed with the lifetime and quality of this product.
 I have bought this screen protector for iphone 8 and in the description, it is clearly mentioned that it fits iphone 6, 7 and 8.  But it doesn't fit my iphone 8 screen. The edges are looking ugly like peeling of from sides. I believe iphone 8 is little bit curved than iphone 6. I would never recommend this for iphone 8.
 If given then option would give 4.5 stars due to the scratch on one protector but we're gonna round up here. The directions were easy to follow and  the provided phone cleaners did their job. Got this sucker perfectly aligned with no dust or air bubbles on the first try.. for that we'll round to five.
 Sencillo y práctico de instalar trae lo mecesario
 Awesome Screen Protector!!  Just as described, excellent instructions, great product!  Look no further.  This is what you need!
 Really saves your screen from falls. 2nd pair ive bought.
 This screen protector saved my phone when I dropped it on asphalt. I watched it fall from my lap and bounce around a few times before settling on the ground. I thought it was toast. But when I picked it up I discovered the screen protector had broken the fall perfectly, and it shattered along the front face of the phone. When I took off the broken screen protector, my phone was completely untouched. Thank you soooo much for saving me a lot of money and trouble! Highly recommend!
 The screen protector worked perfectly for my iphone 7.  The installation went smoothly.  I do recommend that people watch the video before installing the protector. -- you'll learn the right steps for making the installation process go smoothly.
 Fits pretty good with no air pockets. Easy to install
 The package comes with detailed instructions, wet wipe (step 1), dry wipe (step 2), microfiber cloth, bubble scraper card, and tempered glass screen protector. The best part is that the package comes with two so if you have sticky fingers and mess up the application or if you have clumsy hands and drop the heck out of your phone, you have bonus supplies for a second application.
 Love these covers. They protect my screen, are easy to install, and are easy to replace if damaged.
 First screen protect lifted within a week. Had to use second one. So far so good
 Great screen protectors, they fit well. Could be a tad wider but overall seem very durable
 I used to spend the $15 for Invisible shield didn't last a week yea free replacements for life but since all kiosks in my area are gone had to spend the $6 for shipping for just one. Why do that when I can spend $8 free shipping and get two.  After buying the switch protector one. I felt comfortable buying this one. Installed one on my phone and one on my girlfriends. Both took less than 5 minutes no issue at all. If I ever need to buy another one for sure it'll be this one again.
 Best screen protector!  I say that because it's the only one that I've been able to put on without getting bubbles.  It just goes on like a dream!
 All in all, it was very easy to put on (I'm a total clutz) and considering its price, I'd say it's almost the same quality as the ones I bought at the Apple store! There's 2 in the package so I know I'll need to bust that out in a year too. They've thought it all ahead, and the packaging is nice and easy to follow. Will definitely recommend!
 I love this screen protector! I bought mine after having my iPhone 8 for a bit, and I wish I bought it when I got the phone. It does a really good job of protecting the screen without sacrificing the feeling of touching glass. I will definitely buy one for my next phones.
 Easy to install.  The film cover looks sturdy and clear.  Much better than a previous one I had that was flimsy and I could see bubbles on the screen.<br/>And it's much cheaper than what iPhone offers!
 I love this product.  A great value for the price.  You get two in the pack, plus cleaners, wet/dry wipes and an extra thing to push bubbles down.
 Instructions were clear and concise and made installation easy and flawless. Looks invisible on my phone.
 Very happy with this. It was easier to install than I thought. Got no bubbles on my screen. Doesn't go all the way to the edges like they state because of the curved edges. I don't think this screen protector will prevent a shattered screen in the event of a tough fall, but it will prevent wear and tear.
 Thank you worked great not as wide as original that came with the case I bought. I bought a heavy duty case and had an incident at work breaking screen ordered this as replacement screen I like it works great!
 Very good, this is my 2nd pack I bought , very decent screen protector and the touch screen works pretty good ,it actually protects the screen if phone is accidentitally droppped . It hasn't fail me has yet so good buy so far .
 The screen protector lifts off way too easily and looks like a bubble is under the screen
 This product arrived on time and was easy to apply. I ordered for my teenager and he read the directions and was able to apply the screen protector with no issues.
 For me, the plastic type is difficult to install.  This glass protector was very simple and straightforward to install.  After a couple of months, no bubbles, no scratches.
 This is a 100% must for your iPhone! Will buy EVERY TIME!<br/><br/>Easy to put on, lasts long and going strong!
 Great product and even better customer support.  I had a protector crack and they were very easy and friendly to work with to have a replacement sent free of charge.  The screen may have saved my phone from serious damage.
 As far as screen protectors go, it is one.<br/><br/>What I really like about this brand is that their are two tabs on each end to hold while lowering it down on the screen achieving a perfect alignment without touching the screen its self.
 Good product, fit perfectly and I like the bump-outs on the corners for extra protection.
 Great screen protector. We had a more expensive screen protector for our phones and they broke easily and were pretty thick. These screen protectors are thin and perfect for my phone. They are easy to apply and I can use my touch screen just as easy as before.
 Just as described. Came in great condition!
 Easy to apply if you have someone who reads the directions. Works as well as a screen saver can work. Thicker then some I've purchased. More like a glass cover or plastic. Very good purchase.
 As advertised.  Standing at the mobile phone store faced with spending minimum $23 for ONE screen protector, versus coming here and getting TWO for around $7?  No brainer.  Does the same thing and is probably better quality.  I would recommend, but I do agree with another reviewer that on the iPhone 6, this screen protector is not going to go right to the edge of the phone, and there may be a teeny tiny bit of the black screen that ends up not being covererd. But I'm sure they had to choose the place to end it because the screen is curved.
 Love, love, love these. They work just as well as the expensive ones and come in a two pack so you have one to start off with and then the backup when your drunk self’s butter fingers decide to make an appearance.
 This was for my iPhone 7.  My first time using a screen protector.  I've only been using it a couple of days, but so far so good.<br/><br/>Application wasn't difficult at all.  Even if you did mess up while applying the protector, it comes in a 2 pack.<br/><br/>I'm not extremely knowledgable on screen protectors, but just about all of the other products boast the same specs as this at a higher cost.
 when putting on hard to keep bubbles out
 For only 7$ you get 2 quality screen protectors. Don't waste your money on a 40$ one. For as long as I have been using this, I see no difference than a expensive one. Even comes with wet napkins, cloth, tape, and card.
 Daughter, who is fussy, loves this screen protector.  Thx!
 Perfect fit for my iPhone 6s at less than price at local stores - and it includes 2 tempered glass screen protectors! I've had for several weeks, and no scratches or chips. Very easy to apply to phone, especially with excellent supplies included.
 I've used many screen protectors on various devices and this is by far the best! It comes with everything you need for a successful installation. It even comes with instructions which is very rare these days. Installation was quick and easy and the company followed up with two emails to ensure my satisfaction.
 Saved my iPhone screen, so I bought another one.  Replacement was a breeze.  Great product!
 Easy to put on and have worked great.
 I had some trouble on my first attempt to install. Tech support was super fast to respond, sent me another screen protector, and provided tips and a video for installation assistance. My second attempt was fast, easy and flawless! They really stand by their product and lifetime guarantee.
 I fell on my phone face down going up some stairs (while stupidly looking at my phone) and the glass protector took on the entire impact of the fall and my screen was totally fine. I would have taken a picture but when I lifted the protector, the protector kept cracking. Careful when taking the protector off if it's cracked; there's little shards that can get stuck on your skin! Overall very happy with how well it protected my phone!
 Never do I actually write Amazon reviews but I felt inclined to do so for this product because it is so great! I have now bought this product a total of two times and it has saved my phone screen from cracking twice! It is tempered glass so despite the hard drops, it only affects the screen protector. It is cheap and comes with two screen protectors, and is extremely easy to apply. Plus they have amazing customer service, so keep up the good work guys
 Not the best screen protector out there but still good for the price, and you get 2! It's been about 2 months now and still no cracks, bubbles, or peeling.
 The product was all good, great presnetación accessories for cleaning up your phone screen, and to aid put the screen protector on. The only thing is that it already got easily scratched.
 When phone was dropped on face only protector cracked screen was fine
 They were ok. They cracked easily but protected my screen from scratches.
 Great product to keep my phone protected
 It is by far the best screen protector I have ever had. It has always been a pleasure to buy TechMatte’s products, and I have never had a problem with their customer service, or products. My favorite part by far is the 1 year warranty that comes with this product,
 Been using it for 2 weeks and took some falls but still intact, not a scratch, very happy with the product, would recommend others too
 This screen protector fit my iPhone 8 perfectly, was really easy to install and is very responsive.  Highly recommend
 It's glass, so obviously it will be more fragile than the plasticky ones. Looked nicer than those but it did crack and scratch pretty quickly. Still, a fair price! Just remember that it's glass and it will show damage.
 2 Design Flaws: First, the cutout for the front camera is not necessary and it only collects lint in my pocket to make the visibility of the lense WORSE. Second, the screen width is EXACTLY the same width as the actual iPhone screen making it nearly impossible to line up perfectly without affecting the vision of the screen through the lens edge. So, I'm expecting my 30-day money back guarantee to be honored for my purchase...
 Yesterday install this screen protector. Everything is perfect. Very good quality! :)
 This screen protector was super easy to install and completely see through. No problem with screen functionality at all. Gets the job done and then some. These are so nice compared to the plastic ones. Feels just like original screen and cleans great.
 Because of the curved edges of the iPhone 6s I could not achieve 100% adhesion along both edges on either of my phones. But it's pretty darn close. Just follow the instructions exactly. Don't be in a rush.
 I love this screen protector! I have purchased previous brands of screen protectors but all seemed sort of flimsy to me. I do love this brand as it didn’t seem flimsy and it was easy to apply to my phone. Thank you! Hopefully no more broken phone screens for a while.
 I watched their online video, then proceeded to the printed directions, and it turned out fantastic!  No bubbles i couldn't work out. touch screen works great on the 6s after application!  Glad i purchased this and have the second one left if i should happen to need it.
 I am so happy with this product! I was a little skeptical because every time I buy a product similar to this, the screen ends up looking bubbly and sometimes even worse than it already did. This screen protector was so easy and simple to put on! No bubbles and looks sleek and shines! Super happy with it, and again so simple to put on.
 Item received earlier than expected. Great quality and value (two in the pack); easy installation, will definitely order this again as needed!
 After smashing one iPhone screen, I got these protectors.  They're well made and went on easy.  Hopefully I won't drop my phone face down again, but if I do, this protector should help.
 At first I as a little skeptical because of the cheap price of it. Turns out it wasn't cheap at all, the material was comparable to other glass protectors on the market and you get two of them!  Great value for a great product. Would definitely pick these up off amazon instead of going to the store and paying twice the amount for only one screen. Thanks for the screens!
 This product is nice!! Would def recommend! The packaging is quality with easy instructions and plenty of prep and application tools. The glass is very clear and extremely soft to touch. Does not take away from iPhone experience whatsoever. Very very happy here. Thank you
 Easy to apply, no bubbles or air pockets. Minor minor flaw home button cut out is not perfectly entered around the home button. Though the button is perfectly accessible and it’s not obvious I noticed. Really a 4.5 product. Great price point love that I got more than 1 in the pack.
 Easy to put on. Fit IPhone 7 perfectly. So far, no issues.
 Like it.  Very easy clean install. Prep instructions were lacking. Need a little more detail. Nothing said about sticky strips so I didn’t know if I should use them before or after or in between wipes 1 and 2. So I didn’t use them. But install was clean with no noticeable dust of air bubbles.
 Perfect for my 6s. Directions were clear and screen protector was easy to apply. Much better price than in the store! Definitely would buy again.
 I purchased this for my iPhone 7 and also got a pack for my wife's iPhone 7+. I've used a few different glass screen protectors, some much more expensive than this. And this company blows them out the water.  To start off, the day they were delivered, I received an email from the company about the product. It included a thank you note,  instructions, and warranty information, which gave me a good warm and fuzzy feelin.  Every other pack of glass screen protectors I've ever bought only have the screen protector and a cleaning cloth. This kit is so much more.  You get a multi step cleaning kit plus a pad of dust removal stickers. If you follow the instructions then there's no way to get dust under the screen. Also, it explains how to keep dust out the air (installing in a bathroom with a steamy shower running). Another HUGE advantage is the double layer protection over the glass. You peel one layer off to expose the adhesive and the other layer has 2 tabs to hold while installing the glass so you don't have to get your fingers on the underside where the adhesive is. So you should have no problem having a bubble/smudge/dust free screen after all this. This is definitely the best kit I've used. And the warranty is awesome too. You will definitely use this brand again in the future. Installation was so easy, unfortunate the way I was standing made it seem like I placed the screen in the correct place but I managed to have it off to one side just a bit too much. So be sure to stand directly over the screen when installing so you can line the holes up properly. I could use the other screen that was in the box but there's no need to waste a perfectly good piece of glass because of a mistake I made.
 I've been using these screen protectors for a few months and I am very happy with how strong they are! I drop my phone more than I should, and after a few months I only have a small crack in the bottom corner, and it's hardly noticeable! It's hard to find good screen protectors at a decent price, so I am very satisfied with these! Will definitely buy again!
 This is the best glass protector I have. I dropped my phone done some metal stairs and it fell straight on the glass. I thought oo no I broke my phone. Once I lifted up my phone it was fine the glass was not broken at all and plus the protector was fine. Well I am buying again bc this time my wife dropped her phone and the protector did get a hair line crack on the protector.
 I was grateful for the two pieces in this set- as i always screw up the first time! Be aware that the glass is smaller than the screen. It works fine, and they say the reason is because the new phones have the curved screens. I would recommend this.
 Easy to install. Fits iPhone 7 perfectly. Big enough to cover majority of screen, but does leave a little lip around phone uncovered to allow for various types of cases, which I definitely appreciated as I used this screen protector with Caseology's Parallax series iPhone 7 case without any compatibility issues.
 Great quality. This screen protector does exactly what it is supposed to. Easy to install and it doesn’t take away any picture quality from the display on the phone. If you need a screen protector for your phone buy this brand and you won’t regret it.
 great product, i received it all in one piece not broken or anything, has all the items i needed to prep my phone and clean it before putting the screen protector on. worth it. would buy again
 I've only been using the protector for a few days, but so far, my screen is very clear
 The nicest screen protector I've tried. Smoother than the actual screen!
 The best purchase in Amazon.<br/>I didn't expect much because it's just phone film, however it is very good quality and very user friendly.<br/>They include the wipes( wet and dry version) and delivered with thick hard cover so the films did not get the scratch or other break.<br/><br/>Overall, I strongly recommend it and will buy this film again for my future phone!
 I saved so much getting this off amazon than in store . Easy to apply . Looks like a new phone . I think all it takes is to READ AND FOLLOW DIRECTIONS. I dropped my phone a little hard since I've had it and my phone doesn't show anything wrong
 Best screen protector and great company. This product works exceptionally well! When the protector is cracked it looks like the actual screen but it isn't. When I first bought these protectors I gave one to my friend, after using the same one for 5 months a purchased a second kit. There directions are easy to follow and the package comes with everything you need!
 Great instructions are provided and even though I didn't follow them I was still able to "install" this perfectly on my iPhone 7.  I'm hoping it will help prevent a crack to my iPhone screen as happened with my previous phone.
 came perfect!! been keeping my phone safe!!
 I ordered wrong size by mistake so Did not use. next time I get in the mood I will order right size!
 The protector doesn't fit the screen. It leaves a large gap around the edges. The glass quality seems nice, but it's pointless with so much space. Can't drag objects to the edge of the screen due to the dropped ridge on glass.
 It was just OK overall, I could not get it to properly adhere to the screen edges. I think the fit/sizing is off. This wasn't my first time installing a glass screen protector, and I followed all of the cleaning steps. I was a bit surprised because I bought and amFilm protector for my Galaxy S6 and it fit fine.
 I've been buying screen protectors for many years.  This is by far the best I've ever used.  It is extremely durable, the phone responds as if it isn't there and it was a breeze to install without bubbles.
 Fantastic product . I drop my phone a lot . My phone is perfect ! Cracked protective screen and company replaced . Excellent customer service !!!
 I have this on my phone and you'd never know.  It's a really hard plastic and such good quality.  I would buy this again.  If you are looking for a screen protector for your iphone.....this is your pick!
 This screen protector has saved my phone twice! I have used two of these now and have 2 More on backup just in case! This is a GREAT product. Protect your phone now and buy this screen protector!
 This is the best screen cover I have found for an iphone. I always put some type of screen cover on and the usability and feel and lack of smudging is fantastic. Additionally, I recently dropped soemthing sharp and heavy on the corner of my phone, this screen protected my iphone and there wasn't a crack to be found where I thought for certain there would be. I highly recommend.
 Bought this screen protector for my iphone 6 and it is exactly what a wanted, I only wish it was a little bigger
 So easy to put on. Didn’t realize how much I was missing with images. This glass protector is amazing!
 Ordered wrong size so they were given away
 I've used the film for the past 6 months and it has held up after two phone drops, once on the corner side and another face down.  I place my phone in my front pocket and sometimes I have my car keys in the same pocket.  Though the screen claims to be scratch resistant, scratches have occurred from the key edges.  This is something that you have to expect, as I don't think anything can be truly scratch resistant.  As other reviewers have stated, the film edges are tapered a bit and do not cover the entire phone screen, so placement of screen as centered as possible is critical.  It's imperative that you read the instruction and follow it exactly.  I believe those that don't will find themselves maligning the film, will have dust trapped under it, or have to remove and reinstall film (which will reduce its adhesive coating), and eventually its ability to stick to your screen.  I am happy with the product as its serving its purpose, being a sacrificial screen.
 Best iPhone glass out there.  With a family of 7 constantly updating their phones, I have put screen protectors on countless times.  The quality, application set up, online demos, and overall attention to quality (all for a fair price) has me sold on TechMatte as the hands down best.
 I have an iPhone 6s. The glass is not the right dimension for my phone, there's so much space that the glass doesn't cover but it'll do for now. It serves it purpose and I'm not too bothered by it if it means for a greater purpose of saving my phone
 Item as pictured and described. Seems to be just like any other screen protector. No quality issues and simple to install.
 Super easy to put on - no bubbles or creasing. Sensitivity feels exactly like with no protector. I hope it is as good as my last screen protector which cracked and shattered after phone was dropped (a number or times) but the phone screen remained intact.
 I have an iPhone 7 and the glass does not cover the entire face of the screen.  It's smaller than 1/16 of an inch short all around the frame of the phone,  but I think it will do the job.  It was very easy to apply and looks good. I'm happy with it.
 It seems to be working very well. Had a little bit of difficulty getting rid of the air bubbles on the screen though.
 I am very happy with this purchase. It fits perfectly and I can see everything on my phone clearly. The instructions were easy to follow and it was very easy to install.
 Perfect . I bought from eBay 2 different glass screen protectors for about the same price but the quality for this item is much more higher than the others . The phone screen is almost as if I had nothing on it . I just love it. All the screen features r there and not affected by the protector. It looks nice not bulky, doesn't show at all. The edges stick well on iPhone 6s so no future worries about collecting dust underneath. No stains or fingerprints and so easy to clean . It's just perfect. I'm happy that I got it.<br/>The seller sent me a follow up email with video on how to apply . Also they send u 2in the package so if u messed up with one u still have the other one .
 Dropped my iPhone6 on a glass scale, the one you weigh yourself with, picked it up and I saw I had extremely large crack in my phone on the screen and instantly went into panic mode because I do not have insurance on my IPhone6 (i know i know i know) but however nothing went through my iphone was perfectly undamaged not a scatch on it but I do have a Otterbox on my phone as well....so I will recommend this glass to anyone Great Great Investment !!!!!
 I feel very compelled to write a review about this product as it is a very good quality product.  It was probably the easiest screen protector I have ever applied over the years and it came with clear written instructions (how about that?). It fits perfectly over my iPhone 7 and totally bubble free on my very first try.  I have been using it for several days now and the screen stays quite clean with little or no smear at all.  It does not interfere with the touch or the view at all.
 Let me tell you this product works lol I dropped my phone, cracked the protector and did no damage to my screen!!! Hallelu...
 Easy application and good product.
 Read the instructions, a couple of times, they are small, but worked beautifully.<br/>One application, phone is cover.  Highly recommend this product as a screen protector glass covering.<br/>You won't be sorry.
 Installation Instructions are very easily understood, only took a few minutes to complete, no air bubbles as with other screen covers, swipe or touch works fine no problems. Product seems very substantial.
 Everything looks good and high quality however it seems I ordered it for the 6S instead of the 6S Plus so I won't be putting it on my phone. I will however be reordering the same thing to fit my phone because as I said it all looks high quality.
 The quality of the screen protector is awesome. Only drawback is the air bubbles that seem to come up regardless of how careful you are at the placement on your device. I took off the first one and just installed the second one and both sides on the edges appear to not adhere to my iPhone the way that they should. I’m still trying to get the air bubbles out completely
 I've bought this product 3 different times and love em! Love having a cracked screen and just being able to take off the protector and have a scratchless screen again! Also comes with very helpful accessories!
 Product arrived promptly. Instructions to install were clear and all supplies necessary are supplied. Since two protectors are included, suppliesare doubled for two installations. I can't comment on how well the protector performs as it was just installed.
 Love this! I feel like my phone screen is so much safer. Easy to apply and easy to clean. Very satisfied.
 The cutouts for the camera, speaker and home button fit perfectly and using a soft case I have no problems with this protector on my phone, notice that the sides aren't curved so you have to get used to use edge to side gestures but you will get used to this, it's worth it for protecting your iPhone screen from scratches keeping the original feeling and features such as 3D touch and image quality.
 Absolutely great product! I've now used it on 3 of my families phones and it saved one of them from a cracked screen when it got dropped (cracked the screen protector instead).
 Doesn’t last. Cracked quickly  Guess you need multiple backups
 They just arrived today. Everything looks fine. I'm just a little nervous putting it on. Hopefully they last long.
 Difficult to apply onto screen on the first try, and I have had many tempered-glass screen protectors before. Came with dust all over in the package, so disappointed in spots bubbling underneath. Otherwise, very satisfied with the protection it offers my screen! I dropped it in the snow and lost it for about a day. When I recovered it, there was no water damage under the screen protector!
 Love this brand of screen protector. They are quite durable compared to other brands I’ve purchased.
 This product is esactly like the description, very easy to install, with timely delivery...I am very satisfied and would order again.
 Protects the screen well. I’ve dropped my phone quite a bit and the screen is intact and free of scratches. It is really easy to install!
 i always buy these screen protectors for my phones. they keep my real screen safe and if i end up cracking the protector badly i can just take it off and i have the second one as a spare.
 Awesome screen protector.  It is obviously thicker than the plastic film protector I had on before, that was beginning to peel off. This amFilm protector was very easy to put on bubble free.  There was one small spot I was worried that may lead to a permanent bubble, but after a day, the spot actually disappeared!  My previous screen protector one was matte due to my concerns about glare, but the shiny look of this new tempered glass really made the iphone look brand new.  So far, glare hasn't been a problem for the week I had it on.
 Great product and awesome customer service. One of the protectors was defective and I submitted my complain with pic of the product and they responded almost immediately and I got a replacement two days later. So far I haven’t had to replace the first one.
 The application process was the best experience I've had with any other screen product. I really appreciate how well the company took care and consideration in that. I'm disappointed at how it barely covers the screen. It's not noticeable while using it, but I notice it because I have a pet peeve foir that kind of imperfection. Overall, I would recommend it.
 These are clean and clear, I've dropped my phone on its face a number of times since and applying this, and neither the product or the phone schreen has broken.  There is no interference between this product and most cases.
 Great price for the two pack. Resilient and easy to put on. I’ve had mine on for about 4 months and it hasn’t peeled or shown any sign of giving up.
 had to get a extra one after my old protector broke
 Works great. Good quality and value
 iPhone 6s.  Halo effect was horrible.  Worse than on spigen screen protectors.  Tried both screen protectors that were I the pack.  So far haven't found any screen protectors that work well for iphone6s.
 So far, these glass covers have protected our screens from falls.
 Great product just as described!. Comes with all the items for the proper installation of the screen protectors. The installation is easy and younhave extra in case the screen gets too old or scratched. In general a great buy
 This was simple to apply, be sure to follow directions to avoid bubbles, fits perfectly. Nice clear skin, can’t tell it’s even there.
 It did protect my iPhone screen, but the size is small for iPhone 6s. (The glass doesn't cover the entire screen)  It just doesn't look too good, but it's a decent product.
 Easy application! No air pockets. I put mine on a little uneven but its barely even noticeable. I've had it on for around 7 months and haven't had any problems with it so far. I remember reading some comments on how it doesn't cover the entire phone. The width of it only covers the black screen. I like that the screen doesn't cover the ENTIRE front part of the phone because that way I don't have to worry about the case not fitting.
 Just bought this last month after buying a new iPhone 7. I also bought a case with a beveled edge for extra protection. Needless to say I dropped the phone and the screen protector not only cracked-but the actual screen cracked underneath of the screen protector. So I'm curious if the screen on my phone will be replaced by this company??
 The iPhone glass protector is better that a previous conpetators product, and it wa salso shipped and packaged properly and very on time.
 Fitting is good and I like the fact that the Company packages two whereas others just send one for a similar price. I do have a slight chip from dropping the phone from about 4 feet. It's hardly noticeable and the glass did not crack.
 Overall I am pleased with this purchase. My only complaint about the product is that it is ever so slightly too slim.<br/><br/>It does not cover all of the video screen by about one millimeter which refracts the light and can be distracting at certain angles. They say it is due to the curved edges; but come on.  Those edges do not curve over the video screen.<br/><br/>Otherwise this looks good and feels better on my fingers than even the phone itself!
 the easiest screen protector i have ever put on... will buy again.
 QUALITY, DURABLE.  EASY TO APPLY.
 This screen protector seems really good - haven't needed it yet so will know if I drop my device. instructions from seller were wonderful and easy to follow to install it on my phone properly - they were great!
 Second brand I’ve used, this one has held up well a couple months so far though!
 Love this! Such a cheap way to protect your iPhone. I would much rather have a crack in the glass screen protector that cost a few dollars to fix versus a crack in my phone screen that ruins the phone. Great screen clarity with this protector. I would highly recommend this product.
 Nice value, easy to instal, perfect fit
 Soooo easy to install!! It fit my iPhone 7 perfectly! My son used the other one for his phone! 2 good screen protectors for a great price!
 I had a cracked and broken protector on my phone... This was very easy with very complete instructions with it!  It cost 1/4  of what I paid  originally , so I'm thrilled! Thank You Amazon!!
 I messed up the first one I tried to put on but put on the second easily. It’s easy if you read the directions and pay attention. I put this on my husband’s phone since I like the protection it offers  for the screen.
 This does what it suppose to do..
 I’ve had my phone for 2 years and never had a crack, but I decided to try this screen protector out. Had it on my phone for 8 days, dropped my phone and the actual screen cracked while the protector did not. Didn’t do it’s job and I think somehow it actually caused my screen to crack when normally it wouldn’t have
 I'm very pleased with TechMatte's customer service. After applying my screen protector on my new iPhone 7 (and giving the second one to my dad for his new iPhone 7), I realized that there was a speck of dust under the film. I tried removing it, and just ended up with a new air bubble. TechMatte sent me a replacement pack through overnight shipping when I explained the situation to them, and gave excellent instructions for successful application the second time around. I highly recommend this product, and have been very satisfied with my experience as a TechMatte customer.
 Great product.. Fairly simple to apply and visibility through the glass film is very clear. It doesn't even look like there's anything over the screen. I would recommend it to anyone with a touch screen. The price point is also great as I was able to purchase 2 for the price other brands offered one.
 First of all, this is not an endorsed review, I bought this glass screen protector with my own Christmas money. The first thing to note is the excellent customer service. Quick response and action were provided with my purchase. As I was applying my screen protector, I accidentally misaligned and had to remove the screen causing adhesives to lessen in effect/ causing a floating halo effect. I contacted the support and provided a picture to which they responded by sending a free replacement. The product itself was really simple to install, just make sure that you align the top and bottom correctly since it can be tricky at times. Overall 10/10 customer service, application, and product.
 I had a phone with his screen protector on it. The phone was run over and the screen got destroyed, but the phone still worked! I am convinced that the protector helped! Highly recommended. I wouldn't buy a phone without putting this on it.
 Was able to get the screen protector on with no bubbles, very happy!!
 Excellent screen protector. I have used this brand for my entire family and they have all held up extremely well. I have never had a problem with this screen protector. I've had the same one on my iPhone 6s for 2 years now and it still looks brand new. I've dropped it, scratched it, beat it up, and this screen protector handles it all.
 Cracked one day after installing it on my phone. Only positive is it included 2 protectors, which I needed the second one the day after installing the first.
 It works very well and saved my phone screen from breaking. This in turn results in a big cost savings because I don’t have to replace my iphone
 No problem putting the protector on. It's been on my phone for about a week and is great.
 Excellent out of the box experience, but most importantly instructions that even I couldn’t mess up! I really do recommend steaming hot water in the air near you to reduce dust. I have no bubbles and this is by far the most durable, incognito screen protector! Excellent product, I will be looking forward to other accessories/products this company creates,
 Used before on previous IPhone7, so naturally was first choice for new IPhone8.  Fairly easy to install (just make sure there is absolutely no dust).
 Was easy to install, if done right no bubbles.
 This is the second set of screen protectors I have bought. The first one I ruined by my own fault. The second one of the first order lasted about 9 months and it got a crack in it but my screen was thoroughly protected. I now have a new protector on my phone and a spare. I think the quality is good for the price.
 Easiest application and best product I've ever used on a phone! I can't believe you guys put those tabs on the sides - the application is a breeze. I hated installing screen protectors on my phone, used to always screw them up - this is ridiculously easy and the wipes make it crystal clear before applying.<br/><br/>Love that they come in a 2 pack. Don't get plastic covers, the glass have saved my phone so many times!
 FANTASTIC product!  Definitely the best of the 9H glass protectors I've put on my Iphones.<br/>Install was easy.... just followed the directions.
 This item was so easy  to install on the 6s. It fit perfectly. The company sent us a link showing how to install and followed up to make sure we were satisfied. Also there was no loss of touch sensitivity on the screen. Great product.
 Imagine a bullet proof vest that somehow remained intact while you became riddled with gunfire. That is as good of an analogy I can think of for how little damage this screen took compared to how badly my phone screen became cracked after a drop. I would give this turd of a product no stars if I could. It does the exact opposite of its job.
 Product arrived on time and as advertised. Very easy to apply to my phone screen and provides a perfect fit for my iPhone 7. Would definitely recommend!
 I purchased this item almost 6 months ago and am just now writing a review because I have seen just how helpful this item is!<br/>I'm not always the most careful with my phone, and have sadly dropped it a few time. It finally slid out of my pocket onto the concrete and when I picked it up there was a nice long crack along the bottom. When I finally removed it, I was very happy to see my phone was not cracked! This combined with a phone case (I have a Crave Grip Gaurd) has really saved my butt.<br/>The photo isn't the best, but you can see it really got a ugly crack in it on the bottom and a few small ones at the top and bottom! The cover is also relatively easy to put on, maybe 5 minutes and a steady hand.
 This screen protector is great! It was very easy to put on and you can tell it is very thick so that it will protect the screen, but not so thick that it bothers you with reading your phone. Definitely recommend!
 Arrived early. Easy to apply! Husband has dropped phone several times and screen protector is still whole
 I've used smartphones since the original iPhone and have installed a variety of screen protectors over the years.  Lately, I've settled on tempered glass as the best type since the plastic ones, although durable, didn't have the smooth feel like the regular screen which took too much away from the user experience.<br/><br/>This one is no different, once installed, it had a great smooth feel and I often forgot it was on.  It's clear and takes nothing away from the screen visually.  It's also cut about as well as these things probably can, although it does have some noticeable edges around the outside where the iPhone glass rounds out - to be fair, I'm not sure how you would cover this with a glass screen protector.<br/><br/>Installation was easy.  Just clean the screen with the included wipes, then apply the protector in the same way you'd put on a sticker - although obviously with a lot of attention to how it lines up.  The one issue I ran into was in the corner of the screen, I made the mistake of lifting it up immediately after applying it to remove a piece of dust, and it never really stuck back the same way which left a noticeable bubble in the corner.  So you really get one shot at applying this and once it's on, you're stuck.<br/><br/>This isn't the thinnest screen protector either, so since it doesn't cover the button, it does create a different feel when pressing the button since you are pressing down in between the edges of the protector, which does take some getting used to.<br/><br/>Overall though, I'm satisfied with the product and am *very* glad it comes with two since it's not that hard to get a crack in a tempered glass screen protector.  Good value and probably as good as any glass iPhone screen protector.
 OMG.  These things actually work.  The wife dropped her Iphone 7 with somewhat of protective case that seems like everyone has now.  It left a shatter point on the side of the protector.  Was easy to remove, and put another on.  Already saved me $200.
 Fits my iPhone 7 with a slight gap before the edge of my current case. I would like it better if it covered the camera lens. Otherwise effective. I've dropped my phone and the protector has cracked, but not the phone.
 Very clear, sitting beautifully on my replacement iPhone 6, leaves plenty of room for my case and have no issues with it at all. The kit that comes with it makes the process wonderfully easy and I would strongly recommend it for the awesome value and two day shipping
 We had a problem with the adherence of the upper left corner. So, we attempted to make a warranty claim. What a pain!  They claim to offer a 100 percent satisfaction guarantee. but first one must march through hell. Our claim was just accepted-not approved-after 10 hours of on-again off-again attempts.
 I can't believe I paid 35 dollars for one of these at the phone store, BTW which broke within a month.  These ones are awesome.  Easy to put on.  All the tools are included to assure a bubble free screen.  It fits my iPhone 6S just fine with my case on.  I'm very very pleased with this purchase!
 Used with caseology phone protection case. Strong, works great, looks naked but I’d clearly protected.
 Love these! I'm already on my second screen. My 3 year old dropped my phone just right and shattered the screen protector but my phone was totally fine. Easy to install, great protection!
 Installed it first without following instructions and got myself 1 bubble (my fault)<br/><br/>Then I saw the video and follow as instructed and got myself no bubble screen protector, very happy about it.
 There is basically nothing to complain about at this point. Lol so I'll say why I think this is a 5-star product.<br/><br/>First, it came with step by step instructions that were easy to follow. Applying this screen protector was so simple with the tabs used to hold the screen while you put it in place! Also, I have no bubbles! I wiped my phone with a soft cloth (that I use to clean my glasses), then I used the alcohol wipe, then the dry wipe, then the sticker used to pick up any dust particles, and that was it! No scratches so far either, so again I don't have anything to complaint about. Lol<br/><br/>The only thing I may say is I haven't dropped my iPhone 7 yet, nor do I plan on doing so lol, but my only reservation is how much this product will help keep my screen in tact. That's it! I recommend!
 This is the first time I’ve used a glass cover on my phone and I love it so far!  I put the other one on my daughter’s phone and she is very happy with it too.  The kit is complete with what you need and worked well
 Gift for my phone bought this item more than a year ago and its still working great
 It’s a good screen protector however I am disappointed by the gap it does not cover the entire screen so now there is a lot of unprotected screen area. I wouldn’t have purchased had I of known this previously.
 I have spent upwards of $30 for a single screen protector in the past and this one far exceeds them in quality and appearance. Application was so simple because of double sided adhesive, and the glass lays completely flat. The cutouts were perfect. Will absolutely be buying these again for the rest of my family.
 You really cannot beat the price. Looks great and the same quality that your would find from a heavily marketed brand sold in Best Buy, etc. I would recommend this to my friends
 Good quality and the kit have all the tools that you need for put the protector.
 Decent product for the price. My only complaint is, when I remove step 1 and flip the glass to align it on the screen by holding the corner tabs provided, tabs can’t hold the screen protector which makes alligent difficult. Noticed some bubbles but they are gone in a minute when I used the squeeze card. Overall, happy with the purchase.
 I really liked this product because I was able to use it for an iPhone 6S and 8.
 Work great! Have this one on for 8 months or more now? Only have a small crack in the protected in one corner, saved my phone
 Just purchased two iPhone 8, and needed a screen protector. Ordered them and was happy with the installed results. Thin, which is what you want and just the right size. The price was waay below what I saw at the phone store. If you are looking for protection for your phone, I don't think you can do better.<br/>Bob T
 Does NOT fit iPhone 7 Plus. EDIT  it was my mistake
 So far, so good. Seems just as sturdy as a Zagg tempered glass and after two of those crapping out within a year I've been ready for a less expensive replacement. Granted, Zagg replaces for free but it's still a pain.
 I really like this brand of Screen Protectors.  It was easy to put on and seems very durable, compared to some others I have bought!  I will buy this product again.
 I dropped my phone twice pretty hard. On the first drop, I was running and it fell out of my purse onto the blacktop. The second time, it slipped out of my hand and fell face down on the floors of a department store. The tempered glass didn't survive the second fall and shattered. However, the screen underneath was completely unscratched. This thing is amazing for clumsy people like me!<br/><br/>No lost in sensitivity when I applied this to my iPhone. I've used their glass twice now and it seems impossible to clear it of all dust/hair while applying the screen despite following directions carefully. I have a big German shepherd and two cats running around though so there's always some small piece of fur floating around. Perhaps people without animal babies have better luck keeping their screen free of debris.
 I had another glass screen protector on my iPhone that cracked (it did it's job and protected the screen) - I got annoyed with the cracks so I got this to replace it. Was super easy to install and doesn't have any air bubbles - screen is still as responsive to touch. It is perfect! And a great price. Use the you tube video they link to when you order for help installing it - and follow the instructions, and you'll be good to go! Can't beat this product - so worth it to save your screen.
 The best screen protector I've ever used. I 100% believe it would prevent my phone from shattering if dropped at the wrong angle. They've made so many improvements to screen protectors over the years; this one is definitely top notch.
 Will continue to buy this brand
 Has totally protected my Iphone 7 screen every time, every drop.
 Sturdy. Magically stays clean really well. Super easy to apply - in fact, when I first applied it, there was an air bubble that somehow resolved itself (I probably just got lucky). Glad it comes with two, as well.
 The protector doesn't fit the iPhone 8 very well. It's a little too small, not going all the way to the edge of the screen. I wouldn't buy it again.
 I liked the installation tabs making alignment very easy.
 I purchased this for an older iPhone that I was keeping. It came with a wet cloth, dry cloth, and microfiber cloth which made installation so simple. I have struggled with screen protectors before but this one came out with no bubbles or any issues.
 I purchased this Screen Protector after I dropped my phone and the glass shattered which cost me $179.00 to repair.  A day after receiving the film protector, I dropped my phone AGAIN and the film protector shattered leaving my phone well protected.  I ended up purchasing two additional boxes for my family and friends.
 Easy to install and it protects my phone really well. I am very happy with this product.
 The glass is perfect for what I am looking for! There is also an added advantage due to the fact that since the screen protector is thin, you do not need to apply extra force when using the touch screen.
 much easier to attach than I anticipated (based on the production the guy at the Verizon store made of it).
 So, I am giving this product a 5/5 with an *. One of the Films I received, the bottom right corner would not stick to my wife's Iphone.<br/><br/>Other than that, the film that I used for my phone works amazingly. I have dropped my phone and it completely protected it from the fall. I would HIGHLY recommend this protector for any Iphone user.<br/><br/>I am not sure how I got about asking the company for a replacement film, but I will give an update once I find out. I am sure it was just an defect or issue.
 Great product...Does the job perfectly!
 Great product. Have used on iphone 5, 6 and ipad 2 perfect fit and easy to install
 Pretty easy to install/apply, comes with two glass fronts, and doesnt seem to cause any problems with colors or view of the screen. Would def buy again and recommend.
 I bought this product instead of the other ones because it had over 10k views, and it came with two screen protectors. Pretty good deal if you ask me for a low price. Also I'm glad that it doesn't cover the entire screen because my otter box commuter series fits amazing with the new screen. And wow, I'm so glad that it came with two screens because I screwed up putting the screen on with the first one. No complaints that I can think of so far... It's very clear, and sometimes I forget it's on.<br/><br/>A helpful hint would be applying the screen onto the phone from the camera and speaker first and then work your way down by scraping the bubbles out. Worked for me on my second attempt.
 This screen protector went on perfectly. Just used my second one today because I was hard on the first one. Still did not crack. I’m ordering a new one today just to have on hand.
 Great protection so far, but haven't had it for long. It was pretty easy to install but I still somehow managed to get a fuzzy underneath. Not a big deal. However, I wish it covered my screen fully (with a case on it covers 98% of it) because the edges are slightly adhesive and little hairs and fuzzies get stuck to it. Just my pet peeve and I'm pretty sure it states that it doesn't cover the whole screen in their description. Good screen protector overall.
 Easy to install, still looks great and its been a couple months at this point. Great that I have a backup as well given that its a 2-pack
 Great fit and excellent customer service.
 Order came quickly and the product was super easy to put on my phone.  Very clear directions and the price was about half if not less than the screen protectors in store and you get 2!  Haven't dropped my phone yet to see how it holds up but will update if it cracks or anything.  Great buy.
 Went on with no issues, no bubbles.  Includes everything needed; cleaner, wipe, etc.
 Very simple to install.  The protective film feels much more substantial than previous versions.  So pleased with the product that i bought for my iPhone 7 that i have also ordered for my SE and iPad as well.
 Protects my phone. Can’t ask for anything more!
 The company is A+ I used my initial 2 and couldn't get them on properly and they sent me 4 more no questions asked. The screen protector works great but at the very edges leaves a small fraction of the useable screen uncovered. It could be slightly wider and cover them and still be case friendly but it covers enough of the screen that it's not a major issue. The application process is great. You're given what you need to do the application as simply as possible. I will continue to use these and do business with them in the future. I appreciate them taking care of me.
 Can't go wrong with these screen protectors. Provides the protection it promises.
 Great Protection. Used these as stocking stuffers and my kids were surprisingly excited to get them. Had one on my daughter's phone that saved her screen. It cracked, but her screen was perfectly fine.
 I purchased several of these screen protectors when the family got all new iPhones in Dec.  My daughter dropped her phone just a few weeks after and the protector broke, but the screen was fine.  I don't blame the protector - who knows how this phone was "dropped" - so for such an inexpensive protector it did it's job.  This was a reorder for a replacement and they are definitely it worth the money.
 My phone fell plenty of times already and I'm so glad I had the glass, it does still being perfect (both the glad and screen). I would recommend it
 Haven't had a chance to test the effectiveness of this iPhone screen protector and we hope never to have to find out.
 Fits great. I dropped my phone and the screen protector cracked. I was so glad to have it on.  It could of been my screen that cracked!
 It came with everything needed. Instructions were clear and it was applied effortlessly with no bubbles.<br/>I'd say you offer a great product.
 Received this item. Love it. Fit perfectly on my iPhone 8. Fits a lot better than the thin plastic ones and looks a lot nicer.
 Worth the buy! So easy to put on all I did was aligned all the holes and placed the protect on the phone and it adheared its self with no bubbles just put light pressure on the ends. The kit included everything you need to put the protector on. It had a wet and dry wipe, stickers to take any lint off, and paper card to smooth the screen down.
 I gave it 4 stars because there's no free space for easy installation as advertised. And it's not as smudge free as I was expecting. Regardless, I think it's a really good product for the price. If you follow the instructions, it's easy to install. Bubble free as advertised. 3D touch works just fine. Other reviewers that said the product does not fit iPhone 7, I think that's because there's no room for error. The company should make this product just a few mm wider to avoid that.
 It appears to serve it's purpose perfectly at a great price so we will give it 5 stars.  I am hopeful that he won't experience the cover's ability to prevent cracking the screen but I will edit this review should it change.
 A mere month after installing the cover, I tripped on uneven concrete pavers - my phone went flying. When I picked it up, one side of the cover was shattered and my phone case was pretty banged up - but there wasn't a scratch on the screen.  Totally worth the money and I would definitely buy again
 I like it a lot although having said that the glass protector cracked easier than I expected. It was my fault it cracked but I had to use the second protector. It goes on extremely well with no bubbles and looks great
 I really like having this protection for my phone screen.  We had already bought one for my husband's phone so we knew it worked well and that's why I bought one for me and one for my son. Great product!
 I got a 2 pack. put one on my phone and one on my daughters.  followed all the instructions cafefully.  Both of our screen protectors were cracked within 2 weeks and neither of us dropped our phones.  horrible product.
 very good value for the money. very easy to put on, the easiest glass i ever have put on. it comes with everything you need to put it on. would definitely recommend it.  With this glass kit, I never get those "air bubbles". as long as you follow directions, you'll be good to go.
 I just wanted to let you know; this is the best screen protector ever!  I have it on my iPhone 8; no scratches; and it doesn’t restrict your ability to operate your phone. When typing or punching in numbers; you will think there’s not a screen saver on your phone!  “Thanks for an Awesome Product”
 Easy to use which is important to me.  Good instructions!  Looks great...thank you!
 Its perfect for the 7 plus but it doesnt fit that good the 6 plus like advertised (the hole for the camera is not on the same place), the fingerprints as bad as always. Ive dropped my phone a few times and it hasnt cracked so thats great.
 excellent++
 The best screen protector i’ve Ever had, very durable
 I've only been using this screen protector for a couple of weeks, but it's working great so far!  I have had my fair share of cell phones, and therefore have used an abundance of screen protectors, but I have to say this one was the easiest to apply of any of them... and absolutely no air bubbles or dust particles.  Happy customer!
 I don't have the steadiest of hands. One might say that I am a bit of a brute. Nevertheless, I was able to easily and effectively apply this screen protector straight and without bubble. Great for the price too.
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/iPhone-6S-Screen-Protector-amFilm-iPhone-6S-Tempered-Glass-Screen-Protector-for-Apple-iPhone-6-iPhone-6S-2015-2-Pack/dp/B01415QHYW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iPhone 6S Screen Protector, amFilm iPhone 6S Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6S 2015 (2-Pack)</a><br/>Excellent instructions.  Package included everything needed to clean the iPhone screen, install the screen protector, and smooth out any bubbles.  Took only about 1 minute per phone to do the whole thing and the protector has continued to stay in place perfectly on both phones with no bubbling.  Have since recommended to several people who were not satisfied with their brand of protector.
 I recently ordered tempered glass for my iphone 7 plus and upon receiving my package I realized I ordered the wrong one (what happens when you don't read corectly) and I proceeded to contact amFilm, they replied surprisingly very quick and even offered to mail me what I actually wanted free of charge. Received my my iphone 7 plus tempered glass within a few days, that's amazing. AmFilm definitely has great product backed up by awesome customer service you won't find anywhere else. 10/10 would buy again.
 The screen protector was easy to install(watch the video and read instructions) and crystal clear.  My only gripe is the width is just a tiny fraction of an inch too narrow...Though barely noticeable, it doesn't totally cover the actual screen.
 The product is very good, it is not so easy to put it on the iphone without bubles, is careful process
 These screen protectors are AWESOME. I just bought another pack because I’m forever dropping my phone, and my last one broke just like it should, therebyprotextinf my actual screen from damage. I’m so happy with these and can’t recommend them enough.
 Easy to install. Works great. Gave 4 instead of 5 starts because it is slightly larger than my old one so I am afraid it may get dust under the outside edges. Otherwise, I love it.
 Accidentally ordered the wrong size and was allowed to keep the item plus I got a refund. If I didn't have an iPhone Plus, these would be perfect.
 It was easy to apply to my phone, however, a bubble did get trapped under the glass. I left it overnight and was pleasantly surprised that the bubble had dissipated after several hours!
 I bought two iPhones this Christmas for my kids and purchased this two pack of screen protectors. The screen protectors worked great and were very easy to put on but after putting them on my kids phones I discovered one of the phones was broke and needed to be returned so now I’m out one screen protector and have to purchase another. other than the frustration of a broken phone the screen protector was a great buy
 I had bought 1 package(which comes with two screens) and accidentally broke one, and didn’t install the other correctly, after registering my order on their website, with no questions asked 3 days later I got two new screens.
 It came with step by step instructions, a wet wipe and a dry wipe to clean the screen, that bubble remover card thing and Dust/Scratch Hinges (??).  There is even an instructional video (that I didn't watch but, probably should have at least for the purpose of this review.  Honestly, the step by step directions were good enough).  Fingerprint marks do show up, but I don't particularly mind.  The protector feels smooth and looks fresh on my phone. I will see how long it lasts and if I need to change it, it comes in a pack of two!  It's a good buy!
 This one doesnt compare to the Origami Glass protector that I bought when I first got my iPhone 6. I had my iPhone swapped out so i needed to get a new one. This one scuffs up a little more easier than my last glass protector. It is starting to have some air pockets in the corner. All in all it does its job. If anything, I have the 2nd one as a backup. Not bad for the price I'd say.
 Really like, durable , clear
 The protector itself has saved my phone screen so many times as I am clumsy and drop it often. The protector cracks but my screen does not. Love it! I’ll defintiely reorder the product when I need.
 Good quality, dropped phone a couple of times and not a scratch or crank on this thing.
 I bought two packs of screen protector glass for an iPhone 6S and two iPhone 7.  It is a solid product and easy to put it on the screen.  The most impressive is the TechMatte Customer Service.  I asked them a solution how to fix the problem for one of the phones.  They took the responsibility and sent me a replacement without any questions.<br/><br/>My family and I are all happy with the screen protector.  The surface is so smooth and easy to clean off the finger prints. Nice product and customer service.  Both deserve five stars.
 ... nice quality. gives enough of a gap so i can put a case on my iphone 7 without any issue.. and love the easy install on this.. and all tools to install on your iphone are provided... will buy again!
 Awesome product. My friend put it on for me and said it was exceptional. She is considering this brand for her next update.
 Great product! Great price! Easy install. Definitely recommend
 We bought these for our new iPhone 7's and they fit perfectly. We put them directly on the phone under our Pelican cases for extra protection.
 Can’t believe all that came with this for the price (2 covers, cleaning supplies, installation card, dust removing stickers). Very clear instructions which means a lot coming from me since I get confused over the simplest of directions. I drop my phone daily so let’s see how it holds up for the first face down drop..
 Super easy to apply...they sent a detailed video on how to do it. Picture is unchanged with it in place.
 Fit and quality is nice.  I bought a d installed this for my wife.  I was so impressed, I bought the Note 9 version for myself and I am equally impressed.  I had tried 2 other similar products on mine and they were both far inferior quslity.
 It comes with everything you need and is easy to apply.  I don't use a case on my phone, I only use screen protectors.  This means they break more frequently for me, but I don't mind.  This is my second time ordering from this company and I've always been pleased.
 They made it very easy to use their warranty and sent me a new set after I broke my screen protectors! I would recommend this seller to a friend! Great product too. I abuse my phone and the screen protector completely saved me countless times
 Great product, fits with case, used them last time and when I dropped my phone it broke, but my actual phone screen remained unbroken. Bought again to replace. Would recommend
 If you are one of those people that peels/plays with the edges, don't get this one. It makes bubbles easily if you play with it. Then there is no going back. But still good quality, no cracking/scratching.
 This item didn’t come in at all, all I received was an empty box with dust removal stickers only, no screen protector included.  What a disappointment!!!
 Easy to install. It’s durable and clear.  The bubbles seem to be sitting on the edges. Other than that this is probably the best screen protector I had.
 Essential for the phone! Money worth!
 This screen protector is very nice. We got Otterbox  Defender and didn't like the feel of the integrated screen protector, so we removed it and put this on. We were able to put the Defender back on and now have the best of both.
 The only brand I buy to protect our electronics!
 Very nice, easy to put on my phone. Will buy again in the future.
 Screen Protectors came in next day and was exactly as pictured! Step by step instructions that were very easy to follow. Only problem is that one of the cleaning packets was empty (purple one) and the other had two... packing error but not that big of a deal. Will update review if anything happens!
 Easy to install even though the instructions weren't as clear as they could have been.
 Easy to put on. Nice and clear.  Good instructions.
 Good buy and price. Would purchase again.
 Bought this for my wife's iPhone 8. Easy to put into place, fits great, looks great. Time will tell how it stands up, but seems to be a quality product.
 its ok have had to test it yet AkA dropp or scratch test it.  wife gets a different brand that sets itself and no bubbles.  this one i have 1 little bubble(dirt speck)
 Very easy to place on the phone and to position so that no air bubbles are underneath the protector. I am liking the feel/look of this way better than the super thin protectors. Also, it sits in a good position away from the edges of the phone so that the phone case doesn't rub on it and loosen the corners. My favorite screen protector so far.
 Oh my gosh I am writing my review two years after purchasing this. That’s because my screen protector has lasted that long. It had some hairline cracks so I decided to replace it with the second one in the package. Love it love it, love it. Very pleased.
 read the directions carefully and really like the screen protectors
 This is a great product and company!  I had used one already and it prevented my screen from cracking.  I tried removing the broken one without reading how to and it was difficult.  Then I was trying to install the second one and I accidentally broke it.  I contacted the company and they sent me two more just because I was unfamiliar with how they worked.  These two went on very easy for me and my wife.  Here's to no more cracked screens.  Thanks TechMatte!
 product is low cost but quality is good. I've been using this brand for about 4 years and the glass protectors are really good. Also, i just found out they came with lifetime warranty that includes 2 free replacements so that's pretty good. Def would recommend and will probably be buying again.
 Well worth the cost. Have saved many many screens. The tempered glass is best because it absorbs the impact and shatters vs the screen shattering.
 Great company and able to take it off and put back on if needed.
 best protector yet. perfect fit, easy to install, great price and lasted a long time before i finally cracked it. and after that, it still read my finger just fine.
 I rarely write reviews but I am so impressed with these screen protectors. I recently dropped my phone face down on a tile floor. This protector cracked(as seen in the photo) but my phone’s screen was perfectly fine. Since this was a 2-pack I replaced it the same day and moved on. It’s a lot easier to replace the screen protector than get a new phone.
 This is a great screen protector. I’ve had others that were more expensive and did not hold up nearly as well. It also has a great feel to the touch. I will continue to use their products.
 Easy to install, great quality. No reason to spend 30 bucks in store.
 It's about .045" short on the width to cover the full screen of an iPhone 6, I'm a die-maker and I have the tools to measure such things.  I have another protective cover on a different iPhone 6 that is larger, this is what I'm comparing it against.
 Great protection for our iPhones.  Easy to apply.  The 2-Pack is great because you always have one on reserve ready to go.
 These are cheap, and thankfully so. The edge on my iPhone 6 protector started to spider/crack on day two. Due to the fact that these protectors are ever so slightly more narrow than the screen (again.. Screen, not phone) the crack is a HUGE ANNOYANCE. Would not buy again and would not recommend.
 Tempered screen protector is great. No bubbles, and they give you a moist cleaning towel and a dry one to clean your phone screen before applying. Easy to apply, great to use with a case that does not have a screen protector
 I had purchased a different brand when I first bought my 7 and was so disappointed in the product. It bubbled and cracked, though at least my screen didn't. Having gone through 4 films just since last fall, I was hestitant to go with the glass protectors again. I am so glad I did, however. THIS WAS THE BRAND I SHOULD HAVE BOUGHT. Affordable, easy to apply, and durable. I'm not super rough on my phone, but these are great. And they don't affect phone function at all. They don't quite reach the edges, but it's my understanding that that's due to the slope of the screen. Honestly, you don't really notice unless you're looking for it. You'll be happy with these.
 I bought this for my iPhone 6S. The picture quality is great, and application was very easy, but the edge of the protector doesn’t seal. There’s a constant “bubble lining” around the edges that I can put my fingernail under it and I can’t get it to go away. So I’m returning it.
 These are great. The pack includes everything you need: the screen protector, a wet and dry wipe to clean your screen, a polishing cloth, and even stickers to pick up dust to avoid bubbles. Great product!
 It took going through a few screen protectors to land on this one and I've been very satisfied.
 wish it had a stencil like my note 8 version of this protector, but still good
 We have had our screen protector for a couple weeks and so far we love them. Easy to put on and this is actually the second ones we have bought both my teenage son and I have dropped our iphones to pick them up and thinking the screen was cracked but no it was just the screen protectors love them. Will definitely buy again!
 Works great easy to put on
 I like these. Seem to make the phone respond even better with them on compared to without it. I don't know, maybe that is just what I think but regardless, I like these, have them on my iphone 6. Very easy to apply, great instructions.
 You can’t ask more for the price!!!
 Just put it on so I guess I can't comment on its actual effectiveness, but it was so easy to put on, no bubbles, super clear, I'm so happy! And it's nice and thick so I'm feeling confident that it will protect my screen. I just ordered one for my iPad too!
 Good product. Has two glasses in it. Protects my screen
 Best investment for iPhone 6-8. Been using this tempered glass for several years. Customer service is best.
 Installation was a breeze, although it was easier because I had just installed a competing screen on another phone and knew to use the hinges.  The instructions provided with this product would have been a little short if it had been my first attempt.  That said, the tabs at the end made handling the screen very easy.  Small thing, but much better than trying to hold the edges trying not to smudge it.  As disclosed, the screen protector does not cover the whole screen.  That was true of that other screen as well.
 The protector is exactly what I needed for my kids' phone.  Arrived quickly and was easy to put on.
 Works perfect so far. Nice and clear, able to put on easily. Cannot say how good it will be from protection of the screen perspective yet.
 Great product!!! The packaging and all the content is everything you will need. I have purchased other brands and they did not include as much. Definitely worth the money and a great value for the price.  It includes wet and dry wipe, screen cleaner.  What I love the most is the clear tabs to hold the screen you can't mess this up. The only reason I am giving 4 stars is because it fits the iPhone 7 exactly on the screen.  Needs about 1/4 more of an inch to fit the sides/ bottom and top.
 Been using the product for many years and it is amazing. Didn’t save the phone when I pinched it with the trunk but no protector would do that. Ordered another one but accidentally the wrong size. The company’s greed to replace it with no charge and no problems. Absolutely amazing costumer service experience. Will recommend to anyone!
 Overall, I like how smooth the the protector feels, very similar to the glass on the phone itself. Major problem I had was bubbling issue and dust, but where I live there is dust everywhere so it was hard to avoid. I had to use both of the protectors because the first time trapped way too much dust even though I cleaned my phone and tried to do everything as quickly as possible.
 Not exactly the right size, smaller than the screen. Already cracked. Not durable! Might be less expensive but not the same quality a Zagg
 Love it. Easy to put on your phone. No bubbles or dust. Great product and no issues while using my phone. Thanks!!!
 Doesn't quite cover the entire face of the phone, but it protects well
 I purchased these screen protectors over a year ago and I loved them! I only needed one so I ended up giving the other to my brother when he switched out his phone. For some reason though, the screen protector broke once he put it on. I emailed TechMatte about it and they sent me another pack, free of charge!
 I commend TechMatte for their excellent application instructions and follow-up via email. The tempered glass screen was easy to install and doesn't inhibit any of the touch screen features of my iPhone. however, I do prefer the look of my iPhone without the added glass screen protector as I now see the lip of the screen protector before the edge of my case.
 I purchased these for my phone and for my daughter's phone after I decided I no longer wanted to use s full-coverage phone case.  She keeps her phone kind of wherever, tosses it in her bag, back pocket, etc.  She's already cracked screen protectors a few times and proceeded to crack this one within the first month she had it on her phone.  The protector was SHATTERED, but the actual phone screen?  Unblemished.  I am 6 months in and going mostly strong.  I did drop my phone once, while it was in its case, and the upper left-hand corner of the protector broke off but the rest of the protector is still intact.  I would much rather purchase another $8 protector pack of two than have to replace an actual phone screen.  These things do the job well and are very easy to apply.
 Screen Protector doesn't stick around the edges of the phone and makes it easy for the glass to crack.  Mine cracked a couple hours after putting it on and I don't put my phone through a lot.  I'll have to look into other brands.
 Simple easy directions to apply so you don't mess it up applying the protection glass
 Great Product, Quality,Price, fits well, easy to apply, plus  3d touch capable, about durability and protection time wil tell i have to update on that later, over all i am very happy customer:) i do recommend to my friends and to anybody this product and seller!!:)
 I did not like this product.  I found the screen protector difficult to place and remove all the air bubbles.  The edges of the screen protector started peeling off within the first week after I placed it on my phone.  I also found that it was slightly too small on the screen.
 Protects phone very well.
 Great step by step instructions. Everything provided in the package to do a flawless application! Just be careful lining up the screen and make sure it's perfect before you set it. I wasted one of the pieces because I messed up :(
 Great value for money and I’m happy with the product!
 Screen Saver is doing its job GREAT!<br/>Easy to put on just follow the directions. Do need a steady hand to put on screen saver.
 I gave two stars instead of one because it at least took the brunt of the fall. My phone did not have a case tho so perhaps this is an unfair criticism.  However another problem was that it did not adhere properly around the edges...  perhaps contributing to my cracked screen.
 Fits my iPhone 7 perfect and has done the job- I have repeatedly dropped my phone and no damage to my phone's screen. Would purchase again.
 Very good quality and super easy to apply... It took around 3 minutes to apply. I recommend.
 Affordable. Easy to install. Works great. Have never had a phone screen break while protected by these protectors. I always buy from TechMatte instead of local retail. Same great protection, but much more affordable cost!!
 Can’t say much I bought the wrong one. I misread it and thought it was for the Plus phone said too.
 I have been buying the Zagg brand screen protector for all of our devices since it has a lifetime warranty, but they would chip or crack almost as soon as I would replace it. This protector is less expensive than the shipping cost to replace the Zagg and it has yet to crack or chip after 1 month. Would definitely recommend.
 Works great on iPhone 7.  It will crack if damaged, but saves your phone in the process
 Went on easily and my phone still responds when I use it. I haven't dropped my phone yet so we'll see how it works when I inevitably do.
 Was a little nervous because the price was so cheap compared to Verizon and Bestbuy.  Did not even realize it was for two screen protectors.  Yes, they are good quality tempered glass with great instructions and wipes, etc. for two installs.  Great product and the company who sold it followed up the day I received it and about a week after.  I order a lot on Amazon and have to say this was is a great product all the way around.
 I am admittedly a lazy product reviewer.  I felt the need to come here and say, this product saved my phone from a costly screen replacement.  After dropping my phone over the course of a year, the most recent drop shattered the glass screen protector, but left my iPhone 6 completely undamaged.  Easily the most cost-effective safety measure you can take for your phone.
 I accidentally dropped my perfume bottle on my phone this morning while rushing around getting ready for work. I felt my stomach sink when I saw the deep, round crack which resembled a windshield that had been hit by a rock at high speed. I was afraid to peel the screen cover off, but so relieved when I did and saw that my actual screen was 100% in tact. I'm so thankful that I purchased the two pack because I was able to immediately replace the cracked one. I absolutely recommend this product!
 Easy instructions, great product.<br/><br/>I'm not super great at putting things like on my electronic devices, but this was so easy! And it looks great! Love the feel...you can't even tell it's on!
 Great product! Have gone through two of these screen protectors since buying my iPhone 8 a year ago. Both times I dropped my phone screen down in a parking lot (clumsy, I know!) but with my otter box case and this glass screen protector my phone was unharmed. The screen protector cracked, but the glass underneath was unharmed, so I simply needed to swap out the damaged screen protector and my phone was as good as new.
 These screen protectors are the bomb! I love how the come with everything you need in its little box so its easy to install anywhere!!
 I am always nervous buying these shields/films for my phone, but I am really pleased with this one. It was really really easy to put on my phone. Struggling to get the screen dust free, oil free etc is a pain, but they provide a wipe to clean and dry off the phone. It was quick and easy to put on the shield, no bubbles!!!! I have replaced my film twice because of bubbling during the installation process, but this shield didn't bubble at all. It's a little thicker but it does not interfere with the phone touch screen at all. I am very pleased with it. Also you get two in the package in case you need it.
 Just put it on - simple enough to do.  I didn't realize there was a layer to remove after getting rid of the air bubbles - was concerned for a second I had scratched the new glass.  So far, so good!
 It’s not very sticky, I guess it’s sticky enough to just attach to the phone but it wouldn’t last long over time. Although the amenities (wet rag, dry rag, dust remover) that came with it were good and all the instructions to put on the phone were clear which was nice.
 Easy to install, no noticible bubbles, and very reasonable price.<br/>I have not dropped my phone so not sure how durable it is. I hope I never have to find out but I will update this review if I do.
 This is plastic and the adhesive is garbage.
 Easy to install - no water or fluids! Bubbles disappear quickly and it doesn't separate from the phone. The beveled edges are easy on the touch and the glass is very clear. Definitely recommend.
 great product for the price
 Great price and they last
 Shortly after u received the screen protectors I received an email from the company (not Amazon) that had a link for application videos, helpful tips and a link if I needed any additional help. I thought that was impressive but didn't realize how helpful it would be until I cracked the screen protector a few weeks later. I dropped my phone pretty hard and cracked the corner of the screen protector (did a great job saving my phone). I emailed the company and got a reply immediately saying they would start the replacement process. I am satisfied with the the screen protector but even more impressed with the customer service.
 I'm so glad we're always provided with two of the films because sometimes we mess up with the first one. So far, these have served us very well helping to keep our screens clear and scratch-proof.
 These are awesome screen protectors, they are very durable.
 Great product, works as describe and received on time.
 So far so good.  My last tempered glass cost me $35 at AT&amp;T and didn't even last through one fall.  The phone fell off of my car seat and landed on the pavement.  With a case on and the AT&amp;T tempered glass, the phone screen shattered (the tempered glass was barely scratched obviously not absorbing the fall.)<br/><br/>I've already dropped my new phone with this new tempered glass and neither the phone nor the screen have a mark on them.
 Easy to put on, so far great product
 Followed directions exactly. Too many bubbles to use or remove no matter how careful. The tabs on the ends were too thick and trying to break them away tore the protector. Not worth returning due to the information you need to give them.
 Pretty good! I’ve dropped my phone many times with an Otterbox and with a simple case and my phone screen is still perfect!
 I've tried numerous different glass screen protectors for my iPhone 8 from Amazon and this is definitely the best.  Very good quality, the tools (wipes, card, etc.) for installation are great quality too.  No air bubbles and no streaks/scratches after more than a week.  Plus you can't really beat the price.
 I’ve been using this brand for years and have never had a problem but I have found numerous issues dealing with just the iPhone 8. The edges never stay down, it will apply ok but give it about 30 minutes and the edges pop up. I tried with 3 different kits and 2 different iPhone 8’s and the problem persists.
 Fast shipping and great quality
 These screen protectors are really easy to apply.  There are tabs on the top plastic covering that you can hold while positioning it so that you do not have to tough the protector itself while aligning it.  There was not problem with air bubbles at all.
 I have placed dozens of screen protectors in y day, which means I have screwed up quite a few.  To be honest, this is the best quality product I have seen.  It's better than ZAGG (which I love) and basically does exactly the same thing for less $$$.  At this price point, you cannot afford to leave your screen unprotected- give them a shot!
 Thank you Thank you Thank you
 My wife cracked her iPhone 7 screen a little.  It is not enough to get fixed or replace, but we wanted prevent further cracking and prevent slivers.  This product was easy to install, fit well (just slightly smaller than the full phone), and looks great.
 this is a nice clear screen protector. The instructions were clear, the application was easy, and the size and cutouts are spot on.
 Tech matte customer service is great and I trust the products that they are great quality. This purchase was my second time, the product (screen protector) is perfect.
 I’ve purchased this before so I thought I’ll just get it again since it’s dependable and saved my phone many times. This time I put it on and the next day it started peeling itself off at the top right hand corner. Idk what’s going on.
 Great product! Came with clear instructions and all the necessary equipment to prep your phone for it's new screen protector. The protector (there're 2!) itself is good and thick, and serves it's purpose well.
 Love the product, great service and follow up. Good installation instructions and very helpful video. Still I am having to reorder since didn't manage to get perfect with the first two sheets. Very hard to get perfectly dust free environment even in steamy bathroom. But any tiny speck of dust will spoil the result, so follow instructions precisely.
 Works very nice for our phone.  It easy to put on and really keeps the glass safe
 This is a great screen protector I drop my phone a lot and even after the protector cracks multiple times it’s still durable
 This screen protector came nicely packaged, was easy to apply and is holding up great! I paid 4x as much for my last screen protector that only lasted about a month. So far this one seems more durable and the price was fantastic!
 Clear and easy to apply
 Second purchase of this item. Was even easier to install this time. Just follow the instructions and you will have a clean install and solid protection for your screen.
 Really good quality!!! Easy assembly instructions. It brings tabs so you can center in good position the screen protector. I love how the screen looks on my phone. Not like other screen protectors that look cheap. Really worth buying. It brings two tempered glass protectors so you can share with your love ones. And two assembly kit also. I would buy again.
 dropped my phone and the screen protector cracked but it protected my phone well.  The instructions on how to apply the screen protector was simple and easy.  Will definitely repurchase.
 These screen protectors go on easily and are a decent price. My only complaint was that they seem to scratch easily. But they protect the phone from being scratched so that’s just what I needed.
 These tempered glass screen protectors are the only way to go. I've had one on my HTC9 for over a year, and bought this one for my son's i6, and he agrees. Easy install, perfect fit, and the feel leaves all plastic behind. There's just no other way to go!
 This product came as described.  Everything is provided to ensure that putting the screen protector on will be a simple and easy process.  I'm very happy with this product.  I will buy from this vendor again.
 These tempered glass screens by AmFilm were as described and came with everything needed for a clean install. Customer service from Donnie and Jessie at TechMatte surpassed my expectations. I'm very pleased, and will buy future screen protectors from TechMatte.
 Exactly as advertised and I am loving it.  Got one pack and since it came with two I put one of my wife's new iPhone.  Went on easily and loved the hint of applying on the phone after running the shower on hot for a little bit (gets the dust particles calmed down in the room).  Even after a botched the first application, it came off easily enough to let my re-apply.  So far, so great.  No interference in the look or with the 3-d touch.
 These are awesome screen protectors however I ordered the wrong one...my mistake, not the sellers. I did give them to a coworker who wouldn't stop saying how great they are. I ordered the right ones today and can't wait to put them on my phone.
 Solid build, pity it is actually NOT sepcificalky designed for iPhone 8
 The product is great. I particularly like the instructions, they made the installation much easier. Have been using on my phone for a week now and I’m very satisfied. If you are looking for this kind of glass protector for your phone this is a excellent one.
 I've been going through screen protectors like crazy. I replaced mine with this one, and just so happened to drop my phone face-down from 3+ ft up within 3 hours of replacement. Yes, the protector cracked forsure but it was nice that the cracks were hardly noticeable (very thin) and I don't have glass shard splinters in my fingers!
 Great screen protector! Easy to put on the screen, seems like it is very sturdy and protective. Great price too!!
 Product came as described and provided helpful instructions and materials for cleaning the phone screen and applying the protector; however, the screen protector does not adhere to the surface of the phone around the edges.  There are air bubbles all around the edges of the phone.  I tried  applying the screen protector twice and had the same results both times.
 The tempered glass I ordered is very strong and high quality.  out of the 4 that I had purchased, one of the films that I put on my 3rd phone has some bubbles in them.  I contact their sale rep to see if there is any way to remove the bubbles, they immediately sent me the replacement without question.  I will certainly purchase from them again in the future.
 New screen went on easily following instructions.  I'm not thrilled that the screen is not as finger print resistant as others I have had.
 I purchased the screen protector for my work phone. The product is great and I would recommend. The package came with cleaning and application products and directions were easy. The protector fit my screen perfectly. All in all - very pleased!
 glass, works, wee smaller than last one but just dandy
 I have had one on my iPhone for over a year, and have never had to replace it with the other one that comes in this pack.
 This product was exactly as describe and at a great price. The instructions made it very easy to install. Will buy again if needed.
 The kit includes everything you'll need to put on the screen protectors.  The screen protector whent on flawlessly.  I have bought screen protectors for $35  didn't go on as easy and didn't include anything on the box. For the price this is a excellent product highly recommended for an iPhone 7 user.
 I NEVER write reviews, but I felt like I had to with this screen protector. I had a chip or so I thought on my screen for months, it then splintered and the whole screen was cracked. My husband brought my phone to the phone store to replace it and the manager told my husband it was just the screen protector, the glass underneath was perfect! I was shocked. I just ordered it again to replace the one that was cracked. Awesome product!!!
 One of the better tempered glass screen protectors I've come across - I was absolutely impressed with the installation procedure. Be sure to not touch the adhesive side which is the side that you peel off first, as the tabs as meant to act as a simple way to guide the screen protector onto the phone. Will definitely purchase again if I need to in the future.
 Screen protector feels and looks very thick on screen. It also barely reaches the edges of the screen. Has protected my iPhone 8 well so far, I just don’t like the feel and look of the screen protector.
 Do not listen to the negative reviews. I bought 2 (2 packs) and installed on 4 iphone 6s's. They install so easily with no bubbles. Yes, it doesn't go all the way to the edge because if it did the phone case would cause it to peel up. The design is perfect.
 Great product, easy to install!  Definitely recommend. Used it on my kid's 6s. This is my second order. With my daughter's sports and tossing the phone in backpacks, dropping while walking to fields, this is a great solution to screen protection. The touch and screen responsiveness is great.
 Received item ordered in a well packed box that contained item as exactly as ordered. Product was easy to utilize and easy to apply after reading the directions
 I was very happy with the quality of this screen protector.  I'm on my second one and recommend it for everyone.
 Phone fell face first onto an unforgiving warehouse concrete floor. I immediately fear the worse being that the protective screen was shattered in several places. However I will not congratulate you people on doing your job correctly. Thanks though.
 I have purchased these many times. They are good quality and come exactly as advertised. The only thing keeping me from giving it a 5 star review is that they show fingerprints pretty easily and dull the colors on the phone very slightly. This is barely noticeable though, and I still highly recommend these.
 Very high quality! Package contained all the necessary materials and prep cloths for two perfect dust free installations in minutes! End result looks great on both phones!
 Love this screen protector! I ended up with a slight bubble and after two days it worked itself out somehow. Protector is crystal clear, you can't even tell there's anything over the screen, display looks beautiful! The handles for putting it on were also a nice touch.
 Major halo effect on the Iphone 7. Tried both screen protectors and got the same result. Any particles in the air easily attract to the sticky side of the screen protector and almost impossible to get rid of them. I would not buy this product again. It shattered as I removed it from my phone.
 I bought this for my husbands new Iphone 7. It seems to work fine so far. Easy instructions and easy to put on the phone. I will update this review once/if the glass breaks.
 I love the amFilm tempered glass cover for my iphone.  The clarity of the screen is amazing!  The vendor directions were great to help us apply this.
 Dropped phone and glass cracked but phone screen also cracked...did not protect phone
 These are THE BEST!!!  I have ordered these twice now and would continue to, as needed.  They are well packaged and very simple to use.  They stay on your phone until you are ready to remove them.  They remove very simply and neatly.  They even come with a single use moist-dry wipes pack to clean your screen before you apply the protector.  Can't go wrong with this purchase!
 I don’t write reviews that often but I wanted to write a review for this product because it just saved my phone. I’ve dropped my phone before but have always been lucky in not having the screen damaged. Today I was upset because I dropped my phone and it looked like I finally had really done it. It looked like the screen was cracked. LUCKILY I WAS WRONG! This screen protector saved my phone screen! I am buying more right now.
 Seem to work great. My kids drop my phone constantly and the screen has been free from cracks.
 This would be perfect if the perimeter didn’t raise off the screen.
 This was a replacement for a different brand which had been on my phone for more than 2 years. It comes with excellent instructions, wet/dry wipes etc. It was extremely easy to put on and looks great.
 Easy to put on and glad it came with some kind of card to smooth out any visible bubbles and also a screen cleaner. Will buy again in future.
 These screen protectors (2) came with dry and wet wipes, tacky dust remover, static cloth and full install instructions.<br/>I put one on and am very pleased with the result. I recommend screen protectors, it's too expensive to replace the cracked glass for an accidental drop.
 Much better then the previous protector I used, which cost a lot more, looked cloudy, and didnt include the wipes and stickers to install.  Screen looks much clearer with this.
 it’s too small for the flat part of the screen. by about 1/4”, kind of a joke
 The glass protector came intact. The only problem that I have is that the glass seems to create a rainbow affect on where it ends. So basically I have two rainbows going on the sides of my phone. But this only happens when the display is white.
 Great investment for your expensive cellular phone.  I've been very glad to have these on my phone a few times.  When installing, just take your time and line them up and make sure your device is clean.
 Really easy to put on and looks great! Dropped my phone 3x since having this screen and no cracks!
 Very easy to install.
 The product was exactly as described, protected in a safe case, easy to apply, and it arrived quickly.  Friendly team!
 Very pleased with the product as well as the seller.  They have a warranty so if the protector breaks they will replace it.  The protectors came with a manual and the instructions were easy to follow.  The few bubbles that appeared, disappeared quickly.
 Works fine for a few days, but it cracks super easily. It still protects the actual iphone screen, but eventually the cracks get to be a distraction and you have to replace the protector--good thing it came with two in the package. Will be replacing with something else when this second protector gets too cracked up to use.
 My phone takes a beating and this screen protector does an awesome job. After two years I finally need a new one. Very durable.
 Perfect fit for my iPhone 6s &amp; it was to have an extra so I could share one with my boss! His old screen protector was cracked (came from a different seller) &amp; did not fit as well as this one does.
 Works absolutely perfectly. Follow directions. Gives you everything you need.
 I have had the screen protector for a couple weeks now and have also dropped my phone several times in those weeks.  I have a cheap case with no screen cover and this protector did the job.  The protector has a small crack in it from the falls but the screen underneath appears intact.<br/><br/>I definitely recommend this product as a strong screen protector if a pricey case with a built in screen protector is out of the question.
 Dropped my phone &amp; it protected my screen very well. It only cracked alittle &amp; the screen didn’t crack at all. I’m still able to use the cracked protecter
 Will require you to remove the plastic screen cover on a Otterbox or Griffin Survivor case, which is not a big deal unless you're worried about dust / water seeping into the case.<br/><br/>Gives phone screen a clean sleek finish.  It was a bit tricky to align properly.  Comes with 2 screens, but it's not hard to remove and reapply the 1 screen if you misplace.<br/><br/>5 stars.
 Works great, has saved my phone numerous times. Well worth the money!
 Easy to apply and seems to be good quality. But the protector’s size is a few millimeters narrower than the screen which causes optical distortion on both edges. And protector’s edge seems to have residual glue which attracts dust and lint. Same issues for both iPhone 8 and 6s.
 Includes everything you need to clean and make sure there is no lint or dirt on your screen. I really liked that. Easy to apply and seems high quality. The only thing I wish was different is that it went closer to the corners, but ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
 Works great and gives excellent protection. These are much cheaper than those at the AT&amp;T store but are great quality and work just as good. I have had this for more than 1 month and it has no scratches.
 I already dropped my new phone within hours of putting on the protector film, and I'm very happy to report there was no damage done. It looks great once on, and it is very responsive to touch. I love this.
 Dropped my phone on a sidewalk and the screen shattered.  I was super bummed as it was the first time I've shattered my screen in the many years of having an iPhone.  I took the screen protector off to really see the damaged and to my amazement, the screen was perfect!  The screen protector on the other hand is what was shattered!  So I have to say this product did it's job and I was so happy it was a 2 pack!
 I followed the instructions very carefully, including the steamy bathroom and was rewarded with a beautifully clear protective film on my new iPhone 7.  I waited to remove the factory film until my protector arrived so I had no fingerprints or dust to deal with.  Extremely simple. I could not completely get the edge to lie down, but I may not have perfectly centered the film on the phone.
 This has turned out to be a very, very good product for my iPhone 8 Plus.
 Good quality and fit
 This screen protector was very easy to install. It was my first time and I had no issues such as dust or bubbles. It doesn't fit the screen perfectly but it allows for a case to be put on without any issues. The extent of the protector completely covers the "black" screen from left to right. This should give you an idea of the gap on each side. This product does not impede your ability to view what's on the screen. I would recommend a case as well. I think if you just had the protective screen on without a case it would be weird.
 Screen protector doesn't cover all the edges but that's fine (leaves room for the screen protector.)  But I dropped my phone 3 different times and used 3 different screen protectors and all of them broke. Cearly it is not a defective individual product but rather the whole product line.
 It doesn't even cover my screen!! This is the worst screen protector I've ever bought !
 Works as advertised. Good price. Easy to install like most other screen protectors. And you get 2 in the box. I ordered the wrong size accidentally. But used it for my wife's phone instead.<br/><br/>We'll have to see how it holds up to drops.
 Item as described. Easy to install. Very durable.
 These are pretty indestructible, I’m an iPhones worst nightmare trust me
 did end up returning this only due to the fact that I have an iPhone 6s plus, and this is for the iPhone 6/6S/7.  love their screen protectors tho..
 Great product easy to install no bubbles.
 Screen protector bubbled at the corners, bubbles would not go away.  Returned it for a refund
 I'm actually really impressed with this purchase. My phone is already cracked but I thought I should prevent any further issues by buying a screen protector for once. The packaging is impressive, it comes with a cloth to clean your phone with, and 2 wet wipes. The protector went on pretty smoothly. I'll make sure to remind myself to buy from this vendor again.
 Great product, and easy to install!!!  Great price, and fast shipping.  No complaints at all!
 I’m in the market for a new screen protector and wanted to repurchase the one I had previously bought. Realizing it was this one I last purchased, I realize I purchased it November 8th, 2016. This one screen protector has lasted me with minimal scratches for almost a whole 2 years. I am extremely impressed.
 Have yet to find a truly sturdy screen protector on Amazon... The price is pretty good, but it will break after a few drops.  The product does have a lifetime warranty which is nice, so you can get one replacement for free.
 Very good screen protector. I had it for a long time and it didn’t broke yet, no bubbles and no problems at all! I suggest it to anyone
 Works really well. Need to apply a bit of pressure and have some patience to get the bubbles out but finally did. Amazing how clear it is and can't see fingerprints. Highly recommend.
 Had this for 5 months and just finally changed the screen protector for the second one. I've dropped my phone multiple times and most times it landed face down and nothing happened. I did drop it once too many and the screen protector did its job. It cracked about 3 months in but it wasn't noticeable enough for me to want to change it. Even after having the crack, I dropped it again and my phone and its screen still held up. I am definitely buying more of these when the time comes. 👌🏼
 I love these glass screen protectors. I had one on my iPhone 4c that took a beating, and when I pulled it off, the actual phone screen was pristine. I look forward to seeing if this one holds up to the same standard.<br/><br/>It is a little unusual that this one is smaller than the whole front-face of the phone but it makes sense. This is a stiff plexiglass, it can't follow the curve of the phone.<br/><br/>Overall, I think this is easily worth giving it a shot. Better safe than sorry.
 Very happy with the screen protector. It was easy to apply and went on with no air bubbles. I have used this brand for other model phones and was impressed, so I ordered again for new phone.
 Bought this for my new iPhone 8.  The instructions were easy to follow, and the seller sent a video as well.  Good product!
 This is what I looked for fits for iPhone 7.<br/>Easy installation.<br/>Good price.
 I found my phone face down on the street after 3 hours of searching for it! This screen protector did its job! It was cracked all over but my iPhone screen is 100% intact. Whew!
 GO OUT AND JUST BUY A GOOD AN ACTUAL PROTECTOR. This is a waste of literally 7 dollars. I dropped my phone and the this protector did nothing. When i emailed customer service, they told me it was basically for wear and tear..<br/>Don't waste your money. Just pay the extra money from Zagg.
 Was pretty easy to apply, even a idiot like me could do it. And I’ve dropped my phone like 12 times and no cracks yet
 Can't believe how well this worked... No bubbles, fits perfectly, and feels just like the glass on the phone. It even comes with a backup glass protector... What are you waiting for, buy now, you won't be disappointed.
 Seems like an excellent product at a fair price (unlike the Verizon and Apple stores). No problem applying the protector. Clear instructions too.
 This is the best. I drop my phone alot and it has to yet to be scratched with this screen.
 These keep breaking with me I’m on my 2nd one in the past  3 months but are supposed to have lifetime warranty. Also I haven’t dropped my phone so not really sure how they are breaking.
 i love it on my phone. It will not cover the whole black part of your screen, only because the screen is curved. If the screen protector was bigger then it will be prone to peeling. :) i like this screen protector. money well spent.
 Been using it for a year and it still looks brand new. So good I bought it again for another phone.<br/>Once I made the mistake of trying to clean the underside of the screen protector with the wet wipe. Don't do that, it was the only one I had to trash. Luckily they send two.
 Great screen protector with detailed instructions. Last one I'd purchased had none at all so I appreciated this. Seller follows up and will help with any problem.
 Amazing, clear, easy to apply tempered glass screen protectors! I've dropped my phone already many times are tiled floor and my screen is fine. The tempered glass protector is barely noticeable! THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE IS AMAZING!
 Fast shipper, good quality item, easy to install, very fair price!
 This is screen protector is well worth the money!! My IPhone 7 was slammed in a car door and my phone made it with not a scratch on it!! Would definitely recommend!
 It fits iPhone 7 fine. Easy to install and crystal clear. I actually don't like the opening for front facing camera. It collects dust.<br/>It should be just covered with glass.<br/><br/>People who leave bad feedback cause they dropped their phone and screen cracked, don't know what they are talking about. That's what case is for.<br/>Screen protector is there to protect screen from scratches.<br/>When phone is dropped, it will likely land on its edge. There is no screen protector that will help with that.<br/><br/>UPDATE:<br/>I reduced rating to 3 stars. Issue is surrounding home button. That lip that wraps around pointing towards center of the button, right at the bottm cracked within days. Than it became sharp and kept catching my finger and crumbling slowly.<br/>I removed the protector. Replaced with different one<br/>I have had another one, where sides of the protector go around the home button and just drop straight down. It worked much better. Actually it was fine for two years.
 Went on easily and smoothly.  IPhone still has excellent touch response-much better than my life proof.  I haven't dropped my phone yet, but I will.  I'll update review after that!
 Good stuff good price too.
 Great product for the price. It comes with 2 protectors.
 I needed to replace my old screen protector, and having never put one on myself, I was quite nervous. This came with everything I needed and made it very simple. Success! And now I have extra should I need it!
 Great product. I used this for my iphone 7. At first the edges of the screen protector lifted off the screen slightly so I had to rub it firmly onto the phone. After that, it stays on perfectly.
 Just received these for use on two iphone 8's. Easy to place - one even had an air bubble and I was able to remove it and reapply perfectly. No problems with attaching around the edge. There is a small space between the edge of the case and the screen protector but it looks fine.
 The best screen protector I've ever used!!! And I've used a LOT of them! Comes with wet and dry wipes and dust removing stickers and awesome directions including tips on how to apply bubble free! No bubbles, no scratches, best protector!!
 Easy to apply, seems a bit small on the top edge, but I feel confident that it will protect my screen. I love these tempered glass screen protectors, and this one comes in a 2 pack. They try to sell a similar one as a single at the cell phone store for $30!!
 These are super easy to put on and they look great, they don't stay on as long as I'd like though. The price is decent though, so I'd buy again.
 Great customer service. Replaced my screen when the one I received cracked when applying.
 Great product. The packaging, instructions and communication by the company are also quite good.  This was a breeze to install compared to similar glass protectors. Would definitely purchase again.
 Okay. I just wanna say like, damn. So I after receiving my order a earlier this week, I finally put it on today. It is so choice. If you have the need, I highly recommend buying from this company.<br/><br/>It was well packaged, with everything you could possibly need to install this thing. The directions were super simple, with everything labeled accordingly. It also came in an actual box and no just plastic, so the second one is easily and safely stored away for later use!
 Super easy to put on and no dust got stuck underneath if follow instructions. I can't stand dust/particles underneath my screen protectors, and always struggle with putting it on. This screen protector was super easy to put on, the tabs are great help for position.<br/><br/>The screen doesn't fit the iPhone 7 screen completely, there's s a sliver of uncovered screen. The company stated that due to the curved edge of iPhone 7, the protector is designed not covered the entire screen.
 Great product so far. Easy installation, just follow the simple instructions and you should be please. The product has a smooth feel and does not alter the screen image or colors. I'm a first time user of this product. Should there be any changes I will update my feedback. I'm satisfied with this purchase.
 So far so good, very good material.
 Gets the job done. Very good screen protector
 Update: the two small clusters of bubbles which I reported in the earlier review have spontaneously disappeared. Don't know why. Heat from pocket or ?? Anyhow all is now perfect.
 Just received this today, but the application kit is great! Comes with two glass screen protectors, two sets of wet/dry wipes, and a little thing that smoothes out the bubbles. My protector went on perfectly the first time, it just takes patience to align it correctly with your iPhone camera/home button. Overall very satisfied with this product, hopefully I won't drop my phone to find out how well it works!
 Great product. Of all the years and all the screen protectors, this by far was the easiest ever to put on and NO BUBBLES!! Just put it on 2 brand new IPhone 8's, so we'll see how it goes from here, but a GREAT start for sure!!
 Doesn't fit full screen. Leaves off just a tiny bit. Feels better than last screen protector I had, like you can't tell it's there because it actually feels like the screen. Definitely noticeable.
 Very easy to apply and works well
 Replaced the old cracked one on my husbands phone, but the screen was still perfect
 Works as described
 Super easy to apply, best Ive used.
 In the past I took my phone to the Verizon store to have them replace the screen protector on my phone.  Your instructional videos gave me the confidence to replace my screen protector myself. Removing the old protector and installing the new one was quick and easy!  The protector looks and functions great! Thank you for a great product that saves me time and money..
 It does the job, which is why it gets four stars. But I have gone through about 8 of these protectors and every single one has the same problem. After maybe 3 weeks to a month, they begin to separate at the edges and I get giant air bubbles under the protector. It's obnoxious for aesthetic purposes, but as I mentioned, it has still protected my screen from cracking many times.
 Great product<br/>Pros:<br/>Easy to install<br/>Price<br/>Spare if needed<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>A bit thick - would prefer slightly thinner glass<br/>A bit narrow
 I dropped my phone twice.  Once on rocks while camping and the other in asphalt parking lot.  The protector cracked a little and my phone screen was safe both times.  Highly recommend this item.
 The tempered glass protector is great so far. I wish I had it when my phone dropped face down on concrete. Very easy to apply, no bubbles and no problems. The cut out for the speaker and fingerprint reader are exact and it fits well with my Ballistic case
 One of the best screen protectors I've used and i used quite few. Very easy to install on you phone i got it right the first time. Most important thing for me was that it have cutout for proximity sensor because i had problem with previous screen protector covering my proximity sensor and my phone wasn't working like it spouse to. Another thing the product is relatively cheap to give it a try especially it comes as a two pack. Really nice glassy touch easy to clean even with your sleeve as of right now I give it 5 but will update as I use it.
 Saved my screen!! Easy to install and use!!
 Like several of the reviews on here my screen protector does not stick to the corners or edges of my phone.  I watched videos, read the instructions and reviews but unfortunately neither of the protectors went on smooth.  It seems like a crap shoot when buying these items from different manufacturers
 Prompt arrival, clear instructions, simple installation, crystal clear, can't ask for anything better!
 I had used a different brand before these, and I like these way better. Not only do you get two for what I paid for one before, but the tabs for holding while placing it on the phone work great.
 I have had the cover on my phone for a month now and no issue. I would pay it again.
 Amazing preparation materials, I've never been able to successfully put a glass screen protector on almost perfectly but with this I got pretty close.
 Excellent quality screen protector. Very happy with purchase.
 I like how easy this screen protector is to attach to the phone and that it comes with cleaning wipes that is nice. And so far it seems pretty durable bc i have dropped my phone a couple of times and no cracks so far. But i am not too happy with the size the screen protector is too narrow and I have the iPhone 6 and even with a case there is a gap between where the screen protector is and my case which makes me worry about dirt getting trapped there and its a bit awkward when i need to maneuver things closer to the edge of my screen. Besides that i am happy with it.
 First one bubbled up, probably my fault, but I threw it out and the second one installed perfectly. Problem was that it cracked within the first week from just being in my pocket. No idea how that happened, but pretty disappointed.
 I had this screen protector for a week now on my IPhone 6s and the product is excellent! Even though I have not seen the full potential of the product  yet], I had a minor drop on the carpet, nothing big but the amFilm still protected the screen. My tempered glass is a little offset, because I rushed the installation, but my second phone that I covered came out great! The instructions were very easy to follow, but getting the film perfectly inline with the phone is the tricky part. DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID, "Take your time, do it right!" (my favorite saying)
 Second time purchasing. Nice buy! Provides strong screen protection. I dropped my phone many times and only the protector was cracked, my phone screen was saved! And that's the purpose of buying a screen protection! Depending on how the phone is dropped depends on if the screen protection cracks. Good investment though, and this is the only company I found that works for me!
 I ordered this for the second time, big mistake. I cracked within two days and started peeling away from the phone screen. I will not be buying the product again.
 I'm sure these are great, They came well packaged and with ample supplies to clean and apply to your phone... but I realized too late that they are for the smaller size iphone. If you search "iphone 6 PLUS glass screen protector" these are the "best seller" when in fact they are not for the plus. They seem high quality though, so if you have the smaller size they'd be perfect! I guess my boyfriend is going to get some new screen protectors out of this...
 Simple, easy, cost effective, and I've had really good communication and service from this company in the past.  It has also prevented my phone screen from cracking numerous times and saved me a lot of money from someone who is very hard on his phone.  Granted, the tech matte screen breaks instead, but at the price they sell it for, it's so worth it.
 Exactly as described, plus amazing customer service! I put the screen protectors on both our phones and had a few tiny bubble I couldn’t get out of one, but after about an hour it seems the glass settled and all the bubbles were gone. Definitely would buy again!
 Easy to apply, is high quality and most importantly is about a quarter the price compared to buying a comparable product at AT&amp;T store.
 By far the easiest application of a screen protector to an iphone ever with instructional video and cleaning wipes. Now let's hope it protects the phone as I expect it to.
 It was easy to install. This is my second order.
 The glass came very well packaged. When I put on the glass there were no bubbles. But i then noticed that bubbles started to appear. Also, the glass screen didn't fit the phone. It was short on both sides of the screen. I am not impressed with this. Do not buy!
 This product is very good and at a good price. I followed the installation directions carefully and had an excellent result. A nice clear screen protector.
 Good quality, good price, works well.
 Had it on for about a week, so far so good. Super easy to put on and screen is protected while still maintaining the touch sensitivity.
 Super easy! Went on with no bubbles. Thick glass and feels great. Fingerprint recognition is no problem. I highly recommend this product! Posted photo just don’t mind my previous cracks on the top of my phone.
 I love all the "tools" included to help get the screen as clean as possible before application.  Now if only I could manage getting these things on straight the first time!!
 Still early so rated it a 4 but as time goes will give it a full 5 star. Goes on easy minimum bubbles around the corner edges. This is my first time using these I've used the Zagg pertection for my other phones. This brand is definitely a lot cheaper by 22.00 dollars so will take it to task.
 I had an issue with the first protector I received, the company quickly rectified the issue.  I think it's a good protector, I do with it were a little wider to cover a little more of the front of the phone.  The actual screen is covered, which is the important part.
 I have been using this product for under a month now. So far, so good. I have dropped my phone facedown once. No scratches or cracks. Product seems durable. I followed the directions and still managed to get a few tiny bubbles under the screen that won't smooth out, but I have that problem with all screen protectors. I'm guessing it's user error!
 This is an outstanding product. They provide absolutely everything you need to apply this fabulous screen protector without bubbles. The instructions were simple and easy to understand with great illustrations. The product is designed so you can’t fail to put it on correctly!
 Easy to install. Looks great. I ordered one for my mini ipad!
 Same quality as the sell at the store, but les cost. Helps keep my wife’s phone protected.
 Great design using two tabs to perfectly align screen protector when installing. Makes it much easier than others I have tried.
 Not sure why but the edges chop randomly. I do not drop my phone, just put it in/out of my pocket, and it gets chipped. This pocket is ONLY used for my phone, keys/wallet and everything else go in the other, so it's not them causing it.
 Just got this in for my 16 year old daughter.  Loved the price and that it came with 2 screen protectors.  The installation was simple and my daughter did it by herself.  So far it seems to be exactly what we expected.  I will definitely be buying more.
 Thank god for your screen protectors 😉
 One of the best packaged products I've seen, in terms of labeling and instructions. I actually had a minor insulation difficulty and the Seller was amazingly responsive and helpful. Great product and support.
 This product came with all the necessary parts and clear instructions.  Application was a snap. Very cool how the screen protector seemed to meld with the screen as soon as the two made contact. Nice coverage, perfect fit on my iPhone 6s. Very pleased.
 Not the highest quality probably, but they work. I have to replace mine more often than I'd like, but for how cheap these are I really don't care
 I've tried other products but techMatte is the best. Easy bubble free application and smooth feel
 Feels protective of the screen, doesn’t dim the sensitivity of the touch screen at all. Good quality item
 Dropped my phone and my entire screen cracked underneath. I had to buy a whole new phone :(
 Easy to use. Works. After a while it gets chipped around the edges and might separate a little from the screen around the edges.<br/><br/>Like the hinges/stickers for removing specs of dust as a final touch.
 My phone screen has never broken while this screen protector was on it. However, the screen protector does crack. I have had to replace it a few times because the cracks eventually start to chip off. It doesn't get scratched but will crack if dropped.
 They are great - just as advertised...Nice and thick yet they do not affect use.  They seem a TOUCH wide for the new iPhone 7 screen...I fear in the future it mighy want to lean up.  We shall see.
 I am very pleased with the screen protector -- it is doing a great job of protecting my new iphone! Our daughter recommended it to me.  I would highly recommend it!  Thank you very much
 To Early To Tell
 Great screen protector.  Easy to install.  Functions very well.  Not sure why anyone would pay $30 for a screen protector when you can get this one and it works just as well, or better.
 I'm a college student and had just gotten the 6S. I'm a bit clumsy with my phone so I decided to get a tempered class protector ASAP. So that this had a lot of reviews and was pretty cheap ($7.99 for a 2-pack). So bought and received it in two day (#AmazonPrime). So about a month in I dropped my phone on its face and the protector took the hit. It cracked but kept it on because it wasn't completely shattered. Dropped it again a couple days ago and still solid!! I'm going to switch out to the second screen just in case and buy another two pack because they're so well priced and work!! Recommend to anyone!!
 No issues with this screen protector. Even my daughter (who goes through 1 about every 2 weeks) had not cracked hers until yesterday (a solid month this time).
 I cracked my phone screen a few months ago, but I thought it would be expensive to repair. I thankfully realized that only the glass screen protector needed to be replaced. This product was quick and easy. I feel like I have a new phone. Only took me about 5 minutes to take off my cracked screen and place this new one.
 Got this to protect a replaced screen. Not only did it fit well but I like the feel of it, stays smudge free longer than without it and in no way hinders the picture or touch screen capacity.
 This film did its job!! Rarely drop my phone but did just yesterday. I thought I shattered the glass face. I peeled this film off...NO damage to my phone! Was all the film. So glad I used this!!
 Five stars because my daughter dropped her phone and this screen protector saved her screen. That in itself is enough for me give an excellent rating!
 great product and easy to apply, safe my phone a couple of times
 Loved it!!<br/>For the last case I ordered, it came with a screen protector and everything else, but my most current case didn't. I was worried I wouldn't get an alcohol pad or something to clean it with but I was not disappointed. It also came with very clear instructions, but there were bubbles that remained. I just popped the protector on but it left a bubble that if I squeezed it out it just came back with a dirt of ring around it with rainbow colors like an oil spill. Everything else but the bubble was great though.
 This screen protector was one of the easiest protectors to apply to my phone. Affordable and easy is the best!
 Great ,does the job.
 Easy application, fits phone well, offers good protection, does not affect screen resolution. Also very cheap pricing! I recommend.
 I drop my phone a lot, so I went for an affordable and durable screen protector. I've dropped my phone (screen down from way too many heights) and there hasn't been a single crack in the protector. It's also kind of smudge proof, easy to clean, and very smooth to the touch! Love it!
 I put this on my brand new phone and had it on for one day when it broke from being in my bag, and actually damaged the side of my phone. Since then I’ve gone without a screen protector for a whole year perfectly fine. Wouldn’t recommend this to people.
 Works great! Easy to install on Iphone<br/>Box of two windows. Great price
 I have an iPhone 7 and it doesn’t fit 10% of the screen, the package says it’s normal because “that way it fits well and doesn’t lift” I’ve had full screen covering Ones that worked. My phone screen chipped on the edge because of this. SAVE YOUR MONEY SAVE YOUR MONEY SAVE YOUR MONEY
 I constantly crack my tempered glass screen protectors so im always replacing them. This product is my favorite because it is super easy to apply! Will definitely purchase again.
 The screen protector was so easy to install I almost thought I'd done it wrong, except that I'd watched the recommended installation video on YouTube. It looks great on my phone and seems to be functioning very well. At this price, I'd definitely recommend to others and purchase again for myself.
 Don't try the shower method! I just got the screen protector today and when applying it I thought there was just moisture and it was! But after letti hit sit in the heat for hours it would not go away. I still have the second screen protector and when I apply the second one I'll update.<br/><br/>UPDATE: the bubble free application is total bull. all the screen protector did was be a dust magnet when applying the second one. Honestly don't buy this product. It's not worth it.
 Perfectly as described. Thank you. Your product fit perfectly and your directions were excellent.  I would buy this from you again in the future
 Perfect fit for my iPhone 6s.  Sturdy, crystal clear glass, that appears to resist finger smudges better than most glass protectors.  Kit comes complete with all you need to install two protectors.  Higher quality than other brands I have ordered and used for other models of iPhones.  Fantastic customer service.
 This was the easiest screen protector that I have installed yet!  Has guides to make it super easy to get the screen protector on straight and without bubbles.  Will definitely purchase again.  As for durability, just put it on yesterday, so too early to tell how durable it is.
 Great quality. Second time ordering these for my other phones.
 This screen protector is fine. There are some minor air pockets on my screen but those were my fault. It works well with my case, the Rhinoshield bumper case, and still covers the whole screen. And the 2nd one it comes with is pretty handy if you're really clumsy and don't have a case.
 These went on my wife's phone and mine with ease and not a bubble in sight.<br/>I'm trying not to test the strength, but in the 2 drops I've had so far both the screen and protector came out fine.
 Love this screen protector.  Easy to put on. Second time I bought it. Daughter has had her same one on for over a year with out problem and still looks good. Just got new phone and put it on mine. So easy to do
 It’s clear. ✅<br/>doesn’t quite match up to the margins.
 This is easy to put on and easy to keep clean . Thank you it fits nicely to my iPhone 8
 It's Doesn't feel like tempered glass, but it works great so far! Delivery was quick too. Easy it install, I'm pleased with this product. I would buy it again from the same vendor. Good price, and service.
 Works well good quality
 Easy to install if you follow the directions and you end up with a great screen protector. No complaints.<br/><br/>The instructions were clear and the packaging was fine.
 Great screen protector! My phone's screen looks better than ever thanks to this! I would totally recommend this anyone who is looking to buy a screen protector
 This is my 2nd or 3rd time buying this brand and it fits my phone perfectly every time and has saved my phone screen countless times.
 Second purchase of this high quality Screen Protector Glass....used for many phones in household. Application is flawless if directions followed. Perfect fit on any applicable iphone.
 This screen protector works great!! You two for the price of one! You get two glass screen protectors, two sets of wet and dry naps one squeegee to apply the protector and it comes with an installation paper to how you how to intstall. For iPhones 6S 3D Touch still works the same, nothing has changed. I was really skeptical in buying a screen protector from amFilm cause I've never heard of them but they are great give it try!! Morning well spent! And I'm a kind of cheap so you know it's money well spent!!
 I just ordered these screen protectors for my new iPhone 6s. I looked at other similar brands and decided to try this one out. I hate applying screen protectors on a device because of air bubbles. BUT ...the kit included in the packaging makes everything super easy!!! Best part was NO AIR BUBBLES!!! The tabs made it easy to adjust and move the screen protector to fit the screen. I am extremely satisfied with this product. I will definitely be buying from them again later on. Awesome brand...inexpensive...awesome quality!! Thank you Techmatte!!
 I was a little hesitant about doing this myself but once I got the old protector off, putting this one on was a breeze.
 Had it one for less than a week and already shattered
 I bought the two pack after I had to pay for a new screen, and I have used BOTH of them. Twice now, I have dropped my phone and saw a crack or cracks on the screen. I was terrified, but I pulled back the tempered glass and it SAVED my phone! I have the IPHONE 6s, and installation is a breeze! I"m so thankful I bought these.
 I purchased this for my mom’s IPhone 8 and it fit perfectly! The instructions were very clear and it was so easy to apply to the phone and to get rid of any bubbles. For the price and the fact that you get two screen protector I feel like it’s a really good deal. I would purchase again!
 I busted my wife's original iPhone 6 cover.  This was a great price.  It went on very easy.  My wife has not had any issues with touch sensitivity.  It works great.
 Very easy to put the screen on, meticulous screen, very clear....either I did well in following instruction or the screen is manufactured in a way....there were hardly any bubbles. Recommended to all who are looking for screen protector.
 I honestly never write reviews but this is the second time I use this product and it  has done everything it said it would. It was very easy to put on. One time I put it on wrong and it was easy to pull up and put back down. And a charge feature on my phone works as if there's no covering over it at all. Finally a product worth reviewing.
 Nice screen protector. Easy to apply
 Very impressed! Super easy to apply (easiest of any cover I’ve ever applied) and the image is crystal clear. It is so clear that it almost seems to magnify the screen
 Decided to go with this screen protector based on the high positive reviews and am very happy with my purchase! The process of applying the screen protector was extremely easy and quick. Went on the first time without any bubbles or problems, which is a first for me. Also love that it comes with wet/dry cleaning cloth, an extra protector, and a lifetime guarantee. Only concern for me is that it is doesn't completely cover the entire screen to the edge of the phone but apparently that's to prevent bubbling and peeling off. Overall, highly recommend.
 This review is for the glass screen protector that isn't edge to edge. Protector was small width wise but all of them are to save room for cases. My wife had no issues installing hers and slapped hers on in about 90 seconds or so, and perfectly I might add. I'm slightly OCD so it took me a little longer. Sides are hard to line up perfectly but the tabs at the top and bottom on this protector work miracles in making this task easier. Holes were perfectly cut and once I got mine to line up, it went on without issue. Wife and I are both 100% satisfied. Will order again when we need more. I'm definitely a paying customer &amp; didn't receive this item discounted in return for a review (how do you get that gig anyways?) I value other un-biased reviews when I purchase things with my hard earned money, so I figured I'd contribute.
 Received quickly, easy to apply based on very easy directions and hopefully will prevent future damage to my iphone. Very pleased so far!
 Purchased in October and it cracked fairly quickly. But it was a small crack near the thumb/home button so it wasn't a big deal. .  Today, four months out it cracked across the middle. I tried to remove the screen to make sure it wasn't my phone that actually cracked, which it wasn't. So that was good. But when I removed it, the whole thing shattered/crumbled. Maybe this is why it comes in a 2 pack.
 This is the second purchase that I have made of this screen protector although I didn't mean to buy the 2-pack this time. The screen protector is sturdy, easy to apply and scratch resistant. I have sadly dropped my phone on the face more times than I should and there has been no damage at all to the phone's screen. Great screen protector!
 I had one before and just bought it again for my daughter. She drops her phone often and I’m glad she always had this screen protector. Will definitely buy again.
 Does the job as expected. So far I have not dropped my phone so we will see about that. Was easy to install, the directions for this purpose were very clear. Feels just like the clear iPhone  glass cover to the touch and does not interfere with the use it.
 This screen protector is really strong and it hasn't gotten very scratched in the time I've had it. I haven't had any lifting or bubbles either which is awesome.
 I had a go-to screen product, but had to switch. Price was a factor, but I tried the amFilm product. Super packaging, all the items you need to apply and the screen itself is perfect.<br/><br/>Very satisfied and you have a two pack!!!!
 This is the second time I have purchased this product and I swear by it. It has provided my phone screen perfectly.
 I don't really post product reviews, but when a products works so good as this one it just had be done. Looks this product is just marvelous, as someone who drops their phone a lot, I was amazed it never crack through to the actual screen. Would recommend to anybody and everybody
 Perfect!! It comes with wipes to help you place them neatly and clean.
 This product fits perfectly and the directions are clear and easy to follow.  I would use this seller again.
 Just received this product and I am very satisfied! It was very easy to apply, more so than other glass screen protectors I have used, because there were tabs on either end of the glass that peeled off after applied. There was a small bubble at first because I got a small piece of dust stuck under the glass after the application but I was able to peel it up, remove the dust, and press down the glass without trouble. And a very good price for a two pack! I was a little worried because the protector is slightly smaller than the screen but I realized that the edges of the screen of the 6S are curved so it is as large as possible.
 I am ALWAYS dropping my phone and have probably spent over $500 in fixing broken screens (which is embarrassing to say haha). It is super easy to put on your screen and I barely notice the glass screen when I'm using my phone. I have had this for about 5 months now and have only gone through one screen-- $10 is way cheaper of a fix! 10/10 would recommend.
 Wonderful product if you install it correctly. I used the tape method on all 3 of our iPhone 6s and they are perfect. I like the feel even better than the original glass. Very smooth and no difference in operation. So much better than the flex plastic protectors.
 Comes with a great complete installation kit to clean your screen before you apply the screen protector. I wish the screen protector was a hair bigger, but I understand they made it a certain size so the phone can still fit in a case. Three of the four corners of my my screen have long bubbles lining the edge, and I can't seem to get them to go away. They may settle on their own though since they're on the corner.
 Great product and easily installed.  It may have taken 5 minutes to install including the time to review the directions.  The protector fit well around the screen and looks good after installation.
 It performs as advertised and fits just fine on my phone. The shipping was quick and with 2 in the box I have a spare if I should ever need it. Easy installation to. Just buy it, you know you want to.
 Easy installation, no problems. Fits my iphone 8 perfectly.
 Fits the iPhone 8 perfectly unlike some other brands (Belkin Invisiglass) who claim to fit the iPhone 8. Great price.
 Great quality
 I'm really impressed by this screen protector. Installation instruction were very clear and worked well, but much more importantly, the protector itself is really excellent. I almost like it better than the original phone's glass - it seems to smudge less readily, and be even more slick (in a good way, where my finger even more rarely catches accidentally on the surface). Has exceeded expectations, couldn't recommend more highly.
 I like how the glass screen doesn't even try to cover the entire iPhone 7. Terrible. What's the point if it doesn't cover the whole face of the phone? I have had glass protectors that covered the whole face - I should have gone with that company again
 Protects my screen. No issues at all. Would buy again if I needed to.
 Great product
 We just got this protector a few weeks ago but love it, we didn’t have issues bubbling, or readjusting, and it fit our iPhone 7 wonderfully. The color is great, and you can’t even tell that the screen protector is on. Will definitely repurchase when needed in the future!
 Fits well and looks great on my iPhone. Protects it from damage.
 Well this is the second time I ordered this within a week. My daughter is super clumsy. The first order one of the two screen protectors arrived broken. But the other one my daughter put on her phone. Then her phone took a tumble down sever stairs. Screen protector cracked, but it saved her phone. So I ordered another pair. So far so good.
 Product was VERY easy to install!  Everything you need to apply the protector comes with it, including detailed instructions. It seems to be protecting my screen, but only time will tell.
 Dropped my phone and this “screen protector” did absolutely nothing. It was like it wasn’t even there. I expect it at least to take some of the impact but there wasn’t much damage to the protector itself, just my screen.
 Easier to apply than I thought they would be!
 This is my 2nd pack. No broken screens so far! Can be a pain to line up correctly but definitely worth the investment.
 This is the best screen protector I’ve ever had! It was so easy to put on my screen and I didn’t have any bubbles!!
 I don't know why people buy the expensive ones from the store. These are excellent, go on easy and come in a pack of two. This is a no brainer!
 Product arrived on time and was easy to apply to phone with good instructions.
 Easy to use, good price, came just as I read. Very pleased
 It is a nice screen protector. It took me two tries to get it on without bubbles. May have been user error. Not sure.
 Easy to apply and excellent quality! I dropped my phone, and the screen protector cracked instead of my screen, just like it's supposed to do. Glad I had another in the pack! Great price too!
 As expected. Pleased with purchase and would buy again.
 Purchased for 2 Iphone's 6S and am extremely satisfied with this product. After the experience of installing protective and non glare film on a Ipad mini, I was very skeptical about this purchase. After reading some reviews and doing some research, I decided to buy. I realized I wasted a lot of time and worry because I installed this product on both phones within six minutes. The easiest job I have ever had to do and one of the scariest. Oh, I am over 75.
 Easy to put on AND covers the main screen - though it doesn't go over the new 6s curved edges.  Others don't even cover the actual screen.<br/><br/>It's crystal clear and the touch sensitive hasn't diminished at all.  And there's two in a pack!  Great value!
 Extremely easy installation, and if you mess up you have a 2nd one to learn from your errors.
 Works as it should! I love this screen protector; my phone feels very protected. The only downside is that you have to place it perfectly centered or the edges may fall where the screen starts to curve--not sticking all the way down.
 Drop my phone all the time and it’s good so far! Great price too, you can pay a lot for these.
 I will prolly just buy a different one instead of using the second one
 Received the product promptly.  Instructions and everything needed for installing the screen protector came in the box.  Installation was a breeze with no dust bubbles.  Did what was suggested--installed in the bathroom after running hot water in the shower to settle any dust.  I most pleased.  Thank you
 Works great! Only one small chip off a side of the glass after having it for months! A few spots where dust got in during the application, but all in all awesome! I am sure it has saved my phone from totally cracking!
 This protector is great, easy to apply to phone and no bubbles!!  Would buy again.
 As described
 Protector applies easily and doesn't hinder screen responsiveness to touch. Haven't dropped my device yet, so I can't speak to how well it protects against damage.
 Does the iob
 The package is great , this is my 2nd time buying it for my phone and I will continue buying it whenever i need one for myself and my fam.
 Solid purchase. Went on very easily and is a big improvement over the $45 screen protector that I bought when I originally got my phone. It doesn't go to the edges of the iphone7, but I've never had a screen protector that has, so it's a non-issue to me (especially because my phone case has enough of a lip to provide extra protection). Interested to see how it hold up when I inevitably drop my phone.
 Delivery was pretty fast. So that's a plus. It did for me what it says will do. No bubbles for example. But there is something it didn't say but some reviews said. The corners don't stick properly to the screen. I would've given it 5 stars if it weren't for the corners. Overall decent product.
 The best screen glass I’ve ever used
 Worth it!  Did not want to go the Verizon store and pay over the top $.  This was very easy to put on which is what I was most worried about.  The directions walked you step by step on how to carefully put the protector on.  It has been on my phone for about a month now, and no issues at all.  Definitely worth buying if you are trying to save $$$.
 Best phone screen cover yet
 Good price.  Easy to attach to the screen.  Haven’t dropped my phone,yet so can’t speak for the durability.  Wish it were a little thicker glass, but can’t complain because the price was very reasonable.
 I've used this specific screen protector on all my family apple products Ipad 4 mini, Iphone 6 plus, Iphone 8, and Iphone X. Has saved my son's phone from serious damage and I would definitely recommend.
 i like glass screen protectors so much better than plastic film. The touch response is almost as good as no protector at all. Highly recommend these.
 Thought this product fit an 8 plus but it doesn’t.
 Firstly, don’t waste your money.<br/>I have iPhone 6 and this screen protector doesn’t cover the whole screen nor adhered  to the edges of the phone.
 Wow! No bubbles! I did not think I could ever apply one of these properly after failure after failure. I followed the simple instructions and it went on quickly and perfectly. Fits well, too.
 Easy to apply
 All around great product. It has amazing fitment on the phone and it's extremely easy to install. The price for two of these is insane because they are extremely durable and don't crack easily. Basically if you drop your phone it's going to definitely be protected.
 Work okay. They don't cover the entire screen, but for the price they're not too bad. I've had mine for about a month now and already have a chip on the edge of the protector but is better there than my phone.
 Went on easy but I still couldn't get one corner to seal down. It's at the bottom of my phone so not on the screen but still kind of annoying. However, it went on easier and smoother and with less peeling than any other screen protector I've tried so I'm just going to live with it.
 Just applied this screen protector to new iPhone 7. This was the easiest &amp; best applied protector I've ever applied to my phones.<br/>If it holds up as well as it applies it will be GOLDEN.
 I bought 1 set of these, and managed to drop my new iPhone within a week of having applied the screen protector.  My iPhone suffered no damage (I also have a protective case), but this screen protector took the impact and cracked.  It did exactly what it was supposed to do.  I have the second one on my phone now, &amp; I ordered another set just in case.  I highly recommend this product.  Since iPhones are so expensive, it's worth it to protect the investment you made in your phone.
 I have had a tough time finding a good screen protector.  It seems they always dont go all the way to the bezzle, or are to big and you end up with a white line around the screen.  These are the perfect fit for iPhone 7.
 delivery great, very nice product with great warranty, pricing is very good, a good buy.
 Very happy with this 2-pack of glass screen protectors. Easy to apply to my phone, quality glass, and arrived quickly. I’ll be buying more!
 Liked product and price
 Good quality. Lasts forever. I had one for a year and then I got a crack in it. I bought another one.
 Easy installation!!  Just make sure you're all squared away before applying. No air bubbles and no problems. Please note that these are smaller than the actual screen so there will be overlap. Also from various angles there will be a "rainbow" effect from the tempered glass since the light from actual screen will reflect onto the protector. Doesn't bother me but it seemed to annoy my daughter. After a couple of days it's a non issue. Son already dropped phone on kitchen floor and no damage. Buy it already!!
 Just Wow! OMGoodness!!<br/><br/>I have been dreading this replacement for so long. You see when I learned how superior tempered glass is to protect a phone screen I immediately switched. Unfortunately the first one I purchased was a real PIA (pain in the tucass) and time consuming to install. So when it became cracked (yes screen remained intact) about four months later I was reluctant to replace the screen. In fact, I literally used my phone with the cracked tempered glass for months because I didn't want to deal with it. Finally a case upgrade prompted me to get it done and I ordered this TechMatte one.<br/><br/>What a happy and unexpected surprise! Not only did I get two for the price of what one cost me the first time and you provided the expected purchased item with installation instructions...but you also provided the clean wipe, dry wipe, sticker for removing dust (which is a little too sticky), a screen cleaning cloth and a smartly placed logo application card for helping to push bubbles from underneath during application. On top of all this giving more than the customer expects you put tabs on the screen protector...Tabs!! What a brilliant and so simple idea. It kept my grubby fingers off the screen and made it so easy to line the glass up with my screen. That was the worse part last time, getting it perfectly lined up. Instead, I had to pull it up multiple times dealing with dust and all.<br/><br/>This time it lined up, laid down and just about applied itself all in ONE shot. No joke, first application and I was one and done. Man that was so easy and my phone which I'm using to type this review is finally glass cracked free, so clean, clear and beautiful. Thanks for helping me to clear up my cracks and overcome my procrastination. I will order these from your company from now on. Please stick around!
 Very happy with this screen protector.  I'm not one to usually buy these, but since I really wanted a thinner case for my iPhone, this was a great choice.  It went on very easily and I had no trouble with air or dust bubbles.  The kit comes with all the cleaning supplies to make installation a breeze.  Looks better than most of my friends' store installed glass.  I got one for my daughters iPhone and my Nintendo Switch!!
 didnt last long
 Followed instructions and installed my first one with NO bubbles - two weeks latter, somehow, my son dropped the phone sideways and the film came completely off... Glad there were 2 in the package, maybe should include 4.
 Holy crap. I did not expect this cover to be this good. It has very clear instructions and tools. My wife asked me if I was sure I even put it on when I showed her. Superb.
 Very flimsy. Easily cracked. Have the last one still on with a crack in it
 Screen is perfect.  Very easy to install, crystal clear and fast shipping.  On the iPhone 6s the screen is curved,this screen protector accomidates for that.  It covers the whole screen perfectly just not the curved edge.  Could not be happier.
 Overall a great screen protector for the price and free of any major issues. It does however take a few tries to get the screen protector on the active touch screen itself because its so precisely made for just that area of the screen. This is not a bad thing because so many other screen protectors are made too wide which could cause the case around the phone to lift the screen protector up.
 Perfect screen protector. Soo good i ordered two more
 It's two years later. Great case! I'm the first to admit I drop my phone. A lot. But this along with a glass screen protector have saved my iPhone 7. It works well, and I've loved that it's perfectly see through. I've never washed it so now it's slightly less clear, but still doesn't look bad! Very satisfied customer.
 I love this screen protector. It’s super clear and almost like hd. No bubbles and very easy to install. Their customer service is also wonderful. I would definitely recommend it and definitely buy again
 The 1st one I put on my phone, and sadly I ended up with dust under the screen, totally my fault.  I put the 2nd one on my daughters phone and sure enough went on perfect!! :)  Love that there is a life time warranty.  Would order again and again, and love the fact the company is US based.  Thanks so much!!
 The protector arrived promptly was easy to put on. Only problem was a tiny flaw  which was nothing.<br/>So far so good as only had it for maybe 1 week.<br/>Would definitely recommend this product.
 This product did not stick to my phone and did not fit my phone. I have a iPhone 7 and it did not fit my screen. On the sides of the display it causes rainbow streaks. Due to this I had to take it off and my phone cracked. Don’t buy this option.
 This was my third glass screen protector for my iPhone 7 and first purchase from TechMatte.  It was easy to install and looks great on the phone.<br/><br/>As a suggestion, it could be a wee bit larger in order to cover 100 % of the phone face.
 Quick shipping. Quality product that fits the entire face of iPhone 6. Material is better than others. The best part is that there's no bubbles when installing. It lives up to its claim. Will definitely recommend and buy this brand again.
 Installation was easy and trouble-free.  I have used other screen protectors in the past and none of them installed or functioned as well as I'd like.  That is not the case with this screen protector.  It installs flawlessly, no bubbles, and works very well.
 Fit perfect and easy to install.  As good as the more expensive ones I have bought in the past
 The glass screen protector on my iPhone 6 saved the day several times and I am sure this will do the same with my husband's new 7, even though he takes better care of his phone than I. Better safe than sorry!
 Comes with clear instructions, cleaners, and is easy to install.  Excellent quality glass.
 Easy to apply, and offers great protection.  I dropped my phone within the first week of installing this and it saved me from having to get my new iPhone 7 screen replaced.
 Screen protector fit perfectly and so far appears to be a perfect solution but it’s only been two weeks. I originally tried to reorder a screen protector from Spigen but couldn’t find one for even close to this price point. In the future I would shop and recommend TechMate products first.
 I love theses screen protectors, they work really well, and they're a great price. I drop my phone a lot and the actual screen of my phone has never cracked.
 Very nice protector.  Easy to install, probably the easiest I have ever put on a phone.
 My screen broke when I dropped my phone, within a month of buying this protector. I was just walking around so it was only a few feet off the ground  when it fell and this product still didn't protect my screen at all. Very frustrating that I have to pay to get a screen replacement now after thinking my phone was well-protected.
 So far so good, I bought two of this to replace my wife’s, moms, dads and my own phone protectors. Item seems very good quality and easy to install. Sadly the last one I put got a very big air bubble in the middle of te screen ):, so my mom was the victim but not really the product’s fault
 Perfect! Just as ordered. Easily cleaned with no residue. Somehow with other screens I'm always left with something underneath the protective covering. This one is also super clear when in use also.
 This tempered glass film cover for the iPhone 7 is an excellent source for protecting your device investment. Since installing the film I feel my phone is greatly protected as my toddler has dropped the phone several times with no damage to the screen. Installation was easy due for the provided instructions and cleaning supplies. Product arrived on time with no issues during shipping. A+ product and overall transaction.
 This product arrived quickly and well packaged. It was easily to apply to my iPhone 7 without getting bubbles underneath it which has always been a problem for me in the past with screen protectors.  I've dropped my phone twice since applying it and nothing was damaged. I can't know if the screen would have broken without it, but it adds a sense of security feeling.  These ease of installation and the extra bit of protection to my phone make the purchase very worthwhile to me.
 have only been using for a couple of weeks so far very satisfied  - fits the phone well ,  easy to install , price was right -
 Baby thru my phone on a cement fire place and the protector cracked instead of my screen! Saved my phone!
 Great feel! It came with handy stickers that helped with application. The only thing that kept it from 5 stars is that it is just barely wide enough to cover the screen. It would be better if it reached closer the physical edge of the phone.
 This tempered glass shield works well. However, just a few days after I got it and put it on my phone, a chip appeared. It has not gotten worse, but there was no trauma to the screen to cause it.
 Works well
 This is a really nice screen protector. Two step cleaning wipes included for pre-application. And an actual nice and easy way to apply the protector straight, about as bubble free as you're going to get, and without fingerprints/fuzz/etc. stuck underneath. Screen protector feels substantial, I'm very happy with it.
 Looks to be great quality...will update as time passes.  The best thing about it so far is that it was SIMPLE to put on and no bubbles or dust! Recommended!
 I had just installed this screen protector 1 week prior to my son dropping his new iPhone in rocks.<br/>The screen protector cracked but after removing it I was shocked to see his screen on his phone wasn't damaged. Highly recommend this!
 I love this screen protector! So smooth and it was super easy to put on my iPhone. And the price is great. Highly recommend.
 It looks great, easy to put on, no issues using the touchscreen, etc. However, the protector glass cracked on both screens (placed on 2 phones) within a few days. It did protect the screen but seems like a "cheap" glass protector
 I hate putting these on my phone. Even when I follow directions, I get bubbles. I put this on using their directions, and I have no bubbles. I don’t notice that it’s on.
 So ima be honest, I bought this item before and it worked great. But I’m so clumsy I always drop my phone and cause it to hit hard against the floor. And so then I bought this item the second time and I did not receive the dry wipes, only the wet wipes and idk why but it doesn’t fit my screen like the first one i bought? Anyone else w the same prob?
 I’ve been ordering this product for sometime now. It’s great and durable quality. I have a two year old who loves to play on my phone so good thing for this screen protector. Works like a charm. I don’t fret when it’s dropped, I trust it enough to do its job and it has. Well worth it!
 I really recommend this product. I dropped my phone and the screen cracked (I thought) but when I removed the glass protector, my screen was in one piece!!! I love this product!!!!
 I am very happy with this screen protector. I've had it for a couple of weeks now. I really like the feel of glass better than the plastic protector I had before this one. The screen is responsive- no problems.
 Great product, easy to install.  Have used these in the past and they’ve saved my screen.
 very nice screen protector for the Iphone all the cutouts matched perfectly to the screens and this glass screen protector is made of good quality it is a thick piece of glass, overall good screen protector.
 Saved from phone from getting even a scratch! Had it on for 6 months before I decided to put a new one on. First one would still have been okay but I wanted to check the screen since it was dropped multiple times.... screen was perfect!
 Pretty good product, no air bubbles on my screen. The ONLY issue I have is with the tabs at the top and bottom. They are not easily removed as shown in the video.
 Great product, easy application..,cost effective
 Not sure if I didn't place right, but the screen protector has not helped in regards to touch function. its a barrier to screen sensitivity. nonetheless, ive dropped my phone and it hasn't cracked yet.
 I cracked my phone today, and took off the glass. Turns out it was the temper glass, not my phone screen. Very good product and would recommend if you drop your phone a lot.
 Easier than others to apply. There's two in case you screw it up. Follow the directions and you should be happy with the results.
 Good Bubble Free Protection for iPhone 7 - accounts for curved edges by being a little smaller than other covers. No peeling corners. Fits well within the case i have (UAG).
 I bought this protector to go with my case and I have to admit, it was the easiest screen protector that I have ever put on a phone. It was simple to put on and it works great. The protector itself is slightly thicker than conventional protectors that are made of a flimsy material. This one is made from a glass of some sort. BE WARNED: the screen protector is slightly smaller than your phone but will cover the screen fine.
 Very easy to put on. Before I even received it I had an email with a link to a video showing me how to put it on. Very happy with the product and would buy again.
 Fast delivery. Excellent product.
 This product is good for the money that you spend on it. You will get 2 screen protectors in the box and all the things you need to properly clean your divice. My only problem is that the edges of my screen protector do not stick to my divice.
 Easy to install. 2 glasses, lifetime warranty. I'm satisfied
 Upon opening this product, i was a little caught off guard by the dedication and commitment that went into this product.<br/><br/>Really appreciate the bubble removing tool, wipes and step by step instructions to ensure a perfect application.<br/><br/>Well done.
 AmFilm never disappoints! No bubbles, easy install. Will keep buying everytime I change phones
 Fits perfect, seems to be good quality and it came with plenty of equipment to ensure it was installed with no dust or bubbles for both screen protectors.
 The whole kit is really nice and fool proof. It was very easy and smooth to install the glass protector on my iPhone 8. I definitely recommend it!
 Works well
 Been using these for awhile. Only once did my actual phone screen shatter - I hit it just right in the home button area where the glass doesn't cover. Don't do that!
 This review is written one week into owning the screen protector - so far so good.  I put this on my daughter's iphone 6S last week.  It was a perfect fit and went on super easily with no air bubbles - very easy to put this onto the phone.  So far it's been working well and it really is a seamless addition to the phone (don't really notice it is there)
 I put it on myself no troubles at all. It's been on a couple days and I haven't even needed to clean my phone face yet... love this product!
 I liked that the screen protector does its job. I’ve dropped the iPhone 8 a few times on the face and it did not break. The only dislike is that it doesn’t necessarily fit my screen completely.
 so far, perfect, comes with everything you need for dust-free application. it's thicker glass than the first one i had, so hopefully will last longer
 Just got this today. I never applied any film and was a little bit nervous. But TechMatte did great job not only include very clear instruction in the product package and they also sent me a link to a Video showing how to do it step by step when the product arrived. It only took me a little bit over 5 minutes to get it done and I am very pleased with the my work.
 I've already used all of the screen protectors already and I ordered them only about a month ago. They shattered in no time and I didn't even drop my phone, so it must have been from the low impact of being in my bag or my pocket. Then they have super sharp shards of the glass material that chip off. I'm really unhappy with this purchase.
 One of the screen protector was cracked
 Broke first day of use
 Easy to apply, I like the packaging it comes in. Looks beautiful no bubbles. I slightly mispositioned mine, took it off, reapplied and it looks great. Would buy again. :)
 I’ve only had my screen protector since April of this year and I have dropped my phone twice and both times the protector has cracked it does not hold up not a good buy
 This screen protector was easy to apply following the instructions.  There was a bubble patch about 1/4" which was probably my fault. It did not move to the edge when I pushed it with my thumb initially, however, I waited an hour or so and tried it again and it easily disappeared.  The protector is as clear as the original screen, cleans easily, and is very sensitive to the touch.  It is a wonderful product and I will use it again on phones in the future without hesitation. Excellent value.
 my iphone was  cracked and ugly.  now with the new screen saver it looks brand new.
 I am SO happy with my screen protector(s)!!  For the price, I thought there was one per box so I ordered 2.  My 2 boxes came with 2 in each!!  They are easy to put on and fit perfectly on my iPhone8.  You guys are the best!!
 I have always used these tempered glass screen protectors, because they actually work! Easy to put on, stays on. Touch screen works perfectly. I will always buy these for my phones and ipads.
 Very easy to install. Came with clear instructions as well as everything needed to install. I even made an error and had to peel off and replace, but it went on without any problem. The touch screen is just as easy to use and sensitive to the touch as the original screen. Just installed and haven't yet dropped the phone to can't speak to that aspect. Great product at a great price.
 Relaced 2 iPhones a 5 and 6 models with 2 Eights and these are great screen savers that are easy to apply.I highly recommend.
 High quality protector. This was very clean and easy to apply.
 Awesome product.  This is my second purchase of the very same item.
 Installed this product quickly and without a bubble!  The video instructions were helpful, and the protector came with the proper cleaning kit to help assure a no-fault application the first try.  I used two other screen protectors in the past and neither worked anywhere as well or as easily as this.
 Had one of these protectors on my phone for 6 months before I finally cracked it. My screen did not break, only the protective glass did. For a cheap screen protector, these are pretty good!
 Wonderful protection for your phone.  Protects from scratching and breaking of your screen.
 Great value for money, nice packing. Screen protector is easy to install and was bubble free right from start, the precision used in screens is accurate and provided tabs to navigate the screen install is great help.
 Came in well packaged, instructions were clear (they send a YouTube link too), easy to put on, the quality is spectacular, and the price for two is amazing!!! Protectors from T-Mobile are $40 each which is a total rip off. Definitely will purchase again! Highly recommend!
 This glass saves my phone.  I used it since I had the iphone 6.  It doesn't fit perfectly and leaves exposed edges, but it's alright.  It's saved my phone 5 times already.  :)
 I love it so far.  Its lightweight so I can't really tell that there's a glass shield covering my phone.  My phone is still sensitive to touch ID.  Fits perfectly fine over my iPhone 6.
 It comes with two screens which is great if you mess up, glass quality is amazing and looks like there’s nothing on so that’s great unlike other brands. I also noticed that oils and smudges are less noticeable on this screen protector compared to the screen without one on.
 Really easy to install, one has no air bubbles, the other only has a small one. Very happy. Thank you
 This is a pretty good screen protector. I like that it is a piece of plastic not just a thin film. Even with the directions I found it a little difficult to install with all the steps. At the end if the day though, I'm confident I got a good product.
 Easy to install. No bad discoloration when the phone rests naturally. However, if you press on the top right corner on the front of the phone, it starts to go dim/dark. But its really not that bad.
 I loved this product!!  I was hesitant to buy a screen protector because I haven’t had much luck putting them on in the past. This was super easy to do and I have a small bubble but it’s not a huge deal. No trapped dust or anything. Plus it doesn’t inhibit the touch screen like other I’ve used.
 Bought and protected my screen when dropped, but now the protector all messed up. Good thing it's a 2-pack, I guess.
 Working
 This screen protector is easily cracked.<br/> I put the screen protector on my iPhone for 2 months ，and it cracked.<br/>When I try to take it off and replaced with second screen protector that came with the order. I found the second screen protector already cracked too.
 Exactly as described, no issues applying glass, no bubbles!  Very responsive to the touch.Haven't noticed any glare.  Would have no issues purchasing again!  Thanks for a great product, reasonably priced!
 Protectors fit perfect on an Iphone 6<br/>Great high quality product.<br/>highly recommended
 It was easy to apply and looks great.
 3rd time using this product.  Thin, as clear as the regular screen &amp; actually more smooth to swipe &amp; type with.  Saved my screen from cracks twice so far...  great product &amp; easy to install.
 It was very easy to replace the screen protector on my phone.  It's a great product and a perfect fit on my iphone S6. Just follow directions and be thorough with removing all the dust particles.
 These screen protectors are exactly what I was looking for. This brand's protectors are much smoother and more clear than other tempered glass protectors I have had. Great product
 I’ve had it’s of different brands of screen protectors, and this is definitely one of the better ones I’ve used. I’m very happy with it, and it fits nice on the screen without cracking on the edges soon, like some products do.
 Very easy to install without any bubbles or dust particles on the screen, as long as you keep things clean around you. Took about twenty minutes and that's because I try to be a perfectionist. Came with everything you need to install. We shall see if my phone stands the test of time and a three year old's occasional use..time will tell.
 Although I haven't had this screen protector on my iPhone 8 for long, I will say it was easy to apply, the screen display remains the same, and it doesn't impede the touch feature.
 I am very pleased with my purchase. The description was honest and fit my phone perfectly!  I always get nervous about putting on a screen protector myself because I feel like I would ruin it. I really like the detailed instructions and video link they provided because it made it easier for me to apply the screen protector myself.
 Perfect
 It’s ok
 What more can you say, it does its job! Very happy and this product has saved my screen multiple times. There was one bad fall that cracked the screen protector and I was nervous to take it off and look st my phone, but my screen was fine! All I had to do was put on the other protector that it came with and it was as good as new.
 I’m a very clumsy person and this screen protector does an exceptional job of protecting my iPhone 8+. I have bought this product twice and recommended it to all of my friends and family!
 I was very impressed with how easy it was to put on your glass protector.  I had never attached one before, and was a little apprehensive about the application, but found it super easy to do.  I liked having the tabs on either side to help align cover to screen.  Instructions provided were helpful too. Would recommend product to friends and family.
 I like this screen protector very much so far. Easy to install and looks great. I especially liked the video that TechMatte made to show how to install.
 Thank you.Works great.
 Second time purchasing because I drop my phone constantly. Product is easy to install, and protects my phone when I drop it.
 I shouldn’t have used this screen protector.  The iPhone 7 screen is stronger than the protected screen is.  I had large scratches on the protector screen within a week of applying it.
 Can't assess durability since I just purchased the product.  The screen protector is crystal clear.  Thorough and clear instructions.  Included cleaning wipes for preparing the screen.
 I dropped my phone and was afraid that the screen would be cracked.  When I took off the screen protector, there was not a scratch on the screen but as you can see from the photo, the protective shield was destroyed.  So glad it comes with two protectors.  Replaced the protector with a new one and promptly ordered another set.
 Hasn't even been two weeks since I received my screen protector and its already cracked smh. Without even dropping the phone.
 This is the thick tempered glass screen protector like you would pay $30+ from the Verizon store. And you get two!
 I had to remove it and install it again a few times until I was satisfied. The width is exactly the same width as the active screen of my iPhone 7. So if you're off by a hairline you can see the edge of the screen protector. I wish it was just a bit wider but not sure if that's possible since it's glass.
 This will do the job, but it doesn't seem like it fits the phone exactly. If it is, its defective. It will protect your screen and I have no problem using the touch screen. The cut outs for the camera and the home button just wont seem to fit perfectly. I don't like that. I need perfection. Slightly crooked.
 It does not feel like a true glass cover more of a thicker version of a screen protector that is why i went with a 3 star.  Otherwise seems to be working okay
 I am so impressed with your product! It was so easy to install and I love how it practically applied by itself. If you have any complaints with this product it's because people don't follow the instructions provided. Easy to apply and AAA + product!
 This is the easiest screensaver I have used.  Would definitely buy again.
 Extremely Easy to install.  Works great
 My second set of these, literally so easy to apply and they give you all the tools to clean your phone and everything. Definitely a good purchase and when one may inevitably break, I have my back up!
 Buena compra
 Very nice quality!
 one of them did not stick to my screen. the other was fine. they sent me a new one because the first one was not too good and now both are great. just that ONE must have been faulty. :)
 It’s perfect no complains
 How do I contact the seller to get a new one? I bought it in December and the protecter got cracked on one of my phones and chipped on another. However, my phones screen didn't get damaged. They have a lifetime warranty right?
 It is hard plastic not just a film, fits perfectly on my iphone 7
 This screen protector has done a great job protecting my phone screen.  I have seen the dreaded shattered glass screen on the phones of so many people that know better than to leave their phone unprotected!
 i think this is a awesome product, watched the video as i was putting it on and it was easy and worked well, going to now order this for the  iphone 5se
 very good fit.  the feel of the glass screen protector works just like the screen itself.  very good protector especially for a great price.
 Very impressed with the idiot proof instructions and the quality of the tempered glass. Cant believe i was paying the local phone repair shop $20 for putting on my phone when this one is actually of far better quality and i put it on myself. Highly recommend
 Saves my phone time after time!
 Dropped phone multiple times between kids and my klutzy self. Drop again today, and notice screen protector was cracked, SAVED MY IPHONE SCREEN...  I am reordering more.
 works well and easy to use.  will break if you drop you phone - of course dummy....it's glass.
 Did the job
 I have been using this screen protector for almost 2 years. Yesterday I cracked my screen in 2 places. One was a spiderweb type crack with a hole in the middle, the other was a good chip at the edge of the protector. I removed the protector and my iphone screen is untouched. Great product.
 Dropped my phone a month after putting this on and instead of my actual screen cracking the tempered glass broke instead. Thank god I bought this otherwise I'd be screwed!
 Dropped my new iPhoe 7 2 months after installing this Glass Protector.  The phone hot the edge of the nightstand .  The screen protector cracked .  However, my iPhone's screen is perfect.  Since, I purchased the 2 pack. I installed the second one and orders another one.  I recommend this product
 This screen protector is really nice and protects your phone screen perfectly! I would advice anyone to get it
 Arrived as promised.  Easy to install.  Great price.<br/>Would buy again.
 I’m really pleased with these protectors. It went on perfectly w no bubbles. And it’s comes w warranty
 I bought this twice and both times bubbles have magically appeared in all my screen protectors. Additionally, it did not protect against a cracked screen as my screen is currently cracked and not my screen protector. Waste of my money and ended up costing me more money.
 Easy to apply and fits great
 Battery pack seems to be working great.  Easy to install and remove.  Received a screen protector for an IPhone 8 instead of 7.  Company returned emails right away and sent out a replacement within days.  Would definitely order from them again.
 It was absolutely perfect for the cost. Did the job most excellently. Very glad that I made this choice
 We’ve ordered this brand of screen protector a few times now. I’ve dropped my phone and cracked five screen protector and my phone is in perfect condition. I’ve never had the tiniest crack in my screen using these protectors and the price is amazing.
 Phone fell off of the sofa onto tile floor and screen did not break, although the screen protector did. I'd say it worked well! Phone was only a week old so definitely a good buy
 Just received my iPhone 6 Screen Protector. First of all, I was expecting to receive it in 5 days but I got it in 2 days. It took me literally less than 5 minutes to install it. It comes with everything you need to clean your screen and also step by step instructions on how to install it. Bubble free and hassle free. Highly recommended! Very very good.
 This screen protector is very good. Nothing bad about this product. Great value. 100% satisfaction guarantee
 Anti glare
 Unlike a similar product I purchased recently, this one came with a template with two tabs that made holding and lowering the protector onto the screen correctly the first time near foolproof.  Good deal as a two-pack too.
 I love this! Yes it doesn't cover the entire screen like a lot of people want, but I understand why. My 3-D touch on my iPhone 7 still works, it's super clear I have a speck case on with it and I would actually feel super comfortable if I dropped it right now. But definitely read the directions before trying to put it on, and use the dust stickers bc I have a little bubble due to dust, so I'm just leaving it on until this one cracks.
 Out of all the screen protectors I’ve bought for my iPhones this is my favorite one so far. The thing I love the most about it is the rounded edges, which makes it low profile and out of the way for different styles of phone cases. Other glass screen protectors seem very bulky compared to this one.
 At first it bubbled and I was very worried , I just put it in a brand new phone but after about a hour the bubbles wen away.
 I dropped my phone and screen underneath got cracked
 The protector seems to work very well.  Just follow the directions, which are easy, and it goes right on.  I was able to get all the bubbles out and you can't tell that it has anything extra on the screen.
 Excellent! I tried several other glass products and just couldnt get them to adhere properly especially around the edges. This product worked perfectly and was EASY to install. It looks like it is part of the glass. Excellent clarity. Very nice product!
 Has saved my screen on multiple occasions.<br/>This is for sure worth the price!!
 Works as expected.
 It does it’s job and the picture is still clear and beautiful.
 I messed up the first one and then took the advice of others I had seen online - apply it in the bathroom with a hot steamy shower running. It went on smoothly with no lumps or bubbles at all.  If I ever need any more screen protectors I would definitely get these.
 Love these glass protectors.  I installed them on my 11 year old son's iPhone and they are surviving him.  Installation instructions are good and you really should follow them.  The tip to install the glass in a steamy bathroom is great.
 Not a very good protector. The protester is very flimsy, after a few uses the side of the protector start showing rainbow colors which is very annoying. Will never buy again
 The day before I received my screen protector 2-pack it was preceeded by an email/video from TechMatte on how to apply the product to our iPhone screens. I'm a visual learner and this was very helpful. The tabs on the film over the screen protector sheets made them very easy to put the protectors on exactly lined up with touch button and audio openings. This is a thicker protector than I'm accustomed to and believe that being so is an added protection benefit. I appreciated the followup email inquiring if I was satisfied with the product. Customer service, ease of use in applying the product, and it appearing to be more protective than other screen protectors on my other Iphones is a good combo.
 This is the best screen protector, I’ve ever had, I dropped my phone several times and the glass didn’t break. I will be purchasing another screen protector when this one is old.
 As advertised. Easily as good as other options that are substantially more expensive.
 Recommend this, easy to apply, and remove bubbles under the protector. You can’t tell it is there.
 This is a very good product. The best part is that the screen protector comes with all the wipes, cloth and tools to smooth out the airbubles and well as instructions on what to do.
 This was easier to install than some other screen protectors I've used in the past. It has nice tabs already pre-installed on both sides. The warranty registration was also quick and easy.
 I won’t have a phone without one.<br/>Tempered glass that is.<br/>I’m not sure manufacture matters that much.
 Great product. Happy to give business to this small company.<br/>I will use them again.
 I've had better. first one chipped with my keys in my pocket and the smudge resistance is not as good.
 great protective tool, however cracks pretty easily, i have bought two already, and need another one. I dont drop my phone often, but each time it fell i had to replace the screen protector. it could be more sturdy.
 Gift
 Great screen. The touch on the phone is not effected. Can't say how well it protects since the phone hasn't fallen yet *knock on wood*. But overall happy with the purchase.
 Good
 🤙🏻
 I can't soak to durability bc it's brand new though it feels sturdy. This is the first time I've ever been able to put a screen protector on without bubbles!
 Product was exactly as ordered and easy to use. Be careful to pick the correct size!
 Application was super easy- comes with everything you need in a nice little kit to clean/prep your phone. I'm a perfectionist when it comes to my screen protector and I was able to get it on with no air bubbles! Very smooth to the touch and doesn't interfere with the touchscreen at all. Very happy with the product!
 I’ve purchased these protectors twice, and both times each protector has lasted a month or less. Compared to other brands of screen protectors, it seems you get what you pay for here.
 Great product, easy to install. Recommend to all. This company does a excellent job. Thank you.
 Some of the edges have crumbled off but other than that it’s holding up well
 Does not lay well around the edges
 I'm not at all good when it comes to placing a screen protector on any phone this product made that easy
 This is a really nice screen protector, I definitely recommend it. Except I was very confused on how to apply it on my phone... So I have messed up one of them, and when I put the second screen on it got air bubbles everywhere! I wish the process was a bit easier for someone like me lol
 Easy to install and such high quality material that it’s hard to tell it’s even there. Very satisfied for the price
 Great product. I'm very happy with my purchase.  I would definitely buy again
 Putting a screen protector on a phone is the worse thing.  This one was not too bad.  Now that it's on, I love the feel of it on the phone, feels solid and you can't even tell it's on
 I love this screen protector. Though, it gets smudged very easily, I don't mind. It protects my phone from being damaged. I rarely drop my phone, but when I do, I'm glad it is safe.<br/><br/>My first screen protector got damaged with a crack or deep scratch on the corner. I told the company about it, and they sent me another 2-pack for free and it arrived in two days! Great costumer service and great product. Really is life-time warranted.
 Good quality product and its very easy to install
 This is an awesome product and one of the best screen protectors out there. It's super thick do you feel that you phone is well protected. The film is a little smaller so it fits perfectly. Had it for about two weeks now and no issues
 I really like this product. It is exceptionally easy to install and I did not have any bubbles. It does not interfere with the sharpness of the screen or touch response. The company emails to check up on you and how the product is working for you. They are available if you have a problem, but you will not need them! Very happy with this screen protector!
 Luckily Amazon keeps a history of what I've bought. I've had this phone two years and I just had a single crack on the cover. I think that is great considering I have dropped the phone a few times. I just bought another one without shopping around because I think this is a great product.
 Installation was a piece of cake and the cleaning/smoothing kit that came with it was the icing on the cake. A great value AND you get two!
 Awesome  screen protectors, they totally protect your screen, no matter how i dropped it, the screen protector took all the damage! Except one small detail, the second screen protector that i got was a little messed up, it covered up my front cam but they refunded me full price!
 Good complete kit for protecting your iPhone 7 screen. The directions were concise and simple. Applying in a dust free environment is crucial to a clean application.
 good enough to buy multiple time, last pretty long
 Highly recommended
 These screen protectors are easy to install - they have tabs for holding the protector that make placement easy - and work well. I will definitely buy again when I get a new phone.
 Great quality! It makes the phone look brand new again &amp; there are even 2 in the package. Thank you too for the tutorial video clip. Very helpful!
 After trying several kinds of protector with varying degrees of success, I am very pleased with this. It actually looks better than the ones I was buying at Verizon and paying one of their clowns to apply. Easy installation and after a week there are still no bubbles. Highly recommended!
 Perfect fit, easy to put on, got it right on the first try.
 Keeps my phone looking brand new, doesnt scratch like other screen protectors. Doesnt get dirty while I'm at work either, which is really important to me. Combined with my otterbox my phone is completely protected!
 Cannot rate the quality of the screen protector yet as I have not dropped my phone but it literally took me less than a minute to apply this protector. Will update my review in a few months once I put it to good use.
 These are great, I’ve ordered them twice now for our iphone 7’s and now 8’s. They last forever. These things can really take a beating, and they protect the actual phone screen from ever getting any scratches or cracks. Love these.
 Easy to put on
 This is a really nice screen protector. The iPhone 7 screen extends out beyond the case, and it's nice to have protective glass covering it and keeping it from scratches etc. Especially nice for the price, as they will try to sell you one for 4x the price in store.
 This is the best screen protector I've ever used. And I am comparing this to several leading covers and cases.<br/>Here are several of the features:<br/>very scratch resistant.<br/>Much smoother finish than most other screen protectors. It feels like the glass on your iPhone.<br/>Includes a cleaning kit.<br/>I had no air bubbles under the screen.<br/><br/>Overall It is a great product.
 Great fit and looks as good and protects my phone as I hoped it would
 This was my first time purchasing a glass screen protector. Installation was simple. No bubbles on the screen. I have dropped the phone several times and the screen is still in perfect condition.
 Very easy installation and very fast delivery!  Love it so far...no issues!
 This is a fine product! It is my second purchase. It was easy to apply the protector without bubbles, something I can rarely do. These protectors work every bit as well as the much more expensive options sold in the phone store.
 This was the most complete kit for a screen protector I have ever received, with easy to use instructions and easy installation. The product was delivered on time, with no issues in delivery.
 Wow, what an amazing protector, it fits my phone screen perfectly. Putting on the screen protector was very easy and quick. They provided all of the materials needed to put the screen on with easy-to-follow directions. The protector is glass, so when I dropped my phone, it truly preserved my screen. The only thing that I did not like about the protector is that it is visible while on the phone, but I have gotten used to it and do not mind it anymore. Everyone should buy this screen protector!!
 Very easy to install. Extremely clear.
 I really like this product. It really made a difference to my phone, it was easy to 'install' and didn't affect the quality on my screen. I'll buy it again.
 Easy application. Does not cover the edges on the iPhone 6, which is noted in the product description. I was hoping it would cover enough of the screen and the otter box could cover the edges. Not the case. Otherwise, it's a good screen protector.
 Price was amazing and it installed easily
 Slightly too big for the 6s, the edges didn't adhere properly. Can't really remember what happened, but the edges chipped pretty easily. Well at least it protected my screen so I just peeled it off and am now going to buy my third brand to see if I can get one that fits properly.
 the best screen protector i have ever bought. i thought like many of the other ones i bought that when taking it off the screen that i would<br/>find my glass shattered like the protector was and thanks god my screen was not damaged at all so i re-ordered it. best by far!!!! recommend this product
 This is a waste of money.<br/>Did not do anything to cause the protector to fall apart. Normally pack phone in purse, did not drop phone either. The screen protector literally fell apart.
 The edges of the glass protector don’t fully adhere to the phone.
 Love this brand of screens. The quality feels superior to others out there and the price is very reasonable. I never have issues applying them and can drop my phone many times before it cracks.
 I have had it on my phone for almost a year. Tonight my phone fell from a 3 foot drop on to some pretty hard tile floors. The amFilm took ALL OF IT. My phone is still perfect. I am glad they come in a two pack so I could replace the cracked one immediately. I will be ordering some more ASAP!!
 Nice product one wasnt as a perfect fit as the other but still gets the job done for now
 I can’t use the video button in Snapchat and Instagram!!! Getting the one I got before. Video recording works if u use your regular camera
 Because iPhone 7 has rounded edge, this screen protector doesn't fit perfect even though they made it fit to the screen. I should have bought softer one.. not this hard protector.
 After scratching my iPhone 6 screen I decided to get a screen protector for my 6s.<br/>This one looks and works great.
 I purchased this for my brand new phone a couple of months ago, along with an external case, hoping I would never drop it and discover if it this product really worked or not.  Well, the unthinkable happened.  I looked at my phone and found the glass face splintered on one side with 3 separate fractures across the entire screen.  I had someone else inspect it to see if that was the cover or the phone itself; We agreed it was the phone.  I felt sick to my stomach.  I carefully lifted the corner of the screen protector to fully take in the damage to my phone... but WAIT!!  It wasn't the screen of my phone... it was the screen protector!! Because it's also made of glass it REALLY looked as though it was the phone.  It worked!!  My phone was still in pristine condition!!  Because I was out of the US traveling I couldn't order a replacement on Amazon, and immediately went out locally and bought another cover... just in case.  I paid 20 Euros for one cover, nearly 3 times what I paid for this one, but it's so much cheaper than replacing the face of a phone.  The peace of mind is easily worth the price &amp; next time I'll take the second cover with me!  Thank you SO MUCH!!  :)
 As of right now, my screen protector has a noticeable amount of scratches and very thin, minor cracks. I'm very glad it wasn't my phone which dealt with these damages! I can't be sure if it's due to the fact that the screen protector is much more fragile than the phone screen itself, but it works greatly nonetheless. I have the iPhone 6 and it fits perfectly. It's very easy to type with and I thought it was great that alcohol wipes came WITH the package! So convenient. Great buy!
 It was so easy to put on that I was impressed right off the bat.  It seems to repel fingerprints.  Always a nice crystal clear screen.  Previous products required constant wiping to see what was on the screen.  Very happy!
 Top notch service and a really great product. After the application of my screen protector I had some unwanted bubbles - I shot a note over to to customer service and they were amazing. After a few email exchanges they offered to send out a replacement!<br/><br/>Seen a few other products on friends phones and there is stuff caught under the edges as the size is not quite right with the rouded edges. That does not happen with the TechMatted screen protectors - great fit and great feel as well.
 Everything you need to made it stick properly is included much better than others on the market, inclufing on amazon. Would totally buy again.
 Works great, put this on my wife's iPhone 7 you get an extra glass protector and it also comes with a scraper card to help get bubbles out.
 Good quality and price was right.
 Works great
 Helpful-but would have preferred book form
 I was a bit skeptical of this product at first, but after this weekend when my phone dropped, skidding across pavement, and the screen protector shattered on the corners and scratched all across the middle, I was completely amazed that there was absolutely no damage to the actual phone screen. Popping off the broken protector was easy and now my screen is back to looking brand new.
 Perfect! It came with some application tools, and instructions. I’ve never been good at putting screen protectors on phones, but I did it first try without any issues.
 Dropped my phone many times and there’s still no cracks. A life saver
 Well made and easy to apply.  The screen doesn't reach all the way out to edges though. Not sure if that is because some cases come farther in?  Also no scratchs yet either and it's very easy to clean!
 Arrived today, just put it on my phone.  So far so good, application wasn't too difficult, product looks really good (much better than the flexible plastic sheet I had over my screen before.  We'll see how it stands the test of time.
 This is a fantastic screen protector. The packaging is neat and clearly labeled. The instructions were easy to follow and they also provide instructions via YouTube. I was skeptical when I read that the screen protector did not go completely to the edges of the phone but honestly, it is not noticeable at all. It is well-made and durable but it does not add bulk to the phone. I can see the contents of the phone clearly. It is reasonably priced and worth every penny.
 It has been less than a week since we bought this screen protector. Instead of protecting the phone, when i dropped my phone, somehow the screen of my phone shattered completely and there was minimal damage to the actual protector. I am not happy with this purchase.
 When applied correctly, it is incredibly clear and incredibly HD. Only downside is that even though it is smaller than the screen, the halo effect still exists.
 Great product
 I purchased screen protectors for my phone and for my children’s phones.  All of them we have been extremely happy with.  They are very easy to install.  They came with everything you need in a nice, professional package!  Very pleased with purchase! Would definitely recommend this screen protector to anyone looking for a new screen protector for their new phone!
 Came in very quickly —6 days early!  Followed the very simple instructions and fairly easy and quick to do.  The second phone got an air bubble upon application but I didn’t want to remove it for fear of losing the adhesive.  It’s towards the bottom of the phone so it shouldn’t be a problem.
 This screen protector works great and comes at a very reasonable price. I’ve just purchased my second package of these because I’ve put my screen protector through a lot and it now looks pretty beat up. The good news is that my phone screen has never cracked though! These will do exactly what you want them to, plus they’re very thin in comparison to some other brands. Highly recommend!
 Works great, no bubbles compared to the cheap protectors that come with a case. I recommend it for sure! My girl has an iphone7 and it fits, my mom has an iphone6s it also fits! Good glass!
 Excellent product that I would highly recommend.  Great easy to follow directions allowed for a smooth and trouble free application.  perfect solution for the price.
 Great Product  ! I will purchase again as I dropped my phone and this saved my screen !
 Just as described
 I placed the screen with ease. The larger tabs are easy to use and made it so easy to apply. Easy to follow instructions also.
 I don’t know how durable it is (I haven’t dropped it yet) but it’s very thin, and fits perfectly on the iPhone 6s
 Great screen protector comes with cleaning cloth and instructions quality product for the price
 Purchased for a iPhone 6s.  The screen protector fit my iPhone as mentioned in the product instructions, and was very easy to install. This screen protector is thicker than I thought it would be, and seems to be a very well made product.
 The screen protector comes with a glass cleaner and easy to follow directions for putting the glass on your phone.
 Purchased this for my daughters iphone 7.  she previously had a $40 screen protector purchased from AT&amp;T store that cracked.  she loves the TechMatte screen.  she said it is thinner than the $40 version and she cannot tell it is there.
 If you drop your phone a lot, I would definitely recommend buying these! They actually protect the screen. I dropped my phone the day after I put it on and the protector cracked, but not my phone!
 Easily placed. Excellent protection for the screen and back side and even better....no more greasy fingerprints to clean off. Would buy again in a heartbeat.
 This is such a great product.  I've dropped my phone several times and the protector finally got a small crack in it but it was only after I dropped my phone face first in a parking lot. My phone is perfectly fine and that is what is most important.  A very small investment for big piece of mind.
 Good
 Love this screen, so easy to install
 These screen protectors were everything I was looking for. The packaging was excellent and the instructions were clear. I would definitely buy again!
 Easy to put on and works well
 I've bought screen protectors from this company before for my Nintendo Switch, and the product was fantastic for that. I was expecting the same for my iPhone case and was not disappointed! 11/10 recommend to anyone looking to cover their touch screen devices.
 This was my second purchase of this screen protector. My first one broke after a drop, but it did its job and protected my iPhone screen. What a really like is that this thing is crystal clear and goes on flat with no air bubbles (take their advice and install in a steamy bath room).
 Nice basic screen protector - clear instructions and easy to put on.
 Your touch screen won’t work because the screen protector must be too thick or something. Waste of money. As soon as I applied the screen protector it fit good but mytouch screen doesn’t work like it used to
 This is perfect 👌🏼 it was so simple to put on and have dropped my phone with no cracks
 I'm very pleased with the product quality and the customer service.  I received a follow up email asking if I had any questions or issues with the product, which I did not.  The product came with a warranty, so I think I got a great value.
 Waste of money if you purchased for anything more that an Iphone 6
 Love these screen protectors, so easy to put on and they respond and look like there is no protector, these are the best, I see that they are a little more but worth every cent.
 I used this product for my iPhone 8!! Very easy to apply and good quality!!
 Item does not appear to be glass but has protected my husbands phone well since we’ve installed it.
 It does what it is supposed to do, protect the screen. I messed up a few times trying to line it up and the stickyness lost its strength. You pretty much have to make it line up perfectly to fit. I would definitely buy from this company again.
 Applied very nicely without any bubbles. Took the advice on the instructions sheet and installed screen protector in a steamy bathroom. Only issue is that the screen protector is slightly smaller than my screen and causes a rainbow affect on the edge of the screen.
 Love this screen protector! My phone fell the other day and I thought my screen was cracked, but thankfully it was only the protector that was cracked! I will definitely buy again!
 The screen protector was very easy to place on my phone. The video instructions and tools supplied made the process very smooth. I was able to install the screen protector without an bubbles. It works and looks just like the original iPhone screen. Only complaint is it is not sticking as securely as I would like around the edges.
 I buy these in bulk.  Have saved my phone many times.
 Great deal for what I paid. 2 screen protectors and all the necessary items to clean and install. Installation was also easy. I wish that the screen protector would extend further around the front. Some cases fit right up to the screen protector, but mine does not. This means that I have an exposed gap all the way around the front of my phone. However, this size seems to be pretty standard, so I'm not sure that I could have found one with a bigger width and height.
 Installation wasn't as smooth as the "hinge style" that I tried on another phone. Had to work pretty vigorously at rubbing a few bubbles out. But now it looks great and I hope it will do its job.
 Love these screen protectors.  Fit perfect.  Go on like butter very easy to install.  Customer service is perfect.  Feel my phone is very protected and safe with this item.  Buy them you won,t regret it.
 Worked great and easy to install.
 I've gone through 6 or so glass screen protectors. Of all the glass screen protectors I've used on my phone, this one has been the best. What I did not like about my previous glass screen protectors was that the edges felt too sharp or ridged. This one however feels very smooth and natural on the edges of the protector due to its curved edges. I have yet to see how well it handles if/when I drop my phone, but as of now I have no reason to rate it anything lower than a 5 star. The price is great as well.
 I just put the screen on last night so I've not tested it's ability to protect a screen.  However, it was the easiest application of a screen protector I've ever had over the course of five years of having an iPhone. The no bubbles promise is a real thing.
 Great product,(TechMatte!) works as advertised.  It's simple to install and now I know we're protecting our investment.  Did not take long to install and you can even tell it's there after you put on the iPhone 7 Caseology (Skyfall Series) case.
 I have installed many screen protectors, and this one is with the best. I even made a mistake aligning it and was able to take it back up, without breaking it and put it on correctly.
 iphone 7
 A good product. Was delivered as advertised. I gave it four stars 'cus I wish someone would make a screen protector that was contoured with screen.
 These are terrible and when I went to rerun I was told these are ineligible for return.  Look else where for screen savers.
 Perfect fit for an iPhone 7
 Great product, instructions were clear, and it was well packaged.  Will buy again!
 Just put it on.  It was super easy.  I had cracked the one I just bought from a different company (just knocking it against the back of a chair...) and so this 2 pack deal for almost the same price seemed well worth it.  It has the same problems as the first one in that the curvature of the iphone 6 doesn't allow a complete seal along the edges :-( but as this is also made of glass, I expect it to take the beating for the real glass cover of my iphone underneath.  I think if I bought a phone cover that protects the edges more I would not have had this problem, but I love my phone cover and I don't like covers that block the edges of the screen.<br/><br/>It's awesome that it comes with warranty, but I'm not sure what it warranties.  I mean cracks and breaks are common for this product, surely they don't mean to warranty regular wear/tear.  We will find out if I have the same problem of the glass cracking within a week of my purchase as the other one did :-p  I suspect I may need to stock up and buy like 20 of them for the rest of the year.
 Not drop proof. Tempered glass is still fine but my back glass is broken.  Not to mention not scratch resistant.
 Love these! My phone still looks brand new after almost two years because I always keep these screen protectors on.
 Screen protector works great. The item comes with 2 protectors. It took me 1 to try to install it right. The second went on beautifully after going in the bathroom and using the steam from the hot water to get rid of all the dust in the air. I got a clean install with 0 bubbles.<br/><br/>Only 1 small issue I found is that the screen protector is a little thick. Or, at least thicker than my last one (different brand). But that might be what it takes to make it so durable.
 This Iphone screen protector fit my IiPhone 7 as expected. Applying the protector is made super easy with the instructions provided. I have had this protector for nearly 30 days and I see no scratches. normally I use cases for my phones, however this protector glass is superior for clarity and and screen touch response. Loving it so far!!!
 Yes very strong and does help the phone. Fits perfect and works inside a case as well.
 Arrived on time and packaged appropriately.  The box contained everything required to successfully install the screen protector without a hitch.  Seems durable and no problems using the touch screen with the protector installed.
 Excellent product at a very good price and outstanding customer service support team. Highly recommended.
 Great product!!
 This screen protector works very well
 Easy to apply-the first I've used that had tabs on the backing to help positioning.  Includes cleaning supplies.  Stuck down to the screen on its own with NO bubbles.
 Arrived on time. Easy to apply, great protection.
 Works great
 Good quality.  Easy to install as long as you TAKE YOUR TIME AND FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS!<br/><br/>Not sure how it holds up yet as there are not enough hours on it.
 Thank you
 Best screen protector i've tried. My phone had a steep fall and the protector was completely shattered, but it protected the screen underneath which did not even have a scratch.
 Both my husband and I used these on our phones and within a very short period of time were damaged.  Have ordered these twice now, but we're switching to a different one that will hold up.
 I am using my 2nd screen protector contained in the package. Both have the same issue that the edge part doesn't stick to the screen firmly. So, it's quite annoying. Won't buy this brand again since there are hundreds other choices. I use iPhone 8.
 The screen protector is real good quality. The package comes with directions and all the necessary things to put the screen protector on correctly. Real easy and great quality will buy again and recommend this product.
 Just perfect, the easiest to install and best looking screen protector I have used. I followed the easy to understand instructions and had ZERO bubbles. It was amazing to watch as it basically sealed itself. The tabs at the top &amp; bottom allowed for easy and perfect alignment to the screen.
 It's a pair of glass screen protectors, they look just like all the others I have and work perfectly fine. They will break, but that is what they are there for, to break instead of your screen. The price of the pair is quite nice, and it's good to have the spare for when it will eventual break.
 Good quality!
 Loved this product!  Worked perfectly!  Sadly, my phone was stolen and I had to upgrade to a Plus, but the time we had together was special and well worth it.  AND a friend got to benefit from my second screen!  Thanks TechMatte!
 This is the best screen protector by far. I have had similar ones before and the glass started to crack around the home button to where I had to take it off replace it with another. This screen protector doesn't do that.  I highly recommend it and will be purchasing future ones. Especially for the kids.
 Great product for a really cheap price.  I don't deal with protective film anymore.  This glass shield behaves like the original glass on the iPhone...very touch sensitive.  I have dropped my phone a few times on its face and not a scratch on it.
 Excellent screen protector, great quality , excellent packaging
 Second purchase. Very good quality. Super easy to apply.<br/>And you get 2 for the price of what you would pay anywhere else.
 I purchased this screen protector when I first bought my iPhone. Of course I dropped it and luckily this screen protector came through and protected my screen. I am very pleased with this product that I purchased it again.
 Fantastic screen cover to date. It took me over a year to use two of the screen covers. This is a great product protecting from daily wear and tear on an iPhone. Installation is a breeze. The cover is the same size screen so you have to be very careful when installing to get a good fit.
 So far so good. I have only been using these for a few days but they stay on well and seem durable. Most importantly, the screen protector is the easiest to put on BY FAR of any I've used.
 The tabs on the screen made installation easy. The glass fits perfectly inside the rubber case of my otter box commuter case for my iPhone 6s. I'm going to see if they have one for my wife's 6 plus. I ran the the hot water in the shower for a little bit and then turned off the water and installed the protector while the air was moist. That really helped keep the dust to a minimum.
 I've ordered these before, great every time. With any hard drop the cover usually gets a crack in it, but not the screen.
 Excellent quality. Easy to apply. Very satisfied with this purchase.
 This did exactly what It’s supposed to and for that price? I couldn’t be happier! It’s easy to install, you just have to be patient and follow all directions—try to be as dust free as possible while putting it on!
 Great Product
 Great product for protecting phon screen!! I've dropped my phone several times and this has really helped keep it safe.
 Easy installation. Great packaging. Also comes with 2 protectors in case you damage the first one. So far, I haven't dropped my phone to see if it actually works. But I do wish it covered my entire iphone 7 because the corners can also get damaged.
 This was easy to apply to my phone, came with simple instructions.  Would definitely order this again!
 Works well but get it positioned correctly the first time or you will be using both sheets to do one phone.
 Installation went perfectly and the screen protector looks and works perfectly.
 I was very pleased with the screen protector.  The directions were clear and all the necessary items were included in the package.  Plus they guarantee the screen protector and will replace it if not satisfied.  It is a win-win situation.
 This is a very good screen protector for the iPhone and I highly recommend it. Very good design as described in the details. Fair Price.
 I just got these today, and they went on easy and seem to be really good. We'll see how long they last, but for now I am really happy with them, especially for the price. I love that there is two in a pack too.
 Got them about two weeks ago. No problem so far .  Come with easy instructions, easy to apply.
 the edges do not completely stick towards the edge, all around u get a halo effect cuz the perimeter does not stick to the screen...other than that, the feel is great and clarity is great.
 Terrific case!  I dropped my phone on asphalt and then stepped on it (I know!), and while it ground up the glass from the Screen Protector, my phone didn't have a scratch on it. My only issue is that taking off the screen protector it shattered and sent glass everywhere - but I can deal with that versus paying for a new screen!
 This is a excellent screen protector. Fits well and is super clear. It also comes with tabs on the screen to help you apply it. The easiest screen I’ve applied so far. Highly recommended. Great customer service too
 Can’t beat the price
 My son is very hard on his iPhone. This protector has saved his phone several times.
 So I got the package and it was lost the first time I ordered and had to reach out to Amazon to get it reordered then expedited delivery however when it arrived I placed it on my LG V30 which is what I ordered it for and the screen protector wasn't wide enough for not satisfied really but using it anyway because I opened it
 Used for my screen. Another one I had cracked where I thought it was my actual phone screen but it wasn’t. This screen fit my iPhone 8 perfectly. I’m very happy. I have dropped it once face first but it’s still fine!
 These are fantastic. Easiest to put on of any screen protectors I’ve purchased in the past.
 This arrived quite late after placing my order. I really wanted to love this product, especially because everyone said it is an easy install. It's not - or at least it was not for me or my brother. I spent 10 minutes cleaning my screen, doing everything recommended to remove all particles from my screen (including running hot water for the steam). Then, I put on my screen protector, which itself was a struggle. The tabs where you're supposed to hold when manipulating the screen kept peeling away and dropping the screen off! It also felt impossible to exactly line up the two sides of the glass with the phone's screen because the glass is very narrow. I wish it was just slightly wider because even though one side of the glass is perfectly lined up with my screen, the other side is a sliver off, which causes the screen's light to distort into the side of the glass (makes like a prism of light; it's pretty distracting). In the end, I had a ton of stuff trapped under my screen protector. It looks really bad. I left it on for a day, but the particles annoyed me so much, I took it off. Additionally, the glass smudges a lot - maybe even more than the regular phone screen. I knew it was not going to be completely smudge-proof, but was a bit surprised how smudged it did get.<br/><br/>I thought maybe I just did not have the fine motor skills needed for the job, so I gave the second screen protector to my brother. He's very handy and has never had trouble with this sort of stuff. Unfortunately, the same thing happened to him!! It is literally impossible to avoid particles under the glass.<br/><br/>Giving them the doubt, I mentioned to some friends how both my brother and I are horrible with installing this screen protector. However, they confirmed with me that they had the same problem. One friend claimed he was so infuriated after unsuccessfully installing 6 of these screen protectors that he proceeded to smash them with a hammer (I have marked "Intervention" on the calendar for this one).<br/><br/>For the price, I was not expecting perfection, but was disappointed that the problem started immediately.
 Worked as expected until I dropped it face down in a parking lot. The screen protector cracked in a million places as did the actual screen of my work iPhone. Fortunately for me the phone was replaced by my employer at no expense to me.
 I used this product on my IPhone 6. It now looks like a new phone! I am happy with the quick delivery and my purchase. It is very reasonably priced too!
 You simply can't beat getting 2 of these screen protectors for such an amazing price.  I can't believe the brick and mortar phone stores actually get away with charging $50 a piece for a similar product!<br/><br/>This screen protector fits perfectly on my iPhone 6s, looks great, and feels great.  Can't recommend this enough!
 Good cover
 These screen protectors are exactly what I needed.  My last phone I had one on it and when I dropped my phone the protector cracked, but the phone screen did not even have a small scratch.  The shipping experience was great received it on time.
 Awesome product. Comes with instructions, two screen protectors, two wet wipes, a dry wipe, and a card to get rid of bubbles! Easy application, I did it perfectly the first time. It is slightly slightly too small for the iPhone 8, but not enough that I notice ever.
 Very happy with the protectors - very nice quality - needs to be perfectly centered for the curves of iPhone - mine went perfect - I messed up my wives install as I didn’t drop it perfectly into position and tried to lift and re-apply…big no no. Ill have to get her another…
 Easy installation, clear instructions, and the fact you're able to get a lifetime warranty coverage on the screen protector for two replacements is awesome. I just wish that it was full coverage, but they explain that the reason it's not is because they don't want it to get snagged or cause raised edges on the iPhone. Great product!
 awesome product! sometimes i don't even realize there is a screen protector because the material is so fine! great packaging and detailed instructions on installation! Highly recommend to anyone thinking about placing a screen protector on their cell!
 Easy to put on.  Everything needed for a clean, simple installment were included.
 Just large enough to cover screen so make sure you place it well. Other wise great. The size is probably due to avoiding the curves. It is relatively easy to apply.
 I never leave reviews but i had to once i used this. Easiest screen protector to ever put on. Bubble free and came with extra cleaning supplies to ensure your screen is clear as possible. Very HD. Does not sacrifice any quality. And for this price? Put invisishield out of business lol.
 wrong size. did not fit.
 This screen protector has saved my phone numerous times! The screen shattered but not my phone.  I keep buying this product!
 The screen protector feels like glass which is very reassuring! Would definitely recommend but I haven't had a big drop yet so hoping it can crack instead of my screen
 My daughter dropped my phone and what I thought was a big scratch on my phone, turned out to be the screen protector cracked and my phone still looked good as new. Very good screen protector. It definitely did it’s job and protected my phone
 This is the second set of these screen protectors that I have purchased. I am clumsy with my phone and these have saved me numerous time. I would rather be replacing a screen protector that did its job excellently rather than replace or repair my phone!  Thanks for a great product!
 I had this for a few months and I really like it. I'm not sure when it happened, but the screen chipped a little. Other wise it is a great product and I would recommend buying it.
 Bought it. Easy to install. Went on with no bubbles after cleaning the screen. This was nice because I've installed several screens before and they all ended up with air bubbles or dust trapped in there. Didn't happen this time. :D. Good instructions. Haven't dropped the phone on any rocks yet so I cant say how well it actually protects the phone from stuff like that, but for now its doing a great job.<br/><br/>Couldn't be happier.
 These are easy to install and I'm happy with the finished product on my iPhone 7. I cracked one and emailed the company and they even sent me a new package for free.
 It’s what I needed for a great price!
 So far so good!! Shiny and corners are staying down.
 Easy to use and pretty durable.  I'll buy them again when I need a new one...
 When I first ordered, the first screen would not stick on one of the corners. I contacted them and they sent me a replacement. Once I got that one, no problems and went on smooth. Application is easy, just clean the screen and go.
 This screen protector works great!  I've dropped my phone several times and my screen has not cracked!
 I have used other glass screen protectors before, but this one is my absolute favorite. It was so easy to apply and came with such good directions. The price was by far the cheapest I have seen with such great quality. Will definitely purchase again in the future.
 This is the second set of of amFilm for my son's I-Phone.  Seems I shouldn't need a replacement yet, but he is a Baseball player and outdoor person so he is hard on his phone.  LOL
 Terrible product and even worse customer service. My screen cracked with it on after a week. When I contacted the seller, she pretended that I didn't order it from her and that I should contact another seller even though I provided the order number which matched her product.
 My order was received on time &amp; the screen protectors were easy to put on our phones. I'm very happy with my purchase &amp; I think it will protect the screen on my new cellphone.
 One of the best screens on the market I have purchased several of these last couple years and they are just the best out on the market never have a problem with him when I change my phone's I just always have bought new ones and I always come back to these
 Works like a charm... had no problem getting it on and I don’t notice it on the phone. That’s all I can ask for
 Great Product at a very reasonable price. It comes with 2 screen protector, i am using one for iphone 7 &amp; other for iphone 6s.<br/>Other good part is the service, as soon as protector was delivered, they sent me an email with instructions/video on how to install the protector.<br/>They sent me an email like 3-4 days asking if i had any questions or issues with the product.This shows, they really stand by their product.
 Got for wife's new iPhone 6s - install was easy and price was FAR less than getting one from the cell provider's store.
 So far, everything with the screen and the phone looks great. It was a very simple application. The first day that it was on the screen, there were some bubbles on the edges that wouldn't go away, but after a few days it does.
 Great product and arrived as described.  Makes replacing the screen protector so easy &amp; looks great when finished. Also good value for the price.
 Really like the glass but installation was a tad difficult for me. Despite being meticulous, I still managed an air pocket at the top corner and a thin line shaped bubble halfway down one side. Luckily it's a 2 pack so I'll try again at some point, but otherwise please.
 as expected - good fit - easy application
 Just as easy to apply as they suggest.  Fully covers the screen and is functionally invisible.
 These things are awesome! Cheap, easy to apply and they have saved my phone screen from cracking a thousand times. I do go through several of them a year, but that's because I drop my phone like it's going out of style. I would rather use a few of these a year than have to replace or fix my phone. They really absorb the impact and do the trick!
 Loved them would order again
 horrible!
 Easy to follow instructions. Shield doesn’t interfere with the phone case. Installed on iPhone 7.
 Honestly a lot better than expected. After reading some of the reviews I was worried about proper fitment on the new iPhone 7. But after very carefully installing the screen protector it matched up just fine. I can see if someone wasn't careful or if they made the smallest mistake then the screen protector wouldn't cover the entire display or would misalign the speakers. Over all, a good buy.
 This is a quality screen protector.  It comes with good instructions and everything you need to install it yourself. I am pleased and would highly recommend it!
 The screen protector has air bubbles under it after I cleaned the screen extensively.
 As described
 Dropped my brand new work phone, the iPhone 8, in the lobby of my building, just a few weeks after getting it. This screen protector cracked, but saved my phone, which is still in perfect shape! Good thing this product comes in a two-pack, as I am now using the second screen. I can absolutely vouch for this product, and I highly recommend it!
 Very easy to apply if you follow the step-by-step instructions and watch the video demo. This has not affected the functionality of my phone whatsoever! Very pleased!
 So far, so good. It's been more than a year, and a few short drops, and it's still working just fine.
 Fits perfect on both I-phone 6 &amp; 6S! One of the easiest to put on.<br/>Very ingenious to add the flaps on the sides for installation to make it very easy to line up the home button and the camera perfectly!
 Easily installed on my new iPhone 8. So far (5 days) so good.
 Make sure you order the right size!! I thought this was a 6S Plus cover and it is not... but I reviewed the one I actually used.  Good product but cracks easy.
 very nice and clear product! Quite happy I chose this one!
 Easy to install on the phone and can really take abuse.
 Easy to install, good quality,  nice and solid screen surface to touch.
 I am blown away by the quality of this screen protector. I was skeptical and ordered two just so I could break one to see how well it would hold up. After thoroughly shattering, the screen remained intact enough to run my finger across.
 This is the first tempered glass screen I've ever used and it's actually a neat little protector. It looks like glass, it's pretty thick as far as screen protectors go so it sorta makes you feel better about the screen. Also, your finger just sorta glides across the top of it versus my previous screen protector where I almost heard that squeaky sound on it. Lol. All in all, it's a pretty good little buy for the price.
 Arrived in 2 days with standard shipping, well packaged and protected, amd came with two kinds of dust removing wipes and anti-Semite stickers. Installation was easy due to the alignment sheets. Outstanding product.
 Easy to install. Glass like finish.
 I love the tabs on the ends. Made it so much easier to apply the screen.
 Ordered this product because my glass screen protector I got from Verizon cracked and chipped.  This one was easy to put on and it's much nicer looking.  Very clear glass and doesn't show as many fingerprints.
 Used on my iphone
 Good little screen protectors for the price have cracked multiple ones of these but never my actual phone yet 🤞🏼🤞🏼
 It does get scratches and air bubbles but otherwise is a great product
 nothing to dislike, the glass fit my phone perfectly and was easy to apply
 Perfect for someone who drops the phone all. the. time. Will buy again and again.
 My girls like it, so far so good
 So far this screen protector is working well on my iPhone 7.  Clear directions and easy to install.
 I know as an amazon buyer that reviews are very helpful, so I hope this is for you. The durability is very good and it comes with two screen protectors as well as cleaning kits. Looks nice and and fits my iPhone 7 perfectly. It is a great deal and I recommend this product.
 A must for any smart phone owner. Easy self installation, kit has everything you need and high quality.
 I love this product. Easy to apply and definitely protects. I dropped my phone and had a lot of cracks and was nervous taking the glass off, scared to see my phone but was relived when I saw that I had no damage to my phone! This comes with 2 screen protectors so I was able to replace it immediately . I ended up buying them fort family to protect our phones and iPads
 Film does not attach to screen on corners &amp; sides.
 easy to install, pretty durable
 For the price, these screen protectors are fantastic. They give you everything you need to apply them as easily as possible and they seem to be very high quality. I haven't had any issues with touch response either which is obviously important.
 So far, so good. I have not had my screen protector on for very long, so I do not know how it will do if I drop my phone. However, this was the easiest screen protector that I have ever applied. They come with cleaning tools and there were no bubbles when I put it on. It feels thick and sturdy as well.
 like it<br/><br/>am happy with it , without it i could have lost my phone's screen when it was dropped from the car
 Best screen protector in the market!  Not only protects your screens like no other but incredibly easy to attach/install!  Goes on perfectly!  (I watched the quick video instructions online) Seriously, purchase these!  You will not regret it.
 Great product!  I have used these on the past and I have never had any issues with my screens.  Super easy to apply.
 Durable glass. Along with a protective case, you'll have an extremely durable iPhone resistant to all if not most impacts
 I received a used iPhone 6s with a couple screen scratches as a gift. After applying one of these screen protectors, it looks and works like new. Great product!!
 My screen protector arrived right on time.  It was so easy to install with helpful directions as well.  I will order this again when my son drops my phone and cracks my screen again.  :)
 The corners are not sticking completely to the screen. Otherwise, I like the feel of the solid glass.
 Great Product works great!
 Really great product. I've been using the ZAGG glass screen protectors for years, and I was so frustrated at how easily they cracked/chipped even without dropping my phone. I thought all glass screen protectors must be that way, but this product really exceeded my expectations. Highly recommend!
 Awesome
 True to description!
 This product has saved me from having to replace my screen multiple times.  Great quality product and excellent customer service! Will continue to repurchase these and recommend!
 A little tricky to install, but overall a nice screen protector.
 Very well made and a fraction of the price I paid at the phone store! Pay very close attention to the installation instructions to prevent dust bubbles.
 I hope to never have to test how well it protects the screen from breaking but it went on easy and the couple tiny bubbles it had went away by the next morning.
 Super clear and the oleophobic coating means you can clean off fingerprints quickly.  Looks wonderful!
 Super easy install. Barely gets smudges. Nice and thick so adds protection to the screen. Only issue is that mine got a small scratch on it and I'm pretty careful with my phones.
 Just arrived today - MAJOR bang for your buck! Came with two screen protectors and two sets of cleaning wipes plus a card for removing bubbles. Application was SUPER easy given these nifty tabs that allowed you to hold position the screen protector without having to having to actually touch it. Cut outs for home button/camera/microphone/sensor were in perfect for my iPhone 6S.
 My wife and I recently got iPhone 7's anther friend mentioned that this screen protector had saved her screen a time or two, so I ordered them. The package contains two protectors.<br/><br/>I put one on my wife's phone Installation was easy enough though you do have to set the thing down just right, so it needs a steady hand. The protector is made of thin stiff glass (I guess), so does not conform to the slight curvature at the edges of the screen. To accommodate that, the protectors do not go quite edge-to-edge, leaving a small gap at each side. This seems to be as designed and makes sense.<br/><br/>I found that because of the screen curvature, the very edge of the protector did not stick down on one side, maybe a half-millimeter where it didn't stick. It could be that I set it down that far off, a half-millimeter is well within my error capability. :) It's hardly noticeable and is probably OK.<br/><br/>So far my wife has had no problems, the phone works fine in all regards. I did not put one on mine but had not planned to do so.<br/><br/>So I think it's all good and probably doing its job. There's no way to know other than dropping the phone and we're not up for that.
 The thickness and clarity of the protector is evident and of high quality.  I'm disappointed as to how one of the individual protectors in the package arrived.  The corner of the protector near the home button on my iPhone was cracked and does not lay right on the screen.  I'm sure it will not last very long.  Hope to get this replaced.
 Can't go wrong with this product.Would recommend.
 The cover is extremely easy to apply. It looks better than any other cover I have had. I love that it came as a two pack in case I ever need a backup one.
 Great product easy install. Recommended...
 Great product!  It comes with two clear protectors and all the necessary accessories to apply it to your phone correctly. The instructions are easy to follow and concise which allows you to put the protector on perfectly the first try!  So far it has performed its task of protecting my screen as advertised.  Well made. Well done.
 So far so good. Also very fair price.
 The glass went on easily and responds well to touch. It definitely doesn't cover full screen, leaving a 1/8 inch gap from case on all sides; I will update if I have any problems later!
 This screen protector was awful to remove. The adhesive was so tight that it didn’t come in one piece. The glass came off in shards - took forever to remove without ruining the phone screen. I would not recommend.
 Easy to install, very clear, doesn’t leave finger prints when you touch the screen. Can’t beat the quality for the price!
 Literally put on yesterday, dropped phone from about a foot off the ground and it shattered!  Ugh.
 Good customer service.Like they say please do this in the bathroom and turn the shower on to avoid any dust and it will come out perfect.Thankyou guys for the great customer support.Watch the youtube video before installing.Thanx,
 Arrived quickly and as advertised. I was actually to put this on with only two tiny bubbles, and one is on the white part that you can't even tell.
 Good quality. Really protect my phone. I used to break my phone screen almost every month. This screen protector is my savior. Good price too
 have used this product multiple times and as I am not rough with my phone it has its fair share of drops and hits and this screen can keep it protected for up to 6 months. i replace it after that time since the protector is usually cracked but my actual iphone screen is beautiful.
 I ordered these screen protectors after hearing two or three others at work talk about how satisfied they were with this product. I ordered two, one for my phone and one for my husbands phone. They did not disappoint. I would buy them again in a heartbeat!
 Easy to install
 So after having ordered this for now a third, possibly fourth time, I finally got around to registering the warranty. These screen protectors have saved my iPhone 7 numerous times now. I live a pretty active outdoorsy lifestyle and my phone has survived being dropped on all sorts of surfaces from various heights, most recently on to some very sharp fine gravel from ab<br/><br/>They feel as luxurious as the real screen, are crystal clear, and extremely easy to install. I usually wind up with a tiny speck of dust so I’ll try to install in a steamy bathroom per their recommendations when I inevitably need to replace my screen protector again. Thank goodness they give you enough supplies for two whole desearte installs.<br/><br/>When I purchased these for the very first time I was annoyed that it didn’t completely cover the phone’s face, but after having switched through several cases I understand now that that is to allow for different case fits... but it doesn’t affect the efficacy of the screen protector one bit.
 A bit thick, but I suppose that's the point. The surface feels exactly like the phone.
 Actually fit
 Great product. Apply a easily and the screen is so clear doesn’t even seem like it has anything on it.
 this came with a cleaning kit for your screen and detailed instructions. easy to apply. this is really good for the price. beats getting a 40 dollar screen protector.I would purchase again.
 I got two in the pack, The first drop the screen shatters in pieces. I haven't even installed the next one.<br/>Don't waste your money.
 This was the first time I got a screen protector with no bubbles!..This went on easily and it pretty much adhere without bubbles on its own--amazing!!..the tabs made it very easy to manipulate and properly adjust. Thanks much!!
 It works great! My wife always drops her phone and these things have held strong a protected it! I would have liked if the sides were protected a little better because they're exposed and able to chip, but other than that, these work great!
 I bought this tempered glass screen protector for my niece because she wanted to protect her new iPhone.  She loves it.  Doesn't have any complaints.  Will definitely order again!!
 Ok
 Dropped phone and this saved my screen. Have to replace it (no problem), but not the phone's screen!  Bought again.
 At first I totally screwed up putting it on and didn’t realize I didn’t take the main cover off. Duh! I emailed tech support and they immediately sent me a new kit. This time I did it perfectly. A great product and excellent customer service!
 Very well made product. Happy with my purchase.
 Entirely the WRONG size for any of the new iphones. Also forms bubbles when you place it on the phone’s surface. Terrible product. Complete waste of $$$
 Works just fine. Some difficulty applying it to the phone and still a little off but essentially is doing the protection job just fine.
 Excellent product..
 Tempered glass broke without dropping but lasted longer than a month. I've gone back to regular film protectors
 good product - great price
 My phone had a terrible fall from the table,then I saw everything cracked , thanks god my super protector was in my phone,I was thinking I just had my screen cracked...thanks to this product Im super HAPPYYYY,100% recommend, I had another new package at home,so I installed a new one,,the best best best protector ...thanksss!!!!!
 I've bought several of these in the paste. While the screen protector breaks, my I-Phone has always remained in tact, which suggests that this product works.
 Screen cracked the first week it was on my phone
 Very happy with this screen protector. Very easy to install and can't even tell it is on. This is the best screen protector I have had and will definitely buy again!
 I am notorious for dropping my phone and cracking my screen. In the past 5 years this is the first phone I've owned with not a single crack and I've had it for the past year now. Highly recommend this protector. Just because it's not expensive doesn't mean it doesn't work.
 Easy to peel off old protector screen and attach new one.  Just don't touch the sticky side with your fingers.  And the price is right.
 I wanted a sleek case that didn't add much bulk to the phone, yet protected it enough to not feel cheap or unreliable. I've had the case for about 6 months and I've had no troubles. The volume and power buttons on my phone aren't any harder to press with the case on, and it allows enough room to put a screen protector on as well. I haven't taken it off since I first put it on, so underneath near the camera has some gunk, but as far as protection and style go, it gets 5 stars from me.
 It's great for the price. Only 2 reasons it doesn't get the full 5 stars:<br/>-Non-smooth edges<br/>-It's a little on the frail side. Although it will protect your screen, it itself will break rather easily.
 Nice product.  Simple, fit perfectly, no issues with touch screen or visibility.  Easily recommend.
 This is a great protector. Not too thin/not too thick. I suck at putting it on without bubbles and dust under it though. It's amazing how dusty what I thought was clean is.
 Great screen protector, very easy to put on and all the tools that were needed came in the package. This screen protector does not cover every single inch of the screen theres about an inch of space between the edge of the protector and the edge of the phone when you put it on. However the quality for the price is great and it doesnt even feel like its there. I installed one on my phone and one on my husbands phone, and got no bubbles on the first try. This screen protector is great and easy to install highly recommend.
 Very easy to install, I only had one bubble and it was definitely my fault not the cover.
 Item arrived quickly and as described. I dropped the phone once and the protector broke but my screen did not ! Product does it’s job I am on the second screen and will purchase again. Thank you!!
 Horrible! Do not waste your money. The first one didn’t stick at all and I had to throw it away instantly and the second one may last a couple of days. I followed the directions but the edges DO NOT stick at all. I am extremely dissatisfied!
 Easy application with clear instructions, more durable than other tempered glass protectors I have used, the standout feature for me is even if it breaks the glass will not continue to break off into smaller bits along the broken edge, which is a common problem for normal tempered glass screen protectors.
 This protector couldn’t protect itself. Dropped my phone from a low point, maybe 2 ft. (Couch to floor) protecter cracked in 3 places, while my Tech21 case received no damage. Some rep emailed me about how the product is working, I responded with my problem...... Haven’t heard from him since. Great work! (Sarcasm)
 Easy to apply! Durable and clear! Looks like I had it installed professionally. I only wish the edges didn’t have a slight gap to them.
 Within 5 weeks of ordering, less of actually having them, I dropped my phone twice, and each drop caused the product to crack, majorly, as in across the whole screen.  I'm glad it has a lifetime warranty, but if this continues, I'm going to be ordering these very often :(
 Dropped my phone multiple times and it was fine! It finally cracked after a night out, but my phone is not cracked! I will buy again, flipping awesome.<br/><br/>I hope they come out with ones for the back of iPhones, being that the back of the 8 and up are glass. Go for it, get yours
 For my personal view: 5 stars + plus +<br/>my 3rd times puchased,because of Quality's+ Price+ Service.<br/>Thanks!
 Easy to apply.  Works as intended.
 This screen protector was easier to apply than I thought it would be and I was able to apply with minimal bubbling. My screen is super responsive now (I had an otterbox defender case before).  It looks so clean!
 You can't beat the price on these glass covers for the quality. I like these even better than the plastic ones because it's actually easier to put on without getting air bubbles.
 Just fine, I have not put this on my iPhone yet, I am keeping them in reserve. I just installed on my phone and it was really easy. Love the protection it gives.
 Great product! Very easy to apply to my iPhone. Also the price! You can't beat that! There similar products out in mainstream retailers that are selling something like this at $40-$50 for one, I got 2 for a tenth of that!
 I swear this arrived next day.  The directions were completely idiot-proof and application was easy.  Beautiful packaging - could have been an Apple product which is high praise.
 The product applied to the phone ok, but the first time the phone was dropped the screen cracked in multiple places and the screen protector did not crack. It does not help prevent phone screens from cracking.
 I did a lot of research on phone cases.  I wanted something protective, stylish and not bulky. This case exceeded my expectations.  It arrived fast!  It is classy looking and procective.  Survived two drops so far without a scratch. I would recommended getting a screen protector. Great phone case for the price!!
 Finally cracked in the corner of the protective screen after 10+ drops on the face of my iphone. Still usable. Excellent protection - and I've used several other brands that broke much faster.
 Fits and works as advertised. Very durable and easy to apply.
 I got this pack of two to use on my iphone 6 and my moms. They were super easy to put on and everything you need to put them on is in there including alcohol wipes. The instructions are really clear and so far it is a great product and a great deal!
 Just buy this product along with any case you need. Terrific customer service and the product itself is as good as any on the market. I have many devices in my family (5-6), and I do all the work myself to install the covers and screen guards. This one goes on great, the price is terrific, and I needed help from Customer Service and they were wonderful.....GOOD COMPANY.
 Wonderful Tempered Glass Protective Screen Covers for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S!  This 2 pack of Tempered Glass Screen Protectors come with a 2 cleaning kits and are simple to install.  We purchased these because we replaced the Otterbox that we had been using with a Spigen Case.  That case is really slim and nice; however, it did not offer protection for the screen against scratches and minor impact.<br/><br/>These Screen Protectors helped us to solve this issue and the Screen Protectors along with the new case were still much more affordable than our Otterbox Defender was.  The design allows them to fit as a screen protector for most cases which do not have an integrated screen protector.  The Home Button is exposed, so while there is no added protection of the home button for dust and water resistance, the functionality of iTouch is not impeded at all!
 Glass protectant screen for iPhone 6. Easy to apply. Slightly smaller then the actual screen but seems to be the norm for screen protectors. Would buy again.
 You get what you pay for with this product.  We should have invested in a higher quality screen protector.  It scratches easily and is already peeling away from the cell phone screen.
 I ordered this along with my iPhone 7 and it’s very easy to install! Way way better and easier than the plastic protectors! No dust underneath, no bubbles. I love this. I rarely drop devices though so I can’t say how well it protects it at the moment. Otherwise I like it!
 Amazing product and customer support! The first part had bubbles in it, so I contacted support and they sent me out another one. Just amazing support team! Second batch didnt have any bubbles so that was great! The screen protector is a very good one and keeps my iPhone 8 in great shape!
 The protector will cack, but lasts for a while. Definitely protects the screen beneath!
 I bought this in January and it's worked great. I recently cracked it on a snap throw and the flexible screen protector spider webbed cracked. It completely absorbed the impact and fully protected my phone. I definitely recommend this. The price is great and it's very protective.
 I have bought this twice perfect and comes with everything you need to clean and cover screen ! Plus a two pack for both phones is convenient 😊 Always  the best !
 Product came with every tool needed to get the screen protector on clearly and accurately
 Works great
 Shipped quickly in good packaging, provided clear instructions for installation and is providing the protection expected.  It was nice that it had the wet and dry cloths for cleaning the screen before application of the protector, and the Squeeze Card to eliminate bubbles when applying.  Overall, exceeded expectations.
 Amazing!!! Dropped my phone several times - I had totally forgotten that I had the protector on my phone.  Thought my phone was cracked.  To my utter excitement, it was only the protector that had cracked!!  It's legit!
 Was pretty easy to install, though it's a little tricky to get it perfectly centered. Had no trouble getting good contact with zero air pockets. So far it's working great.
 These are great! You never know it's there! Make sure you read the instructions before starting to install the protector glass. I wasted one of my two because I didn't read the directions!  Good thing there are two per package!
 Really like this screen protector.  Goes on easy, it is thick - not those flimsy ones that always look dirty and get sticky.  This just feels like the regular glass screen.  I feel really confident in the protection
 I rarely write reviews but the product and instructions were outstanding. One of the screens was cracked and their support line had another shipped on Christmas Eve, I received another pack of screen protectors ( the repair pack of two ) the day after Christmas. I thought this type of service was gone forever. They went above and beyond what I expected. I will most certainly recommend this product to others - both due to the quality of the product and the support behind it..
 The product seems to be sturdy although I wasn't able to use it because it was impossible to install. I tried on both screen protectors and dust continued to get underneath. The microfiber cloth left behind particles too. I was unsatisfied.
 Fool proof application.  Great quality.  Super protective.
 It works very well and their service is superb.
 These are great protectors...I have bought these for my iphones and a samsung as well and the protect perfectly
 Best screen protector we have ever purchased!
 I had to return it because I ordered the wrong one. I should have ordered the 8-plus. As it is my daughter ordered me the right one.
 I just received this 5 days ago, but so far it seems to be doing a good job. I do keep my phone in my purse and it does bump into keys, wallet etc., so far the screen protector looks great!  It was super easy to put on and came with everything you need to get it done.
 My wife likes the  screen protector on her new phone. Works well with the version of otter box she got.
 Would not adhere properly. I tried both piece with the same result and now I am stock on them because I cannot return them. They say they will replace them but I don’t think it will solve the problem. Actually ordered the wrong brand so I ordered the Omoton which I did before.
 I had a different experience when I better understand how the product work. It's an amazing product when you get it fixed. It gives an original feel of the screen with added protection. This product covered the screen completely without bubble gaps like other protectors in the market. It comes with a great customer service. If you don't like it, just call customers service, but if its Screen protector you are looking for, you will love this product.
 Great product. Easy to install. Great costumer service too! I would definitely recommend
 Really nice and very clear and doesn't interfere with touching the screen at all some covers can be so thick that you have to touch the screen more than once to get it to work but not this cover.  Love it!
 Works great. I bought this for myself then bought it again for my husband. It lasts for a long time and protects your screen very well. When I pulled the broken screen protector off there was no damage to my phones screen. The glass is very clear and easy to put on. Love this.
 I just bought this for my new iphone 8.  I waited until it arrived to pull the plastic off the cover of my iphone, so I didn't even need to clean it.  It fits perfectly.
 I bought this for my new iPhone 8 and it fits perfectly and has been easy to install and I feel that it will protect my phone if I were to drop it.
 One thing I want to say it's the most good quality screen protector I ever seen
 this was for my wife's new phone and she loves it and didn't need to watch the video on how<br/>to install it, she looked at the directions once and done she says five stars all the way
 Pick this up!  You’ll need it!
 After researching and reading the reviews I was excited to order this screen protector.  Upon opening the package I was amazed on how well packed and complete it came.  It has special tabs to assist in the installation not found with other protectors. Installation was easy and straight forward.  The problem that I ran into was that the screen protector was too small. It did not cover the actual visual screen of the iPhone 7.  I understand that it cannot extend to the edge due to varying sizes of cases however it should at least cover the screen. Overall packaging is impressive but not sure that I feel confident that my phone will be protected.  I'm now researching others to replace this one. Better to order another and spend more than to be sorry.<br/><br/>**My picture shows that the left is just covered but doesn't cover the right side.  Still leaves a lot of the original screen unprotected.**<br/><br/>Pros:<br/>Professional packaging.<br/>Comes well equipped with all the extras needed for a quick installation.<br/>Instructions.<br/>Has two tabs on the glass to assist in installing without any fingerprints.<br/>Comes with cloth to wipe fingerprints after installation.<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>Sharp edges, not rounded.<br/>Not wide enough! Does not coompletely cover the actual visual screen.<br/>Leaves a good amount of the original iPhone 7 glass screen unprotected.
 It was extremely easy to put on my phone
 The screen protector comes with two small handles, one on the upper and one on the lower end, on the protector.  The two handles make it easier to align the protector on the phone screen.
 A very good protector for my phone.
 This screen protector was super easy to apply to my iPhone 7 and came with helpful cleaning supplies for my phone screen. I was worried that the bubbles would stay once I applied the protector, however, they disappeared the next day! I would definitely recommend this protector!
 I forgot I had this on my phone. I dropped it good and the screen shattered. I was freaking out when my husband reminded me I had the protector! I took it off and my phone screen was fine! I dug out the second and put it right on. Easy to apply, no bubbles, and really works!
 Great screen protector and easy to install.
 Butter fingers dropped my phone on the pavement, Thought I had cracked the screen but thanks to the Glass protector the Phone screen was unharmed. So glad i got this! :) Phone looks brand new too!
 It works better than the previous from another company which shattered and affected the phone.  This one is fine so far just a few scratches but has been holding up well to protect the phone.  Will more than likely purchase again.
 Nope, this is some low quality thing you just have to buy over and over again aggggh it gets broken sooo easily
 Comes with everything you need including wet and dry wipes, dust removal stickers, installation guide, bubble squeeze card and warranty card. Easy to install and looks great so far. Much cheaper than what they try to sell  you at the phone store and just as good.
 I've put on dozens of screen protectors over the years and this is, without question, the easiet, cleanest, clearest cover I've ever worked with. One I laid the cover on the phone, it began to a adhere itself with nearly no help from me for a blemish free application. This is awesome.
 Easy to install with the instructions
 I’ve had screen protectors before and dropped my iPhone and never ever got cracks on the protector. This protector does do its job as protecting your screen yet it’s not great quality. I’m a bit dissapointed to be honest. Had mine for a week and have cracks, dropped once.
 I have used several different brands of phone screen protectors ranging in various prices.  By far this has been the best one and one of the best priced products as well. Very easy to install
 Excellent quality. Easy to apply. Do not see any advantage thus far to the much more expensive Tech Armour I have been purchasing until now.
 nothing bad to say so 5 stars!
 Love it, very easy to intall and no bubbles. Also techmatte that is the company whom design the tempered glass send you an email with videos to help you more but I did not need them,  the instructions was more than enough. I recommend this product and also price is great
 These screen protectors have lasted longer than other ones I’ve tried. Inside the package was info to register for free lifetime replacements. Definitely worth it if you are clumsy with your phone.
 Easiest screen to apply because of the double tabs.
 I know this saved my phone when I dropped it.  A must have!
 This case was for my 16 yr old- he had a new i phone 6 and was returning to school - he had already dropped it and cracked screen. I have the protection plan but did not feel this merited replacement of the phone. I put on the protector glass over the cracked screen and "-BAMF-" it was like a new phone was instantly in his hand. A great product.
 It is about a 1/4 inch too small all the way around, leaving a gap between the protector and your case where the screen is exposed and dirt collects. Wish I’d gotten something else.
 Just put the screen saver on my new iPhone 6S.  It went on exactly as directed. I have a tiny bubble bottom left corner. However I'm very pleased with it. Not bad for 74-year-old hands.  Thanks for your product and for your directions and for your concerns.
 This product protects my screen really well but does not want to adhere to the sides of my phone. I also like a screen protector that extends beyond the screen for better protection, and this one does not do that. It stops right past the screen.
 Well, two things. First the good. It was the easiest screen protector I've ever put on. It is very clear and does not interfere with the touch sensitivity and should be quite protective. Felt durable and cleans easy. The bad. The slight under-sizing. I realize it's done on purpose, but it's a bit annoying. My wife noticed it first thing when I put it on her phone and she's still seeing if she can get used to it. It made it more noticeable if it was even slightly off center compared to regular sized protectors as well. That's the only reason I'm docking one star. Otherwise I think it's one of the better screen protectors out there. Especially in ease of use to put on. Didn't have a single dust spec or bubble (that couldn't be ironed out using the included card to push the bubbles out). I just hope the under-size aspect doesn't annoy my wife enough to make me buy something different and have to put another one on. XD
 I LOVE these.  I use them on my person and work phones.  They apply easy and are able to be removed when needed.  You get two in each pack.  I can't say enough good things
 Protector did not adhere to phone. Came off within 2 days.
 So far so good. Been on my phone less than a week and I really like it. Screen protector seems not to show finger smudges like the iPhone's bare glass. As far as installation, it's like most screen protectors. Read the directions and take your time or you'll end up cursing.
 Great instructions, a little small but the instructions stated that it would be.  So far my screen is clean and scratch free thanks to these.
 Comes with 3 screens and easy directions along with everything you'll need to clean your phone screen before
 Good protectors.  Very happy with them.  Easy installs and last a long time.
 Worked great on both phones I used it on, my 14 and 18 y/o, and has survived several drops and kicked across the room on the screen and no damage to the phone or the screen protector.
 Easy application, good fit to the screen for iPhone7. Touch screen works just as well as if it weren't there. Haven't dropped the phone (yet), but I'm sure it will prove itself to be protective as well.
 It's nice that 2 were included so it gives you one "do-over".  It was actually very easy to install, and it looks the same as before I put it on.  Another great thing is it's so thin, it did not add any noticeable weight to the phone.
 Very impressive product. The quality for the value, suprised me. Great packaging, with two sets of protectors that include wipes, dust removal and a tool to remove bubbles. I have to see what the durability is, but for now and very pleased with it.
 easy to install.  looks great on my phone.  I have no problem with it not going all the way to the edge of the phone.  I understand that it cannot due to the curved edge of the phone.
 This was a cake walk, peel and stick simple. Ended up buying 2 more
 good protection for my 6s, i had dropped my phone on the screen side by accident, the screen cover got broken, but my phone screen was all good. Except it doesn't quite fit when i was trying to use the mini lens kit on the phone. but I wouldn't blame it.
 Expensive but it works good
 The price was great and the screen protector is the same as we buy in the apple store. I wish it was a bit wider but other than that its a good product
 This screen protector would not adhere to my phone screen. I made sure the screen was clean and the placement was perfect. Allowed time for it to set up, worked out the bubbles, and the edges would not seal. I see many good reviews on this product, so maybe I just had some defective product.
 I use this screen in conjunction with a otterbox and this combination keeps my phone screen crack free. For me, the right edge didn't adhere completely, but I did put the screen on a bit crooked. Take your time to put the screen on straight to avoid that issue. Otherwise great product for the price!
 Fits perfect on my iPhone 6 and 7.
 I was amazed how easy this was to install. The first time worked great, no air bubbles and looks straight. The quality is fantastic, Nice to get two - I'll share one with my daughter : )
 Applied real nice and easy.  Way easier than the older flexible screens.  However, I think there is room for improvement by making cover slightly wider to fully cover the screen.
 Very happy with this product. Just as described. I will order from TechMatte again.
 my son thought they were kinda cheap but he's using it
 Good product
 Instructions are not very clear. It states to peel off step one sticker, then place the glass on the phone, then peel step 2. However there is no step 2 sticker. I had to figure out that step is there but you need to pick at it with your finger nails to get it, then you can stick it on your phone.
 Easy to install
 I love the way you put it on the phone! It makes it so much easier! Great product!
 Yeah not bad for the prices
 Beautiful, clear, inexpensive, and it comes in a 2 pack - what's not to love?
 Really loving this case so far! It's slim and sleek but still protective. It also adds the perfect amount of 'bulk' to the phone so it's more comfortable to hold. Looks great with my space grey phone.
 Excelente, a tiempo ,fácil de instalar durable
 This screen protector is very clear! I've used ones that are a little blurry but these you can see through crystal clear. I really like that they personally send you an email to see how the product is. For some reason, the corner of one of my screen protector wouldn't stick and kept coming up. After telling them, they sent me another one for free but it must've got lost in the mail. So I emailed them again and they sent me another pack! They were really great and understanding about it. Would definitely buy from them again.
 It went on very easily. I have applied many screen protectors and I have to say this one was the easiest. As far as protecting the iPhone screen, well that we'll have to wait and see...
 I always buy this product, becasue there are two protectors for a good price. They tend to chip after two/three weeks of using at the corners
 iPhone 6 only lasted 3 days putting it in my case and it cracked the corner
 The packaging was simple and straight forward. Everything I needed to apply it was there and the instructions where very clear. The screen protectors are thick and look high quality. Once applied the screen protector looks very clear and covers the part of the screen that it's supposed to cover. My otter box commuter case fits perfectly around it and 3D Touch on the iPhone 7 seems uneffected. All in all I would recommend this screen protector.
 Great screen protector, works well no complaints
 It’s too small for the iPhone 8
 Saved my phone!  I have dropped my phone several times since putting on the screen protector glass and only the protector cracked and not my phone!  I will definitely buy this again!  Thank you!
 So far so good.  I've had it about a month now for my IPhone 7 and it's holding up.  I had a problem lining up the home button a little; sometimes I have a problem pressing the exit bottton in the corners on the pop-ups ads but overall it's doing the job.
 This product is awesome! The protective coating cracks on impact thus protecting the phone's screen.
 Money well spent
 Although I do not know the exact durability of this product, I can say it was the easiest and efficient to install. I have purchase another screen protector where it was hard to get on and I got finger prints all over the sticky side before putting it on. This product is seamless in application and it worked the best. Will purchase again if needed.
 Had lots of different screen protectors on various gadgets over the years but this is the first glass one.  FAR easier to put on and so far, seems to do a great job.  Stays cleaner than previous protectors and wipes quicker if it does get a little grubby. No testing of the protection element yet...as always, hopefully not needed!
 I used this with my old iphone and when I got a new iphone I made sure I purchased again.  I drop my phone all the time and at times the screen cover has cracked, but my phone was never damaged.<br/>I find each screen cover lasts about a year before needing replaced.
 So far works well
 Great customer service and even better screen protector! I will say the screen protector had bubbles (even though I applied it as instructed ) so I did contact customer service and they provided me with a 2nd one and it applied very well!! Thank you!(:
 This screen protector fits perfectly and comes with all the necessary tools to ensure proper installation.  I would highly recommend this product!  The quality is much better than other screen protectors I have ordered from other companies.
 Purchased a set of screen covers for my son's iPhone 6. The first one developed a crack within a couple days (for no good reason). It was replaced with the other one that came in the box. That one also cracked in a few days for no good reason.<br/><br/>Poor quality. Avoid.
 Fabulous customer service if you need to return! Awesome protection for iPhone 8!
 Easy to install! Good product. FIts my iphone 7
 I really like the feel and the quality of the tempered glass but I really hate that it bubbles around the edges. Installing this was ok, but not great. Whenever you pull off the cover for the adhesive side, it seems like that’s a magnet for dust, even if you’re being as careful as possible.
 I’ve gotten tons of glass screen protectors before but this one has a really crappy cleaning part. The screen still had dust on it and it doesn’t look very nice. I did everything I could but the supplies just weren’t good enough. The point is to make it look nice while protecting it.
 Easy to put on.  The company emailed me on the day I actually received it making sure I was happy with the purchase with information on how to apply the protectors.  Great customer service and the product is just as expected!
 Saved my brand new iPhone.
 Great price for a tempered glass screen protector. It was easy to install. Picture is very clear and there is no compromise in the sensitivity to touch with the protector in place. So far so good with durability.
 Very happy with this screen protector, easy to apply with all needed items &amp; instructions included.
 Love the screen protector. Very durable and yet doesn’t interfere with 3D touch of the iphone. What I like most about this is that it doesn’t attract that much fingerprints and smears compare to those film screens. Even if some smears happen now and then, they can be easily wipe off with a piece of cloth or with whatever clothes on you
 It works!  I put the first protector on and within a month or so I cracked it.  So I just put on the second protector and am about to order another two.  Cannot beat the price.
 This is the second time I’ve purchased these screen protectors. First time was for myself, suggested by my brother in law and second for a friend who needed a new screen protector. I will continue to use this product! I have had no issues and they’re easy to replace!
 My first time I have ever used a do it yourself screen protector that resulted in no bubbles or trapped dust particles underneath after application.  I have used this product on 4 Iphones and each resulted in the same excellent finished product.  Very easy to use with everything you need in the box for a prefect result.  I will be buying more of these for the other smart phones on my account.
 Awesome screen protector. Protectors my Iphone screen for all the time's I've dropped it. Will definitely by again.
 This is the best screen protector for the price!! It literally saved my phone from a bad drop from any cracking or scratches. I am very impressed and satisfied with this product. Will be buying more for the family this Christmas!!
 These screens work great for the price. Easy to install and great protection for my screen.
 This is a very good product.  I especially appreciated the clear instructions and the excellent packaging of the protective glass itself, as well as the wipes, drying towel, dust pick-ups, and cloth.  This business takes its product seriously and it shows.  The price is also very nice.  Well done.
 This is a great screen and shows no fingerprints.
 Second time I’ve ordered this protector.  It had saved my screen on previous phone several times.  Because they are not super expensive, I order extra sets to have on hand to replace in event of a drop and cracked protector.  Easy install, great product!
 I would love to write a review but I ended verdantly ordered the wrong size. So although it was easy to unwrap and ready for installation, I realized that it was too small and I rewrapped it. I will have to order a larger size
 The sales rep at the Verizon store recommended a real glass screen protector for my new iphone 6. This was a good value for two covers. I was able to easily install it with no air bubbles. Hopefully this will protect my phone from anything the kids might accidentally do to it.
 much better than those screen savers at walmart. goes on easy no bubbles.
 Very nice. Easy to install when reading and following instructions. Remember, READ THE INSTRUCTIONS!
 Easy application. The glass is thicker than I'd prefer but so far works good.
 For the price I expected more<br/>The device doesn’t stick to the phone and the second layer does not peel away. I tried with both included in the package and neither worked. Waste of money :(
 Product adheres well and does not interfere with the operation of the phone. The instructions were easy to follow and the setup allowed for precise alignment
 it does its job :)
 Great quality! I’ve dropped my phone a few times and have had zero cracks! Box contains a little dust rag, wet wipe and a little absorbent piece to ensure when protector is placed, it is dust and etc, free!
 Great product. A fraction of the price for what I paid at the phone store, and it seems to be working great. Plus, it came with two screens! Can't beat this. Dropped my phone a few times and the screen is still good.
 These are exactly what I wanted!  Everything comes with and installation was a breeze!  Just be sure to work in a clean environment.
 Fit perfectly. Easy to install. Good instruction. Durable
 Work great. Need some skill to install cleanly. I have done quite a few
 Great service! Nice kit for cleaning the screen before installation. A little hard to install specially to fix it properly to fit the screen.
 pretty good screen protector
 The sides of the protectors didn’t stick nicely to phone. We took them straight from packaged phone with plastic cover and there was white spots on both phones we put protectors on. There was no dirt on screen prior to putting them on.
 Best product ever bought for my iPhone. The glass is well cut to fit and smooth on the touchscreen. Easy install.
 Love the durability!  Thanks for a great product!
 Thankfully the day after I put on the screen protector, I dropped my phone on the pavement. The screen protector cracked but  screen on the phone did not.
 The protector glass for my iPhone fit perfectly.  The kit came with cleaning tools and a cloth to remove dust.  The film was easy to apply and you get 2 pieces of film.  My brother recommended this product to me and I am happy with it.
 Exactly what I wanted to protect my beautiful new IPhone!
 These two pack screen protectors came in a timely manner.  I found installation was straight forward and simple.  They look great and are perfect for my iPhone 6!
 Easier screen saver to apply. Sturdy, clear, with no problems of dust or bubbles.
 very nice fit, very easy to install, excellent instructions. It is thick so very protective, but that very thickness is also easily caught by fingers when sliding over the screen and dirt...otherwise very good product
 It fits well and is reasonably priced.
 This products seems sturdyand of good quality, was VERY inexpensive, was easy to apply and the few "bubbles" disappeared exactly as claimed within a few hours.
 Covers were exactly as described in listing. Attach easily and help make my new iPhone feel sleek. Phone is very responsive to touch with this cover. Haven’t dropped phone yet....so haven’t tested strength of cover. Hope I never have to!  Very happy with my purchase.
 Very good product at a great price
 Very impressed with this screen protector. Easy to put on and looks good - no bubbles!
 My previous screen protector made the screen look opaque, but with this one it looks like brand new. Installation was very easy with the supplied material. Just installed it so can't comment on durability.
 Best screen protector brand I’ve tried so far. No bubbles and applies very easily
 I've always used screen protectors that got old and scratched.<br/><br/>This glass protector is really easy to put on; I got exactly 0 bubbles. It doesn't collect dust. Most importantly, it feels much better than a typical screen protector. A+!
 This product is awesome. My phone took a bad fall onto tile and the screen protector cracked but kept my actual screen in tact.  Comes with a cleaning kit and clear instructions. Highly recommend!
 Great job! Held up ok.
 Very easy to put on the phone.  but, be sure to use the card included to smooth out the bubbles.  the screen protector is thicker than the typical type of film used and this is good because you want the protection.
 Great price, works as says, protects my phone from my butterfingers. Also, really easy to install! No air bubbles or anything of the like. Cannot recommend enough:<br/>UPDATE as of 9/16/2017<br/>The glass failed to protect my phone screen from a two foot drop. Unfortunately, can't recommend something that didn't do its job. Not looking forward to replacing the screen.
 Screen fits perfect, delivered as expected excellent purchase
 Looks great. Pulled the old plastic sceen off my otter box for my iPhone 6. Put the new screen protector on my phone. Put the otter box back on.
 Not what you want, too hard to put on the screen had too many bubbles and had to go to Apple to buy one anyway. They had a machine to install it and it when on perfect! Do try this or you too will send it back!!!
 The screen protector was easy and simple to put on. But it’s just a tad small for my iPhone 7. It really should come a bit bigger. There is a gap between the protector and my phone case. And it doesn’t cover the screen all the way. And it’s perfectly lined up. Loved how it all came packaged.
 I Purchased These Glass Protectors For My Daughter..So Far They Have Passed The Test, Great Quality!
 Easy instructions!  Love this product!  Love that it has warranty as well!  Will definitely recommend and buy again.
 These are good quality screen protectors that fit perfectly.  The kit includes clear instructions and all the products necessary to clean the screen before applying the screen protector.  This costs a fraction of what phone stores charge for screen protectors.
 Very sturdy, works very good as far as protecting phone - what I didn’t like is I wasn’t able to put the screen protector on without get smudge marks on it.. once on the screen protector needed to be wiped if with the cloth several times a day - isn’t a it deal - for the money I highly recommend-
 Easy to install.  Dropped my iphone on gravel a year after installing the screen.  The screen protector SAVED my iPhone.  When I went to reorder, I saw that the company offers a lifetime warranty, and they sent a new pack.  Thank you!
 Exactly what I needed and 75% less than a walk in store. Easy instructions to follow to apply to your phone
 Does not adhere on the edges all the way around the phone.  Had to return.
 I really liked the placement tabs and the suggestion to replace the screen in a steamy bathroom.  I was able to place the glass with no bubbles and no lint!  If the glass breaks they will replace it!
 Excellent product to protect my iPhone it really protect the screen from scratch and falls
 these were a little small for my iphone 7, but they did protect it when i dropped it!
 This does not come close to fitting the iPhone 7 it’s way too small! It doesn’t even line up over the microphone.
 This does NOT fit the 8
 I purchased this item one and half a year ago which was a perfect product. However, my experience is bad this time. It seems the product has been in stock for a too long time so that both of the protectors cannot fit the edge of the screen at all. I'm disappointed.
 Somehow, it seems as though my screen is more vivid and fingerprints/smudges are either less noticeable or are resisted.  It was hella easy to apply, much more easily applied than others I've used in the past.  I was able to give the second one to my friend and he's happy with it as well.
 This is the first time I am writing a review and I buy product on Amazon all the time. This was the worse screen protector. It cracked within a day of putting it on. Not a durable product at all.<br/><br/>I would give it no stars if I could.
 These screen protectors arrived a day late, but it was in great packaging and the screen proctectors were not cracked. It had directions, cleaning cloth, tape, and a card to smooth out bubbles. This feels like great quality. I gave this 4 starts because even though I used a cleaning cloth, used the tape, and used the card to smooth the bubbles. I still have small bubbles near the outside of the glass.
 I have a bad habit of dropping my iPhone 7. I drop my phone on average once per day. With this screen protector, my screen has not cracked at all. Even if my phone lands face down, the screen remains perfect. Even the screen protector has not scratch marks or anything.
 great protection
 Fit my iPhone 7 perfect. I will buy this product again.
 Works good - has video to show how to install.
 I installed one of these 8/16 and it worked. I desided to replace the one I had on because I was cupped and cracked. This is what it looked like after I took it off. There's not a scratch left on my phone.
 Great screen protector! I’ve dropped my phone a dozen times and not so much as a chip! Great quality for such a low price, highly recommend!
 Great product great price
 Easy to put on, looks great (especially if like me, you kept the last one until it was demolished!)
 Good product. Some say the glass is too small but I believe it is designed that way since some of these phones have a slightly curved edge. It still protects nicely
 This is not cut to fit the iPhone 7. With the cutouts lined up perfectly, there is a small strip of the black screen on the left side that is uncovered. The right side is fine.
 Promptly shipped via Prime, packaged well with instructions on applying flawlessly.  Overall a good product and exactly what we needed.
 It is by far the best screen protector I've had in years! I bought it for my iPhone 6s and it fits perfectly within the round edges of the screen. It doesn't affect the 3D touch at all and the best part is it's extremely easy to install! In the past I have messed up a lot of my screen protectors just because I would end up with a tiny speck of dust on the screen. But with this, it's almost impossible to go wrong. Just follow the YouTube video they provide, and nothing can go wrong! Would definitely recommend and buy again!
 I love this case.  It's exactly what I wanted to keep my phone protected but still slim.
 Easy to install, does the job
 Works great.  Just be careful putting them on not to get any fingerprints on them.
 Good product,  was for family members phone. No complaints as of now. Thanks again  !!
 So far, this is the best screen saver I’ve had so far. It feels really high quality, and it’s so smooth and makes my phone look WAY better. It’s really easy to keep clean, and although I’ve only had it for a little while, it’s held up extremely well.
 I made this purchase for I phone 8. So far it’s living up to the product description of quality and performance.
 Excellent. Exactly as advertised and clear instructions with wipes for best application. Very pleased.
 Great product for the price.
 very easy to put on. very clear screen afterward.
 As described
 Very good and esse to install
 Excellent. Easy to put on
 Had on my phone for about a month, working great so far
 Great product!  Used it on an iPhone 7.  Includes excellent instructions with two sets of cleaning pads and screen protectors.  Screen protectors has two tabs on either ends to help guide and preclude getting fingerprints on the underside of the protector while placing, which makes centering the protector a breeze.
 great lasted a year before the h=started to chip in the corners but they sent me two in a pack once this really breaks i will change it
 Already paid  for it's self!
 Though recommended with the purchase of the YOUMAKER case it is not needed.  The case included a screen protector and if you add this then the case will not fit over the phone.  I'm sure it works great for cases without a screen protector included.
 When I place my phone on the table with the screen protector face down, the phone slides off the table and drops to the floor.  I never had this issue with any of the screen protectors, I used in the past.  My phone fell for the 3rd time in 2 days.
 I buy these all the time! I got through them all the time because im clumbsy with my phone. But sure enough, my screen is safe!
 great
 if you follow the instruction video, it's so easy to install.  It literally installs itself (hard to explain but it just sucks the glass down onto the screen with no bubbles).  haven't put it to the test, but I'm assuming the protection is fine
 great screen for the price.
 did not stick to the phone.  The curve in the glass had the sticky tape, but they did not adhere to the curve and within one day of use it just FELL OFF.  Then - it landed on the ground and cracked!
 It really enhances your screen visibility compared to the old otterbox plastic screen protector I used before. The only downside is after some use, it has started to scratch on the surface. I would highly recommend!
 Arrived on time and product as expected.
 First review I've written for Amazon but this product is great! First, the first one I put had some too many bubbles and I had to toss it (the 2nd went on flawlessly) so they sent me another 2 for free within 3 days to replace the one! Great customer service! Then, after only 1 week with it on, I dropped my phone and it broke the glass but my phone was fine, great product for the price! Recommend to anyone!
 I dislike this becoz it not strong like they said. My was cracked when I dropped my Phone once even my phone had covered. Not recommended.
 Cheaper  price than the phone store by far
 Easy to install but make sure your screen is perfectly clean or you will see the bits of dust. Watch the instructions video, it helps.<br/>Glad it comes with two, this is for my 17 year old, I'm sure I will need it.
 With a glass screen protector you keep all the touch sensitivity of your screen. This kit comes with everything you need. Line up the glass film carefully and everything is great.
 Great protection at an affordable price, it's also a 2pk so if you mess up the first installation you have a backup. It was very easy to install and looks great.
 Very easy to apply. Even for a no professional, someone who ever have done it. Instructions easy do follow. Excellent quality but, without the price tag from shops who try to pay their shares bonus from us who buy their screen protectors.
 As advertised, the protector does not provide an edge-to-edge fit on the 6S, due to the curved screen. This screen protector, if applied correctly, fits perfectly, perhaps 1/10 mm to spare, from edge to edge of the viewable screen, excluding the rounded bezel of the phone. Does not cause any halo around the edges if applied correctly with the viewable screen centered, providing that additional room to spare as mentioned.<br/><br/>I give this only a 3 star because the screen protector does not seal perfectly around the edge once applied. There are some spots that you can visibly see it does not adhere. This is not due to the curved screen, but I believe it's just due to bad manufacturing. Some segments of along the edges just don't have enough adhesive to provide the complete seal! See attached picture to see what I mean. Another note - packaging is definitely on the cheaper end of things, unlike some of its competitors of the same price range.
 This is the easiest glass screen protector that I have ever installed. Unlike the other glass screen protector which is hard to avoid dust bubbles, amFilm did a great job on instructions and all the tools we need.<br/>I'll take some time to observe if it's easy to chop or not. The one I had last time got chipped 2 weeks I installed it.
 The film does the job of protecting my iPhone 6s but around the edges looks like it is not sticking to the glass. At least I see a haze under the film and when I press on it it looks like it is gone but as soon as I release the haze is back. I did everything according to manual. It is unfortunate that for the price you pay it is not sticking well.
 Exactly what I wanted.  Super easy to install.  They even send a short training videos.  It comes with everything you need to do an "idiot-proof" installation.  I'd recommend this to everyone and will buy more of their products in the future.
 These things never last long with a toddler who loves to throw things in the house, but so far so good with this brand. My one comment is there's about a millimeter along the edge that isn't flush with the phone (iPhone 6S), which you can only see when the screen is dark. So far it hasn't seemed to effect my ability to navigate along the edges.
 Loving this! I can actually feel the glass layer and taking air bubbles out of it was so convenient because as I set it on my screen it would automatically take most of the bubbles out as it was layed down. Wish it was a bit wider because it took me several times to make sure it protected the entire screen
 easy to follow instructions and easy application. The screen protector seems to melt onto phone screen making application seamless.
 Product came quickly and as described. Fits well on the face and the way they package the film it's pretty easy to put on the glass. Not too bad at all!
 Saved my poor phone’s life a couple of times. Have bought this twice!
 Have had mine for awhile now at least 6months have dropped my phone plenty.  Not I scratch or chip on it.  Very pleased.  Great price easy to put on.
 It works as stated. Easy to install as long as one follows the directions.
 Very nice screen protector for iPhone 6s. Note that it does not cover the edge of the curved display, but I do not aware of any product that fits to the curved display.  The instruction is clear and the product includes two sets of wet and dry wipes to be used before the installation.  When you install, try not to redo the installation.  When you do so, the edges will not stick as well as it would for the first application.
 Very easy to put on. Still has some bubbles around the edges but that's probably just due to the curved screen.
 I have a daughter that is a Butterfinger and she drops things constantly I can sit here and watch her dropped her phone in an hours time about 5 times  without a scratch that to me is worth cost of your  product  you are saving me hundreds of dollars thank you so much. Thanks, Jeff Rider
 This product went on very easy great fit first time I put it on the iPhone.  I had another brand on my first iPhone never could totally get the air out of it no matter what I did. You don't even know you have a screen protector on. Delivery was quick and the sent an email to follow up.
 Good product
 Received it the next day. It fit perfectly on my iPhone 8, and although I've only had it for several weeks, the screen has not cracked or unsealed.
 This screen protector has saved my cellphone. This screen protector serves as a layer that allows the shock from dropping your phone to impact the screen protector, not your actual screen. I will always choose amFilm!
 One  already cracked on the edge when I dropped the phone
 It can be tricky to get the protector on there lined up correctly and without any dust under it, but once you do, it's totally worth it.
 This just saved my phone.  Without it I would be putting on a new $175 screen... Soooo worth every penny.  And it says it has a lifetime warranty so I'm going to send back the shattered one and see if they will replace it?  I'll post an update.  Best purchase I've made in a long time.
 My baby daughter plays around with my phone. As one imagine it gets hit on the floor every once in a while. Nor even one scratch since I'm using this screen protector...Totally recommended
 Great product, and so easy to apply (especially for people like me who can’t seem to get everything lined up just right!). Took me next to no time to put this screen protector on perfectly!
 At first I was kind of scepticle about the price but I decided to go with it because all the great reviews..this otter box is a amazing being a nurse I always have to have my phone on me so when it dropped out of my pocket while caring for a patient I was so nervous cause it was a far drop 😅But my phone didn't have any problems at all.NO CRACKS 😍 I would recommend this product to anyone who cares about their phone!!!!!😊
 These seem to work just as good as my old $40 screen protector for much less money.  They came with everything needed to install them easily.  I would recommend these to anyone.
 does its job
 We used each screen on two different iPhones, with unfortunate results. One has a spot in the middle of the screen (not a bubble), that does not clean off and can hinder viewing. It also was not sticky all the way to edges, so edges of the screen protector are not in contact with the glass and dirt gets stuck underneath. The second screen applied much better, but cracked in the middle in less than week. Very problematic. (We followed instructions to the letter during application, and neither phone receives "rough" use.)
 Screen not broken despite many involuntarily attempts. 10/10 would use protection again.
 I had to replace my iPhone, this is the screen protector glass I used on my old phone and liked the easy and bubbleless application so I reordered it for my new phone.
 Easy to apply, works perfectly, my 14 year old daughter has dropped her iphone multiple times and this protector worked every time.  Will buy again and again.
 Very easy to follow instructions for clean, dust-free placement on my iphone.  Thank you!
 It is very easy to install. Following instructions, I had no problem with dusts or bubbles while installing it. It protects the screen really well. .
 Has protected my​ phone from so many falls. Amazing for the price. Easy application and comes with 2 in case one breaks if you drop your phone.
 Hello. Thank you for asking about my purchase..I am sorry to say that I ordered the wrong size and have not been able to use the screen protector. I am going to send it back if I can't find a friend who needs it.
 I’ve purchased many phone screen protectors, but this is by far the best I’ve ever had. The quality is superb and the picture quality is as clear as water. You can’t even tell there’s a screen protector. Definitely buying over and over again.
 I've been using this glass screen on my iPhone 7 for 2 wks. &amp; am so far pleased with the quality. They're less than half the price of the same-quality screens sold at cellphone dealers. The screen also is securely in place, any air bubbles smoothed-out easily when applying &amp; there isn't any corner peeling thus far.
 This definitely protects your phone far beyond just a normal screen protector. I’ve dropped my phone so much and the screen should be shattered, but I believe this has been a life saver. I also like the cleaning products that come with it as well as the packaging.
 These were easy to apply. Air bubbles were not a problem. It came with everything needed to clean your phone and do the application. They look nice.
 Item arrived on time and as expected; my husband only placed the screen protector on his new iphone three days ago, but has had no complaints thus far. I plan to use the second protector that came in the package. This is our first time using this brand, will update review if any concerns arise!
 I bought this for iphone, installation was easy, just make sure the glass align correctly.<br/>the feeling of glass is nice , really smooth
 Bought this to replace a different brand that had cracked.  Easy to apply, provides all of the tools you need to prep the phone and apply successfully.
 I don’t want to be negative, because I do actually like this screen protector. But, it doesn’t fit my phone. I have an iPhone 8 and the glass doesn’t go to the edges of my screen. I know I would really like this screen protector if only it was a little bigger and o can’t return it 😭
 These are awesome! Hopefully I'll never drop my phone to find out just how protective these are, but I'm very impressed so far. Great packaging, excellent materials for cleaning the phone &amp; the screen protector goes on easily with no bubbles. Definitely worth the purchase!
 I tried several other brands before finding this one.  This is the second purchase, I've put these on all the family iphones.
 This is what I wanted! I really liked! Meet the description! Good packaging and fast delivery! I recommend this product!
 Broke easly
 excellent quality, great customer service!
 Great product. You don’t even notice it on the surface of the cellphone.
 EDIT: They hassle free sent me a new pack of protectors due to one being cracked upon arrival. AWESOME customer service!<br/> Seems to be a durable screen protector. One of the screen protectors were cracked upon arrival, packaging was okay but one was still cracked. Installation was easy and no problems putting it on. 4 stars because the one came cracked and I now don't have a back up protector without buying another pack.
 Excellent protectors! Feels just like the normal screen. My wife broke one, and it saved the actual iPhone screen from breaking.
 Was good not much complains. After using all the stuff to prevent bubbles, it still left some small and big bubbles which I was get read of them after minutes.
 This was the best screen protector I bought in a long time. Good packaging, clear instructions and best of all no bubbles at all. I highly recommend this item to anyone who is looking for screen protector.
 Protector feels thick and was easy to put on! High quality. Put it on quickly before dust gathers on the sticky side! My only gripe is the screen seems a bit less sensitive and some actions don't respond the first try. Will purchase again though.
 Excellent product overall. Just put it on my iPhone 6s today. The instructions are simple, and the cover gets applied very easily and there are no bubbles with the way the protector sticks to the screen. This is the only screen protector I've ever been satisfied with. Definitely recommended!
 Very easy to apply, great quality
 The screen protector was pretty easy to install and position after watching the video with the tips. I was very pleasantly surprised that the material was very clear -- it was much clearer than the retailer-installed screen protector that I used previously.
 So far all is good with the screen protector. Although I really do not want to drop my phone to test out if the screen will break easily still I will say that it was very easy to apply, the screen is clear and does not look dirty, and it fits my iPhone 7 very well. I am pleased with the purchase I do not feel this was a waste of money at all. I also like that it comes with the wipes and cloth to clean your phone before applying and you get two protectors so this is a great purchase for me.
 Nice protector- fits like others and can't beat the price- only dislike is that it wraps slightly around round button and has slightly sharp edges
 I love this screen protector.  Flawless application as long as you take your time and get every spec of dust off the screen.  Looks great and repeals more oil from holding the phone up to my face compared to other screen protectors I've used in the past.  5 out of 5, would recommend.
 item worked well, dropped phone and protector broke and not screen
 Edges not fit with iPhone 8, can’t fit on the side. Strong reflection of light.
 Product fit just perfect and got here very quick. Has worked after dropping phone one time. It doesnt bubble when applied and covers the whole screen. This came with 2 in a pack so i have a back up if needed. Definately would buy again.
 Installation was a breeze and the fact that they put two tabs either end really added to the ease. I actually have one extra now since it did not take both to get the job done
 Less than 2 months its pulling off the phone.
 these are really nice and easy to apply. i applied one and i tend to drop my phone a lot. after a few months i noticed some hairline cracks in the shield and was a bit nervous my screen underneath would be cracked as well, but once i removed it my screen looked just like it did when i first unboxed my phone! definitely recommend these to keep your screen safe :-)
 I purchased this item for my iPhone 7, and yes, I paid for it myself in full. I got confused reading contradictory comments here, so hopefully this might help address similar confusions you might have--<br/><br/>Q. Does this fit an iPhone 7?<br/>A. Yes, but it does not cover from edge to edge. Claims of the screen protector covering less than half of the screen are an exaggeration though. It covers majority of the screen surface. The exposed part of the screen is quite negligible in my opinion, but this could be because my iPhone case slightly covers the curved edges of the screen. Some reviewers commented that the glass covered the front camera. Mine has an opening that's aligned to the front camera.<br/><br/>Q. Should I get this screen protector?<br/>A. If having every mm of the screen fully covered is crucial, the obvious answer is no. You should look into edge to edge screen protectors. The edge to edge screen protector has the standard glass portion and thin film sticker around its perimeter to cover the curved edges. I was torn between whether to get the edge to edge or this standard screen protector. I obviously decided to go with this one, and I'm satisfied with it. I don't have the edge to edge screen protector, so I can't really say whether I would've preferred this protector over the edge to edge one.<br/><br/>Q. Is it easy to install?<br/>A. Yes, and I'm opposite of handy. The instruction suggested going to the restroom and turning on hot water, so that the steam reduces the dust flying around. Too much work, I thought. I ignored it, and it turned out fine. I've noticed the other day I put it on slightly crooked but no air bubbles, so I'll take that as a win.<br/><br/>Q. What's your overall experience with this product?<br/>A. I would say it's been largely positive though I would like to add that one of the screen protectors arrived cracked. I contacted the seller, and the seller responded immediately and sent out a replacement right away. I'm happy with the product and the customer service. I would give this product a 4.5 overall, but since it's Friday and I'm in a good mood, I'm rounding it to 5.
 Perfect. So easy to install without smudges or air bubbles. Brings 2 in a box which is great. Had it for about a week, no scratches yet unlike my previous one.
 Within days of applying, I dropped my phone on concrete and my screen protector took the hit, and saved my screen!<br/>APPLICATION -<br/>The application was the easiest I've ever encountered! I was able to place it on my screen with ZERO air bubbles.<br/>SHIPPING -<br/>Very fast<br/>I will buy again!
 I still have. Bubble. I didn't get it on just right but I do like it and glad to have protection for my phone.
 For the price, you cannot go wrong with this purchase. I have had ones put on at my cellular carrier and have paid $30+ for the exact same product. Not only that, but the other upside is, this one comes with two! It was very easy to put on, and directions were crystal clear. If I ever need more for the phones in my household (or if a family member does) I will be purchasing this one again.
 I don't chance a broken screen. I pay a few bucks for these protectors and let them take the hits. Product as expected.
 Much better quality than I expected for the price.  Very satisfied
 For the price that I paid for 2 screens, I couldn’t believe how durable the quality is. Very good product for a very cheap price. Seemed too good to be true until I’ve had it for a couple of months and it definitely helped protect my phone from all those falls.
 Glass protector is thick but phone is still responsive to touch. Has the feel that it will protect the glass. It's also very easy to put on. Had a couple of bubbles but they disappeared later, also has good instructions. Very good product, would buy again.
 Got this for iPhone 6 and 6 s. Doesn't cover the whole screen. They say there is space on the side for phone cases but still could have made the screen cover tad more bigger.
 The protection is amazing, way better than I thought. I went to a music festival and my phone was knocked out of my hand. After it landed on the ground it was stepped on multiple times before someone noticed it. When I got the phone back the phone was in perfect condition and I was so happy I bought the screen protection. Best purchase I've made in a long time.
 I have the 7 but it’s almost to small still a great reliable product I use this brand for my Nintendo switch
 Best Screen Protector I have used. Installs easily and gives great protection! I have dropped my phone numerous times and it has worked great.
 Tabs are genius! Made putting the glass on a breeze with perfect alignment. This is the best screen protector I have used/installed! Buying another set to keep onhand right now!
 I've been through quite a few of these protectors. This is the first one that laid down perfectly, no bubbles and the edges aren't lifting at all. Looks perfect. Impressive.
 Less than a week after putting this on my iPhone has nothing less than a catastrophic screen crack (the entire screen terribly spidered). I had the previous tempered glass cover for 2 plus years with no issue. After I spend the outrageous amount to fix this screen I will pay more for the product with a guarantee.
 It's almost like the edges go out too far... a 2mm ring around the outside of the glass protector doesn't stick properly. As a result it doesn't look very good when my screen is turned off.
 Awesome screen protector for iphone.<br/>This is the first screen protector i have been able to install easily with no bubbles. Comes with cleaning kit and clear instruction on how to get it on your phone with no issues.  Highly recommended
 Love this. Have them now in everyone’s phone. My favorite is the smudge proof. Felt like I got a new phone!  Have had this since December &amp; it must be scratch resistant because I have not one scratch.
 Much less costly then purchasing this product at a mobile phone store. Good quality and easy installation.<br/>I am very happy with this purchase.
 I ordered the same screen protector a while ago for my daughter's 6s, and she dropped her phone the other day and cracked the protector but not the phone screen. So this shows the protector did work! I ordered again to replace the cracked protector.
 Great product! Fast shipping too:-)
 Item was exactly like described great quality for the price. Love that it comes with everything you need to apply that will help with a flawless application.
 Great
 This is the second phone I have used this product on. When placing on the iPhone 7 make sure the glas is aligned perfectly due to the curved edge.<br/>This product offers perfect protection for you phone screen.
 This product is exactly what I was looking for, well worth it. It doesn't cover the outer edges of the phone so with my phone case it still shows the bare phone a bit, but it still was so easy to put on, I didn't have to take any air bubbles out it's like it suctioned itself to the phone. Make sure you use the wipe and stickers to take off any dirt you see on the phone of course. It all says it in the instructions included, it came with 2 screen protectors as it said too.
 I highly recommend this screen protector. It's not noticeable on the phone and the price is good. I wasn't too careful when I installed it since I was in a hurry at the time. As a result, I had a bubble at first. It was easily fixed though with the flattening tool that is provided. The included cleaners also helped with installation.
 NOT WIDE ENOUGH TO FIT THE FULL FRONT OF MY IPHONE, THEREFORE THERE IS PART OF THE SCREEN NOT PROTECTED.
 These are great! Easy to apply and provide great protection.
 Easy to install and looks great!  So far, seems durable.
 Was exactly what I expected.
 I love how easy these are to put on. You can put them on in 2 minutes and they don't bubble. They do crack fairly easy though so be prepared to put on a new on every 2 months or so. They do protect the phone screen though, no breaks or scratches.
 Great quality and easy to install
 Perfect
 There were 2 circles on the protector, however it doesn't interfere with anything. Other than that it is a good product &amp; I will buy it again for new phones.
 I very rarely will leave a review for a product. However, this screen protector completely deserves it. This is the first protector I've found that actually bonds well at the edges of the protector to avoid the air gaps where the glass on the iPhone bends. I've paid more for other screen protectors that only came with one. This is such an easy buy for further electronics.
 Easy to apply and so far so good on protection. I'd repurchase.
 I've had the screen protector on my iPhone 8 for about a week so far.  The installation was easy super easy.  You just have to follow the directions.  I haven't seen any peeling along the edges.  Because it's glass, it feels very smooth when you swipe.  The phone is just as responsive as it was without the protector.
 Very happy with product so far.  I used the hinge method to install on two iPhone 8 phones and had no problems with installation and am happy with the fit.  I have only had the TechMatte Glass Screen Protector on our phones for a couple of weeks now so will update my review later if my review changes from five stars.
 Does not stick perfectly to iPhone 7 ( Edges all around does not stick to your screen) seems like is ready to come off on its own anytime soon.
 Perfect! I have been using for a week and very pleased with the quality!
 Great screen protector.
 I guess it's fine. Bought it for granddaughter.
 I would say that this screen protector was junk for my iPhone. I been follow instructions but both time I got air bubble on my phone as well screen protector wasn’t good quality. It’s was some damages on side of screen protector like little cracks.
 Served it's purpose. Was easy to apply.  Still trying to figure out why there is an air bubble but oh well. Delivered as promised.  Will order again if need be.
 Simple, easy instructions - no bubbles, no fingerprints, no dust. Highly recommend.
 Can't go wrong with this! take your time to install to eliminate any bubbles, but i highly recommend the product.
 Great product and very easy to apply. Picture is super clear.
 It doesn’t stay on well at all. Mine kept moving around and I took it off after like a day.
 These iPhone glass protectors are great for their price. I order a few at a time and replace them when I need to. Never had an issue with my glass getting scratched or cracked because the protector absorbs the cracks. Then simply pull off and replace when needed.
 This product is great and for a low price. It comes in a pack with two and comes with easy instructions. I love that extra application tabs that a lot of other screen covers not have! Lets you put it on with not chance of leaving fingers prints!
 The product is as advertised
 Love, love, love!! I would definitely buy again!
 No review needed. Very reliable screen protector, saved my phone countless times. Comes with directions and a kit to apply, which makes it very easy to follow step by step.
 Absolutely love this! I've had one for almost a year. Kids hit the phone on the table and the product broke, all the while completely protecting my screen. Now I just take out my second screen (hurray for the 2-pack) and make the switch. Great product! Couldn't be happier! Would definitely buy again!
 Went on easy with no issues. Luckily haven’t cracked anything yet.
 love it, very nice, am very careful with my electronics and always try to protect the screen. this was perfect for my iPhone 6s
 After finally upgrading my outdated iPhone 5 to the 6s, these covers were perfect for helping to protect my investment! Easy to apply and very durable. I will definitely buy these and from this Seller again.
 Purchased these for my twin boys phones. Was weary about the durability. However one of them recently dropped his and the screen was shattered, we were afraid to remove the screen protector, for fear that the phone screen would also be shattered. The phone screen was perfectly in tact!! Love the product and the protection it provides, I will not hesitate to order this again.
 Great screen protector!
 Price was reasonable. As with all phone protectors you have to take your time to apply slowly so tou do not get any air bubbles but this is no different than any other product application. Shipped on time. I Feel better that it is glass and not plastic. Have used this compnay before and had no issues. Definately would buy again.
 Fantastic product!! No bubbles for once! And you cannot even tell there's a glass protector on it! 10 stars!
 Fits great on my iPhone 7 but it fell off bed onto carpet and too cracked all the way across
 We've ordered 4 packs and although there was difficulty with the first one the other two went seamlessly. You can't even tell it is there, the first had so many bubbles. And it works too!  That's the reason we've ordered more. My daughter dropped her phone and the protector shattered but nothing happened to her phone screen.
 easy to use, good instructions, and good fit. Good value for the price.
 This was probably one of the easiest screen protectors I have ever applied. It seems incredibly well made, it feels solid and firm, like it will do a really good job protecting the screen. Everything is still very responsive to my touch on the screen.
 Installation was a snap and it is as clear as advertised.  Will totally purchase again
 These are great screen protectors! Easy to put on too.
 One of the worst things about phones are adding the protector screens.  This one was easy to install!  The packaging was more than adequate and included instructions that were well written and easy to follow and had all of the “tools” like the cleaning cloth and card to smooth the bubbles to make the installation simple.  I’d recommend this one!
 Too small; can’t remove the bubbles on the edge
 Doesn’t fit iPhone 8 nor 7
 Works great. Did follow application directions and still wound up with a little dust under the cover-not terrible. Good thing it comes with 2 in the package.<br/><br/>Follow up: About a one week after placing the screen protector on my phone... it broke near the home button. It still functions as protecting the majority of my phone, but I was disappointed that it broke so quickly. Not sure it is the highest quality product.
 Applied such film on over a dozen devices. While applying this one, 2nd sheet of protective plastic simply fell off without assistance. Both ended up a mess. Immediate return.
 I got this protector for my sons phone. The second time he dropped the phone the screen protector cracked.
 Works Great
 Application was a bit confusing.  I did not realize that the screen protector came with protective film on both sides.  Loved the wet and dry cleaning cloths that were included in the package.
 Great protection
 Best ever protector I've ever bought. Never had one like this before and I'll always use this kind from now on! It pays to read reviews.
 The screen protector it's very fragile and not very durable. If you are looking for one that will last a while this is not the one . I do take very good care of my phone. If I do drop it it's from waist height on carpet. And I keep it in my pocket most of the time. If a little chip occurs on the screen protector it seems everyday it gets worse and worse. And you find yourself changing it because it looks terrible. The bright side is that the phone does get protected . To sum up, I would recommend a different brand for long term use.
 Good product
 This is the second time I order this product and its because I got a new phone and it needed a protector. i loved the first one I got because It still does not have a scratch, its easy to clean, and it has not opaque like most of the screen protectors. Will continue ordering this product for all my devices
 Beware.  Due to the curved edges of the iPhone 6/6s, the edges of the amFilm protective glass do not tightly adhere to the iPhone glass.  This is a big disappointment.  For this reason I would not buy it. There is no doubt the gap beneath the edges will accumulate dust and dirt especially given its adhesive quality.  I do not have this issue with my wife's iPhone 6s+ for which I bought a Spigen protector.  It's an unfortunate design issue thanks to Apple, but this protector misses the mark
 Easy to install and it comes with instructions to install
 We have only used this for a few days but the quality feels better than other brands I've purchased. Much more solid<br/>Also the size &amp; application was MUCH easier than other brands. The application was made easier with the tabs on the screen. It was easier to life up &amp; straiten
 Goes on easy and protects very well. Saved iPhone screens multiple times to date.
 Great price easy to install.
 had to return due to purchasing wrong size.  Wasn't well marked and needed an s.  Screen too small
 I am very satisfied<br/><br/>I previously bought another brand and within a month it cracked. My friend recommended this brand and I have not had any issues especially since I have a bad habit of throwing my phone in my purse. I am very satisfied with this product and would highly recommend to others looking for a good quality screen protector.
 I put the glass on last night and noticed it was cracked today. My phone was in my purse. I pulled it out and there was a tiny chip on the left side of the glass and the crack went up to the right and all the way down from upper left to lower right. Did not even last 24 hours.
 I'm really good at applying screen protectors and tempered glass is pretty much idiot proof but alas, it took me two tries. Completely my own fault I'm sure. 😁
 No matter what, the edges kept bubbling. I understand the reasoning behind making the protector slightly smaller than the screen, but this is exactly the problem. Dirt, moisture and gunk manage to creep in around the edges and I’m not sure there’s anything we can do about it :(
 Great quality!  Very durable.
 I have used these screen protectors before.  They work great.
 Although we have only had it for a week, the screen protectors seem to be as nice as the most expensive brand.  It is a little early to tell whether or not it will fade or yellow.  I will post a review in about 6 months.<br/>The packaging was perfect (not too much)  it came with phone cleaning supplies to include wet and dry wipes it also came with a cloth and lint removal tools.  Very Nice!
 One of the easiest screen protectors I ever installed.  Small tabs on the plastic film protecting the glass prior to install make placing/centering the screen a breeze.  Wet and dry pre-cleaning wipes are also great.
 They work great and look great as well.
 great item- my son had no problem with application
 Easy to install - make sure you get it perfectly aligned - impossible to correct once its stuck on the glass.
 We used both alcohol wipes to clean my iPhone 6s screen, and had little trouble attaching this, WITH my Speck hard case still on. We do not have ANY trouble with touch control. There are NO bubbles at all. So far, all is excellent!
 Works great and I have ordered this a few times now due to easy installation and tools.  It has saved me $300 so far on glass repairs for my childrens iPhone 6.
 Works great! I've dropped my phone many times and zero cracks appear on the screen. It has saved my phone many times. I buy these for gifts.
 It went on easily. Looks excellent. I highly recommend this product. The extra screen protector is a bonus. The product came on time and arrived as advertised.
 We have 4 iPhones and this is the first time we have used the TechMatte protector.  Very happy received the order timely and the screens were extremely easy to install leaving no bubbles.  We have tested them .  My daughter dropped hers an crushed the screen (we thought) however when we pulled the screen saver off her phone there was not a crack in her phone screen.  Will be buying these in the future.
 Easy to install on my new phone.
 Glass went on smooth with ease. I had a plastic protector on prior and that thing looked like it had gone through a sandstorm. This one is going on a month with the same use, and not a scratch on it. It really is a quality screen protector.
 Probably the easiest screen protector I've ever put on. Just look the # of ratings this one has. That should give you a hint to buy!
 It’s was a great deal, good cover and price. Thank you Amazon’s team!!!!
 This screen protector is heavy duty, looks great, and feels great when using your Apple device.  Awesome product!
 Ok
 Can't get the last 10% to stick down.
 Great product, great packaging, good instructions, fast shipping, and a follow-up email asking if I was satisfied with the product.  I highly recommend this company for your screen protector needs!
 I love these screen protectors. My daughter has broke her screen about 6 times. Our whole family has these on our phones and only the protector has been cracked. We change the protector and good again. I keep 4 at a time in my house. Would recommend these to everyone and I tell everyone to order them.
 Arrived on time, great price for 2 screen protectors, easy to put on and I don't have worry about dropping my phone anymore.
 Arrived quickly very good product.  Would highly recommend this item.  Works perfectly with the iPhone 7 and the juice pack batter pack I purchased to go along with the phone
 Much more resistant to cracking than other tempered glass screen protectors! Love that it comes in a 2-pack.
 Wasted money.  I was looking for a glass screen to keep my phone safe from scratches.  My biggest concern was the infamous bubbles that pop up under the screen.  After following the instructions to the letter there were three bubble underneath that would not push away.  I tried a second time to only have the same issue pop up.
 I have used this screen protector for a couple weeks now. I have dropped it on my ceramic tile floor, concrete, and have had kids use my phone and drop it face down. I'm using this along with the Spigen iphone 6s Case, so that may factor into the durability of my phone. I have yet to crack the glass protector.
 Works, great price.
 really good protection
 Very simple to put on and fits the phone great. They include a lot of accessories to make sure the screen is clean before you apply the new screen.
 item is as described online
 Great product so far i love how it comes in a nice case with instruction booklet, wipes and a card to smooth the surface... oo and the position of the tabs to center the screen protector are in the center a perfect spot so finger prints dont geton in and you can truely center the glads ( always had difficulty with that) bought this one for mu husband after i like mine
 Put it on right followed instructions and it was nice for the first day it fell not even 2 feet onto hard wood floor and got 2 nice cracks in it then I had it in my back pocket and it fell out when I sat And cracked yet again.
 Installs with awesome results. Take the time install in humid environment to control dust as recommended. Screen is really clear and feels normal and doesn’t have the sticky touch. Would definitely recommend considering the cost, warranty, quality, and quantity.
 Arrived on time. Was easy to put on.
 Great product that comes exactly as described.  I even received an email with directions in addition to what was already in the package. Wonderful customer service!
 went on easily and works well.  Came quickly.  Great sale!
 Came as provided on details Perfect fit
 So far, so good (installed for 1 week), I liked that  everything needed for installation came  in the box. Maybe an installation error, but I have some air pockets in the very edges of the screen.
 This is perfect for people who drop their phones all the time like me. It does it’s job. The quality is 5/5. Durability 5/5. If you are a clumsy person get this product.
 The quality is great for price. Sticks on perfectly and if you need to adjust it, the adhesive still works great. Still have a second screen still that I haven’t used. I do plan to buy from this company again for my new phone.
 Easy to apply and offers great protection.  I have three teenage boys and these covers are the only reason that any of them still have their screens intact.
 Nice product
 Totally happy with this screen protector...easy to attach too.
 Great price for these screen protectors holds up as well as the higher priced ones!
 Works great. The glass is a little different to get used to over the old film style protectors, but feels more durable. Definitely get it lined up properly over your home button or you will rub your finger.
 I've ordered this twice now. Excellent product!! I drop my phone way more than I'd like to admit and these have kept my screen safe every time. Easy to apply!
 Great product-they make it so easy to apply with the tabs.I will definitely recommend to my friends.
 I got it today, it was in great condition, fit well as expected (I have an iPhone 6S)<br/><br/>The only problem was the hideous dust particles I just couldn't get rid off.<br/><br/>It is very resistant, I placed it and remove it like 3 times trying to get ride the tiny dust evils particles and the protector didn't get damaged nor the glue.<br/><br/>I think it was a bad technic I used therefor I ended with some dust
 Great quality.  Easy to place on!
 👍
 Works as described. I used to use Zagg all the time, but this stuff works just as good. Easy application as long as you follow the directions. Does not affect the screen performance or clarity.
 These screen protectors arrived promptly and in appropriate packaging.  Instructions were clear and easy to follow and the seller provided all necessary accessories to install.  Installation was quick and easy, and I had no problem with air bubbles.  Time will tell in terms of protection!
 Very easy to install and great screen protector.
 Glass was easy to apply after following directions. The phone screen does not lose any of its functionality or feel after adding the glass. I like that it comes with two in case you mess up applying one of them.
 Perfectly adequate as the only protection I need for my iPhone. It has cracked but the phone beneath has not.
 Good
 hard to place and not get bubbles. It needs better directions, but I looked online for instructions on how to apply it. No matter what I did though there was no way to get all the bubbles out.
 I've used multiple different screen protectors and this one has been by far the best! With a wipes and dry wipe included and tabs to hold both sides of the screen protector while positioning it- so you don't place it crooked. I got it easily on the first time with no bubbles/ dust specks!!
 Really easy to apply, loved that they sent me a video to make sure I installed it properly. Super product!
 So happy with this purchase! I was afraid it wouldn't be very clear after reading some reviews, but this is crystal clear! Great instructions and all the materials you need to get it on neatly. Just as high quality as the one I bought at Verizon and paid $20+ for!
 So far, so good.  Have this for about  a week now.  Install was not difficult on my IPhone 7.  Does not cover the entire phone but don't see this as a problem.  No issue with bubbles as yet and based on what I see, don't expect any.  Actually looks good.
 Comes with a whole application kit to ensure a bubble-less finish. Have not had the first one crack yet.
 Great product. Easy to apply on my phone. Smooths out great without any bubbles. Doesn't interfere with the screen at all and is smooth to the touch. Really happy with it.
 Very good screen protector! I was able to use tempered glass before for older iPhone and bought again for my iPhone 7 because it lasts longer and really protects the screen.
 For the first time with any of my phones, this protector is the only one I was able to apply the first time, with no bubbles or dust creeping in underneath. It fit exactly like it needed to and is much sturdier than what I have used in the past. I am happy with it...
 works great...seems a bit more "brittle" than the protector I originally purchased from Verizon, but it's significantly less expensive.<br/><br/>I would definitely buy again.
 Good clear screen easier to install then you might think but I still messed up the first time. Comes with two screens so if you mess up the first time like I did, you get a seconded chance. No air bubbles after letting it sit for a bit and I’m usually horrible with applying these types of things. I have an iPhone 8.
 Been using it for 6 months now and I have no problems. No bubbles, easy application. Exactly what I want from a glass protector.
 I like the screen protector, at first it had bubbles but with use they went away. I will be ordering more due to my son using them, but one he dirtied by not knowing what side is sticky, and the other he put on his phone a bit much to the left.
 Nice Protector at a great price
 Genius design. I have applied many screen protectors and this is the first I've seen with handles on the edges so your fingerprints do not get on the edges. Easy and precise application. Great product so far.
 These screen protector kits are the BEST on the market! Never get ripped off for the $35 glass protector in the mall again. This kit has all the materials and instructions to apply the glass protector flawlessly and is very reasonably priced at $3.50 per screen. These screens have saved us hundreds of dollars in cracked glass repairs. Thanks, guys! Keep up the good work. :-)
 This product comes with 2 screens. That way, if you make a mistake while installing the first screen like I did, you don't get mad, you just throw that one away and start over. Obviously, having the experience to apply the screen protector the first time is always a good idea. What you should know is that dust is your enemy. If you could work in a pure clean room, that would be the best bet. Otherwise, the directions say to turn on the hot water and steam up a washroom so the dust doesn't float around as much. The good news is that the product comes with holding tabs so you don't touch the glass at all during the careful work. The cutouts also help line everything up before dropping the glass into place. Once done, the squeezing out of tiny bubbles isn't that effective so doing it right the first time is essential. Good luck!
 I have gone through a few of these protectors. They work really well and even though I have cracked a few of the protectors themselves, my phone still looks brand new underneath. They stand by their warranty and replacement guarantee (i had a replacement set delivered with no problem).
 Installed on new iphone 6S.  Fits perfect.  Have installed many protectors in the past and this ranks as one of the easiest.  Comes with all of the essentials.  The nicest feature is that there are two plastic tabs that are provided for you to use when placing the protector on the screen.  I had never seen these before and it it came in very handy.  Very pleased and will likely purchase again.
 This has to be the best Screen Protector I have yet to purchase. I have had three other different brands thus far and non of them have been of the quality as that of TechMate.<br/>Super Product and will order from TechMate
 I have a iPhone 6s and this screen protector fit perfect! It covers the whole screen and went on easy. Just by laying it on the screen there were no bubbles! Also I enjoyed how it came with two just in case you completely mess up the first one :) thanks for the product! I would definitely recommend this to anyone.<br/><br/>PS there are step by step directions for easy application.
 I just got it but it was so easy to put on and looks nice. Plus it wasn’t expensive and they have warranty with it too!!! And TWO came in the box in case I messed up the first one!!
 The glass protector came on time and got 2 as promised. The packet that they came in included a whole bunch of things (see picture). Followed the instruction and got the screen protector on without any bubbles on the first try! I didn't really use the bubble pusher thing they gave - it's kind of flimsy and using a credit card/library card is better. The protector doesn't scratch and all the iphone touch functions work as they are supposed to so it's pretty good.<br/><br/>But I am still not giving it a 5 star because the protector doesn't actually cover the whole black screen. If I try to line the protector to the left, there is a very noticeable part on the right exposed - vice versa. I just centered the protector so I get a very small amount of uncovered screen portion on both sides (probably less than 1mm on each side, but it's still noticeable). It's not ideal and the makers should probably adjust the production settings or remeasure their design... but I'll live with it. I need a screen protector since i'm not the most gentle iPhone user. But I can definitely see some more sensitive eyes becoming really annoyed at this gap.
 Good stuff
 Had thus a little over a week. The kit has everything you need. The protector is a hard plastic but does not inhibit use of my iPhone 8.
 I love this product! I dropped it today face down on cement. I was sooo scared to flip it over. My screen was cracked but I didn’t know if my actual screen cracked. Peeled it off and not one scratch on my phone. Just applied my second protector that comes with it. I love it and very affordable.
 I ordered the box of two, one for me and one for my SO. One corner of mine did not stick so I removed it. i was initially sent and email to make sure eveything came and worked ok, when I let them know one corner didn't stick and immediately I was offered a replacement. I said I would have to buy a new one and they just offered to replace it! Very friendly emails and the replacement came in just 2 days! The replacement went on great and everything is crisp and clear, and I feel good knowing I have the extra protection!
 Love this screen protector! Really easy to put on &amp; has a hole for the front camera, which my last screen protector didn't have and made the camera foggy. Will be buying this again in the future!!
 Easy to install and comes with everything you need, quality protection, a must have for any new phones.
 These work great and have saved my phone screen on multiple occasions.  Priced really well and fit perfectly.
 This protector works great!  Pretty easy to put on (definitely follow their tips for the application) and has held up after I've already dropped the phone a couple times.
 Sturdy material. Lasts a long time. Less expensive than the ones I bought from AT&amp;T.
 Excellent service. They really care about their product! It arrived early. It was easy to apply to my iPhone and we'll  made. Worth the money.
 These screen protectors are exactly as described and fit my iPhone 8 perfectly.  The little handles/tabs make application super simple.
 Just received today and it was easy to follow the instructions. No problems with air pockets and sticks nicely.. time will tell if it’s a good quality..
 Packaging was nice, screens are crystal clear. Came with alcohol wipes which was a nice touch. We'll see how they hold up, but seem very nice so far.
 I have experienced a lot of screen protector products from different branch, but this screen protector is incredibly easy to apply (with video online ,and instructions in the packet, and enough tools for you to clean the screen and remove dust). Amazing quality and reasonable price, I will definitely buy this again.
 Product as described- very satisfied
 Comes with all you need to apply the screen protector.  The frame is nice to get it aligned correctly.  Have 2 more in case something happens to the first one also.
 Good product, does what it says.
 We've used this product before and love it when we had older iPhones. Great price point and the glass is perfect, but with the new iPhone and the round edges it doesn't lay flat enough. My husband is going to try and deal with it but he doesn't like the bubble along the edge.
 For someone who is constantly dropping their iPhone, this works amazingly well. It says broad as day on the packet that it won't cover the entire screen and it was MADE that way. Just position it properly when installing it and with a shock absorbing case it will work great. When you drop your phone on a hard surface the screen will crack at the most impacted point. You don't have to replace the screen after one crack for it to still work properly but I would reccommend it once it has a big one and a few small cracks. The packet comes with two screen protectors and they usually last me 3 months or so. Like I said, my phone hits the ground A LOT.<br/><br/>Great product - much cheaper to buy here than in the store as well.
 Glass cracked within four weeks on placing on phone
 I got the product today and installed it on my IPHONE 7. I am pretty satisfied because when i checked the prices for it in KIOSK of nearby malls and they were charging 15-20 $ for one glass protection cover and this product is far cheaper.
 I've had this battery pack for 6 months and it's still working perfectly with daily use. It can fully charge my iPhone 6s from 2 to 3 times.<br/>It's slim design is really convenient as you can easily slide it in the same pocket as your phone.<br/>The blue version is dark electric blue.<br/>I'm a happy customer!
 I have pretty much just one qualification for this product - that it covers my whole screen. It is actually too thing to cover the whole screen which is incredibily frustrating. I have an iphone 6..... I ordered the correct product, for iphone 6....this is absolutely not going to work!
 This screen protector has a beautiful fit on my iPhone 8. It was super easy to apply, and came with a ton of dust removal stickers and a microfiber screen cloth! Really fantastic.
 I wrote them and ask them how do would just the crooked seal and they never wrote back awful product
 Ok
 Did not infect protect my screen. I had this before and I thought that the cracks were on the screen protector.  The screen itself now is cracked and the screen protector isn’t all that damaged.
 Much cheaper alternative to what AT&amp;T tried to sell us.  Got 2 for the price of their one
 It’s perfect. Easy to apply and you get two.
 This is our go-to brand for glass screen protectors. Every device in our house has one. They adhere well and go on easily without air bubbles. Satisfied repeat customers.
 Perfect fit exactly what was advertised and I like that it does come with two screen protectors. Two thumbs up! 👍👍
 I have been using this for over a year on my iPhone 8 with zero issues.  Operates really well, fits the screen properly and goes on easy.  Great customer service as well.  Get one.
 This is THE best screen protector EVER! It has protected my phone's screen from shattering countless times. I loved it so much I ordered another one as back up because I'm pretty clumsy and knew I'd need it. Their customer service is also top notch! Will definitely keep buying from these guys!
 This glass screen protector is amazing. It works just as good as the other ones if not better. I highly recommend these screens. They offer money back guarantee if it does not satisfy your needs.
 Easy to apply.  Like that it’s a 2 pack.
 Great product. Second or third time purchasing. Accidentally ordered a different brand I was not happy. I went back to my purchase history to find this brand that I knew I really liked.  Bought it for our four iPhone 6S and my iPhone X
 As long as you follow the instructions it installs just fine.  My only complaint is that the right side of the protector is just a little too short.  There is a small gap between the protector and my phone case and it's only on the right side.  It just bothers my need for eveness.  Otherwise it looks good.  I am using this on an iPhone 6S.
 I received my TechMatte screen protectors and was delighted at the quality. I have purchased more expensive screen protectors in years past but found this product to be of comprible quality for a very reasonable price. Plus, you get two in a package! I will buy again...if needed.
 Great product. Perfect fit and adhesion. I feel my screen is really protected!
 Love
 I had bought this previously without issue. This time the screen cover was cut different and doesn’t fit the size listed. Be careful as they haven’t updated the product information after updating the produce. Waste of time.
 One of the best screen protectors I have purchase, installation was easy, and will buy again.
 I love the tempered glass screen protectors, mainly because they're so easy to put on. I have noticed that these are easy to crack, but at least it's not my iphone screen?
 Good to buy
 It's a great kit. The screen protectors have handles and two clothes, one for each screen protector. Worth it! It's my second time ordering this product. It stays on very well and protects from scratches. I traded in my phone without a scratch.
 Easy to install and easy to clean. Great value too!
 The phone fell from my lap and the screen protector broke down immediately. It looks good though. I ordered it again (two by mistake) and it doesn't make sense to return one, because it's $6 shipping it back.
 The quality is very good. This is already my second time ordering. So obviously they do crack. But the screen is saved each time. And it does look pretty good so I ordered again.
 Great instructions and the tabs really help to align the screen protector before applying.  Just installed so I cannot comment on durability.
 This is a quality case for iPhone 8. Smooth, doesn't smudge, protects the screen very well.
 Arrived on time works as promised . Great product.
 One of the screens was cracked upon opening.
 I’ve purchased these protectors countless times. I have never, ever cracked my actual phone with these screen protectors on. Recently, I dropped my phone and stepped on it and the LCD screen broke... but not the glass. The techs at Apple were in shock the glass wasn’t broken. Best screen protectors ever!!
 Very easy to apply if you read the directions and use the equipment provided. Great screen protection
 Out of all the screen protectors I've purchased, this one is definitely the best. After a year, my screen still hasn't shattered or cracked at all. Even the screen protector is still in great condition (no chips, cracks,etc). I highly recommend these!!
 LOVE THESE THINGS!!! It saved my phone so so many times...the protector cracked but my screen did not have s scratch!
 Dropped my phone 3 feet and my entire iPhone 6 screen is cracked. Phone is not usable.<br/>I would not recommend this product... unless you want to spend $129 replacing your screen.
 ok
 The protector is very easy to put on with those tabs on either end.  I am amazed on how quickly it sticks to the phone.  Your product is my choice from now on.  Keep making an amazing product to protect my phone.
 Application is relatively easy if you follow the directions and make sure there's no dust.  Works pretty well... I drop my phone literally all the time and it took a while and one real good drop on cement to cause it to even crack.  For the price, you can't beat it, plus it comes with two, which is great.  For the price especially, its a great buy.
 I purchased this item for my daughter's iPhone 7. It fits perfectly and you can see her phone screen very clearly. The price was great and it does its job so Im very pleased with this purchase.
 This is the best screen protector I have ever bought for an iPhone! It was very easy to install, and you cannot even tell it is there because there are no bubbles underneath it like with other protectors. I dropped my iPhone on the pavement, and although the protector cracked the actual iPhone screen did not. I am glad I can just buy a new protector for less than $10 instead of a new screen for $200.
 Has cracks but kept the screen safe
 Excellent. Exactly what I wanted. Matches seller description perfectly. Would recommend as a high end, affordable screen protector!
 Easy to put on and it does a good job.
 The glass works great.  You actually get 2, as well as glass cleaners for preapplication prep, not all give he complete package. I had a problem with one, but they corrected it immediately. What a great company and product.
 works well with my new cae
 Exactly as expected
 I put it on my new iPhone 7 and (keep reading) couldn't get the bubbles out so I showed it to my granddaughter. First of all, she discovered that I never even saw that it was on the wrong side. So she peeled the protector off and gently placed it on the correct way. Then we followed the directions ( a new experience for me) and touched it in the center and miraculously the bond spread out perfectly with no bubbles!
 This screen protector came early and had such an easy installation. Not to mention, the company reached out to me with instructions and just to  make sure I was 100% satisfied. It also comes with a lifetime warranty , I truly see no reason not to buy this screen protector.
 Screen cracked on my phone only cover that has done this
 10/10 would bang
 My phone fell off my bike and I ran over it with my back tire.<br/>This is what it looks like,<br/>I thought the phone screen busted up<br/> Took It home and peeled the screen protector<br/>Off and no damage to the phone screen
 Haven't had any massive phone drop yet, but this seems just as sturdy as the one I spent $30 on at Verizon. Super easy to put on screen with getting any bubbles.
 Great glass cover! Will def buy again when needed
 Love it! it doesn't feel like I have anything on my phone and it doesn't get grimey and gross, and I have kids! Will buy again for my husband.
 great!
 I had the screen saver installed when I purchased my new iPhone 6s,one year later (today) I dropped my phone on concrete,it only cracked the screen saver not my screen on the iPhone ,so happy 😁,clarity is great this is one of the best products that I bought for my phone,  now I'm going to install my second one that came in the pack and order another pack just in case I have another incident
 Worked great for me, followed instructions and done in a few minutes, would buy from this Manufacturer again.
 Super easy to put on. Clear a a bell with no bubbles. Great buy and value.
 Not good it got dust and smudging under the screen so the screen was useless then so I tried the other screen and same stuff bad screen protector bye some thing else
 Going on my fifth month of using this product and I haven't found a scratch or any cracks yet. Surprisingly it doesn't build up dirt on the edges other than in the front camera hole which could be easily cleaned with a q-tip. Love this product and love that it comes with two!
 best screen protector in the market, this is my 2nd set i purchased and it has saved my phone a lot of times easy instructions and extra easy to install
 Works as advertised. Put the screen on no problem. No bubbles or spots. Haven't dropped it yet so don't know about actual protection.
 I have used a few different brands of these. So far I am very impressed with this one. Having the tab to hold on top and bottom made putting this on very easy. No bubbles and a perfect fit for the screen.
 Thought I ordered a 7 plus glass and when I got it and it was too small I was a bit upset, but now realize it’s 100% my bad. The kit is great and comes with cleaning supplies and easy instructions! Would’ve loved this if I ordered it right. For sure will be ordering it in the correct size.
 has kept our phones safe. Very pleased with this purchase.
 Product arrived timely, and was just as advertised.  Easy to install and screen details are clear
 Easy to apply, no bubbles, has a good touch "feel", and a good fit. I would have liked a little more of an edge to fit but that is nit picking. It does is job.
 DON'T PURCHASE THIS. I ordered this thinking that like other tempered glass screen protectors I have had, the screen protector would crack if it dropped instead of my actual phone screen. I dropped my phone today and the entire screen cracked, but the "screen protector" is not cracked at all. So, saving a few extra dollars by getting this screen protector has resulted in costing me over one hundred for phone repairs. Don't waste your money on this!
 This is the best screen protector that I have ever used. All of the others that I've applied had bubbles in the end product. It also feels thicker than most I have tried, and is crystal clear.  I followed the instructions and the helpful hints by applying this in a bathroom after running a hot shower for two or three minutes, which will settle most floating dust particles that can cause bubbles. Also, the instructions say to wash your hands first, which is a great idea. This will remove any dust or oils from your hands. I also used a damp washcloth to wet my hair, in case I had some dust or dandruff that might come off of me while applying this. All of these steps will help prevent bubbles in the finished product. The screen protector has a couple tabs on the outer application layer that you will hold onto as you apply this to your phone. Be careful when applying, so that you align it properly. It is more important that you align the front camera hole and speaker slot opening than the home button, since these openings are much smaller than the home button opening. Overall, its a great product, and worth the extra dollar or two. There are two screen protectors in the box. Update Oct 2017: Keep in mind that this product is some type of glass, and even though it will protect your screen, the screen protector itself can be cracked.
 Received promptly. Have installed them on all 4 ofnmy phone. With all the tools it was very easy to get them on the phones.
 This is a really good brand and it’s all my brother and I use. It leaves zero scratches and even better it doesn’t leave finger prints! Was super easy to apply and it comes with all the materials needed to prevent bubbles
 Ok
 Good product It is a tiny bit smaller than the face of the IPhone 7, however with a case it is not an issue. I like this product and would buy it again.
 I've broken the first two that I bought 8 months ago and my screen underneath is still crack free. Absolutely 100% satisfied. Zero loss of original function. I'll continue to purchase these
 I like it.  Seems to be a quality product that will do exactly what it's intended to do...protect the screen!  Only complaint is that it didn't seal perfectly to the phone.  I carefully followed directions and still ended up with air pockets in a corner.  Frustrating because it's a brand new phone and I'll have to see those air pockets for a while.  Think my screen protector is a bit defective.  Would love another one sent to me.
 Fits great, thicker then most screen protectors so I found it easier to apply and is more durable
 Oh my god this thing has saved my phone so many times. It comes with all the things you need to properly put it (and easily) without bubbles.
 Product fits great and was super easy to apply!!
 Have bought this product a couple times.  Easy to install and works flawlessly !
 For the price it's not bad<br/>Not the best protector but far from the worst with a good case behind it<br/>Plus you get two of them
 Love having this on my iPhone!  I had a minor issue putting it on but I attribute that to my skills rather than the product. Once it was on it is invisible but till protecting my phone.
 Great glass screen protector. It really is crystal clear. It was easy to install and no bubbles at all!
 Love it.... protected my iPhone from my clumsy ways.  Easy to put on and to take off (after dropping and breaking the cover)  The glass of the phone was in great condition.  Thank you for this screen protector
 Exactly what I needed at an incredible price. It was so easy to put on that it was perfect on the first try. Will definitely be purchasing again.
 Easy to put on phone. Love it
 This is the all-time best screen protector I’ve ever used! It came with a wet wipe in a dry wipe, but most importantly it came with tabs at each end of the screen so you didn’t have to try to navigate where to put it down! Best screen protector ever !!
 Amazing! Easy to use! So inexpensive!!! I'm never overpaying for a screen protector again! Highly recommend!
 This screen protector does fit the iPhone 7, but I recommend looking at the pictures in the item description that show how it fits. It definitely leaves margins around the front glass, about 1/16 of an inch with the case that I have (Speck Presidido). Installation was fairly easy, and I was able to get mine aligned and on the screen with no problems. Overall I really like this product.
 Just got the installed! Very nice! The tempered glass has a better feel than the glass on the phone! Very good instructions! And a perfect fit on my 6S! Everything for installation is included! I did mine under a bright light to make sure all the dust on screen was gone before installation!
 I can't even keep count of how many times Ive dropped my phone since I've had this case and no scratches or broken phone yet!! Amazing and super affordable! I love that it's a rubbery material all around because the hard plastic tends to break easily. I'm actually buying 4 more cases for my kids and husbands phone because I'm really happy with this case.
 Hard to put on. I wasted one trying to get it right. But the second one is still on and working well.
 Great screen protector. I’ve gone through 2 in the last 8 months (I drop my phone a lot; especially at the gym)  and my iPhone 8 screen has stayed unbroken. Super easy to install since it comes with everything you need. Definitely will buy again!
 My daughter purchased this on my account. She said it worked fine and she used the video online to show her how to apply. No problems that I am aware
 Very affordable and thorough. Easy to place and has saved my screen on more than one occasion
 The screen protector works as well as or better than the expensive ones sold at Verizon.
 I put this on my iPhone 6 a few months ago and have to say it is by far the best screen protector I have ever used. The glass feels so nice compared to the plastic screen protectors and there is nary a scratch or scuff.
 I am OK with this screen protector, I wish it was a little bit thicker.
 I could not get to the sound on/off switch.  I bought another case to replace it for that reason.  Otherwise the case was fine.
 Delivered quickly and easy to install.
 These screen protectors are way too small to protect an iPhone 7 Plus. Very disappointed.
 This was one of the easiest screen protectors I have ever installed. I like it a lot better than the ‘tape’ method. The phone is still very responsive through the glass.
 I love these screen protectors! It’s the only kind I’ll ever use, they’re cheap but not cheaply made. I have dropped and shattered the temper glass on my phone soo many times and have not messed up my real screen. I don’t know what I’d do without them!! I highly recommend them.
 Works good to protect my screen but already has a 1 inch bubble after 6 weeks of use. It is not noticeable unless you look hard because it is on side of screen. Still doing a good job protecting screen. Other than that I am happy with it.
 This screen protector definitely serves its purpose. I don't have any scratches on my screen and I am very pleased with the functionality. My 3D Touch on my iPhone has not suffered at all.
 Really REALLY good screen protector 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻
 I bought these for my husband's iphone and he loves it.  Excellent follow-up from vendor and great customer service.  Highly recommend#
 I ALWAYS have issues when putting on screen protectors but this one came with super awesome instructions and everything you need to clean and install the screen protector.  I just installed it so I can’t attest to the durability but I have high hopes.
 Fits nicely. I seem to drop my phone a lot, and have not yet seen damage to the screen protector, and certainly not the screen. Install video was very helpful.
 Really like this product! It adds extra protection to your phone!
 These screens came well packaged and with very good directions for application. It looks very nice. No bubbles, very clear, easy to apply. I will update if I ever drop my phone to share what happens.
 Great iPhone screen protector!  Works fabulous!
 Came with so many tools to use before applying the screen. Very good deal!
 I followed the vague directions and put the screen protector on my watch. It was cracked in 2 places by the end of the second day and fell off before I could get home to replace it. I ended up purchasing another screen protector that wraps around the watch.
 Not really happy with this product. I don't think it covers enough of the screen. It could certainly be wider and longer.Looking more closely I believe the screen protector I received may be defective.
 Arrived promptly..fit perfectly. Great price<br/>Please with my purchase
 Great fit! Quality workmanship. Very satisfied with purchase.
 Item as described, would definitely do business again!
 Nice product however I feel like I was cheated from one screen protector (came in pack of 2). One of them had dried up adhesive on the sticky part so I had this huge lump on my screen so had to toss it. At least the other screen wasn't damaged so it half way worked out.
 I have had such a great experience with this Tempered Glass Screen Protector for my iPhone 6S. It works incredibly well and their customer service is wonderful. When I did accidentally drop my phone face down onto cement, the screen protector did it's job and my phone is still in perfect condition. I used the second one out of my 2-pack and contacted customer service to inquire about the Lifetime Warranty. They mailed me out another 2-pack of screen protectors within a week for no charge whatsoever. Amazing value and quality for the price!
 Nice product easy application.
 Great fit and durable
 This is an excellent screen protector and my screen looks brand new. I look forward to seeing how well it holds up. Very easy to install.
 Good purchase
 I am very happy with this product.  I was able to put it on per the instructions with little difficulty.  The screen on my iPhone is just as clear as without the cover.  I would recommend it to others.
 Screen protector  installed quickly and easily.  Really nice product.  Cannot even notice the protector on the phone - clear and doesn't affect the touch at all.  I have purchased past screen protector 2-packs, that only give the cleaning packets for one installation.  This was nice that they had 2 sets of wet and dry wipes for installation.
 Great. I would buy again.
 The best screen protector I’ve ever bought. So durable and protective. I’ve dropped my phone many times and have never had a scratch or crack on my actual phone screen. The screen protector will get cracks or scratches after some time of wear but not a single scratch or crack on the actual phone screen.
 Nice!  Can't tell it is on there.  Love the glass so much more than plastic.
 Good fit. As described
 Works great!  Fit perfectly and truly has protected my phone
 first time I dropped my phone after applying this, the whole screen shattered. The protector was unharmed
 I cracked my screen protector and was in a panic to get a replacement that didn't cost me an arm and a leg. TechMatte to the rescue! Excellent product, quick service and great followup. The video on to to use the screen protector was aces. Would buy from this company again.
 Love these screen protectors! They really thought of everything, from the wet wipes to the cloth to wipe the phone to the card used to get rid of bubbles. And for the price, you can’t find a better deal. They even offer a warranty; which is unusual for items so inexpensive but appreciated. Highly recommend!
 i just used it on my phone..it is really perfect, especially, I feel very smooth when I touch my screen. And it is easy to be attached and fit my phone perfectly! I love it. Thank you! There is a reason to be best seller!!
 This glass protector is pretty sturdy! The application process seemed a litter strange after I watched the online video so I didn't apply it the same way. Still turned out great!
 So far so good!  I haven't dropped my phone yet so I can't say how it would hold up if there was a fall, but the installation was easy and the alignment was spot on for my iPhone 6s.
 Excelente para protegerlo
 Very pleased with the screen protector so far. It was easy to apply and had excellent instructions as well as the tools for cleaning and getting bubbles out.
 I bought this screen protector about 9 months ago, it didn’t work. I didn’t take it off for 9 months and i had cracked my phone in these 9 months and it cracked pretty bad and turns out, ITS BEEN CRACKING UNDER THE SCREEN THE ENTIRE TIME !!!! TOOK THE SCREEN PROTECTOR OFF AND THERE WERE NO CRACKS ON IT
 Screen protectors break
 arrived on time.  great instructions, product as promised as great price.
 Good deal for nice glass covers. Go on easily be careful cleaning phone first as any dust underneath will show through. I ruined 1 not making sure screen was clean. 6S pressure touch screen works perfectly through these.
 It is really easy to put this on without any bubbles forming. Looks to be sufficient for day-today use.
 Great product at a great price.
 On my 2nd of the two screen protectors it comes with- my screen is in perfect condition while the protector takes all the impact. Having shattered many screens in my day, this is an $8 life saver!
 Easy to apply. Has shown no sign of determination after months of use. Low price + quality product + easy apply = win
 easy to install compared to most brand. However, I just dropped it on a vinyl floor......and the glass screen protecter is already shatter...It couldn't even handle one drop ...
 Tgis arrived on time. Quality product. Wife loves it!
 we purchased this screen protector for my son's new iPhone 8. It was easy to apply and so far seems to be working well.
 Go-To screen protector, these break instead of the screen - good to have
 Came as seen
 I really think this is a solid product and when I buy again this is the brand I am going to choose. I used it on both my personal iphone 6 and my work iphone 8.
 The amFilm iPhone 7 screen protector is by far the best screen protector I've owned. Installation was easy and I have no bubbles. The quality, look, and feel of the glass are incredible. I paired it with a Otter Box Defender case, removing the Defender's screen protector, and the combination for me is perfect. I highly recommend amFilm Screen Protector Glass.
 The coverage lifts on the edges and around the bottom button. This wine bode well for long term viability.<br/><br/>Applied very nice. Good packaging and application pieces. Good instructions.
 Best screen protector I found so far, easy to install no bubbles. PERFECT!! Now if I can just remember this one for next time.
 Took a little practice to get this on with no dust bubbles but love this product and it was very forgiving of my numerous attempts to correctly install it.
 it's ok. I purchased a different glass cover before and the application was a lot easier with the other brand. It took me 3 tries and it still isn't quite even.
 very nice package with everything you need for a perfect install
 Extremely easy and well described installation process. Two tabs provided to the protector make it very comfortable to place the protector on top of the phone, without any issue of touching the adhesive side or placing it awry. Once placed and released, it sticks to the phone by its own weight with no air bubbles at all. Great product.
 Best screen protector I've used to date.  Crystal clear and easy to position.
 The screen protector glass is accurate as described. I put numerous protectors on my kids phones and this product has saved the glass multiple times. I highly recommend!!
 Just be aware it does NOT fit a 7PLUS - only a 7 and a 6 PLUS iPhone. Otherwise its a good product.
 No bubbles, no curving; just a nice flat surface without those annoying pockets of air or corner lift that eventually requires replacing. I don't write reviews to often, but after a real world test of 4 months plus I had to share my thoughts on this product. This product works very well, is easy to maintain and can't be beat for the price. Installation was no worse than other brands and perfect film-to-screen adherence; no overhang vulnerable to lifting and cropped enough to protect the screen. I originally purchased an iPhone 6s Screen Protector by Spigen (twice) and had to replace 3 of the 4 screen protectors in less than a year with the first signs of trouble after less than a month. I've had daily use of the amFilm screen protector for 4 months and counting with no signs of bubbles, corner lifts or any other issues. Granted I am careful with my phone and have only dropped the phone on one occasion, but it did it's job and it's as good as new. When I wipe it clean it looks as good as the first day I installed it. 3D touch works great and no complaints at all! I already replaced the whole families iphone screen protectors with these and I will be buying more in the future as backups in case of accidental damage, but not sure I'll even need them!
 Can’t believe I was paying $35-$40 for screen protectors that weren’t as nice as these. Amazing product!!
 I've tried other tempered glass brands and more recently we tried some flexible plastic screen covers, but these by far are the best. Easiest to get the bubbles out of as well.
 The item is way to small for the iPhone 6. It's small and skinny. I am returning mine.
 Great product. Works perfectly and does a great job protecting your screen. Install is easy with the detailed instructions. Highly recommend!!
 It was a bit difficult to align (mess up the first time and you’re stuck) but otherwise it’s great. Clear picture.
 great screen protectors perfect fit for my iphone 7. easy to put on and comes with wipes and tape to clean screen properly for application
 I like everything about this product. Easy to follow directions, quick tip for better success, support availability with no hassle. I've not used this product previously and if an accident occurs will share the results.
 Haven't had to replace so don't know if the process is smooth but it went on without a hitch and looks great!
 Pleased with this product. Easy to install and looks good.
 Just applied to my phone today, so I can’t comment on the durability. But, they really give you everything you need to apply the protector, cleaning wipes, easy instructions, etc. I’m very satisfied with the product so far, and would definitely recommend.
 I have had this installed on my Iphone 7 for about 5 months and it has been durable, clear and scratch resistant. Fits good too!
 This was my first time to use a tempered glass screen protector.  It was easy to install.  It was nice that they provided a wet wipe and a dry wipe to get your screen ready, as well as a dust removal strip.  Installation was a snap.
 GREAT PURCHASE! It's unnecessary to buy the $30 screen protectors when these work just as well. The product comes with several items such as screen wipes and dust removers to ensure that the screen is placed well. I've only had it for 2 days and haven't dropped my phone so we will have to see how durable they are! But so far so good.
 The screen protector is in really great quality. I managed to not get any air bubbles in the middle of the screen which was great! The one thing I don’t like about it is that around the edges of the screen it creates these air bubbles only on the edges, but other then that it’s a great product.
 This is the second set, I've ordered.  When I broke my first cover trying to install,techmatte kindly sent me another set.  Now that I have a  new phone I wouldn't want another product.  Pleased with both the quality and customer service. Thank you.
 Working great
 The glass seems of good quality but the edges do not stick to the screen so they come up around the sides even though I’ve pushed them down for a long period of time.
 The glass was very easy to apply to my phone and I appreciated that the company emailed me an instruction video while the glass was in transit. There are two tabs to hold on to so you don't have to touch the glass while applying and they help you line it up easily. I wish the glass was a little larger, but the phone's edges are beveled and the company is trying to get a good application without bubbles.
 Nice kit. Has all you need for installing two glass screen protectors. Quality seems to be very good so far, and installation was easier because there are little tabs on each screen protector for you to position before you place it.
 Can’t Ask to Be The Best for Such a Price but it does the Work..
 Haven't yet had need to use it but they seem well made.
 The installation process is relatively pain-free thanks to the clear instructions and the extra materials that the package comes with.  So far the protector itself has done a nice job of resisting scratches, so I'm pretty happy with this.
 perfect. easy to put on, exactly as described.
 Great screen protector. Nice and thick, yet still very easy to install, and I didn’t even have to smooth out any bubbles! I’ve only had it on my phone for a few weeks, but it seems very durable, which is what I need as I tend to be pretty rough with my phone!
 Great price! Super easy to install! Provide you with all the tools you need for a dust free application
 Easy to install and clear as can be
 Unfortunately, I've already had an opportunity to find out how well this product works, as my phone flew out of my pocket this morning.  The screen protector did it's job and now has several nicks in it instead of my phone.  The reason for the four stars is that there is still a crack in my actual phone where the screen protector doesn't cover.  There's a small border of the phone that the glass doesn't cover and that area is obviously still vulnerable.  Still, I'll take the one little crack over the entire screen.
 Great price and easy to apply. I have had it on for 4months and still going strong and protects our phones well. My husband is a roofer so he needs a good screen protector
 I have had the case for only two weeks and the screen is covered in scratches, but not because I dropped it or drug it across the surface. it was probably my fault the scratches appeared and I didn't notice so I took better care carrying my phone instead of stuffing it in a bag and some how the cracks have spread and now the entire surface is scratched. Sturdy while it lasted I will be ordering more
 Seems like good quality, but only been a few days! Cannot really tell the difference between it and the $30 stuff from the Verizon store.
 Great product! It was easy to apply with clear directions. Item came as expected and I have no complaints.
 Works great!
 I love this screen protector! Very smooth and clean. The fit is great, covers the screen well without hanging off the edges. Application is easy, and the package provides everything you need for a good, lint-free, screen. It also shipped and arrived quickly.
 good
 This product was easy to install right the first time and looks good on my iPhone 6S
 Super easy to use. Once I fit it on the phone the screen slowly adhered in a nice swoosh across the screen. absolutely no bubbles and I only gave it a wipe down with the cloths provided.
 Oh my Gosh, I should have trusted my gut and reviews. The edge doesn’t fit IPhone 8; it makes bubble which makes it look so ugly. No matter how anyone try, it comes off and make bubbles. It’s because of the curvy shape of the iPhone 8 feature. Sucks!
 My screen protector works well. I have used other products and prefer this one.
 I am known for cracking my screen. I've spend hundreds of dollars on replacements until I bought this. As expected I broke my screen protector but I saved myself hundreds by having this on my screen. I keep coming back for more
 Great service, product, and price.
 Easy to apply. Seems to fit as well as possible given curved screen of my new iPhone 7. Very satisfied. Would recommend. Price for 2 seems like a pretty good deal.
 Great screen protector.  Easy to put on and can’t even tell it is there.  It looks just like the original screen. Great product.
 When you follow the directions, it is a simple installation. When I use the screen key pad, the operation goes smoothly.
 It saved my phone about a week after I got it. It fell out my purse and the screen protector did its job!!!!!!!! I am so thankful I got this product the day I brought the phone
 Worked fine on my phone
 Works.
 Excellent product. Very easy to install thanks to built in tabs on both ends of the screen protector. Everything needed to install in included in package. Crystal clear screen. Would like to see the screen protector slightly larger but it was the same size as my last one and very functional. Great price for two screen protectors. Will look for one to fit my husband's phone.
 This came with 2 screens &amp; this first one cracked within a day of putting it on, this first time I dropped my phone. After putting the second one on within a few days I dropped it one time and my actual iPhone screen cracked- not effective at all.
 We received the two pack of the screen protectors to use on our new iPhones. The first one was installed without any problems but the second one would not adhere in one of the corners. I contacted the seller and in just a few days received a replacement that worked perfectly.
 Just received today so can’t comment on durability.  The material quality seems on par with more expensive brands.  The picture quality is very good.
 not as described
 Works as described.  Easy enough to put on and comes with everything needed.  It also offers very good protection.
 These go on smooth and easy, no bubbles, no lifting. There is a slight prismatic effect around the outer edges of the tempered glass, which was really irritating at first but I've gotten used to it now and hardly notice it. Can't really complain because the price point isn't bad for multiple screen protectors!
 Amazing quality for a great price
 Perfect fit for the iPhone 8! Quality product.
 This is my favorite screen protector. I have ordered it multiple times in the past year! It definitely protects my screen, I am very clumsy so I am surprised it works so well!
 Bought this as a present for my klutzy daughter. 4th screen this year and she still has NOT bought a screen protector!
 this seems to be a good product. I'd order again
 I think I already reviewed this item. It was what I wanted, arrived quickly and very easy to apply. Since it contained 2 protectors I also have a spare . It exactly matched the picture on the web site. Thanks
 Doesn’t scratch. Good fingerprint resistance.<br/><br/>Cracked the first time I placed it face down. Mind you, it was outside and it was on concrete. But still. I expected it to be a little bit more shatter resistant.<br/><br/>Comes with two screen protectors, so I was able to replace the first one.
 Great product.  Great deal.  Follow up email with installation instructions.  You just can't beat that.  Very satisfied.
 Have had this on iPhone for about a month and it works great. No scratches or breaks so far. have dropped a few times and no cracks.
 Excellent. Installed perfectly, nice directions, excellent product.
 These are awesome!  protects the screen and doesn't interfere with the touch screen
 This is the best iPhone screen cover I've ever bought.  It is kind of like a hard plastic screen cover.  Yet, it would not interfere with the touch screen sensitivity.  It is easy to be applied.  I guess because it is harder than other screen cover that I've bought, it is very easy to apply it on to the screen bubble-free.
 Bought these because they had good reviews and were cheap. don't. they aren't the air release type and the bubbles wouldn't go away! I bought a different brand and boom, no problems at all
 This screen protector is great. I had the original glass protector that I purchased at Best Buy when I bought my phone over a year ago and found this one at a cheaper price. I had never heard of the brand but was willing to try it out and I’m happy with it so far! Durable and good quality. Easy to put on.
 Arrived on time. Simple to use and easy to install
 Very easy to apply and it's a great price! I haven't dropped my phone yet to test it's cracking ability yet, but hopefully that doesn't happen for awhile!!
 It arrived quick; easy to apply, everything you need is included;  I like very much those side tubs - helped me to lineup protector perfectly. No bubles underneath; does not interfear with my case, look original, seams good quality, I have been using it for only 1 week - so far no scratches and no drop... will see how it will hold up.<br/>So far so good. Thank you
 This product was sooo easy to use, and it came with everything you could possibly need to quickly add the protector to your screen.  We would definitely recommend them!
 Works exactly as expected. I have dropped my phone numerous times with this one, and the screen looks perfect! Thanks!
 Great quality glass cover for iPhone! Looks great, touch screen still works without missing a beat and most of all, it protects the screen!
 I got these protectors for a Caseology case. But I didn't care for the case, so, when I returned the case, I also had no need for the protectors, so I returned them, too.
 Great service!  Quick ship!  Excellent, professional product and packaging!  Extremely easy, bubble-free installation!  Lifetime guarantee against breakage of original product.  FIVE Stars from me!
 For the price, there is no better bang for your buck with this one. Not only is it quality material, but it comes with an additional screen protector for an additional family members or if you mess it up the first time! Lol
 Fits great, easy to install
 The only glass screen protector you'll ever need.
 love it!! fits perfect. lil bubbles appeared after i first put it on, but by time i woke up in the morning, they were gone =)
 Great for the pro
 Simple instructions and all the supplies included in the package for both screen protectors.
 Looks great and doesn’t hinder the touch feature.  Works like a charm!
 I bought this and have had it on my phone 3-4 months. I thought it was great. Then I dropped my phone and thought the protector was cracked pretty bad. I went to take it off and the protector is fine, but my actually screen is toast. WHAT. THE. HECK!
 Excellent quality and it came with complete kit needed to install. I bought a similar one from five below for another phone and this one is much better in staying stuck at the edges due to iPhone screen curve.
 Bought this for my brother. Slapped it on and has yet to receive any scratches. Hopefully it last a long time.
 The product and the seller have done a great job with these screen protectors.  The instructions were crystal clear -- and so are the glass protectors -- and the dust remover tabs and screen cleaner pads were an added benefit.
 Great product. Went on easily. Fits phone well. A couple of very small bubbles, but this is my first time applying a dry glass screen; so very satisfied.
 This is my first glass screen protector, and I really like it. It came with wipes and clear instructions. I think glass is easier to apply than plastic, as I didn't have any problems with dust or bubbles. Protector has held up well in the last month or so, no scratches on it. Doesn't seem to affect the screen appearance (screen is clear and colors true) and haven't had any problems with the touch interface.
 This is a superior product to the OtterBox screen saver.  Simply clean the screen then apply and the capillary action takes over and Walla it's installed, great fit and crystal-clear
 It was super fast and easy to put on. I feel much better walking around with this protector on my phone.
 Easy to apply and came with everything to do so and no bubbles and is sticking very well! Best screen protector I have used so far!
 I really like this screen protector!  And it is a fraction of the cost of a very similar product in the store. The only issue I have is that it seems a bit too narrow for my iPhone 7.  But, it works fine and I'm not too picky.  Super happy!
 Phone has survived 2 hard drops without damage. Very impressed. Applies seamlessly.
 The screen protector is amazing. It fit perfect &amp; it was easy to attach. I have had no issues with the operation of my phone due to the screen either.<br/>Two thumbs up!! I will highly recommend these to family &amp; friends.<br/>Thank you TechMatte!
 I purchased for my iPhone 7 based upon other reviews and I am very satisfied. The tutorial they sent by email was very helpful and installation went as anticipated.
 This product is excellent! It works exactly as it is described. I dropped my phone and the impact was absorbed by the screen protector. I couldn't be more happy.
 Easy to apply, comes with all the tools you need to apply (alcohol wipes, bubble remover, etc), but wish there were instructions on how to remove it. I've already gotten a few cracks in my screen because I'm hard on my phones, so I'm sure I'll need to re-order soon!
 Great product and helpful video/written instruction
 Had one of these on for over a year and dropped/manhandled my phone probably once a week. Had no cracks or nicks in my phone screen when I finally took this off to put a new one on.
 Needed a longer cable
 The order was for 2 screen protectors for an I phone 7. They arrived quickly and as described with clear directions.  I was pleased all the way around. If need be I would use the company again. Excellent service and product.
 Dropped my phone (did have a leather phone cover in) and cracked the protector. Saved my screen so this product works!
 Excellent screen protector- much better than best buys / the Verizon sell for $40
 Great product. Drop my phone while the film  was on &amp; Now have a hairline scratch on the screen NOT my phone screen . So yeah I'll say it works.<br/> Had a little trouble putting the film on but with a little patience I finally got it .
 It was what I wanted and got it installed this afternoon.  The case came with one but i didn't have it install correctly so wanted to get a new one and install it right.
 This is the best screen protector I've ever used. Crystal clear screen. Works great with touch screen. Easy to install. I followed the enclosed instructions and had no trouble.
 Works great. Daughter drops her phone all the time and it protects well
 Easy to install, came with great tips! Now I have a durable, crystal clear screen! Life time customer!
 I bought this for my iPhone 7 and after i had dropped my phone I thought I would have to get the screen replaced, but thankfully after peeling the glass protector off there wasn't a scratch on my screen at all. I'm definitely going to order this product again in the future when I break the second one I have.
 This screen protector is amazing. Not only is it very inexpensive, but it is amazing quality. I’ve used just one screen protector for over a year. And not to mention it comes with two. I love this product and could not be more pleased with the results!
 Fast shipping and very easy on the wallet or purse. Easy install and great protection for my not so cheap iPhone 6s. Very, very Happy. Great. Thanks
 Good value
 My wife has a IPhone 6 and I have a 6S. This protector fits her phone perfectly but not my 6S. Apparently the screen has more curve near the edges and the protector does not adhere near the edge. Around the entire perimeter there is a ~3mm portion not stuck to the screen. It functions but will clearly gather particulate in that area.
 Love this! I've tried purchasing tempered glass from several different companies but this one feels the best, has lasted the longest and has protected my phone through the worst. I dropped my phone and the entire tempered glass screen shattered. However, when I took off the tempered glass, my phone screen was completely unharmed. I highly recommend this product.
 Great product, super easy to install due to the sides handles, it took me 5 seconds to install, does work great with touch on the phone and looks styrdy.
 Love these
 I've ordered these twice now. They really do work and I am loyal to them. I use this protector with a Lumee case. My phone took a small tumble and my phone screen was fine. Even after the protector cracked, the surface was smooth and useable. These really do work and the price point for the number you get is amazing. 10/10 recommend.
 Yes, you can see the line around the edges, but it's just fine if you have a case.  Much nicer than the plastic covers.
 Fit and as described.  Arrived quickly.
 Arrived very quickly. Very nice quality product. Would highly recommend
 Great product ...easy to apply and doesn’t affect screen clarity
 I love these screen protector.  I've had a few break and crack because of drops, but each time TechMatte has shipped me a replacement free very quickly.
 Exactly what I needed to replace the screen cover I got when I purchased the phone.  This one was much less expensive than the ones they sell at Verizon, and the instillation video was easy to follow and understand.
 My son put the screen protector on my IPhone 7 for me and said it wasn't too hard to do but when another son used the second screen protector for his IPhone 7, he had a more difficult time putting it on and he said it's now fraying at the edges.  He told me it's probably more of a user error since mine protector seems to be intact.
 Affordable, easy to apply and if you do it right it looks good! I bought it because the first screen protector I purchased, else where, shattered! This came with two screen protectors, hopefully I'll only need 1!
 I applied a screen protector to my new iPhone 8 fresh out of the box and it has been perfect.  I didn't give it 5 stars because I also applied one to my daughters iPhone 8 after a few days use and it didn't seal well.  So, I definitely recommend this product for brand new devices with little to no use.
 Wish I had paid closer attention to the product description as this is a 2 pack, I needed 2 but I ordered 2 sets.  I guess I'll have ready replacements.  It was super simple to install, just exactly as the instructions read and was 1/5 of the price of the local retailer.  Great price for a great product.
 This product is perfect, with lots of tools inside, I will definitely buy it again if I need more.
 The screen protectors are nice quality and arrived on time. We will be buying more for our other phones. Thanks.
 The addition of this screen protector increased the tactile experience of using my phone. I think Apple should buy this company out and include the screen protector as a factory installed option.
 I broke my last screen so I ordered this for my new phone.  Was easy to apply and reasonable price that shipped quickly.  Hope it protects my phone from my clumsiness!
 Went on easily without bubbles and looks great!
 Really excellent instructions, box included everything you need for cleaning screen and applying the protector. Value is unbeatable!<br/>Two screens for 1/4 of the price that the retailer wanted for one!
 Nice and easy to install. Has everything you need to install in the packaging.
 Works perfectly like my original screen. You can see a difference but that comes at a small cost of good protection. It also still lets you use force touch and everything else.
 I purchased this product for my son's iPhone's 6S. It arrived on time and as described. It has served him well so far and I have no complaints thus far.
 Perfect product........just what I needed
 Quick shipping, clear instructions.  Have not dropped the phone so no idea of the level of protection , however the product appears well made
 This protector is the best one I've ever owned on a phone. My iPhone 7 screen now has this beautiful gloss and it looks so sweet. Not only that, the protector is sturdy and it's not one of those imitation tempered glass protectors. Excellent product.<br/><br/>I should also add they even sent me a video on how to install and a follow up email! Could not resist dropping by with 5 starss.
 I put this protector on my phone along with the case that I already have (otter box clear case) and within 4 hours of having it on, I dropped my phone and the actual screen cracked.  Glass protector is completely in tacts not even a scratch on it.
 I purchased a new iPhone and wanted to add a screen protector. Prior experience has proven how valuable a screen protector can be. This one was easy to apply and I had no bubbles!!!!  I will definitely recommend it to all my friends and family.
 Works great. Make sure you fully clean your screen. Still works with my protective case.
 It's very smoother, and the class is thick, so I have no fear that it won't do the job of protecting my phone<br/><br/>the only flaw is that the left side of the screen protector can be a little bit longer to over that side of the screen as well because it stops right before it covers the screen whereas the right size covers it perfectly
 I love these screen protectors. This is the 2nd time purchasing from this company. I highly recommend their product because it’s great quality, affordable and it comes with a warranty.
 I've dropped my phone sev times. It cracked the screen protector bad but my actual screen was fine! So it did the job. Hope they dont change it bc it is my fav screen protector so far.
 Easy to apply screen protector. Holds up very well to daily use.
 My 3rd time buying this product! Really reliable! Will buy again!
 I have used this brand in the past and I am always satisfied with the product. The package includes everything you need to properly attach to your device, easy and simple. You can even watch a YouTube video if you want additional direction! Hands down this is the best screen protector and I will not buy any other brand.
 Easy to install great product customer support was fantastic
 This screen protector glass is excellent - easy to apply, and it provides excellent protection.  Should I need more, I would not hesitate to buy this product again.
 Works great, just make sure you clean screen perfectly, and I mean perfectly.  It will work fine, but even a flake of skin or dust particle will show if it gets under glass as you lay it down.
 Air bubbles around entire edge of screen, it seems if glass is too large for screen
 Good quality
 Well made and packaged. Installed perfectly first time. Take your time and follow directions, goes on great. 10 minutes tops
 Worst product ever. Had to use both and BOTH had bubbles. Completely cleaned them and it just wouldn’t attach properly. Absolutely terrible
 I’ve dropped my phone a few times and have yet to get a crack in my protector. I love the fact that it has a 1 year warranty if you register it.
 Broke and came off phone after one month.
 This is a good, affordable screen protector - other than the fact that the sides don't stick. I understand the Iphone 8 is curved, but any screen protector should adhere completely to the phone it's meant for and this one doesn't.
 I dropped my phone and it landed hard face down and it was not in an OtterBox case, my screen did not crack yes I need a new screen protector but it protected my phone! Great job!
 Easy to “install,” and lifetime guarantee.....how can you go wrong?  My teenagers drop their phones often, so these protectors are essential.
 easy to apply and fits my with my case
 I really like the clarity of the glass and ease of install. Great customer service so far. I have a couple cracks at the corner and after I had  registered for the warranty it was only a couple quick steps and they’re sending a replacement!
 Very happy with this product! Easy to apply to my phone and feel confident in recommending purchasing.
 My daughter really love it.  I just wish it covered the whole screen though, that's the only why I rate 4 star.<br/><br/>Update: The 2nd glass protector didn't work.  Both protector and cellphone glass shattered.  Had to pay $120 to fix it.
 Great product, clear installation instructions, good support and follow up.
 Easiest to install glass screen protector I've ever used.  Had a couple of bubbles that worked right out.  Looks lawless.  Right size to fit with covers.  Material seems strong enough.  Will buy again.
 doesn't cover the whole screen, and after a month it's starting to bubble.
 Great product. I watched video on how to use the hinge method using the sticky dust removal tabs provided with the kit and it worked perfectly. Would use this product again. I also purchased for an iPad mini and it worked great.
 The screen protector is easy to install. It does not affect the functionality of the phone and it does not have any visible effect on the screen's clarity or sharpness.<br/><br/>I would buy again and recommend it to others.
 This is a replacement for the defective screen I received earlier. There was some debris on underside of glass, which I was Able to remove
 Protects very well. Lasts long too!
 This is my favorite cover!
 Screen protector not for iPhone 7 , it can’t cover the screen edge and bubble all around the edge .
 This is a lifesaver on your iPhone. Seriously. Save yourself the hassle of a cracked screen. Excellent price for a great product.
 Protected my phone from a five foot drop. Cracked the protector not screen. Second one the edges don't stay down. Maybe human error on the installation. Only reason for the 4 stars.
 Easy to install on your iPhone, and it did save my screen from breaking after my phone slipped from my hand. Very happy with this screen protector
 shipped quickly and this is my second purchase from this company...the protector is excellent quality and will definitely extend the life of your phone glass (if you tend to drop it often)
 Easy to apply, and so far good to go.
 I haven’t dropped my phone yet so it hasn’t cracked. The entire package came with a bunch of other stuff to make sure the screen was clean (ie Wipey, cloth). It also came with two screens which was cool because I thought I only had 1
 I bought these screen protectors for my parents new phones.  The Screen protector was easy to use with and I had no issues with bubbles.
 Seems great so far. Arrived quick, easy to apply, and didn't even realize it came with a guarantee. Very happy early on
 Bought a few because my son hard on phone . Works well
 While working on my truck with 35 inch tires I sat my phone on the tire. Finish up anforgot my phone and drove over my phone on concrete nothing broke but THE screen protector—AWESOME GREAT PRODUCT
 Recommended
 Recommended, easy to apply without dealing with too many air bubbles.
 Most than just a screen protector glass.<br/>The package includes a set to install the screen film with easy steps to follow. Wet and dry wipe to clean your phone screen before installing the film and stickers to get the dust on your screen.<br/>I will definitely recommend it to everyone.
 This screen protector was very easy to apply and came with simple instructions. The customer service is above and beyond and let’s not forget the awesome screen protector. I am very clumsy and drop my phone all the time and this protector is the reason why I still have my phone. This is defiantly the screen protector to buy!
 Easily applies and feels great.
 Been using this brand for two years now. Best application method. Best quality.
 Easy to apply and great value.  It also comes in a durable package.  I received a broken glass screen saver from another vendor.
 I bought this for my iphone and dropped a small piece of plastic on the screen from about 2 inches up...the whole screen cracked.  Now I have to get this screen fixed and I'm out the money even though I had a screen protector on it.
 I don't know why this product didn't get a 5 star rating. So, here is my 5 star to it. I absolutely love this screen protector. The installation was so easy compare to the thin screen protector I bought from some where else in the past. It came with two screens, 4 wipes (wet/dry) and a hard cardboard card to get rid of air bubbles. The packaging was so simple and neat. The shipping was so fast. I bought it literally on Friday night and I got it Monday afternoon.<br/><br/>Thank you for making such a great product! :)
 Easy to put on. Comes with screen cleaner and drying wipes for pre-install cleaning. Seems durable..I haven't dropped it so I don't know its true durability.
 works great. haven't cracked my phone yet and it even comes with 2 protectors. instructions included made for easy applying.
 Great screen protector at a fraction of the price of others.  Kit came with everything you need for a clean installation with no trapped dust or bubbles.  Installed both screen protectors with no problem and look great on the phones.
 Just as good as the life proof and way more economical. Had it for about a year before I accidentally tore off the charge port plug. Had several very hard drops, with no damage to the phone.
 Way better than going to the mall and paying $40 for someone else to put one of these things on. Lucky it came with two also!
 It performs as advertised. Installation was simple and the adhesion went well. It's a tempered glass screen saver that works fine, no big deal. I would buy again.
 They were fine. Even following the directions carefully the first protector had air bubbles and didn't adhere very well, I had to use the second one and still got a small air bubble on the side of the screen that I can't get out.
 Easy to install. Barely noticable and doesn't interfere with the touch screen function. I like it better than the old film protectors.
 Exactly what I hoped they would be,
 Best protectors I've purchased
 Just purchased for my husband. So far very happy. Thank you!
 I never (ever) take the time to write product reviews. But making an exception for this perfectly packaged, frustration-free screen protector. Every time I have to replace mine, I dread the process which is always full of peeling it back off, the errant dust particles, fingerprints on the protector. This product eliminates all that. Get this one.
 Money well spent easy to install and works 100% for my phone highly recomend it would give it a 6 start if possible
 Worked like a charm. Great instructions and it came with everything needed for a successful covering with no bubbles. Very happy with the product.
 So far so good. Everyone swears by these glass screens. I'm just concerned it doesn't cover the screeen all the way to the edge- none of them do.
 Very nice  a novice like me got it in place on first try
 I dropped my phone with this screen protector on it. The screen protector didn’t crack at all. My phone on the other hand cracked pretty bad. I would not recommend this peace of trash to anyone. I would like to thank the creators of this product for making the most pointless product ever.
 Ordered iPhone 6s 2 pack screen protector. Does not fit the 6s. Must be for a 6. Now I have to put back on a cracked screen protector until I can get one that fits.
 The sticky part of the glass film had a slight mar though it and it looks like it's a place where, for some reason, adhesive wasn't put.  On the screen it looks like I have a piece of lint or a hair in there.  It's small enough (about 1.2") that it doesn't bother me much, but I do notice it every time I look at my phone.
 This is a great product and it shipped to me immediately. I am not very coordinated but this was pretty simple.  Could not beat the price either.
 Easy , now no worries!
 Excelente
 Great
 I have purchased these screen protectors for our phones several times. Whenever we have had incidents where we drop our phones these screen protectors have saved our screens from cracking or breaking. The screen projector takes the hit but saves the screen.
 This item worked great and does what is necessary. Fairly easy to install.
 Still have the same screen protector on my iphone, have not replace it. I have dropped it a few times and it hasn’t cracked.
 I swear by glass screen protectors, and this one definitely does not disappoint! Fits perfectly and is case-friendly. Would definitely order again
 Super easy to use and good quality.
 This is the second time I have purchased this as I was pleased the first time! But I put the film on and the bottom corner didn't adhere to my phone and then cracked within 2 days with no trauma/drops/etc. Disappointed.
 2 pack-both were broken!! There is no point in buying these because they shatter easily.
 I dropped my phone on it’s face at about 4 feet in height from the marble floor, and when I picked it up the top half of my phone screen was entirely shattered, but this phone screen protector was still unscratched. I’m so upset. The entire purpose of this screen protector didn’t do a thing.
 I dropped my phone once and the screen protector shattered so i used the second one and it shattered within that same day. The screen protector also didnt stick well to the screen on my ihpone 8. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND!
 I use it for my Iphone 6S. It does not cover all the screen but you cannot really notice that when you are using it and the part that is not protected is very unlikely to get damaged (is very small)
 this is a good product, i am very pleased
 I received this on Friday. And by Tuesday the protector has shattered. Completely useless- don’t waste your money
 I’m glad there are 2 in this pack because I don’t know how sturdy the “glass” is. It’s a little thinner than expected but seems like quality especially for the price.
 Great protector.  Does just as it says. I dropped my phone accidentally as it fell out of my pocket and the screen protector cracked but not the phone screen.
 Great product. Works great. Will always buy this model.
 This company went above and beyond to make sure I was happy with the product. They even sent me a video with great tips for putting on my glass cover. It looks really nice on my phone, and the touch sensitivity still works perfectly. I would definitely recommend this product!
 Very easy application and I like that it comes with 2 screen protectors, in case you mess up the application :) The protector went on with little issue and there were no air bubbles like previous protectors I've used. I haven't been able to test the actual protection (haven't dropped my phone), but hopefully it will hold up and save my phone!
 Ordered for a new iPhone 8.  Application of the screen protector was flawless due to the step by step instructions.<br/>Would order again from this supplier, excellent product with a reasonable price.<br/>S.Davis
 This was the easiest screen protector experience I've ever had.<br/>Once the screen protector was down it adhered itself perfectly with no bubbles. I barely had to push or do anything.<br/>I did make use of the bathroom tip - I applied my protector in the bathroom after taking a shower, so that may have added to the ease of use as well.  Looks great, was easy to use and has a great price...Can't ask for anything more.
 This is a great product at a great price. My IPhone 8 is well protected.
 I've used this product before. It's clear, bubble free and really protects the phone. Easy to apply and well worth it.
 Tempered Glass Screen Protector amFilm<br/>was a GREAT purchase to go with the Caseology IPhone 7 Case! Don't buy one w/out the other! SUPER easy to apply!<br/>Highly recommend! 👍🏻
