11/10 PRODUCT!!!
TechMatte:  The Best Of The Best
Bad choice for the iPhone 8
Must have forever more!
Great....for 5 months.  Won't honor warranty
One drop and my phone is shattered and in need of replacement.
Waste of money!
Does not fit right!!
Issues with one but overall good for the price!
I had purchased a I phone 8 and of course didn't want to spend what like 40 to 75 dollars on a sreen protector so ...
Disappointed in amFilm tempered glass screen protector
Poor quality and ZERO CUSTOMER SUPPORT
Excellent screen protection
Pair with an otterbox defender!
Buy it!
Does the job; cracks easily though
Quality glass screen protector
I find it too small to cover the whole screen
Cracked
HONEST REVIEW
Well worth every penny and then some!!! Highly recommend.
One was good, one not so good.
Great quality for a great price
This was almost the best purchase I've done over Amazon
Saved!
Great product, great customer service
Not good quality
Terrible shadows and Weird aura around edges
Disappointed
Second install was much better, but not completely bubble free
Steady hand required, infinite patience, top tier customer support, excellent product for the price.
Easy application
Easy Quick and Best screen protector
BUY THISSSSS COVER
Not so crazy about this style screen protector
protects the phone but not itself
doesn't set all the way
Nice interface to iPhone
Almost, but not great for 6S.
Hanging Tabs May Not Be Easier for Everyone
Repeat Purchaser Here and Still Satisfied with My Glass Screen Protectors
At least as good as the expensive ones we had
Great screen protector.
Extremely easy to install which almost rivals the way I feel ...
10/10 - I do not see any reason to use any screen protector other than this one - fantastic product!
Satisfied thus far...
So Easy / The best yet
Great Protection and Easy to Install
I does works
For a 2 pack of glass screen protectors, it’s hard to beat this value.
Saved my Screen, Big Time, TWICE
Love it!
Gotta have this!
Great product great price
Great job, great product
Legit protection
Couldn't be happier!
EXCELLENT OPTICAL QUALITY. EASY INSTALL.
Other companies are out there charging over $20 for some tempered glass screen protectors so I figured those were better quality
A Great Screen Protector for the Price
Easy to line up, fits as expected
Disappointed-Updated-Satisfied
Use it so as not to lose it!
I was happy with it
My favorite
Ordering Again!
Edges didn’t adhere!
Well the first one I installed on my wife's phone and took my time and made sure the screen was good an clean (good lighting really helps) and had prefect ...
It proved itself!
Works great. Forgot we had it on and thought screen was cracked, but screen is flawless.
Very happy with this product and really excited cor protect my phone screen
Great product!
Perfection Achieved!
the product arrived on time and in perfect condition. When I opened the box
Great value and very easy to install
So far so good
Easy install.  Looks great.
Great product that saved my iPhone glass
Dropped my phone face down...
Best Screen Protector out there!!
These are good!!!
Great product and easy to install
Easiest application I have done - 6S
Keeps your glass looking new
No Zero Bubble As Expected
EPIC & Cheap Screen Protector - does the job well!!
Good, but One Glaring Issue on iPhone 7
From a college students perspective
following directions to the letter I have been unable to get them perfect. So
Bubbles galore
Best screen protector I ever bought!
Saved my screen, flawless installation, NO bubbles, OCD compliant
They can't even spell check their instructions.
Scratches too easily
Great product, great customer service
Absolute perfection!
I love it. Fits perfectly
Great
BEST SCREEN PROTECTOR EVER!
Difficult to install
dont waste your  money
Great scratch resistance and durability
Tempered glass screen protectors are a must, in my ...
GREAT PRODUCT & EVEN BETTER CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!
The BEST screen protector on the market!!!!
Since this was sold as a two pack I was able to easily put another one on as soon as I got ...
Buy this product first!
Perfect Screen Protection
The face of the phone looked like the day I purchased it
Just what I was looking for...great price too
Top notch quality protectors
BEST SCREEN PROTECTOR - EVER - don’t look any further! BUY and be happy!!!
Love my glass protector!
An iPhone essential, even for the most careful users.
Good bang for your buck
Kept my phone safe when it hit the pavement!
Perfect product for the need and price
Good screen protector for iphones
Outstanding Product - Saved my Phone
Smooth and durable screen protection for iPhone7!
Protects phone from drops
Great overall; a few things to consider
Never been paid for a review
Best screen protector - fool proof installation!!!!
iPhone 8: Do not buy this product. Total waste of money!
DOES THE JOB !!!
Kind of "meh"
Quality screen protector at a great price!
Such a good deal!
Doesn't Cover All Of The Touch Screen
Proof is in the Photos!
Working great on iPhone 6S so far
This is absolutely the best product out there - and Amazon's price can't be ...
Cheap! Protects my iPhone 7. Works!
Warranty
Thank you screen protector!
2 guards in pack. Easy to stick on phone
Saved my phone - I would buy again!
Happy Returning Customer
Great quality! No air bubbles!
Super easy application, incredible protection
Protects your phone, but not much else
Best screen protector I've ever purchased
Easy to install and protects
I got one of them dirty but got the second one on perfectly
Best adherence ever!
Better than other brands!
Defective Product - Waste of money
iPhone 6 - Corners do not adhere well. Have had this issue before.
Clear Screen Protection That Works
Highly recommend
Impressive, superior product for an incredible price! Highly recommend.
my screen was still in perfect condition. I just put the second on (comes ...
Amazing reliable product
The best phone protector I have seen.
These work great. Dropped my iPhone flat on the floor face ...
HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!!!
Saved my iPhone 7 numerous times
I thought that the packaging was great, the quality
Less Fearful to Drop My Phone
10/10 would buy again, have bought again, will buy again
great protection. It holds on super well
Better than others
The company was very good and responsive with replacement
No Polarized Glare with Sunglasses!
probably the best you can get to be honest
Holds up very well
It's ok, but I'm not thrilled
That being said I am very pleased with my purchase
Wow
This is a great price on the screen protectors
Best value for glass screen protector on amazon
Great product, just one small thing...
Works great!
Fast Easy and Flawless Installation
The price is good, but the product is GREAT!!
Not touch sensitive
Excellent Company and Product!
Shouldn't have let a 2 year old play with it but am a little disappointed in the performance
Buy this screen protector!  It's a really good one.
Doesn’t last long
Saved me the expense of a new phone!
The best part is that the front and back of the ...
Love it
Protects your phone screen as it should!
Don’t recommend!
I received older product? (From Liquid Center)
Wouldn’t be without one.
Product has been great. Noticed by screen protector had a star shatter ...
Good product and good support
Outstanding Product! First Class Experience!
I hate reading ratings where people were compensated for with their ...
Easy to apply and after a few days so far ...
It really works! Protector cracked when I dropped my phone, but display didn't!
That they stand behind their product
Life (I mean Iphone) Savers!
Great service and product
This is a company that knows customer service.
Ooops I did it again!
Does not protect your screen
Good glass. 1 didn't stick completely down.
Protects your screen very well! I drop my phone all the time ha ha!
Great screen protector but is NOT 'full coverage'.
Great glass screen protector for iphones
You should watch videos on YouTube before installing if you're like me and have never done it before
Great product for an awesome price
iPhone protector
Highly recommended
Great protection
Very Effective! Saved my Phone Glass
If you take the time to make sure there is absolutely NO dust on the screen, the protector will be totally bubble free.
Was the best screen protector you could find... until 3 months later.
Easy to install
Good product/excellent customer service
This just saved my screen, tonight! Ordering another one.
So Durable!
Holds screen together
Impressively good quality / value for the money
Great value and quality!
Great product.
Great quality at a SUPER price!!
I like how it is made from tempered glass, looking forward to test driving the protection!
I feel like my iPhone is protected!
(UPDATED) First time user - it's great!
Very easy installation
Wow!  Must buy!!
Not worth it
Best protection and investment for your screen!
Really works.
Shattered on first drop & sharp!
Just as nice as those $100 screen protectors you're buying!!
QUALITY product and EXCELLENT customer service
Awesome protector. Completely saved my phone screen.
POOR QUALITY - CRACKED IPHONE DESPITE SCREEN PROTECTOR
Lasted a year!
Excellent protection; a hair to big
highly recommend getting some sort of glass screen protector
Very Satisfied Customer
You’re screwed if a lint is under the screen
Works for iPhone 8
The application process was easy as guided through the manual
Actually quite easy and nice!
Would recommend!
For iPhone 7: More like 4.5 stars, but I'll round up
Very hard to use phone with screen protector on
MUST BUY PRODUCT!
My phone screen has less cracks thanks to this!
Great screen protector
Love these things!
Typical Cheap screen protectors
Great!
Edges do not stick to the phone!
Great Screen Protector For a Great Price
Doesn't stick to screen around the edge
Amazing protection!
Love this cover, cracked instead of my phone screen
100% Satisfied
Glad that it had two films
Very nice!
No cracks!
It worked well but aesthetically not pretty. It was bulky with very few style options
Good screen protector
Better than most
Phone fell face down and the screen protector saved it completely
Might not fit EVERY phone
It will protect your phone, but it's difficult to get a suitable application.
These things are pretty cool. One of the things I love about ...
Love this screen protector for many reasons!
Great Screen Protector Kit
I grabbed these and am VERY happy I did
Great screen protector!
Excellent product! Here's a tip for application
Saved my Phone TWICE in One Week!
WOULD DEF BUY AGAIN...!!....AAA+++
It damaged my actual screen while removing it.
This product is the best screen protector I have ever used and very affordable ...
Easy to put on, easy to correct
Sticker failed on second one. First one worked perfectly.
This is my second time ordering. I am ordering again a year later just so I do not run out.
Saved my screen
Great screen protector, awesome customer service
Easy As 1-2-3
Good Buy!
Still not perfect for the iPhone 7 but better
Good purchase
It's super hard, stiff
Very well thought-out complete kit
Very durable and passed the toddler test!
Awesome! I have a Conure (small parrot) with a ...
Does the trick but not 100%
Fantastic for iPhones!!
Great quality, easy to install
Great screen protector.
I don’t think this protector is particularly good. I just put it on less than two ...
Great Product
Amazing product!
Great buy, easy to apply
Could not be happier
Easy to install / High Quality
Don't Buy. Didn't do jack.
Fits iPhone 6
Love it!
Saved my phone!!!!
Strong, clear, well-packaged
Seems to work well, very affordable
Product looks great, works great, is under Lifetime Warranty, and does not detract from the gleaming beauty of my new iPhone
Great product and Excellent customer service!
Love it! Easy to apply and super strong
Great product and company
Absolutely love it, think you will too
Great product, will definitely buy it again!
Worked Great!!!!
I pulled it off and the phone is perfect. No scratch no marks no nothing
Great screen protector
Great product, great seller!
Easy to apply; Great protector and company.
So far much better than much more expensive protectors
Easy to use and works well
Nice screen protector
Easy installation, durabality, and high quality, all at an amazing price point.
Necessity for my iPhone
Has saved my phone so many times
Everything you need for a great, bubble free installation.
... plastic screen protectors for years and they would look like junk so quickly
Perfect product
Hit or miss with these screen protectors
... time I have purchased this screen protector and I love it! My husband and I split the first ...
A bit fragile but does its job.
Best Screen Protector out there, Best Value as Well.
This is awesome
Fingerprints Disappear
Saved my screen countless times good price
Very easy to install and get no bubbles or dust particles ...
Great protection
Glass itself is good, but not the dry pad
This is the best protector. I've bough many glass protector from many ...
Highly recommended - best protector I've installed
Great, inexpensive screen protector! Will purchase again!
Paid for itself already!
These protectors were super easy to put on bubble-free and fit quite well
Not bad but still peels from the phone
Good deal for the price. Not perfect though.
Very good protector,  Great price.
Coulda Spent More and Still Been Very Happy
Very good screen protector with no bubbles and high durability
Nailed It
Product is OK at best
Durable
Quality protection, easy to apply
Great product, installation requires precision
Good Customer Service
Excellent product and great value-Perfect and necessary to protect you phone screen
love the exterior tabs that help aligning the glass screen ...
Don't Think Twice - Just Add To Your Cart
My Phone Survived Multiple Drops.  The Screen Protector is cracked, but my phone screen is still PERFECT!
I wanted good protection for a good price
Great Product.
very easy to apply
The ANKER screen protector didn't do anything and was in fact better shape than my actual phone screen underneath it
Love this iphone cover
Good for the price
Cheap & easy & might prevent a problem
High Quality and Easy to Apply
Awesome for the price
Exactly as Advertised
Not bad
1/6 bubble free placement
Solid protection, saved my screen!
It's just ok
DO NOT BUY
Looks great and easy to install
Easy to Install
Screen Saver!
Short for phone screen size
Amazing item!
EASY application. Do it yourself at 1/4th to 1/5th of price of professional installation
Protect what is yours
Great Product-Great Price
Great product.
Great buy! But check your case’s dimentions
Saved my phone!
Easy Installation, Looks clear, Easily Wipeable.
Great Support Staff and Product!
Incredibly Easy to Apply.
my iPhone screen is smooth as brand new phone
Great Screen protector!
What more could you want?
Protects the screen!
same as those $40 ones
LOVE!!
Best out there. Bar none!
Does not work for iPhone 8
Pure Junk! My phone still shattered!
This is THE BEST kit I have ever used for my iPhones
Best screen out there!
Tempered Glass screen protector all the way!
Practically installed itself!!!
10/10 glass screen protector
Totally satisfied
High quality
IPhone 6S glass screen Protector A+
Lifted edge.  Disappointed
Would Buy Again If Needed
Dont know if I received a defect product
Saved my phone screen
Scratched the first day.
Mixed quality, I had to order two
Do not buy!
Reliable, Easy Installation, Good Protection
Wonderful Product
Works great even if your screen is already cracked
but this one had excellent instructions. There was a wet wipe used to ...
LIFE SAVER!
but when it talks about no bubbles while applying it and how it is so easy to apply that is a big lie
This is a terrific screen protector for my Samsung Galaxy S7
New to screen covers
Does not fit iPhone 8
Screen feels great! Be pateint putting it on.
Instructions/Mayreials do not match what is actually there.
Tough for the accident-prone, easy and forgiving to install for sufferers of Murphy’s Law
Strong and long lasting screen protector
Not a full screen cover
Tough clear and easy to install
Great product, saved my screen
Just Get Them!
I have an iPhone 7 so I bought this screen ...
Easy to install correctly and no more rainbows on the edge.
This screen protector works, it's worth every penny, ...
Highly recommended!!
Excellent Instructions
Stellar protection.
Durable, easy to apply, THEY WORK!
Highly recommended for people that aren't good at installing screen protectors
Easier than expected, second set was almost as good.
Screen Protector Iphone 7
Easy install, good setup kit
Easy as pie.
Durable
5 stars
Crystal clear, when not totally greasy...
These are great!
As Advertised
A very easy way to protect a very expensive iPhone
easy application, good quality
Okay. Gets the job done, but doesn't fit perfectly.
Not the best, I would suggest not buying
Good as advertised!
I’m not real hard on my phone these days but this stuff is tuff as;”&@$/:
Great protector
Best screen protector!
Protection installed!
Just buy.
Highly recommend!
Stands behind warranty
One of the two works awesome -the other is in the trash
If you’re clumsy or if you’re not, this is the protection you deserve.
Amazing Product, Amazing Price
I will buy it again
they have the best customer service
Solid quality
Protects well, easy to apply.
Good product
Just as good as the expensive ones
Amazing textured glass protector !!!
Great Customer Service!
Great quality and value
Easiest Screen Protector to Put on Ever!
Gaps along the edges
It Does NOT Protect
Fantastic Customer Service and Product
This screen protector really works!
Screen protectors
Don’t worry about bubbles.
Great Product - Clear Installation Instructions
Excellent screen protectors
If only the iPhone was as good as the amFilm
Best screen protector I've ever purchased
BUY THESE.
Excellent product!!!
Cheap screen shields
so it feels like your actual screen
Too big for the glass
Great product for a great price and excellent customer service.
my phone screen was in perfect condition! It was the screen protector that cracked
Good screen protector 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Air "bubbles" at first...give it a day or two
Saved twice in a week!
Answered my email within 30 minutes on a Sunday which is awesome. Other than the issue installing them they work ...
It works real good, especially when I have my glasses on (bifocals)
Good value, good quality.
Isn't compatible.
Love it!
Good Customer Service, Bad Product...
Outstanding Product
really good quality
Already peeling off
Amazing!
A quality product I will purchase again
Smartest purchase ever.
Easy to apply and looks strong
Great deal
Not a good application process
No film protecting screen protector in packaging.
Quality screen protector at its finest.
Doesn’t fit iPhone 8
Five Stars
2 screen protectors.
I love this product
Easy Install and Well Supported Product
The instructions were thorough and the cover was easy to install
Better than I hoped - way better.
Easy to install
Doesn’t work.
Best screen protector ever
I highly recommend this product for it probably saved me 120 bucks ...
Excellent - best I've ever used.
Great product with excellent customer service.
The plastic protector cracks pretty easily so I keep having to replace but the ...
Follow the instructions, the screen HAS to be clean and dust free to avoid bubbles.
Doesn't Cover The Entire Touch Screen (Black Screen)
Register quickly or they say
Best Screen Protector Brand
Does it's job well!
Great screen protector!
It is super simple to apply
It saved my new phone!
Great quality awesome price
Disregard the bubbles in my picture!
Picture Perfect!
A PITA to get on.
Easy to apply.  Seems sturdy but I haven't dropped my phone yet.
iPhone still shattered!
Takes some patience to get it installed but works great
I have had some TERRIBLE experiences trying to put screen protectors on phones and ...
Never had a screen protector go on easier!
Quality screen protector!
Easy Install!
Good product
Good fit & quality
Easy to install, but a little too narrow
So disappointed. The stick side was backwards  so I couldn’t even use it.
Just as advertised
They work!
Quality Issues and Probelmatic Instructions
IT WORKS AMAZINGLY!!
Doesn’t fit iPhone 7
It is still usable but would just eventually like to replace it
What more could you ask for!?
so far nothing broke.
A must-own for iPhone owners!!!
Package contains 2. Great value
The only complaint I have is that the screen protector chips and cracks quite easily and I will need to purchase a new one ...
ABSOLUTELY EXCELLENT PRODUCT!
Works for iPhone 7
Saves me $$
Simply awful and cannot be returned!
Excellent ... almost perfect!
The only one I trust
Affordable and durable
Great screen protector
Very easy to apply!
Easy install,almost installed itself
... of the screen protector on an iPhone 8 was easy. During installation of the thin glass I did ...
Does not fit perfectly with Speck CandyShell Grip
Like a Brand New Phone
A must have for the clumsy
This is a great screen protector for a very reasonable price
Crystal clear
These really work!
Works well
First let me say the customer support team was amazing because my issue was solved with in hours of ...
Tough as Nails
Easy to Install
I’ve Dropped my Phone one thousand times and the glass is STILL STANDING!?!
Great price for the product!
Protects the screen well
Grat buy- worth it!
Durable Screen Protector
Easy to apply
Worked out great!
Nice BUT bubbles and dust both times
Great protector at a great price.
Highly Recommended and TechMatte's A1 in Customer Service!
DID NOT PROTECT MY PHONE🥵🥶🤬
Fits my IPhone 6S perfectly!!!!
This is the second time I am testing this phone case
It's better than jetTech!
Saved my phone!
Good quality and price
Great for iphone6s
Great protection for iphone 6s screen
Nice easy application but too narrow.
A Real Deal
Extremely east and simple to install yourself
Good quality and easy install.
Excellent quality, value and documentation!
Great with one caveat...
Great So Far
Does not fit the 6s correctly - Edit: fits as described, but not optimal
MUST HAVE!!
Complete kit
Good product, great customer service with lifetime warranty!
Only brand I buy
So much better than the Belkins!
Easy to apply, works great
Easy to install & fits perfectly!
Great product - makes my screen look shiny and new!
Cracked, but still good!
... new iPhone 8 and it has protected the screen wonderfully. I have a scratch all the way from ...
Great product and excellent customer service
"Get this! Very affordable and it works"
LOVE it and it works great!
Great Price, Great Quality!
Better than most screen protectors
EASY to install!  Great product.
Lifts after short period
Great for 6, 6s.  Not a good product for the iphone 8 at all.
Doesn’t work with Otterbox Defender case
Protector itself cracks too easily
Very Satisfied!
So Far,  So Good
I LOVE this screen protector
Best screen protector there is!
Pretty easy to apply
VERY IMPRESSED!
I highly recommend amFilm Protector Glass for your phone
One of the easiest screen protector installs I've ever done.
... so I have edges of the shield that look like they're going to come off of the screen
... for about a year now and I am so glad that I found these
You didn't know you needed bells and whistles for your screen protector til now...
Worth every penny
Saved my phone!
Good for a basic protection
Great investment
Order this since I saw other good reviews. Arrived quickly and the packaging was very ...
Just buy it
scratches easy and offers 0 shatter protection
Awesome phone screen protector!!!
exaggeration on the glass part but worth the price!
Phone savers!!!
Not good for iPhone 8
Good quality, easy to put on, wish they were a tiny bit wider for 6S.
Great product
Small ... very narrow.
Decent kit good quality fair price
Life saving when you have a smart phone
Great Product, could use better instructions
Life of the item is appropriate for the cost.
Doesn’t protect against real falls
2 screens included
Easy install, good product, great company
Great screen protector!!
Best screen protector!
Highly recommend.
not good quality
Worthless
I just love this product and their customer care
Consistently satisfied
All features, e.g. durability, great pictures and quality material.
Saved my screen
Great screen protector, but could be a little wider
I won’t go back.
Decent purchase for the price you pay
the application was very clean and easy. There are no scratches on the protector and ...
Family got 4 new iPhone 6s' so we bought 4 of these and they installed easily and work well on the phone
Excellent, and crash tested!
One edge did not stick well
Not all brands are the same
Fantastic quality for the price.
This protector is fantastic, must have for iPhone 7
One came cracked but the other held up on my phone.
Works fine - but read instructions!
Great Product & Great Customer Service
Great Screen Protector
Excellent quality. Easy to install. Withstood many impacts without failure.
Not durable
Looked great for 1 day
Easy application for a lot of protection!
Product seems to be great. Only had it on a week so no ...
Good screen protector for iPhone 7
Excellent.
I used to think that these harder screen protectors might ...
Easy to use!!!
Sides and edges do not stick
Included Installation and Cleaning Materials
Great price, great product
About a week in…
Screen Protector= A+
Only source for screen protectors
Better than plastic
Best protector for the money
Perfect and easy
Cheap, effective, and great customer service!
Amazing customer service great product!
Saved our daughter’s phone!
Quality and Ease of Application
Really great screen protector!!
This screen protector isn’t that great. I dropped my iPhone and I noticed I ...
Love the tabs that make installation a breeze!
As Advertised, TechMatte Saved the Screen
I was satisfied on my first order so I keep on ordering ...
Broke easily and left residue on phone screen
These WORK!
Great screen protector for the right price!
Wanted to like it but it didn't live up to the hype
YES
Easiest installation ever...
Screen turns dark from under the glass protector
Nice quality - but a little too big
Great screen protection for a great price
Works like it should
So far so good
It cracks easily
Glass protector is essential! It works.
5 Stars all the way.
Note that there are 2 screenshot in the package.
Great Customer Service and quality
Durable Surface, Fully Functional
Love the Product and the Price
Saved my phone from gravel drop
Screen Protector was very easy to put on especially if you followed the directions
Easy to install, Fantastic Glass!
Awesome screen protection!
I'm now a forever fan of this company!
Dropped phone face down on pavement - no damage to phone!
An absolute MUST for EVERY phone!
great product - made our iphone like new
Easy to Install, quality product
Great buy
Great glass screen protection
Great Screen Protector at Better Price!
Great Replacement Protector
Will protect the screen, just not seal on the edges.
Only had it for two days but I love this screen protector
I really like tabs they add to the glass covering -- makes ...
Great value, would buy again
The best investment you can make for your phone
Perfect for me
The instructions are easy to follow.
It saved my phone.
The way it adheres to the screen is like magic. No wet messes to deal with
Protector has saved my phone's screen multiple times!
I liked this screen protector a lot better than the last ...
Doesn't attach to the sides well.
These work great!
Great value, solid protection.
Love!
quality screen protector
Amazing quality!
Awesome value
Perfecct
Worth it
this is the best screen protector I have every bought (10s)
best bang for the buck
Everything lined up perfectly on my iPhone 7
Edges need more adhesive
Great product, great price!
Happy with this purchase!
AMAZING! Saved my screen from cracking
Works like it's not even there.
Doesn't work
great product
Solid Choice
Nice protector, wish it covered the entire active area with a slight overlap.
Never going to use plastic again
This Is A Sensational Screen Protector!
good product, easy to put on
Installation was very easy. At first I thought screen was too thick
Not as good as the iPhone X version
Damn nice!
Great product for a great price
Comes with dust already on the adhesive
I recommend this.
Easy application, looks and works amazingly
Protected my phone from a drop, company sent a replacement!
Mu favorite screen covers
but my actual iphone screen was fine! No scratches or cracks have gotten through the ...
but I'm happy I still have a screen
they work great and I have yet to crack my actual phone ...
Can’t beat their customer service! A+
Awesome protection
Good product....great price.
Easy on, and works great.
Dont waste your momey
Legit Screen Protector
Feels very natural and there is no problem with the ...
Good quality and price
Excellent. Come in sets of two very well packaged
Quality issues
Good a first blush
Screen Clear
By far the best screen protector!
Great protection
Very smooth feel just like phone screen
Good deal!
It is perfect and looks like it was installed at the AT&T ...
Awesome installation
Outstanding value and protection
It looks like they’re (screen protector) both the same size but the ...
Easy to apply!
Super Easy To Install
Good protection easy to install
Does not stick *update
Great screen protection
Came with dust on adhesive side
Looks Good but I don't expect it to protect major damage
Excellent quality includes all you need
Can’t beat the price!
Great Quality, Great Value, Great Deal!
Instant, perfect installation!
Perfect
if i could give this 0/5 stars i would
Easy Installation with Great Result
It works
Did not protect my screen in a minor drop.
Great Glass Protector
I just keep dropping my phone they are easy to apply and look and work great
Easy to Apply
Meh
It really brightens up pics from your camera.
Don’t hesitate to purchase these!!
Affordable but dependable
Worked well until I dropped my phone...
Pretty good protector overall
Great buy!!!
Saved My Screen Within Days of Application
Love the case, but one screen protector was broken.
I thought my screen was cracked but when I went into the Apple store they pulled off the screen protector and my screen was fine. The Apple staff said that the screen protector ...
Affordable and works well
Our son dropped his phone 4 days after aplacing the ...
Solid performing protection, Clear and Smooth to the Touch
Great customer service
Works great
Great protection!
I was not pleased because of the size and then when I realized ...
Does not protect against falls
Excellent, well thought through product
I'm please so far....
Used to be a plastic screen protector fan but...
Very reliable screen protector and easy to install!
Good product.
Great screen protector
Great screen protector
Too many air bubbles
Did NOT protect phone!
Great Screen Protector
Overall decent screen protector. The issue I have with ...
Super easy to install
NO AIR BUBBLES! AWESOME!
Happy, Returning Customer
Quickly Damaged
I love this product and feels and looks like my other ...
Not there yet
Not durable at all
Crystal clear, no bubbles on the first attempt!
Excellent Product
Great product, works extremely well
My 2nd purchase, this 1 gift.
Good screen protector
Amazing product!
Great screen protectors
easy to install unlike the old ones which had loads ...
it was only the protector that was cracked and the screen was in 100% perfect condition! I wish the picture showed how shattered ...
These are Fantastic
Good product, am happy with my purchase!
Best Screen Protector
Good quality for the price!
Easy installation, small but fits iPhone 7
Not bad, but not great
Phenomenal quality and prices
Terrible for iPhone 8
great set! the screen protector was easy to apply ...
Fantastic product and company
screen protector kit...
The ultimate screen protector! Can't recommend highly enough!
Maximum protection
Easy to install
Couldn’t get rid of the halo affect
Great protection for your phone
Tempered glass for temper tantrums... lol
Works as designed!!!
Love these screen protectors!
Works
There is 2 in the package. The first one ...
Happy with purchase
so far this works great.
Great screen protector!
It worked!!!
Find this for $1 at Dollar Tree
Good protection
My go to screen protector
Awful! Scratches easily with normal use!
Screen protector  for dummies!
Best so far!
Great Product
Great product
Don’t recommend
... two for $8 on Amazon and apply the screens easily yourself. Love the tempered glass over any plastic ...
The tabs are a great idea to help with installation but it would be ...
Great screen protector with excellent customer service
I now feel much more comfortable with my new phone
The perfect screen protector for i phone
Easy to apply
Saved our butts
Good for the price!
Good quality screen
Perfect Protector
this is a "hard" cover which is great..
Excellent Screen Protector
Not impressed
Great protection for iPhone
This Screen Protector is legit
Best glass screen protector I’ve used
Tried them all and this one is the best
Easy to install
Screen protector- 2 years on 1
Quality product!!
Best so far
Works as it says! This is the second time ...
Quality has become terrible.
Lifetime Guarantee!!!
Must buy
Quick replacement
Might Have to Use Both to Get Good Application
I had a bad experience buying another shield by another brand here on ...
protects my iphone screen perfectly
Very nice product!
Best screen protector!
Great product at great price, easy application and quick delivery!
As Described
this company made it easy with great instructions and also received an email with ...
Gaps at the sides of iPhone 8
Nice screen protector, perfect fit
Zero bubbles!
Best protector out there !
Acutally Enhances the look of the screen on the iPhone 6
Every phone should have one!
Easy installation and good product, but there are drawbacks.
Great screen, easy to install.
... them a protector for my Nintendo Switch which is perfect and I love it
Excellent Value
Flimsy
So far, toddler-proof!!
Clear Instructions & Includes everything needed to install.
... tempered glass screen protector kit is one of the best I've ever used on any of the iPhones I've ...
This recent one was ordered for my friend because I so highly recommended it. Always my go to screen protectors
High Quality Glass
These screen protector is AMAZING. I suggest everyone has one of these on ...
a perfect bubble free fit
Not much of a screen protector... at all
Great screen protection for my iPhone 8!
Easy Installation
Works great!
Quick Delivery, Clear Instructions, Awesome Price
Durable, withstands falls, doesn't crack the real screen
Too good to be true!
It just feels so much more natural and sturdy than those flimsy plastic covers
Lasting and honest, but difficult
Has done its job.
SAVED MY PHONE
Dumbbell Proof!
The Ultimate Protection
Howard
Highly recommended
The instructions were easy to follow and I was able to apply the ...
Outstanding product, great value, incredible customer service.
Love this screen protector
I like it
The Best!
Smart purchase!
Does what it says -cheap
Bubble that won't go away
So far so good! I've only had it on for a short ...
Great product for a great price!!
Best cover out there
Saved me big $$$$&&
Not durable
Thick protective screen!
Easy to install, great quality!
Would not recommend.
Phone ran over by cars!
Saved my iPhone!
The explanation was easy to follow
Great protector
Has worked so far.
Great investment
Needs to be bigger
INCREDIBLE!!!
Easy to Apply
Exactly what I expected. (Updated)
Excellent insurance for the inevitable accident
Awesome product, even awesome-er customer service
Great product!
Excellent!!
Worse than not having a protector
Very good product
Broke the next day!!
Easy to apply and Clean
Great value for money!
Great Kit!
The only reason why it lost a star is because it seems like the glass is extra easy to break or scratch
Nice protection, use youtube vid for install
Very pleased with this product
Perfect for the iPhone 7
Excellent tips! Excellent tools & accessories! Excellent result! Thanks!
Best Screen  Protector EVER!
Quick and easy screen protection.
Much cheaper than a new screen!
Look no further
Durable
Works great!
screen protector
Get one...you won't be sorry!
Protected my dropped phone!
Helpful video for installation
Get it perfect first time or else
Good Investment
Has saved me twice in 6 months!
Awesome product
Great Protector
great customer service, super easy install
Easy to apply, same as more expensive version at store
GREAT product, FANTASTIC customer service!
Good thick screen protector
You and your phone need this
Great service and material; short on fit.
I thought it was great. However
Solid quality and remarkable dexterity
Clear HD View
Worth it!
Great purchase!
Like all others - doesn't seal at edges
Don't Use IPhone Without It
so good. It’s a bit nerve wracking to place this ...
Not scratch resistant at all
Easy to install and looks great!
Toddler-proof
wouldn't recommend this one.
Great value, excellent protection.
Quality & Customer Service
Clear protection
Great product
Really impressive
Does it's job
Very nice product. The glass does not impair the touch ...
Does a great job protecting my screen
Does its job fairly well!
Worth the price
Great product...fits iPhone7 as described in the instructions.
Best in the Biz
My brother gave me one and since then we have bought four and they are absolutely amazing! 2 come in a package which is really .
Very good screen protectors!
So far so good
Works great - has protected the screen from multiple drops!
This screen protector does not fit an Apple IPhone 6s
Saved my phone screen!
Easy to put on and works well. Minor issue with size.
They look and work great. i would definitely purchase again
great deal easy to use
Save Your Phone!
Very easy install!
It does the job!
Works great as described, with a little help.
Easy to use; looks good
Awesome
Follow the instructions, simple to apply.
Tempered glass is light years better than the plastic covers
Works well for the price. Does not completely adhere to screen.
Great Buy!
Just as good as the expensive ones.
Good Deal
Possibly the best 8 bucks I ever spent
Good value at a great price!
Screen cracks without dropping phone
The protector doesn't extend to the edge of the phone so make sure you buy a sturdy phone case to protect the edges
Break the screen protector during a fall, not your screen!
Garbage
Excellent Product and Customer Service!!
Good product
Fantastic screen protector
easy to assemble and does the job
Good quality, has kept my phone safe for years!
Just like at store
Good fit, protective, feels nice, looks nice
Nice Protector
Easy to install and well worth the investment.
Fits beautifully
Worked gread on i-phone 6s
Great product, easy to install
The best screen protector I have ever found.
Great product! Would recommend.
Excellent Screen Protector
There's clear instruction on how to place it on your screen and the process was rather easy if you follow the instructions
Protect that investment. These protectors will save it
well I have to put in a claim for the screen and that's money wasted. Long story short
Lasts surprisingly well
I love my screen protector
Not very often you get a product that is easy to install
Great protector at 1/3 the cost of Apple Store
GOAT SCREEN PROTECTORS
Already paid for itself
Saved my phone’s screen!
Absolutely saved my phone
Air bubbles everywhere.
Easiest application ever
Amazing, especially for the price
they are amazing, I dropped my phone a bunch of times ...
Great protection!
I’ll never use any other kind of screen protector again!!
Does not stick around edges
it's easy, quick
Screen protection made EZ
Good, But Doesn't Fit Screen Fully
Humidity makes the difference!!
The installation was super easy. I was worried that I wouldn't be ...
So worth the buy!!!
Used it multiple times and always have one on my phone
If I could give them no stars I would. ...
GREAT screen protectors at a price that can't be beat!
The phone was in perfect condition. No cracks
Appears to be a good protector
Great Product!
Glass Scren Protector
WOW, the Screen Stays Clean as a Whistle (and it's Strong, too).
easy to apply
I like the ease of application
Great application method
Working well so far. Looks great - very clear!
Highly recommended for ease of installation
Brilliantly Designed
Excellent
Works great.
Great screen protector
Covers around 90% of the screen. I got some ...
Very happy - Update - not so happy
Well, nah, maybe
I've used better screen protectors
Clear instructions, prep supplies included
Bang for your buck on screen protection.
Easy to place on phone and barely notice it there
and came with everything needed to install it easily and properly
Must Have for your New Phone
Screen cracked, but the proctector didn’t
but I followed the instructions and this came out beautifully. (Took about 2 min)
Great deal!
Fantastic, speedy, no-questions warranty service (and great protection)
High Quality.  Low Price.  I will suggest to a Friend!!
Small cost to protect a large investment
Great protection for your screen!
Will buy this again over and over
Very good for the price
Great instructions and proven durability
This is my 3rd purchase of this screen protector. ...
Really great screen protector.
Excellent protection for your phone!
So far so good
This really works!
Better than the best!
Watch the edges
I am pleased with the purchase for the price
Works great except...
everything was just like brand new
I loved that the package came with all of the necessary ...
My 2nd Purchase of these Great Screen Protectors!
These work perfectly and are super easy to apply if you follow the directions (or ...
Excellent protector, highly recommend!!
Great packaging and tools, but got air bubbles after using their cloth...
I'm very impressed how considerate this product is. It ...
Ordered a second and it doesn’t fit right
Really Excellent Product
Love this screen protector!
So simple even an engineer can do it.
Screen protecter shattered, not a scratch on phone!
Bad adhesive quality. But great customer service.
Happy with it overall
Extremely Easy to Apply
Stellar protector!
Does not really fit the iPhone 7 well
Works great
Wonderful! Absolutely wonderful
we were hoping for something better and easier to use
Five Star First Impression
easy to apply
Simple to put on
Good project
Egh
A MUST! These put Otterbox and Lifeproof cases with screen protectors to SHAME,
Don't usually write reviews, but this is a wonderful product.
Easily the worst protectors I've tried.
Imperfections in glass
Great Screen Protector.
An all around good product.
Ima KLUTZ
This product and company is amazing. I currently bought this product for myself and ...
30 = How much my blood pressure goes up every time I install one of these. Apple should ship them pre-installed!!!
Not for an iPhone 8 (maybe not for 7 too)
does not fit on iphone 8's
Sturdy protection from scratches
Best iPhone screen protector - easy to put on!
Easy install on iPhone 8 and awesome price
Easy install!
Easy to install and compatible with any case
Not durable
The best there is
Great quality at a low price.
This appears to be a great product. GREAT PRICE and easy to install
Fantastic product!
Must Have!
Very impressed!
Awesome cover & easy to install
Didn't work
Easy Peasy
The installation of this iPhone 7 screen protector was easy. The package comes with two protectors
Perfect for your money!
Didn’t hate it
Great product!!!
I'm on my 2nd one, and the 1st one ...
Very Easy to Install
The best bang for your buck!
READ THE DIRECTIONS!
Great screen protector
Thanks to the screen protector my phone was perfectly fine. I am about to buy more to keep ...
Half Perfect Half Scratched
Works & fit perfectly!
Good product. Easy to install. Does what it is intended to do.
I am not great at applying these screen protectors - I got it ...
Be very careful handling the screen protector
Easy install
You get what you pay for with this
Great quality and even better servicr
But it works and is a very nice protector. I wish I had understood the product ...
Great Customer Service
Best Screen Protector Ever
Perfect Screen Protector
Amazon does it again.
Great Value for Money
Horrible product!
Works Beautifully
Nicely done
Saved my phone
Seem to work..as long as they are supposed to break instead
Works as Advertised, Much Cheaper than a New Screen
Great instructions on how to apply
Great screen protector
My go to screen protector; inexpensive
Outlived my phone
Works for my iphone 8
Easy to install on my iPhone 7
My phone's screen still cracked
Excellent and well protected!
Great screen protector
Great Screen Protector
Amazing product for the right price
Protected phone after so many drops!
Great product, great company!
Top quality, great price
Love these!
Good quality.
All the necessary tools for applying screen is in this box. Great!
It was nice to receive an email asking how I liked the ...
Works great on my iPhone 6S
Once you try these screen protectors you will NEVER buy any other brand.
good protector
Good quality for a low price!
Great Product
Good quality, complete package.
Good product, fair price, relatively easy application.
Super easy to put on!
Only Received One and it’s Not Useable
Easy installation.  I don't even realize its there.
Easily chipped
Directions are great and what's included in the package is more than ...
... this glass on my wife's phone and it looks great and was easy to install
Easy to install and feels durable
Continues to be good product from good provider
Great value; great product
great design allows for ease of installation
so far, so good
Easy install
Worth it for the price.
Love these protectors.
but the glass beneath was fine.
but fortunately the actual iPhone screen was completely protected and didn't ...
Easy to apply without bubbles, quality screen protector!
Doesn’t cover front facing camera :/
Really does protect the screen!
Protector Glass 2-Pack by TechMatte - really pleased with the product
Great quality for the price.
Fabulous Customer Service
Ease of application
Great customer service!
The protector is nice and clear and adheres really well
Held up when dropped
Great, wish I had purchased sooner.
Quality and service- what more can you ask!
Works Okay
happy so far
Great product, great price
Highly reccommend!!
I am now on screen protector #7. So far no broken screens just the protector. Easy to install.
Great product, Great packaging, Great instructions.
A great way to add a 'layer of protection/ to your ...
Success on first attempt
Very impressed
Great screen protector for a good price
Best customer service and best screen protector out there! This is my second purchase!
Great value
Amazing instructions/preparation
Screen protector
Great deal, great product!
AWESOME iPhone screen protector
This was so easy and so perfect
Awesome customer service, great screen protector
Doesn’t seal/cling at the edges.
Perfection in Protection
Perfect
These are excellent
Worth the buy: Easy to install and arrived in perfect condition.
Does a great job
Excellent screen protector with easy application
Breaks Very Easily
Saved my phone from a crack after the kiddo dropped it.
Solid enough
Great Product!!!
Glad I purchased
Great feel. Great price. Only 1 con
IT DID ITS JOB!!!! 😃
Cracked without a drop.
This was easy to put on
Multiple purchases
Great screeen protector!
Quality product
Crash Test
Dropped my phone with a cheap case!
Best screen protector ever!
og screen protector
Best screen protector with even better price
I have used this screen protector for 18 months. ...
Perfect and easy to to!
nice
Easy install but not fullproof protection as expected
Wrong size in every possible way
Fantastic
Easily installed in just minutes!!
Good
Great Protection
Perfect fit to my iphone 8
Cracks easily
Can't beat the price
Shatters quickly
Super easy to install, high quality screen
It does not cover face of phone
Saved my screen when I dropped my phone in the Grand Canyon
Good quality for price
Best value for top-notch gear
A+
Terrific screen protector
I have never had a screen protecter crack so easily or cause my screen to crack
Ehhhhh...
Way cheaper than at the phone store but quality is the same.
Absolutely a great screen protector
I love this screen protector
Both crack from being in my pocket
Worked perfectly on 6S and 7. I had an ...
Would buy again.
Great screen protector
Awesome screen protector for a great price!
Love it! It's exactly what I ordered
Highly recommend!
Works great
Easy to install and much better price than some at ...
Met expectations
Fantastic screen protector
One of the best screen protectors I've used!
Easy does it
Works!
Easy install
Works!!!
Peace of mind knowing my screen is protected
Simple to install and good looking product
Great protection for any device
Very happy with this product!
Easy to apply
Terrible looking product
Easy to apply & saved my screen from the curb!!
Good purchase and price!
Awesome screen protectors!
Don’t waste your money
it does work well and was very easy to apply
Couldn't be happier
Glad it comes with two
So far the product is great and just as good as the more expensive ones
Really works
you wont be disappointed.
Does the job
So far so good
Ease of placement
Excellent, simple design
The best value in screen protection!
Saved my husband's iPhone screen.
Definitely need it if you have the iPhone
Great product
Consistently great product and wonderful customer service
Great durability!
VERY nice screen protector!
GREAT PRODUCT!! SATISFIED
Spider Proof
Great Product
Will buy again
It was just disappointing that I thought this was a good product but the second protector didn't work at all ...
Love it
Needs tabs for initial placement
Exactly what I was looking for!
Easy to install, easy to push out bubbles, feels sturdy
I am very pleased with my purchase of the TechMatte screen protector
Hands down the best screen protector I ever used
This is the best Screen Protector I have ever purchased
Stick with plastic.
Great protector, amazing warranty and customer service
Severe halo effect on iPhone 8
The Glass Works
Doesn't work
Well worth the price
The best screen protetors
Good enough for the price
Great product and amazing customer service
Definitely buy this
Good price, easy installation, great result!
Great product, awesome customer service.
Will protect your screen
Fantastic product
The best scratch protector!
Just buy it!!
Painless, trouble free installation.
easy assemble, looks good
This is like my 5th time buying this brand
Reliable screen protector
Best screen protector out there
Cracked in a day!
Worth the modest price.
Well - the Techmatte protector went on VERY easy on my daughter's iPhone 7
Excellent
Must have for every iPhone!!!
because so far everything is great, but we only have had them for a ...
iPhone 8 screen protector
second time I have bought the glass. has protected ...
It works
A must item!
Small price to protect expensive investment
Fast shipping, great price, amazing product
Durable, easy to clean. Worth the price
AMAZING product, AMAZING customer service
Nice, just smooth edges at home button
Great screen protector for iPhone 6s
So far it's holding up as expected
Nice size plus nice design makes it a great buy !
Perfect fit
Saved my phone!
Nothing to compare it to
Does it's job well
Ease of application, and great quality
GREAT Product
So so
Looked good doesn’t last
Works
Nice product and great value
Tough screen for cheap
Video looks easy enough, but it can be tricky
Glass screen proctor
... these glass screen protectors and thus far I’m very happy with them
Great product at a very reasonable price
Good quality
This is a nice tempered glass screen protector
Saved my Iphone's life after Hard Fall!
Almost good
Easy to install
Buy it and save yourself the money.
Great Screen Protector
I’ve dropped my phone a few times and my screen is fine. The sticker takes the abuse
Proved itself to be effective
A savior from falls
Does the Job
Screen Protector Saves Lives
Amazing !!! Thank god for this
These have saved my phone screen many times. Ever ...
Just installed it and already love it.
The product came well packaged with very well written directions (and a video link) for easy application. Very pleased
Great product.
Great protector!
Marks on the glass and unable to remove it from my phone
Great quality and great price
I love them. They are a great price
A perfect fit and easy to apply
I'm really happy with this product
Fortunately, I already had a glass screen protector on ...
Product was easy to put on and is used with a Speck ...
Undecided :/
Great screen protector
Best screen protector I've used so far, but...
Not recommended. Not sticking on edges
It works!!
Fantastic!!
Zero shattered screen
Just as good as more expensive one!
WOW!!!!!
Great protection
Worked as expected
This a great price for a good screen protector
Great protector
Doesn't lay flat at long edges
Great but a bit small
Good but one wasn’t sticking
This is not glass but very thin plastic.  BEWARE
Best screen protector
Easy installation and good product
Amazing quality product - you'll love it!
My favorite quality screen protector
... this for a couple months and so far so good but I also haven't dropped my phone yet to ...
Includes everything you need to install yourself
Tough and ready to go!
They work great and they will give you a hassle-free refund if ...
Great protection
EASY TO APPLY
GET ONE
Great product!!!!
Great Lens Protector
I'm a klutz and thisvworks
Great product. Easy installation
happy so far with purchase
Great value for a great product
Worked for me
Awesome screen cover
Simple application, quality glass, backed up by great customer service (if required).
Excellent product for an excellent price!
I was pretty upset thinking I'd been ripped off or lied to
Lifesaver
I have to say this screen protector was ridiculously easy to install
The cover was easy to apply (as easy as any protective cover can ...
Happy and a good choice
Quality Product
Durable and protects screen well
Great packaging and product
Great Buy!
Saved my screen
Perfect glass cover
Almost perfect
Good screen protector for the price
Saved my phone screen time and time again!
Best Screen Protector EVER!!
Saved my screen!
This is a great screen protector and very courteous company. Will buy again.
Clear screen 📺
very easy to install and thick unlike previous ones I have ...
Great customer service and warranty!
Great product
It's fun and effective!
Screens were very easy install and the package was complete with all the ...
Actually Protected My Screen
It Really Works!
Really good quality for the price
Great value
Awesome.
saved my phone
Easy to use, does its job well
Dropped my iPhone 8s hard -- screen is fine.
my experience
Great protector with one small issue
I turned it over to reveal my worst nightmare, the entire screen was shattered and my ...
Great protection for iPhone 6S
... this screen protector for about 3 weeks and really like it. My only issue is with user error ...
Installation is a bit tricky.
Protected Screen from Accident / Company replaced broken screen in 3 days
Must have screen protector
Love it!
Great Product and service!
Works great!
Air bubbles around edge. Came scratched and scuffed up.
You get what you pay for, brakes easily
Great value easy to install protector
Do not buy
Good screen protector
Easy Installation
Great, but doesn't cover the entire front of the phone.
Best you can get !!
These screen protectors are great. Well packaged with all the items and instructions ...
light years better than the films
Definitely saves your screen!
Not compatible with iPhone 8
Great Screen Protector for iPhone 7
Happy with the product so far
I cannot emphasize enough how inhumanely handsome that amazing man is
highly recommended
Making it easier to line up.
Bought these when I got my phone 10 months ago ...
DO NOT BELIEVE THE REVIEWS. ID GIVE them zero STARS
It responds like there is no protective glass cover there
Great product at a fantastic price.
Ok but....
Great product and NO BUBBLES!!
Not too shabby
Great protector, definite buy for iphones!
My go to!!
Shattered screen under protector
This is the best screen I’ve ever purchased
Must buy to protect your phone screen!
Really great screen protector
Best Screen Protector Ever Used
Great product
Awesome glass protection
A Phone LIfesaver for sure!
High value and high quality product with slight edge over competitors
Peel off your screen spider cracks!!
Good fit & Easy to apply
Went on with only one small bubble, the bubble ...
2 screens in the box
The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is ...
Great product K
just read and follow the instructions
Low price but great quality
Product is as described and was easy to put on the phone
great for a cheap way to protect your screen
Fits perfectly
This is a must buy.
Easy to apply and great protection
Easy to install w/o bubbles
SAVES PHONE SCREENS!
Very pleased with this product
Works great
Great kit!
Will not buy again
So impressed
I was concerned if that would be a problem operating my smart phone, but it has worked perfectly so far ...
Great product. Used one and saved one but sister ...
Great protection
Glad they put two in a pack
Easy to install, excellent protection
Can't rave enough
but it wasn't as easy as previous similar products I have used
Goes on in ONE simple shot!
Great stuff
Cracked within a week or so.
Could only use one of the screen protectors in this pack
Smmoth as silk
WOW factor for this screen protector
iPhone screen protector
Fits great and looks good but
Great protection
Phone Savior!
Halo around the edge of my 6s
Good packaging and easy to apply package
Awesome Fit!
Great protector with great instructions
You Have A New Customer For Life
Easy to install, comes with wet/dry wipe, no bubbles, protect your investment!
As advertised
LOVE THIS PRODUCT
Great!
Great coverage and protection
Not a great as I’d hoped.
A great product
Simply put - great product and super easy install!
Pretty good!
Great Product!
Crack these! Not your screen!
Must buy - good value
Does what is is meant to do.
Very Pleased
The screen protectors you need!
Fits well onto phone
Protects already cracked screen
Easy to apply ~ good quality! iPhone 8
Very Durable
Excellent product
Hard to go wrong with this screen protector !
Easy to apply
Have to press hard to text with it on
Good for price
Not sticking
Love this protector
The perfect kit to assure no bubbles form
Great screen protector
Great screen protector
Would be better if they applied more easily
Great protector, especially for the price.
Very good screen protector
easy to follow directions and super easy to put on
Easy application
Best screen protector!!
Ifantastic product
Delivered as promised, just slightly too small width than my expectation
Great protection!
Read directions
Great product!
Watch the size! Doesn't fit 6S!
Great Product
Spend the Extra money for a quality screen
Saved my phone!!
Great
saved time and money
Good Quality Screen Protector
Awesome for the price
Be sure to clean your screen as instructed and use the provided tools to ensure the best installation possible
I’m happy!
Backup plan I hope to never need!
I’ll resubmit a revised review if the problem goes away!
Great screen protector
Works really well and is very easy to apply
Great product
Break too easily with normal use
If you have an iphone you should have one of these
Works just as well as expensive one!
Think it protects ok, corner chipped cracked within a ...
Great product
Smooth As Silk
ummmmmmm
WASTE OF MONEY
Love it
( But this one seems to be better quality. Easy to apply
I see why it's highly rated and recommended!
Stayed on and covered cracks well
A Goid Product st a Good Price
Doesn't change the sensitivity of the touch screen.
Good for price and warrantied
Love this screen protector
Bullet proof vest
Good fit.
eh
Thankful
Scratched the First day
Highly recommend
This screen protector was very easy to install
This is how you save yourself from buying phone screens.
Say goodby to bubbles
Great!
Not bad, but not great...
Love my glass screens
Cracked Screen
Product feels like it is very protective--certainly against scratches
I was very pleased with the packaging
Amazing Product!
Great product, great deal
Great!
Great customer service
which had always seemed super expensive and kind of too much for me
Easy to install
Excellent, Functional Product !!!!!!!!!
Great item, great value
Good Protection
My phone was just fine. It is super easy to install
Can crack easily
Great Purchase!
iPhone 7 user
needless to say I hated it so I purchased the techarmor one that covers ...
Shattered phone screen
Terrible company, screen lifted off after 2 days
Great Product!!
Love these. Bought them twice now
They give you everything you could possibly need in the package.
Good deal and protects well.
True protector
Great screen protector
Perfect for the clumsy phone holders
Pros: The product shipped quickly, and the package ...
The instructions are very clear and easy to follow with diagrams and number labeled packets holding ...
Very easy installation with no air bubbles
It works!
It’s warranty and it’s durability
Helped my phone survive a fall on the train tracks
great buy for the price and the quality is good
Great Product
High Recommend!
I am IN LOVE with the product AND the customer service!!
Simple Installation, a Great Product
Meh
It works
The worst of the worst
A+
Looks awful. 3 - Stars
Great screen protector, very easy to apply
Works
Great Value!
Easy to install, great price, and there are two
Application procedure seems to be better than other products since it has two tabs that ...
Great installation kit and great quality protector
They don’t adhere all the way!
Excellent product
You get what you pay for...
Great for 6 and 6s
Great
Good Screen Protector
Definitely a great choice!
Great
Very good product and service.
Thumbs up!
Highly Recommend!
but phone is perfect.
Works Amazingly
Will be buying again
Good thing its a 2 pack
The best screen protector
Totally Unsatisfactory
This fits iPhone 7 without any issues
Very helpful company and awesome customer service!
Worked
Awesome
it looks great with better coverage than a different brand that my ...
I'm notorious for breaking screens on my phones. When ...
Great product
... three separate times and not because the product breaks easily, but because I am a very clumsy individual ...
Not good
Love it, great choice.
Worth the price!
Toughest I've had
Decreased response
Best ever.
Very good screen protector.
Too small.
Great product!!
Very easy to apply
Does it’s job buuuuut
Good buy
Good Value, Great Product!
fits perfect
Poorly Designed, Waste of Money, DO NOT BUY
Glass protector is great. It went on easily
Great as always
Have patience putting this on
Instructions were very good. I never install these myself since I screw ...
but still work great if you have a case with raised edges
Saved my screen!!
So far, all is as promised.
Great buy
Dropped my iphone on the concrete driveway. It landed ...
Best value/quality combo!
Great product, great price
Phone saver!
Best glass screen protector yet
Be sure to watch the installation video!
Seems to be of good quality. Instructions are straightforward and easy to understand
Highly recommend!
Easy to install
Don't buy it
Best thing I did for my iPhone 7
They seem great
While this one is not my favorite bu far
Perfect.
Buy it
Is not durable at all
... for my two iPhone 6 phones and they worked great and lasted a long time
Crap like all the other protectors; iphone sides do not stick
Best EVA!!!
These screen protector's are wonderful. My 13 month old has decided that my ...
Quick, easy, and awesome!
Seems greasy
Nicely designed tempered glass screen protectors.
Did not protect my phones screen
... ago for my iphone 6s and this is a GREAT product. After reading the reviews and knowing that ...
It's cheap & it works
Great price and a really good product and you will ...
These have saved my phone screen!
Great product; impressive warranty service!
Works perfect
Very satisfied.
Good Value
Love this screen protector
Just got it and the instructions were very easy to understand
Great product and even better customer service!
Perfect for my iPhone 6s
Thick and Strong
Great product for the iPhone 7!
Well-reviewed protectors at a good price
Very easy to apply
Seem to work just fine
Great Price, Great Product
I'm so glad it came with two so I could swap out ...
Great product
Best screen protector I've ever used
Does not protect against drops like other/better tempered glass screens.
Worth it,  grab a couple
Great product!
Easy to install and 100x better than an flimsy/plastic screen ...
As advertised...
Excellent product which exceeds my expectations
Excellent protection Proven
Not a lifetime warranty
The best
Great directions and customer support
High quality, good value
Friendly, Fast, & Helpful
Really protects your phone.
Strong and durable, but hard to keep dust out.
Great so far
Good product
Durability Proven!
I like it so far!
Happy So Far
A bit tricky to install
DURABLE AND EFFECTIVE
Not reliable at all
Glass cover
Does what it advertises.
Terrible quality.
Great
Finally, a screen protector that was easy to apply and actually works!
Barely fits an iPhone 7
Great screen protector
Give this one a try.
These work just as good, if not better than a leading competitor
Comes with Life Time Warranty*
I got after upgrading my phone. This screen protector ...
Very easy to install
Good product
Scratches easily as well
Works great!
Easy install & no fingerprints
The screen protector was easy to put on my iPhone 6S
Life saver!!
Great item!
Installation was very simple and the product is excellent. I would highly recommend this item and am ...
There is no better screen protector
Highly recommend product & Great customer service
So far so good. I really don't like how it doesn't cover ...
Easy to Install.  Great Clarity
GET IT... YOU WON'T REGRET IT
Best value for tempered glass
Easy to put on but don’t last long
Buy no
It does it's job well.
Good screen protector
Good protection
Great product, easy application
Do not use for IPhone 7
Like it’s not even there
Quality Product
Doesn’t hold up, cracks easily
IT WORKS GREAT!
very good
Awesome!
Unfortunately still got a crack... but still would recommend
Brilliant product at a good price
Quality
Great post sale customer service
Easy Install!
Great!
Great product, highly recommend it.
SO PERFECT! Usually when I buy glass screen protectors
Edges lift off screen
So far, so good.
Great product & AMAZING customer service!
Happy with it
Dont Looks elsewhere for a great screen protector
They give you every thing you need for easy and quick application of the screen protector
Good product, alright fit
Very good brand
Docked a star as it doesn't sit well at the ...
Great customer service
Good quality for less money
Already peeling off
Five Stars
quality and affordable! highly recommend!
Easy installation
High quality solution
Don't buy
Best Screen Protectors
Least favorite protector so far
Don't know how they got recommended by AMAZON
Works great
Perfect and GREAT Costomer Service
They work and are simple to put on.
My wife purchased the more expensive version recommended for Otterboxes
The protector went on easily enough, but I have 2 small persistent bubbles ...
It saved me.
Actually does what it needs to protect your screen.
Screen cracked from 14 inch fall onto bare carpet.
Best protection
LOVE THESE!
Super Easy install
Good Quality!
Works Well
It works!
Easy application and they give you all the supplies needed
Fantastic
Great customer service definitely a company I recommend
Read and follow the instructions.
Satisfied customer
I purchased this item my mistake. I need an ...
It is not a glass screen protector.  It is plastic film.
Poor adhesive
Great product. Like how easy it is to put ...
MUCH better than that tacky "film" which bubbles up on you. A beautiful CLEAR shatter-resistant PROTECTION for your iPhone
This product has changed... :(
Looks good
Saved my iphone 8 screen
Just what I wanted and needed
Impressed
Probably the best screen protectors we've used.
Easy to install though
This thing broke after like a day and I haven’t even dropped or abused ...
Good protector/good price
They are very easy to install
So easy to apply!
It  is easy.  Follow the directions!
Great Screen Protector!
Wonderful product!
Works and looks perfect.
Pretty crappy.
Easy to apply; very durable.
Great
Smart product for a great price with a lifetime warranty!
A+ for Many Reasons!
Highly Recommend!
Great protector
Great, Width needs more.
I heard glass crunching and expected the worst. 30 minutes later
Difficult to put on the phone, buy something else.
Good protection
Wit holds integrity after prolonged damage
My phone took a pretty rough tumble and this protector was the only thing ...
No Fail Placement
I would recommend these to everyone.
This glass will crack, but your phone screen won't
Perfect
I love this screen protector
Works well, doesn't cover the entire phone however.
it Works!
Would not reccomend buying -did not stick
This screen came with excellent cleaning equipment for the phone screen
Affordable and easy to use!
Cheap.
Great screen protection
Good so far
Alignment tabs are awesome
Excellent customer service
Good Product, Good Deal.
Good buy for the money
Nice feel, ease of use
Doing good
Definitely worth the money!
These are the best screen protectors and are good at not showing prints ...
Worth the Money!!! Nice product.
Great!
Best screen protector
A good product
This product is so easy.
The product came on time and fit the screen as ...
Good at price point
Pretty Good
The trim tabs to help place the screen protector are ...
IT Really Works
These are great!
Looks Great
Feels great, but the edges bubble up
Screen protector saved the day!
Works great. easy to instal
Awesome product!
If you drop your phone a lot like I do buy this protector
screen application
Reliable protection and free replacement program = value
No Breaks
Nice Glass Screen Protector
Don't drop it to test it
Saved my Phone!
It's easy to affix to the phone screen
AWESOME Screen Protectors
Must Have
Safe at Last
Save your phone - use the glass protector!
Shocker!
Excellent Product
Stupendous product
Great Screen Protector!
Never using another brand again!
Gets the job done!
Great glass at a great price.
GreatProduct
Wonderful screen protector
and we're good to go
Easy to apply
Thick, durable, bubble free screen protection.
Wicked Easy To Install
you could see this as a poor product because the screen protector cracked
CAN TAKE A BEATING
Excellent product. Might have to use a credit card ...
Great deal and it works!
Protecting the screen for my IPhone
is always great help with orders and refunds
They were very easy to apply and the directions are very simple to ...
Good product and company
Definitely more than worth the price!!!!
Buy this and never replace your phone screen again!
Five Stars
Excellent customer service
Best iphone screen protector available anywhere
I just bought these as a backup to my current ...
Great screen protection
Held up well through many drops
works fine
Will hurt more than it protects
Let me start off by saying this product is amazing. I have only had this for a few ...
Works perfectly
Great buy!
... when I bought my phone and they did a terrible job when they put it on the screen
Great value for the price
Screen Protector Cracked Phone Shaddered
Easy to Install
Screen protector
Saved my phone!
Check the size of your screen and the size of the product.
GREAT protector
way too small!
Best $7. 99 I ever spent
First delivery did not have secondary holder/surface
So Clear!
Great screen protector
I like the design on this glass better than my old ...
Great screen protector!
Great product and great price
Good and great!
Decent
After two years I replace the protector and it was like new again
Not the best screen protector
Ok for the price
These sacrificial screen skins are heaven sent
This protected my phone when ran over by a car
I am very happy with this screen protector
Nice and clear!
Good! But could be better
Well made screen protector
The glass fits perfectly on the iPhone 7 and has ...
Excellent - saved costly damage to iPhone screen (twice now)
Definitely buy this
This is the one!
Easy to install and excellent for price and quality
Had used it for few days only and I think it will hold off good. The application of the protector on the screen ...
Easy To Apply, Slightly Difficult To Maintain
Awesome product!!
Super easy to install
It is a great product, but regardless of the effort to have ...
It went on very easily and fit well on my new iPhone
Best screen protectors on the market!
Bubbles
Hard to apply, good quality
Amazing
These screen covers are great! This is my second time ordering them and ...
A++ Screen Protector
Perfect fit!
great for your money
Great Product!
Good product but could use one tiny improvement
works really well. i cracked my screen once and ...
The best
Awesome screen protector
Great product for the price
It works great and seems to protect well
Really nice screen glass
Cracks easily, went through both in a year.
Poor adhesion
Would buy again
Better than the Zagg
Happy with my purchase
Much better!
Easy application
The video the vendor provided showing how to apply the screen protector was VERY helpful!
So Easy
this is great for any 5" Display i phone
Great screen
Streaks of Bubbles (iPhone 8)
Ultra Clear, Easy Install
Fits iPhone 7 plus
Be careful when doing the installation
Nice protector but does not fit iPhone 8 screen entirely
Great product at a fair price
The product has worked great so far
Great Protection
Love this protector
Fantastic Protection
Application was easy. Dropped my phone after applying the protector on ...
Good and inexpensive.
The Best
seems good so far
Packaged nicely and easy to apply
Overall Good Quality
Awesome!
Did a great job protecting the screen but didn't look all that ...
Nice quality!
BEWARE !!!! Does not cover the entire screen = pointless!!!!
Worth it for me
Not easy to be perfect on the phone, but excellent customer service
Good Protector, Great Warranty
good value, good product
Great product. Came quickly and intact
Good product for the price
Good Protection From Scratches.
Saved my iPhne screen
Wonderful
Durable
Protector is great. Instructions are bad
Screen Protector
Great price and does the job
Great product!
The quality is great. Touch sensitivity works just fine and the surface ...
Nice product, but trimming can be challenging...
Last a long time!
Never Be Without a Screen Protector
Better than other glass protectors I've had before
Solid product and great customer support
amFilm Tempered Glass Screen Protector
... wish it were a little larger so it aligned better with the phone
Looks and feels expensive
... on a couple iPhone 8s and they have been fantastic. We’ve had one crack and need to be ...
I don't like the fact that the edges do not cover all ...
Love this Product
Its worth your money$$
This screen protector is of top quality and is easy to install
Great at protecting your phone screen
I love it!
I used and liked a lot the films for iPhone and iPad Pro ...
highest quality all-around
Not very scratch resistant.
Good, but not reliably good.
Screen was totally untouched and looked good as new
Excellent product
Five Stars
Easy, dust-free application
Does the job!
Easy to install and seems great!
The best and most affordable screen protector on the market
Great screen saver!
Great screen protector
this is a very sturdy cover and I'm happy with my purchase
Easy to install, great price
The edges don’t adhere properly on the iPhone 8
Excellent quality product
I'm not even sure it glass, it seems plastic.
Fair product but poor fit.
Kept my phone in perfect condition for 2+ years!
It was easy!
It just works and good build quality
I am very pleased with this screen protector
I'm perfectly satisfied.
Kept my Screen Safe!
PROTECTS SCREEN VERY WELL
Easy to apply
great
the flim is rather too thick but it is totaly fine. it works fine so far
Awesome!
Easy Application-awesome~
Great screen protector!
iPhone 7 glass protector
Good product!
Nice protection for your phone.
Great product
A Must Buy For iPhone Users
which I'm very pleased with. I haven't dropped my phone so I ...
Hiking fail
Great value
My go-to
Great quality screen protector
Worth every penny
Love the tabs
Great product!
Great Product!
I repels oil stains!
but kinda a bummer since the rest of the protector is pretty good. But it's a somewhat big hang up ...
Seems to be a good product
Best protector
Good Price, Easy to Apply Protector.
Wonderful
Great product
Saved my screen!
Very easy to put on!
Very easy to apply, already been drop tested
the installation is actually pretty smooth. Functionality of the phone seems completely unaffected
easy to put on the phone
Good quality product at a reasonable price
I also really liked how it was all packaged
Good product
Clear and Smooth
Great item.
Great product and great customer service
The glass goes on nicely and it was very easy to get the bubbles ...
Corners of the screen protector did not adhere to the screen
Does the job
Great product at a great price!
Very simple to install!
Easy and great tip to apply
Good screen protector but difficult to install
I'm not really sure how the service providers convinced me ...
Best screen protector
I recommend to anyone who is not careful with their phone ...
Can use will tongue
Easy to apply & works!
better application design than a standard protector
Great screen cover
Buy these!
There are no visible scratches even though I carry it in my pocket all day and while it does smudge easily, it is easy to clean
Great product, great price
entire protective cover shattered/ when I peeled it off original screen untouched - bought another pack -thanks for a great product, and email reminder to rate you- otherwise ...
Easy to install
Great product with an amazing customer support team
Best screen protector!
They work!!!
Cracks very easily
Works.
The TechMatte Screen Protector is an excellent product. Despite my failure to read instructions and ...
This screen protector is awesome, love how easy it was to put on
Defective Product and Lack of Response from Company
Just OK
followed directions exactly and still have bubbles under glass. ...
Great product for a great price!
Works as intended!
Bubbles everywhere. Not an easy install on both attempts.
These are good. My kid has dropped my phone many times ...
BEST SCREEN PROTECTOR I'VE HAD
Perfect protection!
The Best
Any good glass protectors at the store are $20 or more
So far it's worked great, haven't really hit anything hard but hope it holds up
Easiest installation
Reasonably priced, good product
It did arrive on time and went on very easily. So far it it working as described
Great quality great price
Saved me $ right off the bat!
Excellent Product and Easy to Install
Saved my phone!
Protective, but brittle
BEST SCREEN PROTECTOR EVER
it was very easy! There is a tab on each end to ...
Good Value.
Quality and inexpensive
These are the best screen protectors
Protect your screen!
Air bubble completely surrounds the perimeter.
Great product
Disappointed
Fantastic
I Phone
Totally worth it! It worked 100% when I needed ...
best screen protector
Great screen, great price!
5 foot drop on Mosaic floor no problem well depends on how it falls
Easy to apply and completely clear
Does the job
Best product ever!
Not as strong as other ones I've had in the ...
Works as advertised
High quality
Works like the expensive ones
Amazing for the price
Perfection
Really?
Great screen protector!
WOW! Works like magic!
Great product
Not wide enough for screen
Best screen saver I've had!
Awesome price for i phone screen saver
Lifetime warranty honored
Seem to be very good quality and easy to apply
Reliable screen protection
Great Charger Case
Doesn’t work, don’t waste your money
Great product
Fast shipping and excellent product
Easy to install
Awesome Product & Video Look/Review
works great
Worst screen protector
Fits the iPhone 8 perfectly
Fits iPhone 8 better than any OtterBox product!
Works perfect!
Great look and feel
Excellent
Love it
Great!!
Protect your phone w/this Product Excellent
Works great. I dropped my phone and the screen protector ...
Crystal Clear
Great product!
Good product
easy 5 Stars
Great iPhone cover
Great buy!
Highly recommend; great product and company that stands behind it
It actually protects your screen!!
iPhone screen cover
Very easy to put the screen on - I was worried ...
As expected, recommend
Super Easy to Use
Very pleased, so far
Great buy
The first went on perfect. The second went on but never sealed on ...
Pleased
Works perfectly
This is now the second order I have placed for ...
Excellent iPhone 6S Screen Protector
Shipping it back cost more than the product.
Worked great, was easy to put on but I still ...
Great Product!!
Get someone who has done them to apply
Works well, protected my wife's phone
Great screen case
A must have for your phone.
perfect fit
Easy Install
Great service and great deal
Excellent Quality
Easy to install - good value
Great protection! An awesome little kit!
Not bad
iPhone 6s Screen Protector
Pretty durable!!
Best screen protector I've found
So far, so good
and 1/10 the price of going to Best Buy. I strongly recommend them for your devices
I AM #SHOOKETH
Works good. The one of my phone is still in ...
Couldn't be happier!
Clear
Quality & easy to install
The screen protector is amazing. I have had the screen protector for at ...
Watch out for old warehouse product
My phone screen broke through it
Detailed Instructions and Easy Application
Thought this would be great but the screen protector seems to have air or ...
Good screen protector
Best Glass Screen Protector
Great protector and simple installation
Wonderful glass protector !!
Easy installation, works great
Satisfied Customer
Not too impressed
I recommend this product
Great protector but breaks easily
Dummy
Terrific Product
eh
Fits Iphone perfect! Fast shipping, easy to install.  Will absolutely buy again
So far so good
Really impressed
Easy to apply to the phone
Love this product!
Easy to install
Hard to install ... should have bought at Apple and had them put in for me
I'm very happy. No air bubbles and it fits perfectly on ...
Great product with impressive protection!!
good product with good application materials
Seems good for the price
My screen protector lasted a whole 4 days before a ...
Edges don’t stick well.
Exactly what I needed!
Good quality screen protector
Easy to put on!
Protected
The protector did its job great - the screen protector shattered but my iphone glass ...
works great. Easy to install
No Fingerprints!
... new screen protectors for my iPhone because they’ve worked great. They fit great on my screen
AMAZING
Better than the Apple store
Awesome product
Good investment
Just received it last week. Fits IPhone 7 very ...
I love it
Does not sit flush with iPhone 6 screen...
This is by far the best install of a screen protector I’ve experienced
Amazing value!!
CLEAR AND EASY TO INSTALL
Excellent protection & price
Take your time it's worth it
Actually works!
Accident's WILL happen and amFilm Tempered Glass Screen Protector is there for YOU!
Would Buy Again
This Works Well
Easy, flawless application
5 Stars
It works
las batch i purchased had sone adhesive film i had ...
The install was pretty easy but after I placed it on I realized ...
Can be difficult to apply for perfectionist, luckily there's 2 in case you mess up.
... the rest of the family had this problem we love these they are great thank you
Works well enough as any other glass screen protector, ...
Easy to apply
I was satisfied with the price because the package does come with ...
Helped my screen survive a washing machine incident
Task bar issues
Easy to install, perfect clarity!
Saved My Phone!
Awesome! Went on very well
I will never use the stick on plastic stuff again.
Great iPhone 7 Screen Protector -  From a Picky Customer
Thanks for the protection
Perfect fit and does the job!
great product! I dropped my phone and thought it ...
Clarity!!!
Excellent Protector
I love this! I’m terrible at putting them on and ...
Great screen protector!
Life and phone savers
Nice, thin and high quality
very good fit (6s)
It's for iphone 4/5/5s
Phone and the kid are happy and well
Exactly as Described
Great product
material, easy apply instruction and tool kit.
It's great!
Great product!
Pre Scratched
Very easy to get on
The price is great for a 2 pack
Great product, easy to apply
Perfect fit
Not worth buying.
The install is super easy and the hinge method sets up perfect placement ...
They were very easy to install and seem very durable so far
I kind of like having that extra centimeter
Great quality
Good quality
love it!
Got the job done
Very nice product and concerned conscientious company customer service
They get the job done and TechMatte has excellent customer service.
I am pretty disappointed an Amazon's Best comes in such conditions
which is fine unless it’s not PERFECTLY lined up
This is a really nice protector for my new iPhone
Good Stuff
Best glass screen protector and price is great!
Very Happy!
Best product & price ever!!!!! Outstanding quality!!
Wrong size but a great product
Easy to apply and no bubbles
Five Stars
I love this screen protector
Good quality except for the annoying air bubbles
Perfect Protector!
Far from perfect
Awesome product
It was easy to apply and had no bubbles
Super easy to install
No bubbles!  Great product.
No Bubble screen protector- made easy!
Great product thus far
Great fit for my iPhone 8
THE BEST FEATURES OF ALL - FOUND IN ONE PRODUCT
Great package.
Highly recommend this product
Doesn’t cover the whole screen for iPhone 6S but does its job
Buy it
Easy and painless
Good screen protector
Excellent product and service
Great, serious screen protector!
Quick delivery/awesome product
Will buy again
ERZ to apply the first time.
Excellent product.
A Better Option Than Vinyl Screen Covers!
Can't protect if it won't stay on
Easy to use!
These glass protectors are essential to protect your phone from ...
Highly recommended works great best price!
Just a good as the ones that cost $45
Will LAST you a long time!
a product this good is worth more than that
Awesome
Great Product, Fits Perfectly on iPhone 8.
not full coverage of screen
Does it’s job
So necessary
Great protection for your iPhone
One of the better screen protectors I've used
Good customer support when I needed a replacement one time
Great Screen Protector
Very happy!
Easy to Install
Seems a little small for the iPhone 6 but it ...
Thorough instructions & accessories for application
Screen protector
It's a good product and protects my iPhone 7 well
Highly recommend.
Good deal!
Fantastic product......will use again!!!!
Best Product for the Value
Very pleased
Super durable good screen protector. Can't beat this deal and I have compared to much more expensive protectors!
When I was putting this on my phone, it ...
disappointed but not the end of the world
Five Stars
Great product and value!
Buy it 📱🔨
Edges don't stick down
6S Screen Protector is Great!
Clear, Durable, Color Enhancing, Extremely Easy to Apply
Great Lifetime Warranty
Good product
Awesome deal!
Great purchase
Highly recommended.
Great product. Easy t use
So far so good!
Early Arrival, Quality, and Clarity.
The best so far!
Such a great value!
Easy-to-apply
the screen protector went on with grace following your instructions looks good, feels good
Fantastic product
Disappointed
Totally protects your cell phone
but if you have a case that wraps around the corners of the phone than you should be good with protection
Quality
This thing works!!!
Amazing quality for the price
Five Stars
Has potential
Very Sleek looking
Great price and appears to be made better than the first one bought at phone store
They stand behind there product guarantee!
Great quality, reasonable price
Great
It is really smooth and nice to the touch and stays glossier and cleaner than ...
No Regrets
Best deal available!
Amazing for a good price
Happy customer
Good Product
The directions for cleaning the screen and applying protector were all easy to follow
I will repurchase this again and again
Would probably be great if...
Two perfect glass protectors
Love these, totally saved my phone screen when my ...
Highly recommended screen protector
Nice product. Good instructions and went on well
A great purchase!
Love this screen protector!
Works great and I love the packaging
Easy to put on
Didn’t fit my phone properly. Had to return.
Very easy to install
does not cover all parts of the screen. Leaves a continuous gap from the sides.
Great Screen Saver
Cell phone protection
Cracked first day I used.
... this for my husband's new iPhone and it works great. Sticking the Protective Glass onto his new phone ...
It looks great on the phone (unobtrusive) and does not compromise touch ...
Actually protected my phone and saved me money because of it!
Five Stars
Good value
Apply carefully
but I feel good knowing my screen is protected
Highly recommended screen protection
Perfect fit
Great Product
I’ve order this same case for the past 4 years ...
Great Price and you get 2 screens!!!
Great product!
Don’t expect help if you do mess up the installation.
This screen protector protects my phone better than any other screen protector I've ever used
This doesn’t protect your phone screen
Very easy to apply the screen protector to the screen
personally recommended for everyone !! kudos...
Screen protector doesn’t stick very good
It last for a few months and protects great
Overall a great product
Great customer service!
Awesome screen protector.
It fits and works perfectly. I would add it ...
Second one I've bought. Highly recommend
Great product!
This product just saved my phone!
1 for 2 on the application...
So far so good!
Easy to install
Highly satisfied for multiple reasons
Not made for the iPhone 8.
Great protector
NOT GLASS
Saved my iPhone screen from certain doom!
Easy to install!
This screen protector had no bubbles, and was invisible ...
Do not buy, waste of money.
Good quality, easiest screen protector to apply, dummy-proof!
Screen is safe
Great product. It sticks clean on the phone
Easy to fit
One size doesn’t fit all
I like this glass protector
Lifesaver
Poor quality
Is not as good as promised
Works great!
Fearing the worst, I took this protector off the phone screen ...
Great price, great value
Nice quality
Works well
Works well
these protectors are awesome. I had one case where they cracked very ...
Have Faith
I happily bought another package
The best screen protector I've ever purchased
Nice product
protector was installed perfect by my husband
It works
worth it
The better choice
Great product; easy to apply.
The screen protector was easy to apply and is just as good as the ...
Exactly as described
AMAZE
Easy to apply, Great price point
The installation was pretty easy. I feel my phone is protected and ...
Four Stars
Highly recommend
DO NOT BUY!! SAVE YOUR PHONE!!
Love the price
Nice Screen Protector
Good product.. durable.. keeps your phone safe
Awesome tempered glass IPHONE screen protector
Best tempered glass screen protector I've ever used
easy to install
Slightly fragile
The camera hole is on the wrong side
These are amazing!
Easy and Sturdy
Really Works
It does fairly good
Easier to apply than other products.
Simple and quick  install, works great
Good product
Just as Advertised
The protector was easy to install
Very good. I've dropped my phone several times (with a ...
Awesome, affordable screen protection
No bubbles!!!!
Honestly this is my second time buying it. I'm ...
Easy to add to the iPhone
Protected
Very happy
Easy to Install
I like this screen protector
Just what I needed.
Good Product
I was originally VERY happy with my purchase
Cost efficient option!
Five Stars
I love this screen protector
Okay product but may not be as good as seller claims
Great product
Best of its kind.
Excelent product
once it dried and cleaned it looks and works great, no change in screen sharpness or sensetivity to ...
Great screen protector
that it works
Great price and it looks great on my phone.
Amazing quality product and service team!
Works perfectly! I had to use mine after I ...
installed without issue
Easy low cost screen protection
Great & Fits Perfectly
Great Protection for my iPhone 6S
Awesome Product!
Easy to install
Not up to par
Easy Installation - Great Price
The BEST Screen Protector Available!
It's a really good looking case
Glossy and perfect!!!
Great product!
Perfect fit.
Don’t waste your money
Easy to install
Great for the price
easy to put on
LIFE SAVER
Great Product
GREAT glass iphone protector!
The item arrived in perfect condition. It was easy to apply and I ...
Great Product
This product provides excellent handles on both ends of the film that protects ...
One of them went on fine, but the other had a couple of dust ...
i like that techmate is concern if i'm satisfied with it
Works Great!  Finger glides over the screen.
so I'm happy..
Great price and great quality!
Doesn’t fit iPhone
Really great quality and easy to install
iPhone 6s glass screen
Quality and performance is the most important while choosing a brand.
This screen protector is fantastic! My Mom bought a similar one for $40
Decent protector for iphone screen
I would buy it again!
Great!
Best Screen Protector, hands down! 🙌🏼
Easy installation
Durable
It’s great!
.
Dust Buildup
... my second time purchasing this protector because it's so awesome. Like what other reviews said
One of the best covers I’ve had
Quality
I followed the instructions exactly and got a good fit, no issues so far (though I've only ...
Worth it
Wrong size
A bit small on my phone but nothing major.
Great protection but hard to put on
Saves my screen
Absolutely love it great replacement great price
Great Screen Protector!
Don't fit on iphone 8
Five Stars
The screen protector was easy to apply
Easy to put on and comfortable to use
Easiest installation and great product!
Looks great!
Your screen will crack if you dont have a case
Easy
Excellent Protection, Excellent Customer Support
Going to post kudos for my Urban Armor Gear Plyo case for the great assist. Thx
Hand down best screen protection
this is a nice product! To be honest I wasn't expecting all ...
Easy install, good price
Awesome Item!!!!!!
I highly recommended this screen protector!
fantastic product and excellent help!!!!
Worth every penny!
Really like these!
Easy to install - looks and feels great
Best way to save your screen at an amazing price
I like that there are handles on the protective screen to ...
Easy to apply!
Good buy!!
Easy to put on
One thing I loved about these screen protectors is that the edges stuck ...
Great product!
broke soon after i got it.
Excellent product
Best tempered glass
Great product!
Quite easy to apply to screen with all the tools one ...
Extremely Smooth
Screen Protector
good stuff
Easy to install and works perfectly
These screen protectors were easy to apply and work really well
The Outer frame
Great product!
Best screen protector I’ve ever had
Awesome!
Coverage
The obvious choice :)
The cover was easy to install with simple instructions and two different types ...
Will buy again
Truly works!
A must get product and the costumer scores a 100%
AnFilm  Glass Screen Protector for IPhone
Great!
Great price, great product.
Excellent Screen Protector
Broke from a CAT lying on it!
Yes, this is one to buy!
Good Product
It's early but seems great
Highly Recommend !!
Don’t hesitate. Good products and service
Damaged
Applying the film to the phone was easier than I ...
A must buy for any device.
works.
As advertised
Should have bought a Zagg
Works Great!
Not very reliable, breaks easily
TERRIBLE
Great product and great buy
Phone saver. We love this.
Awesome
Amazing!
So easy to install!!!
Great customer service, even after you buy!
Great value. Easy Install
Screen protector is as advertised
So Worth It!
Sadly poor
Great product and simple installation
Works great on iPhone 7!
What I love about this product is that it comes with TWO ...
Fantastic screen protector at a great price
Five Stars
Must have
Great directions and tools
Value for your money
Great price
Company with integrity, product of 108% satisfaction.
Great Product
No bubbles.
Great product, Great customer service!
Screen still broke
Two Tempered Glass screen protectors for $8!!! ...
Great product and super easy to apply
Great Glass For IPhone
Awesome!!!!!
Everything you need!!
Great Product
Pretty Good
These have done such a great job keeping my phone safe from little hands
The cell phone went up to the sky and fell ...
El protector de esta marca disminuye demasiado la sensibilidad de mi celular
Easy to install
Great price for a great product.
Great product
Crystal clear and beautiful screen protector, and best customer service ever!
Does not seal around the edges.
Decent for the price.
don't waste your time or money
Excellent quality
Easy application! Very durable
Great product & Customer Service!
Good product
Great purchase!
Excellent
Iconfused
I got these screen protectors after I returned my lifeproof case since I didn't really want to pay $100 for a phone case that ma
Where have you been all my phones life!
Works like a charm
Good quality and easy to apply
Great so far
Love this product
Very easy to put on with the wipes
Doesn't fit iphone 8 screen
love bubbles but not on my phone screen
Buen protector
Awesome Screen Protector!!
Looks good
Highly recommend!
Perfect protection for iphone 7.
Great product for the money
Twice the product, twice the opportunity for perfection
Great products
Only time will tell
Nice protection
Don't spend money on zagg
Best screen protector!
Worth it
I love this screen protector
Easy to install
Buy this product because it's incredibly affordable for the value
Five Stars
Very happy with this
Awesome thank you
Good screen protector
junk
Easy to apply
Easy to apply
PERFECT PROTECTOR for iPhone!!!
Great product and support
Excellent...
Nice feel.
Great screen protector
Works great!
Like it...
Does the same thing and is probably better quality. I would recommend
Cost : Quality is amazing
Good Product
hard to manage
Good value, good price.
Happy customer!
Highly recommend.
Highly recommend !!!
Saved my phone!
Great
Update - Super satisfied!
... impact of the fall and my screen was totally fine. I would have taken a picture but when ...
Buy this, you will not regret it
Not the best screen protector out there but still good for the ...
Right price for what you get
Protected screen
Cracked easily
Worked great to protect my iphone
Definitely recommend
Money well spent.
Great protection
Glass protectors will crack and get scratched, but your phone screen won't.
2 Design Flaws
Good quality
Great screen protector
Not quite perfect but good enough
Great Protector!
Love it! Looks like it belongs, with rounded edges.
I am so happy with this product
SUPER VALUE!
Just What I Needed
Great value for a great product
Quality, clear glass!
Great deal and product
Great product
Need better prep information.
Worth it!
Great kit, best install I've ever done. A++++
Five Stars!
This is the best glass protector I have
Would definitely recommend!
Easy to install
Great product and easy to install
screen protector
So far so good.
smooth and thick
The Best Purchase in Amazon.
THIS IS THE ONE TO GET
Great protection!
Easy to install and nicely packaged
great buy!
I ordered wrong size by mistake so Did not use ...
Doesn't fit the screen.
Poor Fit
This is by far the best I've ever used
5 stars
Really good quality screen protector
Buy today!!!!!
This is the best screen cover I have found for an iphone
Iphone 6 screen protector
Easy!
Good I guess
I am happy with the product as its serving its purpose
Best iPhone glass out there
I have an iPhone 6s. The glass is not ...
Works fine
Easiest application
Good product
Very good
I am very happy with this purchase
Perfect A+
Best Protecter Glass Ever
Great quaity,easy to apply, highly recommended
It works!!
Good Product
but worked beautifully. One application
Best screen protector I've used
Looks Good
Pretty decent for the price
3x buyer, satisfied!
Prompt delivery and good instructions
Love this! I feel like my phone screen is ...
Perfect cutouts, excellent quality overall
Saved my phone screen from cracking!
Ok. Doesn’t last. Cracked already
Cool
Great Protection
10/10
Exactly what I expected
Great screen protector!
Really great screen protectors
Great screen protector.
Durable!
Application is fantastic, screen protector should be slightly bigger
These are clean and clear, I've dropped my phone ...
Great price for the two pack
grear!
Good product
Halo effect bad though claims to be made for iPhone 6s
Five Stars
Great product with easy installation
Easy to apply
glass smaller than screen
Easy application. Nice feel.
Cracked my screen even with screen protector on.
Excellent product and company
Good product and protection for your iphone
Little too narrow
Five Stars
EXCELLENT PRODUCT.
Great protector
Five Stars
Love this! Such a cheap way to protect your ...
Fit perfectly
Easy to install!
iPhone Ptotection.
Great company and screen protector
Nice
Actual phone screen cracked within a week
Excellent Customer Service
Great product and screen protection
The first thing to note is the excellent customer service
Great protection!
very happy!!
Excellent Screen Protector!
Cracked within a day
Saves money in protecting iPhone screen
It's been on my phone for about a week and is great.
Excellent out of the box experience
Great product at a terrific value
Was easy to install, if done right no bubbles.
I think the quality is good for the price
Best phone protector ever!
The best I've used so far
Easy install and perfect fit for the 6s.
Easy application, garbage at its job
Very easy to apply to my phone screen and provides a ...
Super Screen Protector
The best screen protector I've ever had
Great protection
I've settled on tempered glass as the best type since the plastic ones
The wife dropped her Iphone 7 with somewhat of protective case that seems like everyone has now
Satisfactory
Great buy
Guaranteed Replacement Requires Effort
Happy Customer!
Good looks with effective protection.
Great for amazing price!
very happy about it
Get it!
Nice glass cover
Love it
Doesn’t cover the entire screen
Better than pricier competetors
Looks great and the same quality that your would find from ...
Five Stars
Decent one for the price
Cost vs. Quality
Good purchase
Just what I wanted.
Not proper description.  EDIT my mistake
so good. Seems just as sturdy as a Zagg tempered ...
This Screen Protector is Great!
Would repurchase. Saved my iPhone
... it's job and protected the screen) - I got annoyed with the cracks so I got this to replace ...
you won't find a better one for the price.
Good product
Best screen protector i’ve used
Sturdy. Magically stays clean really well
Doesn't fit the 8 well
Great product at great value!
Great fit and replacement for my iPhone. Simple to install came with everything.
Life Saver!
I love this protector
Great Buy!
much easier to attach than I anticipated (based on the ...
Great Product, Unsure about Customer Service
Does the job!
Five Stars
Pretty easy to install/apply
Great buy!
Really great product. Read instructions you will be happy
Great protection so far
Easy to install
Good fit
Order came quickly and the product was super easy to put on my phone
Four Stars
Solid product
Works as design.
Solid product great company
Five Stars
Best Screen Protection
but the screen was fine. I don't blame the protector - who knows ...
... phone fell plenty of times already and I'm so glad I had the glass
Easy to install iPhone screen protector.
Fits great. I dropped my phone and the screen protector ...
I'd say you offer a great product.
Great item
I would buy again..
Great price!
Great purchase~
Absolutely worth the money
Nice looking protector
Good screen protection
cracks easily. waste of money
very good value for the money
Best Phone Screen Protector:
Five Stars
Its perfect for the 7 plus but it doesnt fit that ...
Five Stars
Very durable
but it's working great so far
Easy like a Sunday morning
Great product at a great price
that's amazing. AmFilm definitely has great product backed up by ...
Close to perfect
Glass Protector
A screen protector that actually works!
Easy to install
these would be perfect.
It was easy to apply to my phone
The screen protectors worked great and were very easy to put on but after ...
Instant Warranty
Easy to Apply, Not Anti-Fingerprint
Great for the price. But have had better
Great cover
Love it! I’ll defintiely reorder the product when I ...
Great buy
Good product and excellent customer service
nice quality. gives enough of a gap so i ...
As advertised!!!
Five Stars
Great product & price!
Amazing value
Super easy
Great Quality.
Solid Screen Protector
Great customer service and product
Get it
It makes bubbles easily if you play with it
Empty box
Love this!
Excellent
This screen protector is very nice. We got Otterbox Defender and didn't like the ...
Top notch
Great product
As Pictured!
Nice
Easy to put on
Good screen cover
Easy to put into place, fits great, looks great.
its ok have had to test it yet AkA dropp ...
Very easy to place on the phone and to position so ...
Super durable
iphone screen protector works great!
This is a great product and company
quality product
Saved many screens.
Awesome
awesome!
My phone’s screen was saved by this!
Very durable and great feel
Great product.
Note Quite Large Enough
Great protection for our iPhones
You get what you pay for.
Sturdy screen protector
Just what I was looking for
Edge of screen protector doesn’t seal
Great product
Learn from my mistakes. Don't buy the cheap stuff. Buy this product
good stuff
Worth the money
Easy to put on yourself
iphone 6
Excellent!!!
Crystal clear and easy to put on!
Glod
Five Stars
the tabs at the end made handling the screen very easy. Small thing
Arrived quickly and great
Works perfect so far
GREAT PRODUCT!
Amazing costumer service
So far so good
Not exactly the right size, smaller than the screen ...
Love it. Easy to put on your phone
Three Stars
Great Product, great Customer Service
I commend TechMatte for their excellent application instructions and follow-up via email
Easy application and good protection
Don't waste your money.
Five Stars
Outstanding Product!!!
I did not like this product
Great Product
Great, will purchase again!
Works!
Screen Saver is doing its job GREAT! Easy to put on just follow the directions
Ugh, my new iPhone 8 screen is cracked.
Fits my iPhone 7 perfect and has done the job- I have repeatedly dropped ...
Amazing Product
Easy to install
Can’t say much I bought the wrong one. I ...
Better than more expensive Zagg
Great product
Went on easily and my phone still responds when I use it
they are good quality tempered glass with great instructions and wipes
Fantastic protection, will buy again!
This SAVED my screen!
Awesome!
Dependable protection!
Great!
Great product!!! Would buy again
Hope to never put it to the test!
Not very sticky
Great product
Not a good product
Easy to install - no water or fluids
PERFECT
Great price and beats all others
Great customer service
I can see clearly now
Very durable
Five Stars
So far so good. My last tempered glass cost me $35 at ...
Good item
Didn’t work for me but great trash can filler!
Worth it!
Best glass screen protector I've had for my 8
Not so good for iPhone 8
Good product
Excellent
Wow!  This is the best I've used!
Easy to Install Stellar
Perfect for my wife's cracked screen
this is a nice clear screen protector
Trustable quality and awesome customer service
Not Consistent
Great product! Came with clear instructions and all the ...
Need super clean space
Five Stars
I can drop my phone without worry
Great Screen Protector, Great Price
Easy to apply
Perfect!
Great Quality
The instructions on how to apply the screen protector was simple and easy. Will definitely repurchase
These screen protectors go on easily and are a decent price
Cant be beat!
Great product.
Top Quality Service from TechMatte
Went on easily and loved the hint of applying on the phone ...
Great product.
Too small for iPhone 8 ( not plus, regular one)
It works perfectly!
I've been going through screen protectors like crazy. I replaced mine with this one
Great screen protector
Air bubbles all around the edge of the screen
Amazing customer services with a great product!
Easy install
Screen Protector - would recommend
yup
Perfect if you want to protect your iPhone screen.
Great Product
Must buy!
but I felt like I had to with this screen protector
Best tempered glass protector I've installed so far
Cheap feeling
Don't listen to the negative reviews.
Great product, easy to install
Easy Application and Easy Order
I was very happy with the quality of this screen protector
It worked 🤷🏾‍♂️
They are good quality and come exactly as advertised
flawless installation!
Awesome!!!
Halo effect on Iphone 7
It seems to work fine so far
Way Better than Plastic Film
Not as great
These are THE BEST!!
Product saved my phone screen!!
Five Stars
Almost great.
Happy with this screen protector
Definitley Buy!
Glad to be protected with durable product
Much better then the previous protector I used
doesn’t fit iphone 6s
The glass protector came intact. The only prob that ...
Well worth it
Easy to Install
Very easy to install
Perfect Screen Protector
Very pleased with the product as well as the seller
Works fine for a few days
Great product
Perfect!
Perfect
Solid product.
Durable & safe to use
Will require you to remove the plastic screen cover on ...
Phone saver!
Why save a penny on material to ruin an otherwise good product
I really liked that. Easy to apply and seems high quality
Works great and gives excellent protection
and I'm very happy to report there was no damage done
Saved my screen from a fall
including the steamy bathroom and was rewarded with a beautifully clear protective film on my new iPhone 7
Great glass cover for the price ...
Good quality and fit
This screen protector was very easy to install
Poor Quality
Horrible !
As advertised.
Fits IPhone 8
Five Stars
returned for correct phone size- THIS IS FOR IPHONE 6/6S/7
Price product 5 star
Not for me
The protector went on pretty smoothly. I'll make sure to remind myself to ...
Exactly what I needed!
Lasted me 2 years.
Good, could be better
The best screen protector
Amazing how clear it is and can't see fingerprints
Excellent performance
Love This Type of Screen Protector
Great product
Good product - easy to use
Five Stars
Does the job
ONLY WEAR AND TEAR.
Very nice yes
Look no further
Great protector at a fair price
Very durable
Breaks easily
Great & Affordable Screen Protector.
Easy, strong and beautiful.
Great!
Great buy! Barely noticeable tempered glass protector, clear, easy to apply, strong and durable.
Good value.
Great product
Works great. Easy to install. Crystal clear.
Great glass coverage
Not too bad
Serves its purpose
Simple
Great product. I used this for my iphone 7
Easy to place - one even had an air bubble ...
The best screen protector I've ever used!!!
Easy to apply and great price!
Pretty good
Five Stars
Great product, great price.
All in all 10/10, would recommend.
Great product, beware about screen size
Great product so far
Great item
Got the job done
Problem gone
Good purchase!
Great product. Of all the years and all the ...
Feels better than last screen protector I had
iPhone
but the screen was still perfect
Great price
EASY
Your screen protector saved me time and money!
Protects from cracks, but doesn't last long due to air bubbles
Great price, easy to install
Saved my screen
Clear, easy to apply tempered glass protector.
Perfect fit for i phone 6
Great!!
Does not Adhere to entire screen
All as promised!
These work great
I have had the cover on my phone for a ...
Amazing preparation materials
Excellent screen protection
I like how easy this screen protector is to attach to ...
but pretty disappointed.
TAKE YOUR TIME, DO IT RIGHT
Nice buy! Provides strong screen protection
Disappointing and waste of money
Be Careful That You're Buying The Right Product...
Saved my phone screen many times
Don’t settle for anything else!
Great product at a great price!
easy application
It fits!
doesn't fit
Very good product at a good price.
Good quality, good price, works well.
so far so good. Super easy to put on and screen is ...
Awesome glass protector!
I love all the "tools" included to help get the screen ...
Giving them try on new phone 7
I think it's a good protector, I do with it were a little ...
Good screen protectors
Superb iPhone Screen Protector
Love it
Same quality, less cost.
Genius 2-Tab Installation
Not sure why but the edges chop randomly. I ...
Loved the price and that it came with 2 screen ...
Quality
Great product and support
Everything I'd hoped for!
I have to replace mine more often than I'd like, but for how cheap these are I really ...
Five Stars
Good quality and nice looking
Had to buy a new phone. Don’t buy!
Good product
Works Well
They are great - just as advertised
I am very pleased with the screen protector -- it is doing a ...
Great Buy
Great screen protector.
So that this had a lot of reviews and was pretty cheap ($7
Easy to install, protects as described
Quick and easy
works great
This thing works!!!
Saved a Screen From Breaking!
I-phone screeb protector
Amazing
Great Product!!
Good.
I recommend
No cracks!
Not Good Unless You’re the Safest Person on Earth
Five Stars
I have an iPhone 7 and it doesn’t fit 10% ...
This product is my favorite because it is super easy to apply
So simple and looks great too!
DONT TRY THE SHOWER METHOD!
Five Stars
Perfect fit for my iPhone 6s
So easy to apply
Great quality!!
No problems
but in the 2 drops I've had so far both the screen and protector came out fine.
Love it!!!
One size doesn’t fit all
This is easy to put on and easy to keep clean
It's Doesn't feel like tempered glass
Great for the price
Easy to install if you follow the directions and you ...
Perfect Protection
Buy It!!!
Perfect fit
This screen protector works great!! You two for the price of one
Great investment! EASY application and CRYSTAL CLEARR SCREEN!!
I was a little hesitant about doing this myself but ...
Shattered in less than a week
Must have for IPHONE purchases
Easy to apply
Works as advertised
1-2-3 and Screen is up!!
It was very easy to put on
Easy to apply
5 STARSS
... based on the high positive reviews and am very happy with my purchase
Wife and I are both 100% satisfied. Will order again when we need more
very pleased so far!
Cracked
Works great/easy to apply!
Very good screen protector!
Works like it should be.
Really good, no cracks!
Last screen protector you will ever have to buy!!
This is the second time I have purchased this product ...
Would buy again
Great Product!
... product fits perfectly and the directions are clear and easy to follow
Very satisfied! Easiest to apply
Thanks for saving my life and phones life <3
Awesome product
Overall good quality screen protector.
Easy to install
Nice screen protection
iphone 8. Good price, good fit.
Fits iPhone 8 perfectly.
Perfect
the protector itself is really excellent. I almost like it better than the original ...
I like how the glass screen doesn't even try to cover ...
Great price, for a glass screen protector!
Works great
Screen protector
A must have
My daughter is super clumsy. The first order one of the two ...
Product was VERY easy to install
Spend more and actually protect your phone
Easy to apply!
Great
This is the best screen protector I’ve ever had
Excellent product
Very pleased with this product
Five Stars
It is a nice screen protector
Must-have for your iPhone!
It is what it says.
If I can do it, So can you....
Great protection
Five Stars
I love this screen protector
Drop my phone all the time and it’s good so far
It started peeling the day after I installed it
Easy Installation!
Thank you for helping me save my phone!
Good buy
Great
Good product at a good price
Good
2nd purchase ,Very satisfied
Went on very easily and is a big improvement over the $45 screen ...
Decent product but watch for corners
Really good quality
This was very easy to put on which is what I was most ...
Glass screen cover
Tempered iPhone 8 glass protector
Has saved my phone
Go with glass
Not for 8 plus
It doesn’t adhere to the edges of iphone 6
Wow!
Great
GREAT PRODUCT GREAT PRICE
but for the price they're not too bad. I've had mine for about a month now ...
Went on easy but I still couldn't get one corner to seal ...
Easiest & best to apply
Highly recommended
Great
great all around
Great price, great quality!
Price
Good quality. Lasts forever
Easy peasy lemon sqeezy installation
Color me so happily Surprised!!
Very happy with this screen protector
well
Good Idea to include 2 packs, better idea to include 4 packs...
Superb
Not worth the money
Great screen protector
Good enough for the price!
Great product and awesome seller
Great case! I'm the first to admit I drop ...
Great product
I put the 2nd one on my daughters phone and sure enough went on perfect!!
The glass is far superior to the plastic
Does not fit and causes rainbow lines
Looks great!  Easy to install!
No bubbles!!!
Functions and installs flawlessly
Good fit, fast shipping
even though he takes better care of his phone than I
Excellent quality and clarity
Easy to apply
Perfect Fit - Easy Install
I love theses screen protectors
Five Stars
Ineffective
So far so good
Would purchase again
Excellent source for protecting device investment
Easy to apply and seems to be working!
... using for a couple of weeks so far very satisfied - fits the phone well
Durable
A good buy
It has not gotten worse, but there was no trauma to the screen ...
Works well
Very happy
Quality and Ease
Great product!
I love this screen protector
It looks great, easy to put on
No bubbles!
Please make sure you include everything you said that would come with the purchase actually comes with the purchase.
Awesome product!
I really recommend this product
Good screen protector
Saved my screen
Good Glass Screen Protector
Amazing!
Pretty good product
Great
Not sure if I didn't place right, but the ...
Super good product!
Great screen protector
Adequate screen protection
Crystal clear quality, easy to put on
Great screen protector great price
What I needed
Edges do not stick
Works as designed
Effective and easy to apply.
Never disappoints!
Fits perfect, seems to be good quality and it came ...
iPhone 8 glass protector
Easy to use
Decent Screen Protector
Very easy to apply to the phone with no air bubbles
Super easy
It does it’s job
perfect, comes with everything you need for dust-free application
But TechMatte did great job not only include very clear instruction in the ...
Break too quickly
One Star
Not durable
Easy to apply
Not a good buy
Great iPhone 7 screen protector
great deal for your money
BEST BUY FOR THE BUCK!!
Protects my screen!
Highly recommend
... and 6 models with 2 Eights and these are great screen savers that are easy to apply
Good quality
Yes.
It Worked Perfectly!
Solid for a cheap protector.
Five Stars
Beautiful and sensitive solution to screen problems
Best Screen Protector Ever!!
This glass saves my phone. I used it since ...
Best phone cover
Clear glass
Easy application!
This is a pretty good screen protector
Easy to install
The best screen protector
Good thing it's a 2-pack
As advertised
Bad quality!
Great Cover/Protector for iPhone 6
Great Quality Product
Screen Protector
Smooth, Clear & Easy to use.
It was very easy to replace the screen protector on my phone
Great
strong, clear, durable screen protector. I definitely recommend.
Easy to install screen protector
I'm very pleased.
Easy to apply
Perfect
Ok
Great, affordable screen protector
I have bought this product twice and recommended it to all of my friends and family
Super easy instructions, loved tabs on product to help align glass cover over phone screen.
I like this screen protector very much so far
Thank you.Works great.
Works! Easy to install.
Protecter screen will get scratched easily
Clear and easy to apply
Great product!
Hasn't even been two weeks since I received my screen ...
True tempered glass protectors!
Amazing clarity, challenging width.
Questionable about being for the Iphone 6s
It does not feel like a true glass cover more of a thicker version ...
it practically applies by itself.
Easy to use and looks great
Works as expected.  Nice product
literally so easy to apply and they give you all the tools ...
Buena proteccion
Feels great to the touch and looks very nice!
the other was fine.
Perfect screen protector
Protected phone screen but protector chips
Love this product
A Very Wise Investment!
i think this is a awesome product, watched the video as i was putting ...
very good fit. the feel of the glass screen protector ...
Cant believe i was paying the local phone repair shop $20 for putting on my phone when this one is actually of far better qualit
Five Stars
Saved my screen once already
Good item
Ok
Great product, works as advertised
Does its job!
Saved my Iphone 7 screen
Perfect screen protector
Easy to install
Perfect
Didn’t protect my screen
Easy to apply
Great product and company to work with
Yes a must buy
I’ve dropped my phone and cracked five screen protector and my phone is in perfect condition. I’ve never had the tiniest crack in ...
Does the job!
Wow! Bubble Free and Hassle Free to Install.
Great screen protector
Nice
Love the Tabs! Alignment made easy.
GREAT PRODUCT!
Favorite screen protector yet!
At first it bubbled and I was very worried, ...
Screen cracks regardless
This works
Excellent! I tried several other glass products and just ...
Great price, Great product!
Protectors for iphone
Definitely my favorite screen protector.
Worked perfectly on my iPhone 6S
The best bang for the buck
BAD BUY!!!!
3 good reasons to purchase this product
The Best Screen Protector Ever
Same quality. Better price
Easy to apply
Great bundle
It has nice tabs already pre-installed on both sides
Just buy it.
Five Stars
I've had better. first one chipped with my keys in my ...
great protective tool
Gift
Great screen. The touch on the phone is not ...
Good
🤙🏻
Easy installation
Easy to Use iPhone Screen Protectors
Application was super easy- comes with everything you need in a nice ...
I’ve purchased these protectors twice, and both times each ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
It’s okay
Protetion
Very nice and a good price
Very good product
Five Stars
Screen protectors are never fun - but this one was easier than most and love the feel on phone
Great and Protective
Best quality product
This is an awesome product and one of the best screen protectors out ...
I really like this product
Two years - that's a good product
Great product!
Awesome
Simple directions and a quality product.
Good product
Great
Great product!
Phone looks brand new again!
Better than expensive glass at Verizon
Easy to use
Protection like no other!
Easy Application
They last forever
Glad we chose these
Excellent screen protector
This is the best screen protector I've ever used.
Five Stars
Great product
Great, economic product
Good product at good price!
Easy installation and fast service
This Screen Protector Is the Best!!
Four Stars
It works as expected
Good, wish it was slightly wider.
Does what I need it to
but the edges chipped pretty easily. Well at least it protected my screen ...
the best screen protector i have ever bought
Do not waste your money. Mine cracked all to pieces in 2 weeks time.... 2nd one broke the same way within weeks of use.
Didn’t fully adhere
Sleek and durable phone protection
Saved my phone screen
Nice product one wasnt as a perfect fit as the ...
Don’t buy if you like using IG and Snapchat
No good for iPhone 7
This one looks and works great.
Unfortunately, Put It To The Ultimate Test!!
Definitely a Must Have!
Great Product
Top notch service and a really great product. After the application of my screen protector ...
Awesome
Works great, put this on my wife's iPhone 7 you ...
Four Stars
Excellent
Five Stars
Amazing protection, perfect functionality
Even inexperienced ppl can apply it
Saved my phone
Love ❤️
So far so good, application wasn't too difficult
Solid protection for your iPhone.
Not happy
Very good
Exactly like the expensive name brand ones
All of them we have been extremely happy with. They are very easy to install
Aloha!
This screen protector works great and comes at a very reasonable price
Happy with these, works great for mom and girlfriends iPhone 7  and iPhone6s
Great price great product.
Great Product! I will purchase again as I dropped ...
Good
The larger tabs are easy to use and made it so easy to apply
Awesome
Five Stars
and was very easy to install
Easy to use!
Great screen protector
I keep these on hand!
Super product
Great product!
Good
Five Stars
Great product
Easy to use
and the product was fantastic for that
Crystal Clear
Good basic screen protector
Touch
So easy to put on!!!
I'm very pleased with the product quality and the customer service
DOES NOT FIT ANYTHING BUT IPHONE 6
best screen protector
The best screen protector!!!!
Seems to work well so far
Does the job
Heavy duty screen protector. I feel that my screen is safe.
Worth it!
The screen protector was very easy to place on my phone
I buy these in bulk. Have saved my phone ...
Great deal for what I paid
Pretty good.
Love these screen protectors
Worked great and easy to install
Best Glass Screen Protector out of the 6 or so I've tried.
I just put the screen on last night so I've ...
Great product, works as advertised (TechMatte!)
Perfect
works well
Good product, shipped as advertised
Bad product
Great performance.
Five Stars
Easy to install! Let's hope it does what it's supposed to do
Not worth it
Love these! My phone still looks brand new after ...
Great product, I would buy again!
Applying the protector is made super easy with the instructions provided
EXTRA PROTECTION
Exactly as advertised.  Good product.
Excellent product
Works well.
Easy to use and install
Easy to install and has a good fit
Great product
Nice works great
Good quality. Easy to install as long as you ...
Good
The BEST
Cracks very easily
The edge doesn't stick to the screen.
Great product
Easy install
Good deal on glass screen protectors.
As expected
Loved this product
This is the best screen protector by far
great product
Would buy again and again
Very good quality. Super easy to apply
I am very pleased with this product that I purchased it again
Great for daily wear and tear.
Easy to Use, Seems Effective
Tabs make installation easy.
great every time
Great Product
Did it’s job!
Great Product
Great protection
Great so far!
Easy application.
Works well but get it positioned correctly the first time ...
Five Stars
Very Satisfied.
Get This Screen Protector!
and they went on easy and seem to be really good
Great Value
does not fit completely
Saved my new iphone7!
Fits great looks great price is great
Work while
Great product
... and the screen protector wasn't wide enough for not satisfied really but using it anyway because I opened
Fits perfect
Five Stars
Installation: Feels like death
My screen still broke
Satisfied Customer
Great product, even greater price!
Good cover
The shipping experience was great received it on time
Awesome product, easy to apply
Great Product!!!
Easy installation, clear instructions
Must buy for any cell!
Exactly what I needed!
Other wise great. The size is probably due to avoiding the ...
Super easy to install and very high quality.
One Star
This screen protector has saved my phone numerous times! ...
GREAT SCREEN PROTECTOR FOR PRICE!
Protects phone well
Works great!
... had this for a few months and I really like it. I'm not sure when it happened
Great purchase
Don't hesitate
Great price
Happy
Clear protection.
Had to get a new one, but worth it.
This screen protector works great! I've dropped my phone several times and my ...
but this one is my absolute favorite. It was so easy to apply and came ...
I recommend
Terrible product and even worse customer service
Great screen protector!
One of the best screens on the market I have purchased several of ...
Easy to get on, unnoticeable during use
Great Product & Service !
Quick install - great quality
everything with the screen and the phone looks great. It was a very simple application
Great product and arrived as described
Really like the glass but installation was a tad difficult for ...
Aok
Five Stars
These things are awesome! Cheap
Five Stars
One Star
Make sure screen is completely clean before installing shield.
Honestly a lot better than expected
It comes with good instructions and everything you need to install it yourself
Not bad for the price
Five Stars
Breaks so your iPhone doesn't
Works well and easy installation
Good value
Easy installation Flaps; Better than most!
Easily installation
Double Check the Size Before Ordering!!
Five Stars
Great Phone Protection
Five Stars
Confident my iPhone Screen is Protected
It looks like glass, it's pretty thick as far as screen ...
What I wanted and more
Easy to install
Easy to put on
Easy to install and durable
Love it
They work
Good
Good fit, easy on
Five Stars
Good product
Clear directions and easy to install
Great deal
Must Have
I love this product
Average dollar tree product.
good product, works well
Great Product and Value
Easy application
like it am happy with it
Best screen protector in the market
Great protection.
This is a good buy.
Makes used look new again
It was so easy to install with helpful directions as well
Does its job
Supper fast shippig. great product.
Really great product. I've been using the ZAGG glass screen ...
Great!!
Get exactly what's expected
Totally Recommend!
but overall a nice screen protector
Very well made and a fraction of the price I ...
So far so good
I love it.
Super easy install
Excellent value, Super easy application, just as described
Covers MOST of the screen. Tiny gap, probably necessary.
Corner of protector cracked on arrival!
Would recommend.
Best Cover Ever
Great product
Great product! It comes with two clear protectors and ...
It works great
Pleasant to touch; doesn't cover screen.
Difficult removal.
Cheap and great!
Nope
Good customer service
Arrived quickly and as advertised. I was actually to ...
Good quality. Really protect my phone
saves your screen!
Great product! Would highly recommend to anyone with an iphone
Quick and east
Wish I had gotten the warranty sooner.
Good product
Four Stars
Great product. Apply a easily and the screen is ...
easy to apply
Don't waste your money!
Will never buy another brand~!!
It works great! My wife always drops her phone and these ...
I bought this tempered glass screen protector for my niece ...
Alright
Dropped phone and this saved my screen. Have to ...
Great support
Great!
Wrong size for any of the newer iPhones
Works just fine. Some difficulty applying it to the phone and ...
Excellent.
Not bad but not the best.
Five Stars
SUPER PROTECTOR!!! THE BEST !!
It works.
Screen cracked within a week
Quality Screen Protector
Cheap, but good quality!
Just like the one the phone store installed.  Easy to install.
I wanted a sleek case that didn't add much bulk ...
Decent product, good value.
Nice Product
Very nice!
Idiot Proof
Great protection
Product Works!
Do not buy!
More durable than normal tempered glass screen protectors.
Fragile
Worth the money and effort
Both cracked within 5 weeks
Will buy again
Five Stars
Five Stars
Looks great and protects my screen
Worth the money
Five Stars
Great product! Very easy to apply to my iPhone
Awesome
The product applied to the phone ok, but the ...
I would recommended getting a screen protector
Good choice
Great product!
They were super easy to put on and everything you need to ...
TERRIFIC!!!
Wonderful Tempered Glass Protective Screen Covers for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S!
Good screen protector.
Cheap-- invest in a better one!
So far so good!
Good Screen Protector But Even Better Customer Support
Four Stars
Great for trauma
Perfect everytime
Wonderful
Great
Shipped quickly in good packaging, provided clear instructions for installation and is ...
Amazing!!
Simple, easy, works
These are great! You never know it's there
Great product
Great product and even greater customer service!!
Bad Installation
Fool proof application.
Excellent product, excellent service
Five Stars
Great product!
Ordered the wrong size
but so far it seems to be doing a good job. I do keep my phone in my ...
Screen protector
Would no adhere on edges
very good product
Great product and costumer service
Really nice and very clear and doesn't interfere with touching the ...
Bought it twice!
I just bought this for my new iphone 8. ...
Great price. Good protduct
Quality
easy 123
Awesome
Great reviews, Inexpensive, nice packaging, but way to small to protect the screen.
Works good
The screen protector comes with two small handles, one ...
Phone protector.
Would recommend
Super effective protection
Five Stars
Glass protector took the crack and kept my display flawless!
It works better than the previous from another company which shattered and ...
Bad quality
Great screen protector
Easiest ever to install.
Ease of use
It’s ok
So easy to install and no bubbles
Excellent product
5 stars
Buy it now!!
Fantastic product, free lifetime replacement.
Five Stars
Five Stars
prevented hassle of replacement
Too small, barely covers the screen
Pleased.  74 yr old shakey hands
Adhesion problems
Great protection, easy to put on and clean, durable. Under-sizing a little annoying.
A must for cell phones
Do not purchase.
Nice screen protector
Scratch free clean screen
Five Stars
Good protectors. Very happy with them
Worked great on both phones I used it on
Exactly what I was looking for
Light weight & easy installation
Great quality for the price
So easy to install
No Bubbles
good protection
Great
I like it
Would Not Adhere to Screen
I drop my phone at least three times every day and this thing hasn't cracked.d
Five Stars
Beautiful
great but just a little narrow.
Five Stars
Three Stars
Excelente product
Instructions are not very clear. It states to peel ...
Good quality
Five Stars
Good
So easy to install - perfectly!
Great case
Buen producto
Great!
It went on very easily. I have applied many screen protectors and I ...
just fine
It’s cracked
Very good Screen protector especially for the price
Good
Dies not cover screen completely.
Saved my phone! I have dropped my phone several ...
So far so good. I've had it about a month now for ...
Five Stars
Valuable
Best Application!
seems to do a great job. Stays cleaner than previous protectors and wipes ...
Great product and great price
Fast shipping
Great!
Better than other screen protectors
Both pair cracked almost immediately
Awesome coverage!
Five Stars
Good feel but bubbles a lot
Leaves dust before application
Great product!
Screen Protector broke but not my screen
So far so good
Five Stars
Love it
Great product for a great price!
Excellent screen protector
I have used this product on 4 Iphones and each resulted in the same excellent finished product
Five Stars
Amazing product for an Amazing price!
Five Stars
This is a very good product. I especially appreciated the clear instructions and ...
Great item!
Because they are not super expensive, I order extra sets to have on ...
I would love to write a review but I ended verdantly ordered ...
The sales rep at the Verizon store recommended a real glass screen protector for my new iphone ...
Great product
Don’t be a man.
Three Stars
Doesn’t work
Precise alignment
So far so good
Sturdy!
Great product. A fraction of the price for what ...
Awesome
Perfect product
Good cheap protector
Recommend!
Five Stars
Protector skins didn’t adhere well.
Best product ever bought for my iPhone
Love my new screen protector
It definitely works!
Perfect  fit
Just right!
They look great and are perfect for my iPhone 6
Sturdy, clear
very nice fit, very easy to install
Great Bang for the Buck!
SUPER
Exactly as described!
Five Stars
Easy to put on and looks good - no bubbles
Picture quality is great
Best one out there
This glass protector is really easy to put on
Great product!
Held up
Very easy to put on the phone
Actually, don't buy this.
Screen fits perfect
Looks great. Pulled the old plastic sceen off my otter ...
Go To Apple for this priduct!!!
Easy and simple but doesn’t cover the screen all the way
They Came Right On Time!
Five Stars
Great Deal!
Very sturdy, works very good as far as protecting phone ...
Saved my iphone!
Thank you!!!
Doesn't adhere to screen around edges
Love the warranty
Good product
Four Stars
This does not come close to fitting the iPhone 7 ...
Doesn’t fit properly.
Bad Quality
It was hella easy to apply
Not durable
Good product
Protects my iPhone.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Perfect. Probably saved me hundreds.
Great screen protector
Great deal great quality
Great screen protector!
Good product.
Doesn't fit.
Overall a good product and exactly what we needed
Main selling point: Ease of installation!
Five Stars
Good product
Works great. Just be careful putting them on not to ...
Nice product,  nice price  !
Great quality
I’m happy
Very Happy with Product
Great product
Four Stars
As described
Fast deliver
Ease of application to phone
working great so
Excellent Screen Protector
great lasted a year before the h=started to chip in ...
Five Stars
Not needed
Phone slides off the table
These are awesome
Great
pretty cool installation
Four Stars
Fell off phone 1st day and fingerprints were very noticable and smeared the screen 1st day
I would highly recommend!
Five Stars
... review I've written for Amazon but this product is great! First
Screen protector
Worked great on my iphone
Do it right.
Feels and works like it's not even there
Great price for a 2 pk.
Excellent material and easy to apply.
Ok glass screen protector
Easy to install by yourself
Protects well but doesn't stick around the edges
Super easy to install
but so far so good with this brand
Loving this! I can actually feel the glass layer ...
Five Stars
Fits well
Five Stars
Very pleased. Great price easy to put on
Easy to install as long as one follows the directions
Very nice screen protector for iPhone 6s
Very easy to put on
I have a daughter that is a Butterfinger and she ...
The Easiest One I've Ever Used
Good quality
Received it quickly and it fits great!
Seamless Protection
Not as durable as last ones purchased
It can be tricky to get the protector on there ...
It Cracked - Not my screen!!
Excellent
Great product!
Perfect product
Quality, value, easy to install, complete kit.
does its job
I would not suggest these screen protectors.
Works great
Liked so much I bought it again
Works perfectly
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazing!!
Good product. Wrong size..
Best screen protector I’ve ever owned!
Great Glass Cellphone Screens at Awesomely-Low Prices
Great product
These were easy to apply
Item arrived on time and as expected; my husband ...
installation was easy, just make sure the glass align correctly
Great product
Doesn’t fit iPhone 8
Excellent!
This is the one
I really liked! Meet the description
Ok
choose this one!
Five Stars
Seems durable but one was cracked upon arrival
Excellent protectors! Feels just like the normal screen
Was good not much complains
Easy to apply and no bubbles!!
Sleek, Easy to use
Excellent screen protector, definitely recommended!
Perfect
Installs easy and surprisingly clear
Great purchase for me.
Good product
I love this screen protector
Five Stars
Not recommended
No bubbles
Install was easy for once
Didn’t last
really work to protect your phone!
Good Product, Excellent Customer Service
I def recommend this
Saved My Phone!!!
I didn't get it on just right but I do like it and glad to have protection for my phone
It was very easy to put on
Don't chance it!
Nice quality and fit well with my case
Better than the $50 screen at Verizon/Apple Stores
Good quality
Would buy again
Stronger than I anticipated.
Fits best on the 6
Best Screen Protector!
Made putting the glass on a breeze with perfect alignment. This is the best screen protector I ...
Best protector I've used yet!
... less than a catastrophic screen crack (the entire screen terribly spidered). I had the previous tempered glass cover ...
Doesn't fit correctly.
Easiest install screen protector ever...
The price is right too!
TechMatte iPhone Glass Screen Protector
It helps to protect the phone!
Definte buy
Great quality and price!
Five Stars
Perfect screen protection
Great screen protector!
Excellent screen protector
Not wide enough
Easy to apply
Looks great!
Five Stars
I love how easy these are to put on
Five Stars
Lole nothing is on the screed
Other than that it is a good product & I will buy it again for new ...
This is such an easy buy for further electronics
Good quality!
Easy to install and feels nice
Very happy with product so far
Cheap
Great quality and getting two is a great deal!
Awesome product.
Five Stars
Not good quality of product.
Was easy to apply
Easiest application of a screen protector
Excellent Product
Great Product
Don’t buy.
Product works great for a great price
Simple, durable, and easy application!
Five Stars
Great screen protector!
which makes it very easy to follow step by step
Great product!
Goes on easy
great screen protector
A very wise investment for your mobile phone
Love the product and the protection it provides
Five Stars
Completely Satisfied
Five Stars
Fits great on my iPhone 7 but it fell off bed ...
We've ordered 4 packs and although there was difficulty with ...
Easy to use
Very easy to apply. Seems well made
Worth it!
These are great screen protectors!
One of the worst things about phones are adding the protector screens
too small
Doesn’t fit
Easy Application, but NOT great quality.
Dollar store plastic wrap would have been easier!
Okay for price
Fits perfect
Loved the wet and dry cleaning cloths that were included ...
Great protection
iPhone 7 Screen Protector
Does the job..sort of
Good
i loved the first one I got because It still does ...
Oversized, overhangs
Five Stars
... this for a few days but the quality feels better than other brands I've purchased
Excellent
Nice Product
Three Stars
Great product!!
Broke instantly
I will buy again!
Bubbles around edges
Good quality!!
They work great.
the screen protectors seem to be as nice as the most expensive brand
Easy, easy install...
I will definitely buy these again!
Five Stars
Easy to install - make sure you get it perfectly ...
Excellent!
Protect your phone
Works great! I've dropped my phone many times and zero ...
Great screen protector at a great price
Great product
Easy Installation
Finally, something made well
Probably the easiest screen protector I've ever put on. ...
Five Stars
looks great, and feels great when using your Apple device
Ok
Can't get too stick down all the way
Great Service!
I love these screen protectors
Screen cover
Great product
Durable!
Your screen will be bubbles
I have used this screen protector for a couple weeks ...
Works
Five Stars
Very simple to put on and fits the phone great. They include a lot of accessories to make ...
Busyshopper
Great product so far i love how it comes in ...
Broke easily
Quality, quantity and warranty trifecta
Easy installation
110% Satisfied
Great shield
Best one I ever gotten!
Evrything included for installation.
Perfect for everyone
Great quality!
Teenage boy proof!
Great value
Five Stars
Four Stars
Solid and strong
Excellent product!
Five Stars
Good one, as expected
Five Stars
👍
Good Stuff
Easy to install!
Great Glass Protector
Easy to apply added protection
Great for the price
Good
It needs better directions, but I looked online for instructions on ...
Easiest screen protector to put on!
Great screen protector
Such a bargain for great quality!
so good. Have this for about a week now
Comes with a whole application kit to ensure a bubble-less ...
Great product. Easy to apply on my phone
High quality tempered glass screen protector.
Works Great
yes, it does protect your screen.
Good clear screen easier to install then you might think ...
Great!
I like the screen protector
Five Stars
Genius.
These screen protector kits are the BEST on the market
not for shaky hands but good product
I have gone through a few of these protectors. ...
Fits perfect. Have installed many protectors in the past and ...
Best Glass Phone Protector on The Market!
Awesome!
Great buy
Good quality, but a little small?
Good for the price
Not your typical screen protector.
It actually works!
Great product and excellent customer service
Highly recommend!
Five Stars
Five Stars
This protector works great! Pretty easy to put on (definitely follow their ...
Five Stars
Great buu
Great screen protector.  Fits iPhone 8.
👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽
Nice
Quality and Price!!!!!
Good product
Works like a charm
Good product
Doesn't work with iPhone 7 because of round edges
My Screen is Hopeless without it...
Not pleased with durability of product. Fortunately there were
Awesome Product!!!!!
Great capacity in a slim design.
I have pretty much just one qualification for this product - that ...
Fantastic!
Don’t purchase it
Five Stars
Didn’t work quite as well as it says it would
Good value and easy to install
Awesome deal
Dependable quality and fit
Perfect
Clear and easy to use
Super happy customer here!
This glass screen protector is amazing. It works just as good as the other ...
Perfect fit
Repeat purchaser
Pretty good
Great quality for reasonable price.
Great fit
Love
Wrong size sent
Great screen protector
I love the tempered glass screen protectors
So far so good
It's a great kit. The screen protectors have handles and two ...
Great Value
Broken down right way
Screen is protected
Fit both iPhone 8 and 6 perfectly
Five Stars
Great product.
Cracked upon opening  1 screen out of 2
The best screen protectors
Five Stars
The best!
Works like a charm
Zero protection
screen
Wonderful Product
Application is relatively easy if you follow the directions and make sure there's ...
Great Product
This is the best screen protector I have ever bought for an iPhone
Good product
Excellent screen protector at an affordable price
Five Stars
Great product from a great company
Four Stars
Exactly as expected
It is sooo easy!
Easy installation, instant protection
Broke my phone
Five Stars
Awesome product
So far so good
Buy this
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great screen saver,saved my phone!
Worked Great
Five Stars
BAD PRODUCT
Nice anti-scratch!
awesome protector
Perfect
Great Screen Protection
Quality kit!
Very pleased with this purchase
Great for the price
Pretty good
Your actual screen will crack before this "protector" will...
This is the best screen protector that I have ever used!
Will buy more ! Highly recommend
WILL BUY AGAIN!
Ok
Clear glass screen protector is great
Worth every penny
Air pockets only flaw
iPhone 7 screen protector
Oh my god this thing has saved my phone so ...
Five Stars
Easy to install and works flawlessly
Good for the price
Love It!
Great glass screen protector
Tested and passed.... great value
Great product at a great price...
N/a
Best screen protector ever!!
Five Stars
Good for iPhone 7
Super Protection!!
Amazing protection and great look!
Not user friendly.
Great, durable and easy to install
She said it worked fine and she used the video online to show her ...
Easy to place and has saved my screen on more ...
Perfect fit and product
Best screen protector I've ever used.
Four Stars
Cannot access the sound on/off switch of iphone.
Great!
Too small
Great value with easy install
These work!!!
Works good to protect my screen but already has a 1 ...
You need this!
A+
Wonderful Glass Screen Protector
So far, so good!
Good product for iPhone 6s
Great Product!
Nice and great for the price
Five Stars
Very good deal!
Not for me
Does not cover enough of the screen.
Great price Please with my
Five Stars
Five Stars
One of the screens were defective
Incredible quality and value!
Great buy.
Easy Install
Best value on Amazon!
Easy to apply
Screen cover
Screen protector installed quickly and easily. Really nice product
Four Stars
Durable and Protective
Nice! Can't tell it is on there
As described
Works great! Fit perfectly and truly has protected my phone
One Star
Fast service & a great product
They thought of everything!
it is really perfect, especially
Weird application but great product!
So far so good! I haven't dropped my phone yet so I ...
Muy buena
Excellent product
I didn’t take it off for 9 months and i had cracked my phone in these 9 months and it cracked pretty bad and turns out
It's ok
great instructions, product as promised as great price
Good deal. Fast delivery.
Five Stars
Easy application. Love em.
Amazing!
Great screen protector
easy to install compared to most brand
Good product
Great value for the price
these break instead of the screen - good to
Easy transaction
I really think this is a solid product and when ...
Very High Quality Screen Protector
Edges don’t stick.
Awesome!!
... to get this on with no dust bubbles but love this product and it was very forgiving of my ...
Application could be better
perfect
Extremely easy and well described installation process
Crystal clear
SAVE YOUR SCREEN!!
Does NOT fit a 7PLUS.
just a nice flat surface without those annoying pockets of air or ...
Better than the name brand!!
but these by far are the best. Easiest to get the bubbles out of as ...
One Star
Love these screen protectors!
Works as expected
great screen protectors perfect fit for my iphone 7
Full Package
... but it went on without a hitch and looks great!
Nice protector
Easy to use
Fits good too!
Installation was a snap!
Good quality, looks durable.
Great product!
As good as advertised
Five Stars
Okay but not thrilled about the air bubbles and edges coming up
The glass was very easy to apply to my phone and I appreciated that ...
Bargain screen protector kit
¡ Not Bad For The Price !
Five Stars
So far the protector itself has done a nice job of resisting scratches
works well!
Nice and thick and easy install.
Can’t beat the quality.
Well worth it
Unfortunately, I've already had an opportunity to find out ...
Protect your screen
it was probably my fault the scratches appeared and I didn't notice so I took better care carrying my phone instead of stuffing
Seems like good quality
Five Stars
Five Stars
Highly recommend!
Five Stars
Five Stars
easy to use, no bubbles.
Think twice before purchasing the product
Screen cover
Very durable
Five Stars
Easy to apply
Great screen protector
When you follow the directions, it is a simple ...
It saved my phone about a week after I got ...
fine
Do it's job.
Excellent product. Very easy to install thanks to built ...
Does not work - cracked my phone screen
Great customer service
Good picture quality.
did not fit my phones
Very good product.
Good 🌈
Amazing quality for a great price
Five Stars
Bought multiple times
Fingers Crossed
Four Stars
arrived quickly and very easy to apply
Good but not great.
iPhone 7 Glass screen
Good product
Excellent screen covers
Love these!
The best iPhone screen cover I've ever bought
Bubbles won't go away
This screen protector is great. I had the original glass protector that I ...
Great product
Great product!
easy to apply
Great product!
Fits as expected
Great quality, great value!
I got these protectors for a Caseology case. But ...
Worth the PRICE!!!
Perfect budget screen protector!
Fits like a glove
Five Stars
love it!
Good
I would buy this product again
Five Stars
My actual screen cracked worse than the screen protector
Excellent quality and it came with complete kit needed to ...
Fits perfect.
Easy to apply screen protector
What a Bargain!
Easy to apply, no bubbles!
This is a superior product to the OtterBox screen saver
Quick and easy
Easy to apply and came with everything to do so ...
I really like this screen protector
Strong and clear
The screen protector is amazing. It fit perfect & it was easy to ...
Perfect protection
Awesome product
Easy to apply
Five Stars
Had one of these on for over a year and ...
Five Stars
I was pleased all the way around
Great value
Best bang for your buck
Recommend-able
Glass cover for a IPhone 7
Best I've ever used
Five Stars
Easy to use, with crystal clarity when on my phone!
It works!
Amazing Quality!
Best protection a few dollars can buy.
Value
Poor Fit for 6S
Highly Recommended
Loved this product, recommended
Works great
Great protection for a great price
but it's just fine if you have a case
Five Stars
Quality profuct
Great product
Refund Policy = A+
My phone looks great again!
Working well so far
Great protection so far!
... fresh out of the box and it has been perfect. I didn't give it 5 stars because I ...
It was super simple to install
Perfect Products
The screen protectors are nice quality and arrived on time
Works great
Great product
Easy to apply!
Highly recommend this product!
Five Stars
Recommended
Good fit!
Fits Perfectly
Quick shipping, clear instructions. Have not dropped the ...
Excellent just buy it already!
Doesn't work
You need this screen protector
Works great!!
Great Screen Protector
Great product
It works!
Great product for great price
Great product!!
I found a winner!
Great product, even better support
Excellent product
Works great, just make sure you clean screen perfectly
Just okay
iPhone glass protector of good quality
goes on great. 10 minutes
TERRIBLE
Great product!
Not worth the money
Sides don't stick on iphone 8
Great job!
Easy to “install”
Five Stars
Great customer service
Great Product!
loved it!
Superior product
Easy installation/good quality
Three Stars
Great product nice kit with everything you'll need
Easy to install
This is a replacement for the defective screen I received ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Doesn’t fit for iphone7
Excellent price for a great product
Protected my phone from a five foot drop. Cracked ...
Excellent product!
the protector is excellent quality and will definitely extend the life of your ...
Five Stars
Haven’t dropped my phone yet
Easy to use
Seems Great So Far
Four Stars
Greatest screen protector
Recommended
Five Stars
Excellent product!!!
Easy to apply
Five Stars
Been using this brand for two years now. Best application method. Best quality.
Very nice.
I bought this for my iphone and dropped a small ...
I absolutely love this screen protector
Easy to put on
works great. haven't cracked my phone yet and it even ...
Everything you need for easy installation.
Great case for the iPhone.
Great Price for Product
Does it's work
They were fine. Even following the directions carefully the first protector ...
Good product
Five Stars
Five Stars
Satisfied customer!
I never (ever) take the time to write product reviews ...
Don't even think about it Jst get it!!
Worked like a charm
So far so good. Everyone swears by these glass screens
Screen Protected
Buy something else
Not happy
It's better than having a cracked screen!
Easy to apply
Quality product
Excelente
Great
Great screen protector
Five Stars
Durable screen protector
and this one definitely does not disappoint! Fits perfectly and is case-friendly
Five Stars
I think I got a dud.
Arrived damaged
Buy a better one. This didn’t protect my screen at all
Terrible product
Recommended for Iphone 6S
Four Stars
Don’t waste your money
Haven’t dropped it yet but good quality
Great protector. Does just as it says
Five Stars
High Quality
Very easy application and I like that it comes with 2 ...
excellent product with a reasonable price
Worked Perfectly
Five Stars
Bubble Free Protection
Screen Protector IPhone 7
