 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is book 6 in the Harry Potter book series by J.K. Rowling.  It is a thicker book than the previous books, and it is a lot heavier for sure.  The quality of the book itself is excellent.  Dust-jacket is very nice.  Constructed same as the previous books.  Story-wise, things just get more and more interesting that you can't put the book down and don't want to stop until you find out what is next after each page.<br/><br/>This is my favorite book of the entire series.  It is very dark in some places, but the flashbacks into the past in where we learn so much about Voldemort or Tom Riddle are very interesting and engaging.  Danger is everywhere.  Everything seems to be at risk, and you just don’t know what will happen next.  Nothing seems to be safe anymore.  There is also a little romance, but tension as well.  It’s a pretty big book.  A lot of pages to read.  But, I was able to read it over a weekend or so with determination.<br/><br/>There are so many plot lines in this book, and the pace does not let up from first page to the last page.  There are new twists and turns.  I cannot reveal without spoiling. This is definitely an excellent book.<br/><br/>I recommend this book for sure.  It is priced fairly I think on Amazon.  If you have Amazon Prime, the 2-day Free shipping is nice.
 This is at least my fifth reading of this, easily my favorite book of the HP series. I get more out of each book upon every re-read, and this one especially. One of the great joys of the series, and especially of HBP, is the humor JKR manages to thread throughout the story, even as things are sad, or scary, or serious. The tiny references to Harry's burgeoning affection for Ginny, the way Fred and George manage to slip in one-liners even as chaos is erupting around them, it always feels like a gift from the author. This book, maybe more than any of the others, also really takes the time for character development. This is the book where Hermione becomes one of the great female characters in fiction, and where Harry stops being the victim of constant happy accidents and starts making his own choices. Plus it's just a really great mystery story! And ties in so importantly (obviously) with the overarching mythology.<br/><br/>I will always remember receiving this book the day it was published (July 2007, right?), a day I had to go to a wedding and also shop for a big dinner party. I hid the book under my seat at the wedding and kept turning the pages behind my ankles, only looking up at the ceremony every page or so. Then I had the book balanced on my shopping cart, blindly tossing vegetables and cans in as fast as I could. When I got home, I finished the rest of the book by 2am, texting with my sister, saying, "I'm on page xxx." We finished within a few minutes of each other, exchanging comments on what sobbing messes we were. Later that week, I was walking to lunch and saw a girl sitting in the sun outside of the bank (where she presumably worked). She had the book in her lap and her head in her hands, obviously on one of the sad, stressful final chapters. I wanted to just go over and give her a hug.
 The movies are wonderful BUT the Books Are ALWAYS Better! Why? You get the whole story as written by the original author!!! Nothing cut out or story lines Changed Entirely by editors or others who must squeeze and manipulate the ORIGINAL STORIES so as to fill a time slot, or showcase  certain (undeserving)  actors who wiggle their way into more “air time”...manipulating the original plot lines..It Shows to those of us who know. SO READ THE BOOKS, its like 50% more Harry Potter PLUS “THE REAL, UNDULTERATED, UNTOUCHED STORY.  You should buy hard covered books because you WILL want to hand them down to your kids, grandkids, friends, and keep for yourself.  These stories deserve re-reading!  BUY THE BOOKS, you can get full sets!  It is so very worth it and make great gifts for kids or fans of any age.  GOOD LUCK, ENJOY!
 I got hooked on these books by accident around when the second movie came out.  After that, I had to read them all and I was one of those people who would buy the book at the midnight release.<br/>The same happened with my mother so I started buying them for her on in large print so she could easily read them without straining her eyes.<br/>The story is simple without being too over-the-top fantasy (my opinion) like other series I could never really get into.
 As I wrote before:  I just love all Harry Potter books, they are very engaging and beautifully written.  Plenty of details describing characters and the magical world, which combined with Rowling's sense of humor make these books a masterpiece.  I'd say easy to read even for a 4th. Grader, but at the same time people from any age will enjoy them.  Please let me put them this way:  I first watched the movies and I loved them, then I read the books and now I am disappointed about the movies.  There is so much detail, important facts, and character development that the movies don't show which makes reading the books a must.  Won't be disappointed about the books.
 The Sixth Book is when motivations become clear, alliances are broken, and the risks are higher. Two VERY important plot points happen in this book. One is a huge death toward the end of the book, which I won't spoil for new readers. And the other is the background on Tom Riddle and how he came to be Lord Voldemort. You learn about his birth mother and her terrible family, you learn about Tom Riddle, Sr. and his family, and you learn how Voldemort used Dark Magic to extend his life. All very exciting and new stuff happen in this novel.<br/><br/>I didn't really feel the length of this book unlike OOTP. Very good read. Obviously if you have gotten this far in the series you would undoubtedly read this novel, so don't delay and finish this book!
 Holy crap. After I read "Order of the Phoenix" I stopped the series for about 6 months. That book was dreadful and I wasn't even sure I wanted to keep reading. But I had to, I had come so far.<br/><br/>With "Half-blood I read it in a week. I couldn't put it down! From the first freaking page this book was a million times better than the last one and at this point my favorite in the series.<br/><br/>Even with having for knowledge because I'm super late to reading the series, I still enjoyed every twist and turn with this book and I'm assuming the movie will upset me like they all have but the book was still delicious.<br/><br/>And I don't care what anyone says, I REFUSE to believe that Snape is redeemable. But I guess I'll just have to read "Deathly Hallows" to find out.
 Here is where Harry finally has to become a man and shoulder the responciciblity of fighting his enimies to the death if need be.  This is a bitter sweet journey into the coming conclusion neither can live while the other survives.  Voldemort or Potter it is will worth the read.  I have reserved 5 star status to few books.  I have read thousands and books and This series i have read 5 or more times.  Find out why strat at the beginning and explore the wonderful of magic....
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is my favorite book in the Harry Potter series. The story is fast paced and gripping, and the characters become even more complex. While I would highly recommend the entire Harry Potter series, this book in particular has made me appreciate the story even more so. It is rare to experience so many different emotions while reading one book, but this story accomplished that and more!
 Amazing book! I love reading about harry and the rest of the magical world!<br/>Though this book is a little darker, our characters are a little older and I am enjoying the transition from childhood to adulthood.<br/>This book was also tremendously sad in the end, I am very saddened, even though I knew it would happen, it still bothered me.<br/>I also see Snape in a much different light in the books. In the movie I liked Snape, I knew he was good, but he is a complete nit in the books lol!
 Incredible.<br/><br/>I'm amazed that Rowling is able to keep pace with the levels of creativity and depth set by the first 5 books, but this is just as gripping and satisfying. Obviously leading up to the seventh book, there are more unanswered questions at the end of this book thsn the previous ones. There is also disappointment. The ending is very unexpected and sad. Can't wait to read the seventh.<br/><br/>I read all these books years ago. Now I am 30 and re-reading them. They are even better than I remembered. Truly incredible writing. Possibly the best series I've ever read.
 I first found out about the Harry Potter series when looking through one of those book pamphlets that my school gave me full of age appropriate books (I believe I was around 11 at the time).  There was a combo of the first three books.  I had never heard of them at the time but the pictures and the little blurb about them must have piqued my interest because I promptly ordered them.  I immediately fell in love with the series.  I ordered the next right when it came out, and the next, and the next(this one).  With every release my anticipation for its sequel rose exponentially.  When this book arrived (very promptly thanks to the amazon day 1 pre-order) I instantly read it in one full sitting, slept, and then read it again. This book has such twists, turns and cliff hangers that I almost went mad with insanity knowing that there was still one last book and I had to wait and unknown amount of time.  The horror!<br/><br/>Anyone purchasing these books today won't have to deal with such a wait, for better or worse.  Lucky you! I hesitate to recommend ordering one book a year, forcing yourself to wait for the next release.  I hesitate because I do not want to be responsible for any child's inevitable insanity.
 This is more about Snape than about Harry, and leaves us even more confused about what he's up to.  5 stars because it's up to the high standards of the series, not anything particular about the story.  It's as suspenseful as ever. We'll just have to hang in there until the series hopefully comes to a satisfying conclusion.
 Excellent book had some areas where I went back and read again, as I had missed the meaning. But the book was remarkably well written not leaving a stone unturned. One of the best of the series of stories. Can't wait for the next one, which I already bought.
 Perhaps I should wait until after I've read book seven of the series before reviewing this one; there are things that could possibly happen in that book that would raise my rating of this one to four stars. But in the end, the book needs to stand or fail on its own merits, as has every other book in the series, and on its own merits, it's only passable.<br/><br/>Granted, the writing is still very good, and the overall plotline (the one spanning all the books) is compelling. But unlike the first five books of the series, there was no separate plot that belonged to this book alone that was successfully navigated by Harry and his friends; what little plot it had other than its part in the main overview ended badly. Which brings me to my next complaint: it is just depressing. Granted, if one is telling a classical tale of heroic conflict, it is a weakness to have a superior "Merlin" type to aid the hero unless he is severely limited, so it was eventually going to be necessary to explain why Dumbledore couldn't have done anything that Harry could in order to defeat Voldemort. But we had a good groundwork for explaining that; the whole scar-on-the forehead thing, indicating that Harry was somewhat proof against Voldemort, might have been justification enough. In any case, even if it WAS a necessary plot device, that doesn't mean I have to like it.<br/><br/>But what's more (and REALLY a legitimate complaint) is that, if something isn't done in book seven to ameliorate the effect, what we have just seen is the absolute, total undercutting of the main message of the series so far, as told by Dumbledore to Harry: if Dumbledore's message to Harry (and to all appearances, Rowlings' to the reader) is that the power of love (and trust) will defeat the powers of darkness, then Dumbledore, by being done in by his trust of Snape has proven that his message is flawed. As I say, it is possible that this complaint will be cancelled out by events in the next book, but until I see that, I have to mark this book down for that apparent flaw.<br/><br/>Also, just for the sake of quibbling over minor flaws, I really HATED the "Spider-Man breaks up with Mary Jane" scene at the end of the book in which Peter (oops, sorry, Harry) trys to break off with all of his friends in order to keep them safe from his powerful enemy. PLEASE. So long as he cares about them, they aren't safe, so he may as well show them the courtesy of allowing them the choice of whether to cower under their beds or try to help him.
 Following the death of Sirius Black from #5 (at least he was finally proved innocent), the revelation of the stupid prophecy, and the wizard world embracing Harry as a hero once again, a new Minister has taken over as the wizarding world gears up for round 2 with Voldemort. Meanwhile, Harry collaborates with Dumbledore to learn the hidden secrets of Voldemort's past, which leads to the revelation of the horcruxes that devide up the big V's soul, thus we get the very clue we need as to how to kill the  ...]. Meanwhile, Ron &amp; Hermione go through another major falling out. Just when it looked like they were on the verge of dating, Ron rejects Hermione and starts dating classmate Lavender Brown instead, leaving Hermione heart-broken and alone, but it is mostly to spite Hermione after learning that she kissed Viktor Krum. Hermione jealously tries to get even by inviting the egomaniacal Cormac McLaggen to be her date for a Christmas party, but he proves to be more than she can handle and she ends up hiding from him all night. The lovers spat gets worse and worse until Ron is accidentally poisoned, frightening Hermione very much, and they reconcile; Ron later breaks up with Lavender. Harry finds himself falling in love with Ron's younger sister Ginny, which throws him for a loop (I guess men in the Potter family cannot resist red haired women); just when Harry and Ginny finally get together and get down to some lovin', tragic circumstances tear them apart. Revelations about Snape also abound as Harry's suspicions of the potion master grow, while Draco finally falls flat on his face. And where does the "Half-Blood Prince" fit into all this?<br/><br/>Reading these jumbo Potter books is like trying to run a marathon, but this one is better than 4 and 5 by virtue of being more focused and concentrated and less obsessed with angst. Ron, unfortunately, is once again pretty much useless here, serving little purpose than to fill up space, annoy Ginny by acting like a stereotypical over-protective older brother, and then annoy Hermione by treating her like crap. It's a shame because it seemed like he should be evolving into a stronger character, as the groundwork was clearly there for him to become such from book 1, but Miss Rowling alas chose to sabotage her own character; she doesn't even describe his contributions to the climactic fight at the end. Well, after being so smug and full of herself in the 5th book, seeing Hermione suffer the pain of a broken heart was a fun change pace, the few moments where she endures the role reversal of glaring daggers at Ron while he's with Lavender while trying to reconcile her resentment over the rejection proves to be much more interesting than Ron doing his "I don't like Krum" schtick.<br/><br/>I like the idea of Harry being with Ginny, and the whole thing with his jealousy towards her former boyfriend Dean Thomas being personafied as a "scaly beast" was funny, but the relationship could have used more development and ended up feeling very rushed. Hopefully book 7 might flesh it out a bit more.<br/><br/>Despite those complaints, this is the best one since book 3. Here's hoping book 7 lives up to the hype.
 My copy arrived from Amazon before noon on the 16th July, and I finished reading it on the 18th. By the time I'd finished the book, I found nearly 1000 reviews on Amazon. I've spent the last couple of days going through most of the reviews. Is there anything else to write?<br/><br/>One aspect that struck me in this 6th book is that, after the death of a prominent character, we join the community of Hogwarts and many others from the world of Magic for the funeral and burial of that personage. This scene was striking in the sense that it is the first time that we (and the characters of course) are allowed to say good-bye to a loved one. There have been many murders through the earlier volumes, and all of these leave their mark, but this funeral makes a difference. We don't hear much of the eulogies, but with Harry, we survey the crowd, recognize the mourners, are surprised by some of those who have come forward to pay respects, and we watch Harry as he goes back in his memory, recalling good times and painful ones.<br/><br/>And, like many funerals, this one give courage to the living, specifically to Harry to take responsibility for his life and to move forward with determination. After the shock of the betrayal and murder that we witness with Harry, his deep sense of resolution at the end of the funeral make us realize that -- yes, he will soon be 17 and an adult in the Wizarding world.<br/><br/>Many have said that this book is "darker" than the previous books. My sense is that, after the funeral, there is more light than darkness. Yes, Voldemort and his armies are powerful, but there is a new solidarity among those who refuse to cower to darkness. My sense is that we walk away from that funeral with more courage than we would otherwise have had, because we see a new type of calm and determination in Harry even as he mourns.<br/><br/>At the end of Book 5, Albus Dumbledore expressed his concern that Harry had been thrust into fighting evil at too tender an age. Prof. Dumbledore, throughout Book 6, has continued to guide and mentor Harry (as the cover art had suggested). Now, at the end of Book 6, we can be confident that, young though he still is, Harry IS ready.<br/><br/>Thanks, JK, for bringing us along this far!
 We decided to review this particular book because the movie by the same name is coming out this week. It should be no secret to anyone who knows Jane and I that we are fans of the entire Harry Potter series. In my view, the best book in the series is the first one, but I have to say that this is probably the second best. There are those who would argue that Goblet of Fire is better, but my impression of that volume is that it's overlong. What I like about Half-Blood Prince is that it presents some humorous romantic entanglements while at the same time offering unexpected surprises and setting you up for the final book in the series. And let me say also that I don't think you should read Half-Blood Prince until you have read the five books that precede it. It's not that you won't understand the story or be absorbed by some of the most well-defined characters in fiction. It's just that following Harry on his journey from day one is far better than meeting him at the age of 16 and then later learning his back story. If you, like me, have already read the entire series, then you have a decision to make. Do you want to re-read the book, so that you can better determine what has been left out of the movie, or do you want to try and forget the book so that you can enjoy the movie on its own terms? I have no recommendation either way, other than to say that books are almsot always better than the films that are made from them and the Harry Potter books are no exception.<br/><br/>Jim Herrin<br/> ...]
 What I Loved:  This book I think is the one Harry finally starts to grow up a little though he is still way to angry for my taste.  It has been a long time since I was 16 so maybe that is normal with all the loss that he has had in his life.  I loved how they kind of split up the team for a bit so they could understand how important they were to each other.  Also, I like the blossoming of young love that happened in this book because if you aren't fighting for love and hope then what is the point.  Loved the Weasley twins as always! They are the right amount of lightness that is needed in dark times!<br/><br/>Just my thoughts:  This isn't my favorite book in the series--never has been.  To be honest, there are times when I think Malfoy is growing up more than Harry.  I don't like Malfoy but his journey has kind of been the flip side of Harry's all along.  Ron and Hermoine again to me are the best friends anyone can have.  They put up with so much from Harry and until the very last of the book I don't think he realizes how luck he really is.<br/><br/>Why I gave it a 4:  Mostly has to do with Harry---his anger, especially after the last book, really kind of didn't work for me.  Also, don't like how he constantly questions Dumbledors thoughts on Snape.  Still a really great book though.<br/><br/> ...]
 I can not believe this is the book that the movie was made from. How can they leave so much out. This seems to be the most amazing and heart breaking of all the books. I'm just so happy to have decided to read the books. I still love the movies but it's like reading a new story after each one.
 If you've ever heard Jim Dale read one of the Harry Potter books, you don't need me to tell you how wonderfully he does it. If you haven't heard him, do yourself a favor and get the unabridged CDs instead of, or in addition to, the text copy... it will greatly enhance your experience of J.K. Rowling's works.<br/><br/>Jim does each role in voices so individually distinct that you forget there is only one person in front of the microphone. Drive, knit, cook - whatever you do while listening will go so much faster as you become more and more enraptured by the tales of Harry, Dumbledore, Ron, Hermione, Hagrid, and Snape. Hearing Dale's portrayal of each rounds out the characters in a way that printed text simply can't... yet, unlke the feature films, no part of Rowling's writing or intent is lost in this version.<br/><br/>As far as this book (6) itself, I confess that I felt, at the end, that the majority of it was intended to set up Book 7. That didn't detract from my enjoyment of it, but definitely left me hanging, wanting more, and with unanswered questions. But Rowling's imagination hasn't faltered, and the story was certainly very "readable".<br/><br/>I wouldn't feel I had actually "read" the book until I had listened to Dale's interpretation - I have purchased all of the Harry Potter books in hardcover *and* unabridged audio and I think the recordings help a "reader" to get more out of each tale. Dale is as good as Patrick Stewart doing his one-man "A Christmas Carol".
 Well written book.  Terrible condition.
 I can never say enough about the quality of this author's writing in her Harry Potter books.  Each book I read, I am tossed into the wonderland of suspense and it is very difficult to put the book down.  The young man's personality and character never stray from her first book as he ages and learns about the world, fighting to make things right.  Loved it.
 This book really sets the stage for the finale. It's great how J.k can take you from pure happiness to absolute sadness with a few scrachs of her quill. She is an absolute genius and really knows how to tell a story and set the mood and stage for an epic adventure. That's what this series is, it's an adventure.
 I have to admit that I anxiously awaited this novel for months and was a little put off with the way it starting. It was slow! So much back story that I was reading as quickly as possible to get to the good stuff. Well, i didnt have to wait very long. This was a wonderful story (like there was really any doubt).<br/><br/>Rather than a set mission or goal we are able to take the time to learn more about our main characters. The relationships grow between Hermione and Ron, Harry and Genny, and Harry and Dumbledore. They are truely coming into their teen years, with all of the emotional drama that comes with that time...as well as facing the return of Voldemort.<br/><br/>Dumbledore decides to confide in Harry as he should have done a long time ago - to tell him what is to come and how to stop it.<br/><br/>Draco plays a much larger role that just the school enemy of Harry but as a true threat to the future.<br/><br/>I must say the ending was truly shocking for me, I wont give anything away, but I felt almost all the way to the end that the betrayor was just pretending. That he was pretending to take sides, but he was not. I cried all the way to the end and when I finished I was left with an empty feeling.<br/><br/>Heres wishing the best of luck to Harry as he takes the next step toward the final battle.
 Let me say first off that I am a fan of the Harry Potter books and I think Ms. Rowling has done a brilliant job with developing what is effectively one long tale stretched over a series of books.  That said, this book is probably the least good in the series so far.  I say this for one major reason: until the last 100 pages, nothing much happens.<br/><br/>Granted, it's fun to see the relationships develop between Ron &amp; Hermione and Harry &amp; Ginny.  And Ms. Rowling offers some intrigue with the half-blood prince's potion book and the unknown nature of Snape's unbreakable vow interspersed between the typical quidditch matches and school ups and downs.  And yet, this book is a tougher row to hoe than the previous volumes.<br/><br/>Until, that is, the last 100 pages.  Here we have the revelations and excitement that have made the Harry Potter series so successful.  I will not give anything away, of course, but, needless to say, these last pages are worth the work to get there.<br/><br/>It's difficult to quibble with a novelist as successful as Rowling.  Still, it will be interesting to see where this book stands when it finds its place within the soon-to-be completed canon of Harry Potter.
 I had "Harry" on my bookshelf (the first 3 books) for the last several years.  I thought I'd collect them for my grandchildren.  In April, I picked the first one up and read it and...that was it!  I was hooked !  In the last 12 weeks, I've read the entire series.  These books are not just for children, and I know that's been said a million times.  Adults who love a good fantasy, action, mystery, humor, and all out adventure will love the Harry Potter series.  JK Rowling writes such wonderful stories with a little Stephen King, George Martin, ET, Alice in Wonderland, Lord of the Rings, Nancy Drew (Heromine), and the Wizard of Oz all all thrown in the mix.  You become apart of Harry's world very quickly and grow to love so many of the characters.  Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince was great book with a shocker of an ending that had the tears flowing down my face (You can't help but cry).  Ironically, I found myself chuckling a few years back at all the "crazy" people who would stand in line for hours waiting on the next Harry Potter book.  NOW, I'm going to be the first one in line waiting on the 7th and final book :-)  I've spent the last two months with Harry on an every day basis.  I'm feeling a little lost today; I will definitely miss him !  I definitely recommend this series to the older generation, as well as the young.  This series will go down in history !  Excellent writing !
 I give it a 4 out of 5 based on my expectations. As a book in and of itself it’s a 5 but I was expecting the cover to be made of the same thing the first books were made of when the paperbacks were released. Feels different and I was looking for another of its kind the replace my worn out first copy.
 This narrator is awesome!  I’ve read the Harry Potter series many times but got the audio versions to listen to on my long daily commute.  I was worried that it might not be the same experience in audio form but the narrator is so fabulous that you truly feel that you are at Hogwarts!  Get an audible subscription and get the whole series.  Totally worth it.
 I honestly didn't know what to expect when I opened up this chapter in the series.  Leaving off where we did in Book 5 which seemed to be mostly a filler for me, I just wasn't sure where she was going to go with the story and how the half blood prince would play into it.  Now Book 6 is also somewhat of a filler, but it had more adventure in it and seemed to go back and forth with reality in the book a little better then 5.  The book does a good job evolving the characters while providing more of a backstory.  I enjoyed seeing the memories of Voldemort in the pensieve the most I think.  Even though it answered a lot of questions, I think it opened up even more.  I am really curious to see where this is all going!  The last few chapters were intense and I was shocked to find out what happened in them.  Well I don't want to spoil the book much more, but I encourage you all to read it.  It is a very fast read because you never really want to put it down.  This is due to Rowling putting more chapter ending cliffhangers in this book then any other.  It also might have to do with the fact that I was so intrigued with the stories of Harry and Voldemort's past.  This is tied as my favorite book in the series with Goblet of Fire now!
 I have all of the Harry Potter books in hardback format but was looking to add them to my Kindle.  Finally was able to do that!  These books are fabulous and make me wish that I would have had something like this to read growing up.  I've read &amp; re-read these books multiple times.  Always a pleasure to go back and spend time in Harry's world!
 Slightly disappointed with Rowling's saga, after the relatively boring and story-fatigued "Order of the Phoenix" (OTP), I was truly excited to read "The Half-Blood Prince" (HBP). This book is a turnaround to what seemed to be, in my opinion, an ever winding story.<br/><br/>In HBP, we find a more mature Harry Potter (which was an interesting but frustraing nuance in OTP) in a story with exciting developments:<br/>- Dumbledore's sharing with Harry some "memory snapshots" of Voldemort's past<br/>- A Potions class for which Harry ends up using a used book full of alternative formulas and tips, signed by a mysterious and anonymous "Half-Blood Prince"<br/>- An open-war between the Death Eaters and the Order of the Phoenix (and Ministry of Magic)<br/>- The infamous Draco Malfoy, with less "scenes", but with a mysterious behaviour that obsesses Potter<br/>- Some evolutions in the love scene that put some "spice" into the story<br/><br/>I won't get into more details. This is a must, even for those, like myself, that were slightly disappointed with OTP.
 HBP is deeper, darker(obviously), and both revelatory and question-inspiring. also, the characters mature both physically and mentally, which i liked very much. i wish i knew nothing about the story so that i wouldn't have expected any deaths or stuff like that, but that was okay...<br/><br/>like in other HP books, the ending is pretty shocking. and possibly the saddest ending yet, because of the sense of despair it brings with remorse... like many others said, the book did make me cry in the end... but i don't think it was entirely from grief, but more like a mixture of sadness and comfort(from the adamant friendship of the trio and harry's determination). and although terrible things happen and the overall tone is dark(punctuated with romances), rowling's usual sense of humor is there and interactions between characters show different types of love and trust.<br/><br/>i'll have to read this book more deeply soon, because i'm sure there are many details that i've missed, just like in the previous books. that's actually another joy of reading harry potter series for me. buy it!!
 JKR has an incredible story telling ability. The plots are complex and so intricately interwoven. Reading HBP, you come upon information that explains incidents that happened in earlier books of the series, and builds on them. The characters are so well written, you feel as if they are in the room with you. This is my fourth reading of HBP, and as with the other books in the series after a re-read, I have learned new things, and gained more insight. I honestly think you have to read the books to call yourself a Harry Potter fan. The movies are good, but there is so much back story missing, and sub-plots missing, that you don't get a full understanding of the story. JKR's use of imagery, really allows your imagination to take flight...and makes you wish Hogwarts and the Wizarding World were real.
 Unlike several of the other reviews - I am going to refrain from sprinkling spoilers throughout my review.<br/><br/>Read this one in a weekend - and enjoyed it thoroughly.<br/><br/>I have to report there is much less whining by Harry Potter than in #5 - much to my relief.<br/><br/>This book pushes the story ahead more efficiently than the others... however it does so without the charming side plots featured in the other books (the comic relief) - the main side plot in this one involves evidence of the main characters maturing and developing other interests. In #5 my favorite side bit was George &amp; Fred's development of their various joke candies, etc. It was a great long set up to a gloriously funny chaotic scene. That funny element really isn't present in this book.<br/><br/>This one is slightly darker than the last - definitely more mature. I eagerly await the final book!<br/><br/>If you want to continue reading reviews - I warn you to be careful as you progress - loads of SPOILERS below!
 Harry Potter is my favorite book series of all time! It is full of exciting twists and turns (no spoilers). I hate the horrific events, but I do think that they were necessary to make the book come together. If you're reading this J.K. Rowling, (which you're probably not😢), you did an excellent, awesome, amazing, splendid job! Also Miss Rowling, thank you for giving me a complete and nonexistent enemy, Umbridge. And also for teaching me that if I ever get flushed down a toilet, I'm going to the Ministry of Magic.👍😵😜<br/><br/>t
 I have purchased all the Harry Potter audio CDs for my 9 year old son, from sorcerer's stone to deathly hallows. They are all of excellent quality, although the later CDs are much more expensive, each set taking up more than 10 CDs. My son listens to them nightly before going to bed. He would also read the books at the same time sometimes. It's not as though he stops reading just because he has the CDs. I think listening to an actor read the book gives him more understanding of the words and brings the story more alive for him. Even my husband and I enjoy listening to them, especially on long trips. Jim Dale's voice range is amazing. Each character has his own distinctive voice and personality. I would say the only ones he couldn't do convincingly are the young girls such as Hermione and Ginny, which I am sure everyone would forgive him for. My 6-year-old son also listens as we listen. He would even ask to read a chapter of the book (yes, he can read paragraphs after paragraphs of the book on his own) of a section that he finds particularly exciting on the audio CD. Even though the CDs are very expensive, I think it's a worthwhile investment for children, especially if you don't have time to read with them yourself.
 The aspect I appreciate most about the Harry Potter series, and the Half-Blood Prince in particular, is the immense character depth and intricate plot. On the surface, it is a compelling adventure of a boy and his friends. The writing is eloquent and yet accessible, and the structure is solid. There weren't any gaps in the story, although I found myself frustrated and wanting more when I got to the last page.<br/><br/>On a deeper level, though, the storyline has many lessons about loyalty, values, and society. Rowlings creation of the Wizarding world highlights certain things about American and British society, which are especially poignant in this day and age. There are lessons to be learned for readers of all ages, and every time you re-read one of the books, you can take something new from it. This is why I believe that the Harry Potter series is a modern-day classic that will join the ranks of the "Wizard of Oz" and "Anne of Green Gables" series in literary history.
 I honestly can't think of enough good things to say about this book.  I loved it so much.  It has everything in it from love, to mystery, to treachery, to death.  Not-to-mention, the story is woven like a perfectly fit sweater.<br/><br/>The story dives deeper into the Potter universe by adding back-story to Voldemort.  This allows the reader to see what kind of a person he was as a kid and gives insight to his one weakness.  Dumbledore acts as a father figure to Harry and you can see their relationship grow.  At one point, Dumbledore gets a little watery-eyed by something nice Harry says to him.<br/><br/>Then you've got a new love interest for Harry.  Of course, I'm not going to tell you who it is...you have to read to find out.<br/><br/>Again, I loved this story and it gets my highest recommendation.  I believe it is my favorite of the series so far, followed by Goblet, Phoenix, Azkaban, Chamber, and Sorcerer.  However, you HAVE to have read the previous books to have a clue as to what's going on.
 Of course only one of the original series of seven books.  Like all in the series outstanding, intriguing and hard to put down!!  I am now 64 but read them when I was in my fifties TWICE.  The movies cannot capture the details of the books!  Enjoy!
 I BOUGHT THIS AUDIO BOOK BEFORE I BOUGHT MY KINDLE FIRE AND COULD READ THE BIG PRINT FOR MY SELF.  THE BOOK WAS READ BY JIM DALE, WHO DID THE READING CHORE FOR ALL OF THE HARRY POTTER NOVELS.  HE WAS A GREAT CHOICE FOR THE JOB - REALLY GETTING INTO THE VARIOUS CHARACTER OF THE BOOK.  I CERTAINLY RECOMMEND THIS AUDIO BOOK FOR ANYONE WHO HAS DIFFICULTY WITH HIS OR HER EYESIGHT, FOR ANYONE WHO WOULD LIKE TO BREAK THE BOREDOM OF LONG ROAD OR PLANE TRIPS,, AND FOR ANYBODY WHO JUST LIKES TO BE READ TO.  I LISTENED  TO MY COPY THEN DONATED IT TO THE LOCAL BRAILLE INSTITUTE.  A SUGGESTION  FOR A GOOD PLACE FOR SUCH A BOOK TO END UP.
 Repurchased the whole set of books, to reread<br/>The entire series is my favorite books to read, and came in perfect condition<br/>If you haven't read The Harry Potter Series, you are truly missing out!!!
 Rowling contines Harry's enchanting story in the Half-Blood Prince.  The book starts off only two weeks after the end of the Order of the Phoenix, and right from the start, Harry begins a new, closer relationship with Dumbledore.  Harry is more mature now; he does not seem so raging or "hormonal" as the Harry of the Goblet of Fire or of the first half of the Order of the Phoenix.  And so begins his sixth year at Hogwarts.<br/><br/>With Dumbledore as his private tutor, Harry devles into discovering more about Lord Voldemort.  Of course, the normal school goings-on continue, with the already started teenage romances continuing down various paths, and what would a Harry Potter book be without the suspected treachery of Severus Snape and Draco Malfoy?  The year progresses at a rapid pace only to be slowed down in the final months as examinations draw near, yet again, and Harry joins Dumbledore in a dangerous task.<br/><br/>The final showdown, now standard for Rowling, occurs as would be expected, but the results are darker here than even in the Order of the Phoenix.  Rowling continues to write Harry's story as she has promised to write, this dark ending included.  The issue of whether or not this is still a chidlren's book will surely arise, though as Rowling has said, it is still, though serious, appropriate for children.<br/><br/>The ending continues to lay the way for book seven, though I must question, given the ending, whether Rowling is not indeed setting the stage for more than a final, seventh book?  She ends with Harry's statement that he will not return to Hogwarts for a final year; he ultimately realizes he must face Voldemort--alone--and so this departure from the seven-year structure of Hogwarts schooling begs the question, will Rowling satisfy us with the triumph of good over evil with the seventh book, or will she continue, having left the door open as she has.<br/><br/>Overall, the book continues to meet the standard she has set for Harry and his beloved classmates.  We love the characters and we want to know what happens next.  The storyline is solid , building from past clues and continuing to leave clues, some of which will not be resolved until Rowling wills it to be so--in the seventh book???--nevertheless, the passion for Harry Potter will be whetted but ultimately not satisfied with this sixth installment.  We all want book seven now that we have seen the final(?) battle stage set.
 I am probably the last person on earth who is reading the Potter series for the first time.  But the ending of this book was such a shock for me.  I never expected it.  I can't wait to watch the movie!!!
 I have always been amazed at how JK Rowlings has been able to take her incredible ideas, wave her magic wand and create  her masterpieces.  As the story line grows more complex, some mysteries begin to unfold while new mysteries arise.  With each turn of the page the reader is submerged into the world of Muggles and Wizards once more.  We see that both Muggles and Wizards are now at risk.  Voldemort is growing far more powerful and mysteriously the only person who he is afraid of is growing weaker.  Harry is steadily realizing that he will have to eventually face Voldemort but how he will kill him is still a looming question.  Love interests begin to form but between whom is still a puzzle as well.  A new quiditch captain has been named and a new team must be built.  A dazzling story that has once again pulled a craving readers mind away from the television to enjoy an adventure written by a true story teller.  Once again the true weaver of magic is JK Rowling - bringing to life a story that is enjoyable which teaches us about the importance of friendship and what it means to fight for good no matter what the cost.  I just wish I had read it slower.
 Rowling's work tends to show the same strengths and weaknesses in each book, in varying degrees.  This book is no exception.<br/><br/>The strengths: she invents her world with a lot of love and attention, and it's a world that we want to live in.  The characters also are likeable, or agreeably dislikeable; the evil ones are really evil in ways appropriate to children's books: power-hungry, selfish, manipulative, deceitful, and hateful.  Rowling, whatever her other weaknesses, never cheats when it comes to good and evil.<br/><br/>The main characters are getting more full: their adolescent romances move the characters along nicely, and are often charmingly recognizable.  In some passages, though, we'd like to see more of the dizzying sense of the eternal that such romances had at sixteen.<br/><br/>The older characters are revealing their own complexity: without giving too much away, her wonderful devices of Legilemens (perceiving others' intentions) and Occlumency (disguising one's thoughts and feelings) give her leverage to ensure that we'll have to wait for the last book to get the final word on certain characters' true motivations.<br/><br/>As always, the plot keeps one guessing, with one's readerly senses on full alert.  Sometimes this is a little infuriating: when a writer invents a world, s/he must be careful to play by the rules without introducing overly-random devices.  There's sometimes in Rowling's plot-devices a bit too much contrivance: an important character is really another person in magical disguise; or time can be reversed, we find out at the seemingly hopeless climax.  Call this the Star Trek Shortcut (because that series used to do with sci-fi explanations what Rowling sometimes does with magical ones).<br/><br/>But Rowling at her best plays by the rules: in the first book, when we find Harry's mother's sacrifice protects him, we nod and say, yes, that rings true: love has the power of protection.  But When Hermione pulls out a time-turner in the third book, it's something completely out of our experience, something that could only be true when a writer needs a device.<br/><br/>"The Half-Blood Prince" has the best and worst of Rowling.  It's not entirely clear, for instance, why the plot needs "the half-blood prince" and his book (a plot device borrowed from the second book).  In fact, it's not really clear what the real dramatic tension is going to be until the very end.  An apparent sub-plot with Draco Malfoy disappearing and reappearing is a bit more dramatically coherent, though the clues are not nearly so crisp or compelling as in, say, Order of the Phoenix.<br/><br/>The ending is deeply satisfying, though harrowing: Harry's maturity at the end of the book isn't really set up well throughout the book, but when it comes it is a "true" description of human courage and determination, and the peace that resignation can bring.  The last three chapters find Rowling at her best as a descriptive writer.<br/><br/>There are just enough loose ends in the last fifty pages that the book stays in one's mind, keeping the puzzle in play: I'm sure Rowling knows her duty to her readers to resolve the whole thing in a way that can be believed by people willing to inhabit her world... I hope she takes her time and gets it right, in spite of the fact that I'll probably miss some sleep over the next few years until it comes out.
 HARRY POTTER &amp; THE HALF BLOOD PRINCE is simply one of the best --if not THE best -- of J.K. Rowling's remarkable books. I got my copy in the mail Saturday afternoon, started reading immediately (despite having a writing deadline of my own, shame on me!), took time out to read the earlier chapters to my son and then returned to my own accelerated reading and -- yep -- finished at 8:30 Monday morning. Just devoured every page.<br/><br/>The layering of information into each scene -- telling us stuff we'll need to know later -- and we've all figured that out by now -- is one of Rowling's most brilliant touches as a writer. I found myself constantly flipping back and forth to remind myself of things she had done. In addition, I admire (again!) her ability to invest a scene with drama and excitement that sets up an upcoming scene with even more. And as usual, she has introduced new characters who are uncannily real, for all their wizard's robes and incantations.<br/><br/>More importantly than anything, however, Rowling grabs us by the throat and DOES NOT let go for an instant -- and we gladly go with her, because the journeys have been so worthwhile up to this point. Contrary to other readers, I found this book tighter, cleaner and better edited than Book 5 (some of whose scenes were inexcusably long) and the rush from page to page was very satisfying. My favorite minor characters, the Weasley twins, were there often enough, and some other old friends make satisfying cameo appearances, with some surprising results. It makes you feel like being at a class reunion!<br/><br/>No point in retelling the plot -- no doubt the other 600 reviewers before me have already done so -- basically, Harry goes to Hogwarts and gets into trouble AGAIN -- surprise -- and this time, as the students begin to come of age, their relationships become more and more complex, a delightful side effect that we've all been waiting for for years.<br/><br/>Bravo, Ms. Rowling! It's not Harry who does the magic -- it's YOU. Like everyone else, I'm already on the edge of my seat, waiting for Book 7.
 3.5 stars. Maybe the weakest entry in the series, but still quite good.<br/><br/>  After the very impressive Order of the Phoenix, things lighten up for most of the book here with school, romances and Quidditch being as important in the minds of Harry and his friends as Voldemort is. Unlike the relentless pace of Order of the Phoenix, this book harkens back to Chamber of Secrets where bad things are happening, but in general the students are untouched by the war and not in any terrible danger.<br/><br/>  The bulk of the book, despite the title, is not about the Half-Blood Prince, but about Voldemort's secret origin. Through a series of stored memories Harry and Dumbledore see Voldemort's parents, both the dysfunctional wizard side and his non-magical father. We see him grow up, go to Hogwarts and become what he is.<br/><br/>  The rest of the book, could just as well be books one or two, with the three main characters back in class, back playing Quidditch and inter-relating with each other. This is definitely a step-back as Order of the Phoenix was particularly strong due to the development of the Weasley twins, Neville and the introduction of Luna Lovegood. In this book they are all just given bit parts. Which is a real shame as the expanded role of the minor characters had revitalized the series.<br/><br/>  It is a tribute to Rowling's skills that she can keep you reading the book even though there really isn't that much happening, and much of it is the mundanities of school life already seen throughout the first three books.<br/><br/>  Then the ending comes. No matter how well prepared you may be, no matter what side you believe every character is on, it is like being kicked in the gut, hard, and repeatedly. I am still feeling the emotions today after finishing last night. Still thinking, "No, it can't be, it isn't so." By lightening the tone of this book, the dark ending is made more intense by the contrast. Nothing bad was happening, nothing really bad that is, and then all of a sudden it gets worse than you could believe.<br/><br/>  As I mentioned there were a few problems, minor characters were pushed aside, the book is just a very long, but entertaining, set-up for the last few chapters. Lots of plot-threads left dangling such as the potions text still being stored in the hiding room. It is going to be a real achievement to be able to address all the issues left hanging here in just one book. There are many enemies to defeat, many objects to find, and closure for the relationships of our major and minor characters.<br/><br/>  It wouldn't surprise me if this needed more than book 7, or if book 7 were on the order of 1000 pages.
 Before I read this book, I was expecting all the major plot lines to be tied up, and Book 7 to be just a tying up of minor loose ends.  But now that I have read it, I have to admire what J.K. Rowling has done, and I am glad that she has left the true wrapup to Book 7. There are countless plot twists from this book to mull over and discuss with other Harry Potter enthusiasts in the meantime.<br/><br/>I must admit that I listened to the CD version of the Half-Blood Prince all the way through before going to the book.  Jim Dale's reading of the book is, as for the previous 5 books, superb.  At first I was worried that there was going to be a lot of filler, as there was in Book 5, but the second chapter convinced me that J.K. Rowling is back in top form in this book - and I continued to listen non-stop through all 17 CDs.<br/><br/>The biggest question mark is Snape.  I agree that very little in the HP books is as it seems, and at the end, Dumbledore could as easily be saying, "Please do it," as not. There's a parallel between Snape's involvement with what happened to Harry's parents and Harry's attack on a student whom he doesn't much like that shows you don't have to like someone to regret causing them harm.  So I have to think that Dumbledore, as always, knows what he's about.<br/><br/>There are many laugh out loud moments, and I'm glad we're past the teenage angst of Book 5.  The Harry Potter character shows growth and understanding.  I especially like the message that you can never fully eradicate evil and must always be aware of its presence:  World War I, "The War to End All Wars," didn't.  A pretty relevant lesson in light of recent terrorist attacks.  "Situational awarenes" and "constant vigilance" are as relevant in today's world as they are in the wizarding world.<br/><br/>I am also wondering if Harry himself could be one of the Horcruxes.  If so and Voldemort is killed, might not all of Harry's powers that were derived from Voldemort's attack on him as a baby disappear, leaving him much diminished, maybe even a squib?  Well, back to the book and I'm taking notes!
 Certainly there's this much to say for J.K. Rowling: she delivers the goods time and again.<br/><br/>"Harry Potter &amp; the Half-Blood Prince", the penultimate book in the series, lives up to the anticipation and excitement generated around the book-- the whole "who is the half-blood prince?" campaign, two years of anticipation after the stunning ending of the fifth book, and what precious little has been leaked-- chapter titles, a descripiton of a new character and really nothing else-- endless rumors certainly.<br/><br/>The book itself-- Harry is 16 now, he's going through your standard puberty problems-- girls, popularity, cliques, classes, temptation to cheat, and so on.  He just gets the added pleasure of being the subject of a prophecy, a reluctant celebrity, and someone driven to make a difference in the world (and is in a position to do so).  The amazing thing is how much he's grown over the years-- taken in the context of the previous five books, Harry and his classmates have changed quite a bit, developed into rounder, more intriguing characters, expressing a range of emotion and sense of responsibility.  One of Rowling's great strengths as a writer is to resist the temptation of making her children and teenagers into miniature adults-- so often this is the case in books about children that have a wide appeal.  This is no more clearly illustrated than in her capturing of the sort of overwhelming goofiness and yet importance of dating at this age, how totally meaningless and meaningful relationships can be and are.  This is another thing I think a lot of writers really don't grasp when writing for this age group-- just how awkward it all is.  Honestly, this quite reminded me of what it was like to be that age and developing crushes and infatuations.<br/><br/>The book also starts to solve much of the complex backstory behind the books-- both in terms of understanding the past and of viewing characters as more human.  Indeed, one of the unique strengths of this book is that it is the first since the first book (that I can think of as I write this) to present parts of the book not written in a third-person limited omniscient-- that is to say, there are chapters where we're not being told the story with intimate knowledge of Harry's thoughts and feelings, but rather we see some characters without Harry's point of view and injected opinions.  Certainly for one less-than-sympathetic character (both in his portrayal in previous books and in this one), the second chapter is a revelation.<br/><br/>As a writer, Rowling keeps the book fast paced and quick moving-- there's precious little in the way of narrative not tightly coupled to the central story in some way (which is pretty remarkable as I spent the last two paragraphs talking about the brilliant characterization).  The story is starting to wrap up now, and this is setting up the conclusion more directly.  There's also not the great bulk of fleshing out characters that we saw in previous books-- think about the dinner scene at Grimmwauld Place in "Harry Potter &amp; The Order of the Phoenix" or the Hogwarts Express ride in "Harry Potter &amp; the Sorceror's Stone"-- that sort of character building narrative is largely isolated to the first few chapters, supporting the brisk pacing and focus on the main story.  The truth is that this is largely unnecessary-- most of the characters already have a backstory from previous books and it takes only a couple sentences to detail an action that further develops the characters.  We already understand them.<br/><br/>A quick note for parents-- the book's age is recommended for 9-12, but I think I'd read it before passing it on to a kid that young.  Harry and his friends have aged over the six books, and as such, their concerns, actions, and emotions have too.<br/><br/>In the end, there's one thing I can say to endorse this book more than anything else-- I couldn't put it down, all day, until I finished it.  And that for me says it all.
 'Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince' is the best of the series so far. Harry has come out of the angry funk he was mired in during 'Order of the Phoenix' and is, for the first time, truly ready to begin facing his destiny against Lord Voldemort. He begins receiving private lessons from Professor Dumbledore to explore Voldemort's past and, hopefully, uncover the weakness that will allow him to be defeated. There are none of the pacing problems that plagued 'Order of the Phoenix', and Rowling has clearly come into her own as a writer. With this book she elevates her already classic series to the level of such greats as the Lord of the Rings trilogy. It is truly amazing how she manages to make each book more mature and timeless as Harry grows up and learns to see the world for what it truly is. Having said that, I will warn parents that Harry Potter is no longer safe territory for the younger set, as Harry experiences the full extent of Voldemort's power in this book, and the finale will most likely be traumatizing to any fan below the young adult level (even more-so than the end of 'Goblet of Fire'). 'Half-Blood Prince' sets itself as the 'Empire Strikes Back' of the Harry Potter series, and stands out as the best because it is not afraid to allow the bad guys to win.<br/><br/>A lot of criticism has been bestowed upon this book because it avoids getting tangled up in the front lines of the war on Lord Voldemort. I thought this was very wise on J.K. Rowling's part, and actually lent credence to the plotline. Harry is a teenager, and Chosen One or not his business is at Hogwarts as a student. It is very truthful, because even in times of war life does go on, and I suspect that 'Half-Blood Prince' is merely illustrating that point. Certainly all of us at home can attest to that in times like these. We go to work or school every day, then catch up on the news in Afghanistan (or, more recently, London) in the newspaper or on the television. That is where Rowling's series excels: that, even in a fantastic and improbable setting like Hogwarts, she captures the truth of the real world.
 Everyone (children and adults) loves a great "good vs. evil" story.  I often think that something that everyone raves about just can't be as good as the say, but Harry Potter exceeds the reviews.<br/><br/>The incredibly rich detail in all the Harry Potter novels is really the best aspect of the story.  JKR creates a whole world that readers can't forget about.  There many subplots, but JKR keeps them all straight.<br/><br/>While this book is definitely dark, JKR manages to keep many humorous and lighter aspects of the previous books, parts not shown in the movie.  This book pulls you in and will not let you go, as it is the cliff-hanger before the finale.  It will leave you crazy until you read Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.<br/><br/>I can't tell you how great all the books in this series are, you'll have to read them for yourself.  Harry Potter is the new Star Wars, the new Lord of the Rings.  It already is a legend.
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince by J.K. Rowling continues the thrilling series that has set the world on fire. Her wonderfully well written books have inspired many disgusted with reading to pick up the book and not stop reading until the last page. Each one in the series has had this ability and The Half Blood Prince is no different.<br/><br/>Harry Potter has returned to Hogwarts for his 6th year. After receiving his O.W.L.s, Harry is finally able to pursue the career he has desired as an Auror, fighting against Voldemort and the Dark Arts. With Quidditch, Voldemort's childhood, the romances and mysteries, and a depressing death looming throughout this book, The Half Blood Prince could not have succeeded more in quenching the thirst of Harry Potter fans and leading to the conclusion of the series.<br/><br/>With the theme of friendship used thoroughly in The Order of the Phoenix, it was time for Harry to begin his journey and growth from the "boy that survived" to the "man that must face Voldemort" in The Half Blood Prince. His anger has calmed down and his outbursts are nearly something of the past, which keep the reader from cringing as much as they did during The Order of the Phoenix. Harry finally takes leaps and bounds in his character development from an angry teen to a confident man.<br/><br/>Ron and Hermione, along with a few of the other characters from the last book like Ginny, Neville, and Luna, take a back seat to Harry in The Half Blood Prince. It's sad to see them left out so much, but I feel they will make a thrilling comeback in the final installment of the series, as per the conclusion.<br/><br/>I have never come across a better author than J.K. Rowling at writing cliffhangers. From one chapter the next, from one book to the next, it just comes so natural to her writing style. The reader is left sitting on the edge of his or her seat and ends up willing themselves to continue on despite sleep deprivation, hunger, thirst, or all of the above.<br/><br/>Through The Half Blood Prince, we are finally given insight to the last journey Harry must take on his way to his last fight with Voldemort. Who is R.A.B.? Where are the Horcruxes? Who will be the one left standing? I can't wait for the last installment of the series and would recommend this series to any and every one that hates or loves to read. It doesn't matter. My sister hated to read before she got her hands on Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone. Now I rarely see her without a book. Everyone enjoy!
 I'm going to try not to give any spoilers here, so my review will most likely be almost as mysterious as Dumbledore at a poker game.  But here goes!<br/>  This 6th book had everything that I've been waiting for, and yet its left me with a dangerous addiction - I NEED the next book!  I'm pulling my hair out over what I consider a cliff-hanger ending.  If you haven't read the book, I almost recommend you wait for the 7th book before you read it, because its going to destroy the rest of 2005 for you, as well as all of 2006.<br/>  As with all books I review, I'm going to attempt to write the good things and the "bad" things about it, in an attempt not to fall into the trap of rave-reviewing or simply panning a book as 100% horrible.<br/><br/>Good points:<br/>1) Our children are growing up very quickly - I feel like a parent to these kids.  Rowling is being very brave, as well as adventurous, in allowing teenagers to be actual teenagers here.<br/><br/>2) This book is marvalously mysterious.  You think 1 thing, you think another - you guess at 500 things in a row - and in the end you're wrong-wrong-wrong.  The book's over and done with for me and I'm still not sure what to think.<br/><br/>3) Amazing, brave, soul-shocking ending.  As always, Rowling doesn't let the reader down with some cheap immitation ending.  I can't tell you the ending, but I'll say I liked it.<br/><br/>4) The characters were deep, 5-dimensional and generally more human.  This has been the trend all along in the series, and I for one encourage it.<br/><br/>5) There were some genuinely tear-jerking moments in the book, which I haven't encountered anywhere in the series - very new thing!  Very much appreciated too.<br/><br/>Bad points:<br/>1) I thought the book was too short.  I wanted to keep reading - there was a lot more that could have been stuffed in.  For example, I would have loved more scenes with Harry and Snape interacting.<br/><br/>2) I think we should have gotten more signs that a certain female would be the love interest of a certain male.  This is a minor complaint.<br/><br/>3) I can't really think of anything else...<br/><br/>Don't be a mudblood - buy this book!
 Finally I afforded myself the opportunity to indulge whimsical fantasy and devour the book.  The characters, older, wiser perhaps, the secrets, darker and more mysterious.  An excellent book but we certainly have strayed from childrens novel in this installment with so many dark themes.  I could feel my heart pounding as I neared the end of the book, tears seemed to crawl out of my eyes of their own volition, I wish it had not ended, I wished I could put it down, pick it back up and continue the story, yet, alas rowling has done it again, left us all hanging wishing for more.  I truly cannot say enough good things about this series, it did the nearly unfathomable thing of getting me excited about reading.  Days at a time lights and possibly a fan are the only things on in the house, videogames are off, tv is off, radio is off. Almost as if the book itself puts a spell on you.  This book would make infinately more sense having read the others in the series but do pick it up, a fantastic read...
 What else can I say that hasn't already been said?<br/>I've loved the movies for a long time so it was time for me to read the books.<br/>Now before I get scoffed at for being a movie fan before a book fan let me explain why I prefer it this way:<br/>I get to enjoy the whole movies without feeling like anything is missing. Then I got to read the books and learn SO MUCH more!<br/>Ok, I do wish Peeves had been included in the movies. Haha
 When taking a long car trip, there are no better audio books to listen to than the Harry Potter series by J. K. Rowling.  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is no exception.<br/><br/>Book six starts with Harry and his friends getting ready for the new semester at Hogwart's School. Harry, Ron and Hermione are excited about the coming year and Harry has been named captain of the Gryffindor Quiddich team.  But within the wizard community, unrest is rampant as Voldemort continues to strengthen and his Death Eaters threaten the community.  Security at Hogwart's is tightened and Dumbledore decides that the time has come to personally provide private lessons for Harry.  There are also some disturbing developments at Hogwart's as the<br/><br/>dreaded Professor Snape has been appointed instructor of Defense Against the Dark Arts.  Draco Malfoy is scheming about something, and Harry suspects that he might be working for Voldemort.<br/><br/>Along with all the "important" happenings, the Hogwart's crew is also acting very high-schoolish.  Romances are budding, jealousy is raging and spats are breaking out. Unrest and discontent also break out over Quiddich team tryouts.<br/><br/>Throughout Half-Blood Prince, Rowling is not just providing the reader with a riveting story, but is also setting us up for what will be the 7th and final book.  Many loose ends are tied up, but many more are left hanging.  She also gives us more background into Voldemort's past than in any previous book.  Much has been made about the death of a major character, but I didn't find it much of a shock.<br/><br/>What enhances Half-Blood Prince and makes it even more fun is the reading by Jim Dale.  The accents and voices that he creates for each character make it so enjoyable.  His talent is just awesome, and it's no wonder that he has won so many awards.  I heard somewhere that he created over 100 voices for the Harry Potter series.<br/><br/>I have listened to all six Potter books on tape, and they have just increased in plot and scope.  The first one was eight hours, while this last one lasted 17. I can think of no better way to make a twelve hour car trip fly by than to listen to a Rowling's tale.  I'll be sorry when she next publishes the last book.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince shows Rowling back to the great form she had in my two favorites of the series, The Prisoner of Azkaban and The Goblet of Fire. I was disappointed with book 5, which I thought was bloated and took too long to get to any action that furthered the series.<br/><br/>Well, book 6 is all about wrapping up details from the previous books and setting the stage for Harry's final battle with You-Know-Who. I loved being able to watch the development of Voldemort as the most evil wizard who ever lived, and I really enjoyed the romance and jealousy occurring between the teenagers in this round. I'm very curious to see what happens with our young heroes when the story ends.<br/><br/>It's not giving anything away to say that I knew which major character was going to die before even cracking the book open, because I agree with Rowling that it makes sense for the overall story arc, but I was pleasantly surprised to learn the identity of the Half-Blood Prince.<br/><br/>Like so many other entries into the pop culture arena in the past year or so, this book very much exists of this time, when foreign policy and the war on terror have created a very different mindset for all of us. The paranoia, anxieties, and secrecy that the Wizards are experiencing are not that hard for us to relate to. Rowling is definitely making allusions to current policies -- you can simply substitute "Guantanamo" for "Azkaban" in any number of places. I'm not sure younger readers will get much out of the political subtext, but I'm glad Rowling included it for those of us long out of school.<br/><br/>All in all, I really enjoyed this entry, and I feel it created a steam train of momentum that we'll all continue to ride through Harry's final adventures.
 Harry Potter  and the Half-Blood Prince(Book Six in the Harry Potter series), excellently narrated by Jim Dale, reads like the second part of a three-part tv episode. What I mean is, there is a lot of action pushing the book forward, a lot of adventure, but no resolution, and several pointless subplots which went nowhere.<br/><br/>The story opens with Harry returning to Hogwarts, this time approaching manhood. Harry has matured somewhat, but has also become a bit arrogant, greedy and bitter. Harry is so focused on his own personal tragedy (the loss of his parents), that he has become blinded somewhat to the sufferings of others. (For instance how his father treated Snape). Indeed, at times, I felt Harry was becoming a bit of a bully. He bulldozes past those who don't agree with them, blindly alienates people, and cheats using a book with notes written by someone else. He is in effect, on the verge of becoming arrogant and selfish and similar to dad.<br/><br/>Other characters, I felt had some significant development: such as Malfoy, Snape and yes, even Moaning Myrtle. But other characters such as Ron and Hermione were just tagalongs with no real development to speak of. While I realize this is a "Harry Potter" book, I'd like to see a bit more development amongst the supporting cast. They are, at times more interesting than Potter.<br/><br/>A good read, but somewhat disappointing considering the previous books. Also I felt Harry is becoming an increasingly unlikable character who may need to be taken down a peg or two- for his own good of course. 4 stars. Good, but not as great as her previous works, and not really a stand-alone book.
 I will not give any spoilers or indulge in 7th-book speculation, but I have just finished reading The Half-Blood Prince and I am awed by Rowling's ability to pull her threads together in ways not guessed.  As with any series (Zelazny's Amber Chronicles, Brust's Vlad Taltos novels, Jordan's Wheel of Time, Dunnett's Niccolo &amp; Lymond Chronicles, etc.), there is a tendency among fans to try to outguess the author and we to fall into prediction mode fairly easily when faced with a long time between installments.  Rowling's 6th book delivers on some of the armchair predictions we wanted to come true, but where she astounds is in her use of detailed character development to come to conclusions we did not conceive.  No major characters, and even few of minor ones, come through Half-Blood Prince unchanged, and yet the seed for those changes is based solidly on the qualities we've seen them display all along.  The choice of the major character's death at the end of the book was inspired, happened in a way not at all expected, and yet comes about so inevitably that, as a growth choice for Harry, even a shocked reader like me must admit no death could have occurred, nor in any other way, and had the same effect to set up the ending of Harry Potter's journey.  Sheer brilliance.  I have enjoyed none of these books more than Half-Blood Prince and the way Rowling leads us through to its conclusion.
 I read this book almost straight through, beginning to end, and was quite impressed.<br/><br/>The protagonists are dealing with their OWL tests, Apparition classes (wizard equivalent of driving), hormones and as always, the threat of danger. Voldemort has preoccupied Harry since the events of the last book, and he is even more determined to take revenge, especially, as it seems like his archenemy Draco is going over to the dark side.<br/><br/>Much of the book is backstory on Voldemort's life and how the prophecy came about. There's also a new wacky teacher to puzzle out, heightened Hogwarts' security, Quidditch, and a harrowing journey in order to retrieve a curse.<br/><br/>The excess of adverbs that plagued the fifth book is gone, and Harry grows into a considerably more mature adolescent by the end of the book: he puts away "childish things," and makes decisions as an adult would. I had to admit, I was disappointed that Neville played such a minor role, especially after his heroism and backstory in book five.<br/><br/>One thing that has always irked me, bugged me here: If Dumbledore is really a superior headmaster, why does he constantly overlook the most minor evil-doings and neglect to put a stop to them before they escalate. Some of it is that Harry doesn't confide in him, but here he's aware of it on his<br/><br/>own and chooses to do nothing. But I guess there wouldn't be much suspense and intrigue otherwise.
 What can one say about a book that sells 1.6 million copies within 24 hours of release?  What can one say that does not give away plot surprises and still addresses the quality of the book.<br/><br/>  Other than the first chapter, J K Rowling has crafted another fine book in her Harry Potter series.  There are many unexpected plot turns that will be ripe for exploitation in the next and last novel in the series.  My objection to the first chapter is Rowling's attempt to integrate fantasy fiction too much with the real world by starting with the "Muggle Prime Minister" aka British Prime Minister.  The back story told in this chapter could have been explored in many other ways that did not involve the British PM.  That is my only criticism of the book.<br/><br/>  The book's (and J K Rowling's) greatest contribution is the ability to get millions of children to digest a (in this case) 650 page tome.  Reading, writing and English grammar are sadly becoming lost arts in the United States and Rowling's Harry Potter books are a major weapon in combatting that loss.  Her writing is eminently readable for both children and adults without being condescending to children.  Her plot lines are lively and interesting.<br/><br/>  Advance criticism of this book as being too violent and dark are sorely misplaced.  Even in the "wizarding world", life is not always pretty; there are sorrows and injustices.  As for criticisms of the book being too involved in "devil-like" activities, these criticisms are also shrill and misplaced.  This is, after all, f-i-c-t-i-o-n and fantasy fiction at that.  Would a parent want his or her child reading the "Half-Blood Prince" or playing "Grand Theft Auto"?<br/><br/>  Granted, this review is sketchy, but it is beter for the reader to explore the book and learn its secrets than for them to be revealed here.<br/><br/>  Congratulations again to J K Rowling and Scholastic Press.
 The reader has done the entire Harry Potter series and uses a different voice for each character even though there are dozens...  keeps you wanting to hear more and since unabridged, you are actually getting the whole book.<br/><br/>This book is more advanced and not for little kids as there are some older kids/adult themes in here with some violence...Can't say this is the best one because of the older stuff.<br/><br/>classic if you love Harry Potter as you can take it in your car and traffic jams don't bother me anymore.  Only one book is left...
 I enjoyed Half-Blood Prince. I think that Ms Rowling does a good<br/><br/>job at showing Harry &amp; the students at Hogwarts growing up.<br/><br/>The plot had many twists &amp; turns.<br/><br/>I liked the Pencive (sorry, don't remember how it's spelled). It's the bowl that shows memories. I was disappointed in one area. I wanted there to be a big face to face show down between Harry, Snape, &amp; Draco. Or at least between Harry &amp; Draco. Up in the tower at Hogwarts when Harry &amp; Dumbledor arrive, they see the Dark Mark in the sky. Dumbledor puts the freezing spell on Harry so that he can't do anything to stop Draco or Snape.<br/><br/>It seemed like the plot line between Harry &amp; Draco stalled.<br/><br/>It started out so exciting when Draco discovered Harry on the train &amp; beat him up.<br/><br/>It's these plot points that makes my review a 4 instead of a 5.<br/><br/>My most favorite HP so far is "Goblet of Fire".
 Continues the saga, with a great story and remarkable attention to detail. Some of the explanatory conversations get tiresome, but then I’m 73 and not part of the intended audience.
 JK Rowling spins a beautifully engaging tale. Although the writing is simple, enough that a middle-schooler can easily keep up (no Lord of the Rings complexity here), she creates an entire world that is both believable and exciting for all ages. It is no wonder that the Harry Potter series has such a large and dedicated following.
 Hubby is reading the Harry Potter series to the kids at a neck break pace! Ordered this and received it in no time! Also, what a great price! I think it was like 6 or 7 bucks?? Total steal :)
 ...it's like this. All politics are by their very nature ephemeral. The issues they address pass with time until they disappear altogether. Are people going to even know what you're alluding to once a few generations have passed? And there's some very heavy politcal struggles going on here. In the wizarding world, the last book ("Order Of the Phoenix") saw as head of the Sorcery State one of those smug head-in-the-sand types who was a political opponent of Albus Dumbledore (who preferred being an educator over politics anyway). Now thar's a new sheriff in town in the form of Rufus Scrimgeour, who tries to lock up everybody he sees as being Death-Eaters, whether or not there's prima facie evidence against them, kind of like Joe McCarthy with a magic wand. And he can't stand Dumbledore either--in his first man-to-man talk with Harry, he accuses him of allying himself with Dumbledore and Harry doesn't deny it. This book gets its title from when Hogwarts whips a surprise course on Harry that he hasn't even had time to pick up the textbooks for. No matter--sez Dumbledore--we've got some used ones kicking around. And so Harry gets this book that has some very helpful notes in the margins from  a previous owner who calls himself the Half Blood Prince. One other political strain that has run over several volumes is the prejudice "full blooded" witches and wizards have against those who aren't. They call the mongrel-types and the "nouveau-magique" like Hermione, who's the first known member of her family to have magical powers. The term the purists use is "mudblood", which sounds suspiciously like the way neo-nazis use the term "mud-people" here in America.<br/>But like I said earlier, if you're going to toss in a lot of sly social commentary, you'd better make sure it's not too central to your story, or people who read your book a long time after you're dead and gone won't know what you are talking about. When I was little, I didn't know that Winnie the Pooh's name was based on his creator's low opinion of Churchill. We just thought the word "poo", which was a staple of babytalk profanity, and we giggled. When I read the book "Black Beauty", there was a passage about a little girl coming home in tears from being bullied and called a "blue ragamuffin". Much later, I found that it was a reference to a political party in England that existed when the book was written. I hadn't known that when I read it--I thought that was the color of the dress the little girl was wearing.<br/>That's the problem with putting any political commentary based on contemporary issues in your book--if people are going to read it several generations hence, who's gonna know what you're talking about?
 ***A Spoiler-Free Review***<br/>Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince(HBP)is Book 6 in the Harry Potter phenomenon - and if you don't know what that is, Welcome Back to Planet Earth, but do not start here - you simply MUST go back and start at the Beginning with Book 1: Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.<br/><br/>Book 6 is truly a transitional tale to get us all to Book 7 and into each life - including the lives of the characters we have come to cherish in the previous books - a little rain must fall. Be Warned: this time out a Hard, dark, bloody Rain's a gonna fall.<br/><br/>The irksome, plodding, plot-revealing myriad of book reports above and below (You Know Who they are ;-) my humble offering here have told/revealed to you far more than you need to know before reading HBP.  I am just here to suggest that, either singly or in conjunction with the book, you also purchase Jim Dale's excellent reading/performance, unabridged, on cassette or CD. Mr. Dale continues to give fine and dramatic voice to Ms. Rowling's writings: and it's so much easier to *listen* to Mr. Dale than attempt to hold the heavy hardcover and read it one's self when one is tending to such bothersome and tedious tasks as driving and house-cleaning. /TundraVision, Amazon Reviewer
 I couldn't wait until i got this book.<br/><br/>from the moment i got it ( and it surprised how fast it got to my country) i couldn't put it down. i stayed away from all potter-related sites and posted warning to friends, threatening them with physical harm if they told me anything.<br/><br/>it took me less than 24 hours to read it. and i loved it. it's my second favorite potter book. (the first one is PoA)<br/><br/>i have read it over and over and over again since i got it. i've dissected it, looking for clues and theorys.<br/><br/>i love that is varied. it has angst, and romance, and fluff, and action, everything.<br/><br/>and it even has moments for every shipper, which is so cool.<br/><br/>it was definitely worth the wait, my money and even the effort it took to convince dad to let me buy something in the internet with his credit card.
 The best book of the series is book three and four (prisioner of Azkaban and Goblet of Fire). Usually the middle of a series like this the best books are in the middle, and this is no exception. But as for this book, it was worth the wait to read, though it only took me three days to read it. Now I'm reading it for the second time. Story is very tight and she adds new perspectives,  which is a sign of her maturity as a writer, though I consider her the best writer to come along in quite some time. I wish she would have haded the perspectives of Hermione and Ron more often, because they are just as important as Harry.<br/><br/>The end of the book was suprising, but not unexpected. To some extent the death of Sirius is explained, not out right but by implication. That Harry cannot have any family ties other than the Dursleys alive, in order to keep the spell of protection alive on Harry.<br/><br/>What makes her a good writer is the fact that she has a plan and she is keeping to it, unlike other writers who have an idea and expand it and expand it (Robert Jordan), because of her plan and is keeping to it makes her the best writer to come along in awhile, every event has a meaning and a significance to the ending, where an other like Jordan can't really say that in his books.<br/><br/>Worth the time and effort to read this book.
 Lots of surprises and twists and Rowling still manages to leave us on the edge and wanting more.  Did anyone else notice that Rowling left it open for the reader to conclude whether or not the 7th book would actually occur in Harry's 7th year at Hogwarts?  Or whether she'd jump ahead a few years in book 7.  If she doesn't jump ahead, I got the feeling that book 7 might not be the last.  That would be interesting.  But how long can she keep it up?  The Harry Potter series is quite an amazing phenomenon.  I mean, the books are not hugely original but I can't put them down.  I really want to know what happens and what the big mystery is.  I think we know everything will come out okay for Harry in the end, but how he gets there is the thrill.  My major gripe would be (I'm in agreement with another review posted here)...yeah, what happened to Hermoine?  Everything that had made her interesting seems to have been shifted to Ginny, who was previously seen only in the background (and yet, it was totally predictable that Harry would finally notice her).  Hermoine seems to be the one being pushed into the background.  Of all the female characters in the book, next to Professor McGonagall, I'd have to say that Luna Lovejoy and perhaps Moaning Myrtle are the most compelling of the lot.  I was also a little thrown by all the exposition in the dialogue.  I guess I don't remember so much of the story in past books being "told" versus "shown."  That's where the pensieve completely worked for me!  That was the best vehicle to move the story along.  When Rowling let Dumbledore's "tell" the story to Harry, I often felt that the reading dragged.  But, all criticism aside, I couldn't put it down and can't wait for the next one.  Thank you Ms. Rowling for giving us such a great story - in a world where personal imagination seems to be diminished by the power of the visual image, it is totally incredible to see so many people delving into a series of books.  Books!  Finally!  Wow.
 I liked everything. This series is so captivating and brings me to an entirely different world, which is a wonderful escape. This is my 4th time reading the series, and it still gets me every time. Maybe not quite as deeply as the first, when it was new. But here's something to be said for a book you can read over and over and still enjoy.
 I first read these books when they first came out and I enjoyed them at the time.  Now. I am 88 years old.  I decided to re-read them and enjoyed them but not as much as the first time.  By the time I got<br/>To the sixth book it was a little ho  hum.  However. If you have never read them, by all means do read them, I think you would enjoy them.  Joan Draper
 Our 10yr old daughter read all 7 of the Harry Potter books within a couple of months. She absolutely loved them. We haven't let her see all the films, only the first 3!  The books are very easily read and are great for building confidence and fluency in struggling readers  but our daughter found them too easy to read and simply written.  Not enough WOW words, to stretch or expand a child's vocabulary, in the first few books as they progress they get a little better. Great stories but not a challenging read for the average 10yr old.
 After finishing this book tonight, all I can say is, in book seven all bets are off. I felt this was a fantastic chapter in the series. For me what made it so wonderful was it didn't feel like it was following the same formula of the previous years/books:  The opening with the Dursleys, arriving at the school, and the "new" teacher every year who came with their own quirks and secrets. So much of this book is between Harry and Dumbledore that I found myself enjoying the break from what was becoming a bit routine. Harry has also seemed to mature past the petulant and angry brat he had been in the last novel and has now found a focus for his anger, that allows him to at least have moments with his friends like he used to. The book is darker than any of the previous ones, but it would almost have to be to continue to engage kids who started this series nearly eight years ago and are now transfixed by Xbox and Playstation. That's not to say it's excessively violent, but the violence when it occurs feels right in the context of the story. It certainly will be interesting to see how she wraps it all up. Without giving anything away, she seems to have opened an avenue that can lead Harry and Co., anywhere for the finale.
 This is the sixth book in this fantasy series. As the books progressed they gets successively more dark. In this book The building towards the climax, that will resolve in book 7, is stronger than ever.
 We bought these for my step son who is finally old enough to read them. He absolutely loved them! J.K. Rowling is a fantastic author and really made these characters come to life. It was fun to watch my step son read the books and develop his own relationship with each of the characters and to see his reactions as the story unfolds. Book 6 is one of my favorites in the series. It's surprise twist at the end was unexpected and made me cry but really helped to set the tone for the final book and ending of this story. It's definitely worth reading!
 When I saw there were over 2000 reviews of this product, I didn't think I was going to add my own, until I realized every review I read was of the story, not of the audio book.  So here it goes.<br/><br/>Jim Dale is an INCREDIBLE voice artist.  In listening to this audio  book, you easily forget the fact that it is one person reading it.  He can breathe life into the voices of so many different characters, it sounds like there are dozens of different people speaking.  Each voice is so distinct, you can tell which character is speaking from the voice impression alone.<br/><br/>I have not personally READ any of the Harry Potter series - I have listened to them...  I have an hour commute each way, so I have a lot of time to listen to audio books.  Even with this, I find myself sitting in my driveway, or assorted parking lots waiting to hear 'whats next'.  The stories are fantasic and engaging, and Mr. Dale's voice artistry has brought it to life in a way that makes me more interested in hearing it than reading it.<br/><br/>Highly recommend the audio books.  If you don't think you are interested in reading the series, this makes it more accesible to you.  If you have read it, the voice characterizations add so much to the story.
 HP &amp; the Half-Blood Prince is another well-told tale, and we see the main characters being developed in greater depth, and more background being given  about time] about Lord Voldemort's beginnings and motivations.<br/><br/>Harry, Ron &amp; Hermione return for their sixth year at Hogwarts...but things have changed...Lord Voldemort's return has finally been acknowledged by the Ministry of Magic, and Cornelius Fudge  the previous minister] has been sacked, replaced by Rufus Scrimgeour, an Auror. There is a new Potions master, Professor Slughorn, and Snape has finally been appointed to the coveted Defense Against the Dark Arts position, to Harry's consternation.<br/><br/>This book also finds Harry and his mentor Dumbledore getting closer, and forging a more meaningful friendship...Dumbledore gives Harry private lessons that allows a glimpse into Voldemort's background which is crucial to undertanding You-Know-Who's motivations.<br/><br/>Harry, Ron &amp; Hermione experience the pangs of adolescent romance, and this is handled in such a gentle and poignant manner as to appear wholly credible, making the characters very real in our minds. Draco Malfoy, who in previous novels was portrayed as merely an annoying presence, gets more exposure here, and his character turns out to be very important to the plot in this novel.<br/><br/>And then of course there is Severus Snape, whose loyalty has been in question from the very beginning - is he merely Dumbledore's loyal assistant, or a Death Eater, or a double agent? These questions are answered in some measure in this book, but the final answer is to be found in Book 7.<br/><br/>This is the final book in which much of the action takes place in Hogwarts, and that is sad...in Book 7, Hogwarts is no longer the focus of the story...but I digress. HP &amp; the Half-Blood Prince is filled with great stroytelling, the plot unfolds slowly but surely, and with the various sub-plots, keeps the reader plowing through the pages till the climactic ending. This is a very emotional book, in a sense that the main players experience all sorts of strong feelings - anger, love, passion, hatred, vengeance, grief - all of which make for compelling reading!
 Love it more with each book, it just keeps getting better and better. The only bad thing is that it is slowly coming to an end.
 My son was given a copy of the first Harry Potter book when he was 10 and it turned him into an avid reader.  He and I eagerly awaited each book and each movie.  I enjoyed the series and admire the way J K Rowling developed the characters as they aged from 11 to 17.  By the Half Blood Prince, Harry has turned 16 and I found that I didn't like him very much and then realized that I was reading a great coming of age story of a teenage boy trying to deal with/find his place in the world and at the same time engaged in a battle between good and evil.
 Harry Potter finds the potions textbook he is given to be a fantastic help in mastering the subject in which he has here-to-fore had only middling success! Then, when he witnesses the killing of Professor Dumbledore by Professor Snape, he also finds out that the book which has been such a great help to him in potions once belonged to Snape, he decides to hide it rather than being found guilty of using it.
 I just bought Harry Potter and to be honest, the beginning was a little slow, obviously Snape turns out to be bad or is he? Harry is finally taken away from the dursleys, blah blah blah, you dont really get to the meat of the story until about 100 pages in and then it takes another 50-75 to really get the ball rolling. The teenage intrigue and romance are excellent and realistic touches to an otherwise completely unrealistic series, on the surface anyway. As the end approaches, the questions of the book and series are eitehr addressed or alluded too, Will Harry find the courage and ability to kill Voldemort? Will HArry find love, what the hell is bill doing with fleur, Ron and Hermione? an unrequited love returned and finally a death in the family. The ending of this book was perfect, it paved the way for the seventh book and was just so slam bam! that i was emotionally drawn in, masterfully done, I cannot wait until the last book!
 I would give that at present to either Goblet of Fire or Azkaban. For me this one simply got bogged down in talk, talk, talk. In the  first half or so Rowling seemed to be going through the numbers ticking off things that had to be in each book "just because" of precedent. More long odds quidditch matches, more strife amongst the close friends, more backfiring magic. Finally, in the later chapters, when Harry and Dumbledore finally get some actual "adventuring" in together, beyond the very boring pensive trips (surely there had to be a better or more concise way of telling Riddle's history than those), the magic of the series came back into full bloom. It is a wise choice by Rowling that at present only seven books are planned because there are fewer and fewer totally new and engaging places, magicks, and situations left to explore. The classes are all well-known, the people, the castle, the surroundings, Hogsmead, etc. However, the ending certainly throws the potential plotlines and events of the final book in the series open to complete speculation and that is the greatest of Rowling's strengths, making you desperately want to know how things will turn out in the end.
 This book was a fun (albeit dark) read. It is a fitting transition from the teenage angst of Book 5 to the culmination of the series in Book 7. Harry and the other characters live in a magical world full of turmoil, with Death Eaters gaining power and striking fear into the hearts of witches and wizards the world over. While this is going on, the main characters are still at Hogwarts, studying upper-level magical skills, and maturing as people. Dumbledore arms Harry with some knowledge about Lord Voldemort that he will need in the inevitable battle, and the story ends with a flurry of twists and turns that leave the reader wanting to move right into the next book to see how the saga ends.
 This one is my favorite out of the whole series. It is so interesting and you dive deep into Voldemort's past and learn much more about the characters.  These are great books one of my absolute favorite series! They are so captivating, these books are for any age! I would recommend reading the books before seeing the movies of course you get more out of it! J.K. Rowling is so clever the books is very original and well thought out. Over the series you really get to know the characters and she does a great job keeping you interested in the books!
 Ron, Harry and Hermoine are growing nicely into young adults. The more mature characters are becoming rounded and robust. Harry, of course, always tries to take the situation into his own hands but this time, he doesn't succeed as in the previous books. In fact, I became a bit irritated with his sometimes meglomaniacal behavior. The story, at this point, is a microcosm of our own world; intolerant, evil, greedy, distructive and heartless.<br/><br/>Harry's world clearly is a brilliant representation of what happens when evil is ignored until it becomes powerful, manipulative and life-threatening. You see the children's world undergo a metamorphosis from life to a nightmare where trust is gone, good people do bad things, and the calm repetitive smoothness of day-to-day life has begun to erode and unravel. How quickly the small pleasures of life can disappear!<br/><br/>Hogwarts school, always a rock of security, becomes dangerous and threatening. Friends begin to distrust each other and adults attempt to protect by well or ill, their families and their world. At times, one even feels a bit sad for Malfoy, somehow sensing that he's compelled to perform tasks beyond his true desires. It is a powerful lesson how we must never take our worlds for granted.<br/><br/>The most tragic event of course, was the disasterous quest of Harry and Professor Dumbledore. Completely compelling, their ill-fated journey is an absolute page-turner. Dumbledore, more the warrior than the gentle teacher, tutors Harry along unknown deadly paths and finally to the most terrifying moment of his life. You too, may shed a few tears over these pages.<br/><br/>Finally, although Voldemort's story is once again expounded, it is getting a bit tiresome but now it is repeated with even more detail. I for one, didn't need a complete review of his past as we have already been told much of the story over the last several books. However, in The Half-Blooded Prince, Voldermort's evil profoundly asserts itself in all its true malevolence and leaves you almost afraid to know what happens in the final Harry Potter saga.<br/><br/>I would not recommend this book for children under 12, unless you, as a parent have read it yourself and feel that your child would not be upset after reading it. The themes of this book, although told from a young adult's view, are universal in their ability to terrify. Lord Voldermort is a terrifying and  remorslessly unrepentent character. The methods Voldermort employs towards the destruction of Harry's particular world resonate uneasily with the parallels of our own.
 I guess it is the adult in me that I love this book the most out of the series. The characters are maturing and I'm finding a lot more to agree with. It doesn't matter how old you are, you need to read this series!<br/><br/>I can't say enough what an amazing writer Jo Rowling is. Her imagination is mind-blowing, her characters are loveable, and her style is just fantastic. It blows my mind wondering how she can so easily set herself in the mind-frame of a teenage boy, and make it totally believable.<br/><br/>In Book 6, I found myself a little bored with the romantic goings-on of the various characters, but otherwise the action and the story were well worth the seemingly endless pages of snogging. I love everything about Harry's growing character, and would be happy if JKR continued to write about Hogwarts for the next few decades.
 As someone who had ignored the whole "Harry Potter" fever that enveloped the literary world years ago, I fell in love with the magical movies. Now I'm reading the novels and finding out thing and filling in gaps I never knew. Its great to suddenly understand why X did this, or Q did that! For instance, in the movies I always wondered why Kreacher was in Sirius' house and why he was so awful! In the books you get more insight.
 Love Harry Potter books and these audio versions are excellent with great characters voices by Jim Dale bring the story to life..
 (5 stars for Harry Potter, not for what happened to me due to lack of clarity by Amazon.)<br/><br/>The language listed in the details about this book is "English" and the ISBN for this book is the SAME as HP 6, British release.  I have no idea if it varies if you order a new one from a seller, but if you are ordering from a used seller- message them first.  I believe some may have the German version and some may have the German-released English version, while others may simply have HP 6.  Amazon needs to fix this and clarify that this is *not* intended to be HP 6 actually published in German.  For that book click here:  http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/3551354065/ref=ox_sc_act_title_1?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&amp;smid=A317YISDMRJIZA.
 It's Harry Potter. Bestselling series of all time. I'm sure there's already a thousand other reviews worth reading written much more elequantly than I could muster.
 I liked all the Harry Potter books.  This one was good and exciting.  It's a fun read and good for teenagers to adults.  You need to read the books in order and this is as good as all the others if not better.  Highly recommended for young adults but still enjoyable if your older.  I also like reading the Potter books over the movies in fact recommend reading the books first.  Give this book a try.
 Bottom Line: Loaner (unless you have to have it for your collection)<br/>I have to say I was disappointed in many things about this book.<br/>First and foremost, it didn't grab my attention at the initial start of the book, like the previous books had.<br/>Then, the insertion of the flashbacks at the first third of the book I felt was, confusing.  Added to that, they seemed to drone on a bit longer than they needed.<br/>Thirdly, the relationship between Harry and Dumbledore seemed to suddenly turn in another direction..which didn't feel 'true' to me based on the relationship portrayed in the previous installments..and it also added to the 'overness' of the book.<br/>Then, we add in the relationship between Harry and Ginny, which was the all time most forced thing in this book, for me.  It didn't feel right, didn't make any sense, on any level.  It felt like a hasty move to shove another love scenario into the story.  And then Ron and Hermione are supposed to like each other?  I didn't get that either.  There wasn't any or enough foundation laid for any of it, to me.  It would have been far more interesting had Luna taken a romantic interest in Harry..now there's a chick who could have turned him every which way but loose.<br/>All and all, it felt like, a book written by an author who might be perhaps 'over' this entire series and its characters.
 While I found the ending of this 6th Harry Potter episode entirely predictable (yes, predictable), I'll confess that I found myself pacing the floor as I read, unable to get enough of it.<br/><br/>I love the development of Tonks, and various other members of the Order of the Phoenix. I also love the development of Harry Pottner himself, who shows maturity beyond his age.<br/><br/>This like all the Harry Potter stories is another great addition to children's literature. It outlines a huge battle between good and evil, stands on its own, and continues enough exictement to encourage another 1.6 million people ordering the next installment as soon as preorders are available.
 Read these in elementary school as they were coming out and I can say confidently that they were just as satisfying the second time around.
 Came in pretty good condition. The cover was a little ruffled, but I was happy to find no tears, and all the pages intact.
 _There are few more enjoyable ways to spend a summer evening than reading the latest Harry Potter. I know that it made my summer. Of course I knew it would, since I had read the previous five volumes since nearly the very beginning of the series and had never been disappointed once.<br/><br/>_I found this installment to be as fresh and interesting as ever. However, the wonderful, unique atmosphere that we associate with Hogwarts is still there. So are all of our old, old friends. Moreover, I was worried that I would have to dig through the rest of the series to refresh my memory on certain references, but the author does a good job of jogging your memory without resorting to footnotes or repetitious retellings.<br/><br/>_Plus, there was also at least one good "twist" where she got me- I was absolutely certain that I had figured out who the "Half-Blood Prince" was- and I was wrong. However, unless she has "got" me again I think I know what the last Horcrux is....
 I just finished the new installment of "Harry Potter" and I am going to try to give a spoiler free review. I have been madly in love with the "Potter" series for the last several years, and I am sad to say that I am a little let down by this last edition.<br/><br/>I think that Rowling abandoned characters that had become some what important in previous stories. These characters were paid lip service and allowed to be a mild part in some sections, but there was no connection to Harry. The characters of Luna and Nevelle became so developed in the last book it was a shame to see them rarely used in this one. Also Harry's new love interest kind of develops out of no where. There has been no real set up to explain Harry's new fascination. It almost sounds like the relationship is developed so that Harry can make a dramatic statement about himself in the end.<br/><br/>Also there are no intriguing subplots in this book like in so many of the others. Book five had the "DA Club," book 4 was full of each different adventure of the tournament. Each book had engrossing subplots that kept the story flowing. This book lacks those and suffers from it. I actually found myself becoming bored part way through the book with Harry's ramblings about his suspicions. Also because of the constantly repeating tension between Hermione and Ron resulting from their unrequited love, the three of them hardly ever work together to figure out any of the sub mysteries that added to flow of the book.<br/><br/>Now don't get me wrong. It was not a bad book, just not as good as 3, 4 or surprisingly to say 5. The good thing though is that Rowling has several chances to improve on it. The ending of this book gives me the distinct idea that Rowling will move Harry away from the school into the wide world in search five different items. In book six there was no real exploration to Hogwarts, no new discoveries that we have come to expect. It seemed that she had grown bored with the school grounds and now needs to expand. I am very pleased by this idea. If she details a search for these five items and then a final battle with Lord V, that will give us at least 6 more books to enjoy. I hope so.
 I give this book 5 stars because it is my favorite in the series. It does a great deal of explaining past occurences, particularly with Tom Riddle. It actually made me cry at the end, and any book that does that deserves 5 stars. However, I found the first bit completely useless in plot advancement, and it nearly ruined the book for me. The first chapter is not relevant to anything other than introducing a new character, and it's not particularly good at that. A couple of things in this book make me wonder about its acurateness since they are the opposite of what you would have thought based on previous books, but that could be easily explained in book 7, so I withold judgement on that aspect for the moment. It was a good read, anyone who reads Harry Potter obviously HAS to read it, but after preordering it in March and nearly trampling the delivery man to get it, I was disappointed in the beginning. Just ignore the first chapter or so, and after that, the book is great.
 1. I found myself, at various points throughout the story, flashing back to the first time I read Sorcerer's (Philosopher's) Stone. What a fanciful story, fun and full of whimsy that was. I can't really say the same thing about either this story or Order of the Phoenix ... I found myself amazed at some points that these stories were even connected to that first one. I understand ... characters are getting older, times are getting darker, the first wasn't totally fun because Harry's parents still got killed, etc., but it's really a shame that the characters can't seem to have fun anymore, that everything must be seeped in dreariness. At some points HBP reads more like a soap opera than a children's book (which it really isn't), and though that progression makes sense in the world of the story, I believe I'm still allowed to mourn the loss of some of happiness.<br/><br/>2. The identity of the half-blood prince ... well, like I said above, no spoilers, but like the identity of Kane's sled as Rosebud, the prince's identity really means very little to the plot of the story. Sure, it is a mystery, but one with very little weight or (seeming) importance.<br/><br/>3. Death ... once again, Rowling has hinted that a major character would not survive this penultimate chapter of the series. Once again, Rowling also toys with the readers, using their expectations to jump to early conclusions about certain circumstances. However, Rowling relies on standard plotting, meaning there are probably very few surprises to be found within the middle of the 652 page story.<br/><br/>4. Romance ... Rowling ratchets up the hormones in this story, which makes sense considering these are 16 and 17 year old kids in living in truly scary times. The British vocabulary adds a bit of mystery to the proceedings (ie, the kids are snogging, not smooching), but even in British English, a slut is still a slut ... definitely an interesting word to be used, for sure.<br/><br/>5. Mysteries ... Many questions are answered, and even more are raised. More light is shed on the "life" of Voldemort, and there are some other interesting ties to the other stories. There are a few of what I like to call "integral" mysteries ... ie, mysteries that drive the plot. Much like in her other books, these mysteries are very unlikely to be solved through the use of logic ... instead, an item innocently mentioned in early description takes much greater importance later, much like Ginny's acquisition of the diary in Chamber of Secrets.<br/><br/>While there were definitely some interesting elements in this novel, I'm not sure I enjoyed it nearly as much as some of the other ones. Questions are answered, but at a very slow and deliberate pace. Emotion and description run amok, as in OotP, in such a way that it seems as if Rowling is deliberately trying to improve her writing by "showing instead of telling", yet losing her flow in the process.<br/><br/>Perhaps my opinions will change upon further digestion of the material and another reading.<br/><br/>My rankings of the novels so far:<br/><br/>1. Goblet of Fire<br/><br/>2. Prisoner of Azkaban<br/><br/>3. Sorcerer's (Philosopher's) Stone<br/><br/>4. Chamber of Secrets<br/><br/>5. -6. Order of the Phoenix &amp; Half-Blood Prince<br/><br/>BTW: I did notice a few spelling errors in the book ... were they that anxious to get it out ... unless of course breath on a window usually creates a "fug"
 Delux edition, beautiful!  The dust jacket, the book sleeve, the art work in the back pages, just stunning!  I tried, not to cry on it, I'm sure I kept my kleenex between me and this piece of art.<br/><br/>And aside from the sad parts, this is after all, all about Voldemort and how he became that way,  if you just want normal "fun" skip those chapters where Harry has lessons with Dumbledore, and stop before the end part.  Which is amazing, really, the D.A, the fight, Dracos trauma on the tower.<br/><br/>We have what?  Lavlav and Wonwon, and finally Harry and his true love. Slughorn a wonderful character created by JKR, we see Snapes home, we have decent (finally) potions lessons.  We see a sadder version of Diagon Alley, true, but we also get Weasleys Wizard Wheezes. Weasley twins new shop on Diagon Alley!  They have been "my heros" ever since book 5, and you KNOW why.<br/><br/>Now, Deathly Hallows is the 2nd part of book 6.  Per JKR these 2 last books go together it is just the story is too long for 1 book.  So, in the future, I'll be able to read book 6 and 7 together, as they were meant to be.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is another amazing Harry Potter novel.  JK Rowling did an excellent job of keeping things interesting the whole time and adding onto the story.  I was especially impressed at how she let the reader know that the times were dark, but it wasn't dreary the whole time.  The last three or four chapters are probably the most moving of any of her books so far.  I truly felt like I was feeling Harry's sorrow.  Even though I couldn't recommend this book to a young child (it's too dark and mature in my opinion), I think it is a wonderful continuation of the HP story.
 While this book is nowhere near as tightly plotted as the Order of the Phoenix (best in the series along with the Prisoner of Azkaban) it is a fun read. I suspect that Rowlings needed to tidy up the plot line before the grand finally that will surely include the battle Royale between Harry and Voldemort. I think Rowlings had realized that she needed to cover a few things that were not covered in the previous books and also could have made the plot for Book VII a drag. Therefore, she had decided to put them in Book VI. These are:<br/><br/>1. What makes Voldemort tick? Given the richly detailed world of HP, one has to wonder why we do not know more about Voldemort after five books. In this book Rowlings takes care of that.<br/><br/>2. Why Voldemort came back after he had apparently died?<br/><br/>3. Why Snape is with the Order eventhough he was a deatheater?<br/><br/>4. Will Harry be ready to fight Voldemort mentally?<br/><br/>5. What about romance? Will Harry have any?<br/><br/>These are indeed difficult questions to answer without making the book's plot disjointed but that is what needs to be done here. And doing this seems like a detour from the excitement of the OOTP especially after OOTP had developed such a loveable and complex character in the form of Luna Lovegood and made Neville Longbottom more than just comic relief.<br/><br/>The new character, Prof. Slughorn, is a convinient character that will allow Snape to be taken out of Hogwarts and also allows Harry to take Potions in order to become an Auror. In addition, Slughorn ties up some of the loose ends with Voldemort.<br/><br/>Of course the most interesting character in the whole series is Snape and here we are treated to events that seem to mark him as a traitor. However, a careful reading of the book, I think, will leave that open to question, especially when one considers what Hagird says about Snape's conversation with Dumbledore and what Snape says to Harry as he is escaping from Hogwarts. Even as Snape is fending of Harry's hexes, he seems to be lecturing him on what he needs to improve in order to become a better wizard. In addition, the fact that he takes so much offense in being called a coward could be interperted as him disliking his own betrayal of the order. (Snape's betrayal somehow reminds me of the trick that Germans used in WWII to penetrate resistance movements in the occupied countries: they would turn a member of resistance and have him kill (or apparently kill) a few Germans so that he would gain the full confidence of the resistance. That way, the Germans could gained access to inner most sanctums of the resistance and thus, destroyed it). In addition, the fact that Snape does not seem to have been part of the initial invasion of Hogwarts by the Deatheaters seem to show that he was not aware of the details of Malfoy's plan.<br/><br/>Dumbledore had proclaimed that he trusted Snape unequivocally, and I suspect part of this may have something to do with what we see in OOTP when Harry sees how his dad had treated Snape and how Harry's mother had come to Snape's defense. Could it be that Snape was in love with Lily and he could not forgive Voldemort for killing her? And that his dislike for Harry comes from the fact that Lily had sacrificed herself for his sake?<br/><br/>Again this book, unlike the previous five books, does not have a tight plot and does not have a tight ending. It leaves us wondering why somethings were said and somethings were done. However, I suspect when Book VII comes out, the utility and value of the "Half-blood Pricne" becomes clear.<br/><br/>Meanwhile, it was wonderful to journey back to the beautiful and strange world of Harry Potter, even though this time it felt like a detour from Harry's journey towards his grand finale with Voldemort.
 It's Harry Potter's penultimate year at Hogwarts and things in the wizarding world--and the world of Muggles, for that matter--are not looking good. Voldemort is back and the Death Eaters, the dark wizard's evil minions, have begun claiming victims. Meanwhile, in the relatively safe haven that is Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher has been installed, the sixth DADA instructor in as many years. And Hogwarts's newest faculty member, a certain Horace Slughorn, seeks to gather Harry--"The Chosen One," as the Daily Prophet is now calling him--into his flock of favorites. Harry, however, is spending his time instead in the company of Hogwarts's headmaster: he and Dumbledore clamber about in other people's memories throughout much of the book--a trick achieved with the use of Dumbledore's handy pensieve. Ron and Hermione, not privy to these adventures, pass their time instead simmering at a slightly higher temperature than usual. The book simmers as well, building slowly, almost quietly, as Rowling plays with readers, making us wonder repeatedly whether we know for certain where her characters' allegiances lie. We find out for certain--or so we must think, anyway--in the dramatic events that unfold toward the book's end, when the identity of the Half-Blood Prince of the book's title is revealed and Rowling's latest read becomes--fans will not be surprised--nearly unputdownable.<br/><br/>One can criticize J.K. Rowling's sixth book on a few counts. The author does not throw out very many life preservers to those of us who have not recently read or reread the earlier books in the series, frequently alluding to characters and events from previous installments without reminding us of their significance, which can be confusing. The identity of the Half-Blood Prince, too, once revealed, is not as important as readers are led to expect. And the final chapter of the book, while some of its material is necessary to complete the story, is over-long and makes for an unfortunately dull conclusion. But these are relatively small complaints. After many thousands of pages, Rowling's prose continues very much the same--a kind of straightforward, unaffected writing that gets the story across without slowing things down, a style that has proved unusually accessible to a vast readership. In the six volumes of her oeuvre Rowling has carefully and vividly brought to life a complex, fully realized world, plucked from her imagination, one that will stand on its own and continue to engage the imagination of audiences long after Rowling herself is able to oversee it (much like the universe of Gene Rodenberry's Star Trek in this respect). Her creation of this alternate world, so real to her readers, is, I believe, a remarkable achievement.<br/><br/>Reviewed by Debra Hamel, author of Trying Neaira: The True Story of a Courtesan's Scandalous Life in Ancient Greece
 Well, I guess we knew this latest installment in the Harry Potter series would strike up as much, if not more controversy than THE GOBLET OF FIRE and THE ORDER OF THE PHOENIX did. But having just finished THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE---and pacing myself so as not to finish it too quickly---I understand though can't really countenance the HBP nay-sayers whose reviews I've read here and elsewhere. Just a word or two about that follows . . .<br/><br/>Difficult as it may be, since Harry is growing up, it behooves the rest of us to do the same.  Rowling's penultimate Harry Potter book takes us farther along toward Harry's coming of age, and while some miss the innocence and newness of the first books, if Harry stayed an innocent he wouldn't stand a chance against the battle to come as he faces Voldemort, would he now?  Even the students' learning magic at Hogwarts has evolved as we see Harry, Ron, and Hermoine struggling to master the complexities of apparition as well as more complex spells and potions.<br/><br/>I have to take issue with those who grouse about the pages of exposition relayed to us by Dumbledore via the penseive, et al, since it is so short-sighted.  Again, Harry has to know his enemy and who better to prep him than Dumbledore?  At least the format of this exposition varies: some is via flashbacks to Tom Riddle's deprived youth and some is in the form of conversation, but both show us how differently Harry has evolved in comparison to Tom, despite the Dursleys who are Dickensian in their mistreatment of a helpless dependant. Harry is ready to sit and listen---why can't we?<br/><br/>Snape has always been a favorie of mine and though I deplore his crankiness, petty revenges, snarls, and Slytherin mind-set, I can't help remembering the bitter rivalry between him and James Potter who was always backed up by his cronies while Snape was alone.  So the spectacularly hurtful ending staggered me, but as surely as I'm haunted by Dumbledore's drinking cup after cup of potion to retrieve the "horcrux," I'm just as haunted by his later saying, "Get me back to Severus."  It follows then that Draco's deadly mischief and the ensuing battles have left us with more questions than answers, which might just be the point.<br/><br/>I look forward to the next and, I hope, final book in the series as much as I dread it.  And in these fearful times, I can't help but think Rowling has helped many of our children grow these past years to become more tolerant and hopeful in the face of impossible odds.  I know she has helped me.
 Rowling had a very difficult task in writing this book....not only does it need to appeal to the younger audience, but also to rather large adult audience that has picked them up as well, of course including those who have grown up reading these books. The last two books rambled greatly and were much in need of stronger editing, but this book both becomes darker while still being much more enjoyable to read than the last. While many praised Rowling for making Harry less "perfect" in Phoenix, what it left us with was a long book with someone who was in a foul mood through most of the book...and constantly in unpleasant circumstances as well.  It made for a book that was not very fun to read as a result (the length didn't help) and had an ending that was quite anti-climatic and didn't really tell us anything we hadn't already figured out (death of a major character notwithstanding). Azkaban was, and still is, the best book, and stands on its own as well. Book 6 is not far behind though. It manages to be even darker and more disturbing than the rest of the series in many ways, yet I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of reading it. I forgot how much I really did like the character of Dumbledore...absent through most of Phoenix. He plays a very active role in this book, with good effect. He is our teacher as well as Harry's and it's handled well so that younger readers can follow it without overly boring adults. There's a lot of interesting character developments, not just for Harry, but for other major characters we thought we knew by now. And the ending is truly emotional for any true fan of the series, one that will stay with you awhile, and sets up for the last book in such a way that fans will debate endlessly what is coming until it is released. This book may not stand on its own as well as some of the earlier books...but as one that gives us a compelling story and leaves us dying for more, it more than meets the mark.
 Excellent like all the other HP books I've read so far.  I still haven't read Deathly Hollows and don't know how the story ends!  The majority of the book is more lighthearted than Order of the Pheonix, harkening back to the earlier books.  One noticeable difference is how much more confident and bold Harry has become.  The ending though is so heartbreaking part of me didn't want to read on to Deathly Hollows, but I will of course.
 I have to warn you that the sixth book contains the darkest secrets and actions of all Harry Potter books so far. Jo Rowling continue with her pheomonon Harry Potter series with a new twist, where I expect the same cycle in the story to repeat: Harry battling his way away from the Dursleys; returning to the Order of the Phoenix; returning to Hogwarts with some problems on the way; Qudditch incident, always, and Malfoy confrontations. Only the truth about this book is, some those happened. Jo has twisted the whole novel around and actually gave me the feeling that I am reading a different book that just have a character named Harry Potter who happens to be a wizard. The reason this is, is because, I think, Harry Potter and his friends (Ron, Hermione, Luna, Neville, etc.) have matured so much since the incident in the Department of Mysteries.<br/><br/>Since the news of Voldemort being at large once again, the Wizarding communities have taken full alert at once. Since there have already been mysterious deaths and disappearance, the novel starts out with a different speed, location, and simply, style; and i have to say that the style of the book, is positive. During the course of the book, the most important point is that Harry is to learn more about Voldemort's young self, Tom Riddle. While his learning this, he discovered a mysterious thing (won't spoil that for you =]) that belong to someone who claims to be, "Half-Blood Prince" (let's say the name was written onto the object) who helped him in a way. Also, a new teacher arrives to take take up an unexpected post by Dumbledore's request. While darkness curtains our world (yes, the muggle world too, since that's the same place), young loves are spouting everywhere, and Mrs. Weasley said that dark times brings people together, knowing that something might happened to them.<br/><br/>In this book, the old characters return, though some did not (minor characters, not major, so don't worry!), and don't know why, maybe Jo don't think they are needed in this particular novel. More new characters are introduced, but none as lucky as Luna Lovegood, who became Harry and his friend's close friends.<br/><br/>You are warned! The ending of the novel is very unexpected and yes, it leaves my eyes all puffy-red (though, not in a Lord Voldemort way, thank God) and I have cried even harder when Sirius died, who happened to be my first-fave character; therefore, this book is dark. But it is really worth reading because Harry discovers new things and things are going on in a new sort of way, and any Harry Potter fans, cannot miss.<br/><br/>Buy it or not? I just gotta say that I can't wait to get my hands onto the SEVENTH BOOK! Wonder when it comes out, seriously. And hope it doesn't have me end it tears, cuz I still can't breathe properly since I read the last page from Chapter 28 to the end of the book; and it is LONG. So imagine that. Oh and did i tell you I still feel miserable and my eyes are filled with tears? Don't worry if you are scared to read it, things can't get anything worst. I hope.
 The first Harry Potter book was very clearly a children's book, or charitably, something in the realm of "juvenile fiction".  It was very short, something less than half the size of the subsequent entries in the series, and it was written in very broad strokes, almost as a pastiche of a work about sorcerers, witches and magic.  It was undeniably charming, and gave us our first glimpse of a brand new world that has been growing richer and more complex with each new book.  The sophistication and style of the  writing has grown concomitantly, and while it is still true that HP and the Half-Blood Prince is suitable for juveniles, it is most certainly not a children's book.<br/><br/>The Half-Blood Prince starts out oh so slowly and I despaired during the first 100 or 150 pages that at least for me, perhaps the magic of Harry Potter had finally worn off.  The  basic formula that had worked so well for the previous 5 books was not much in evidence - the Dursleys barely appeared at all- and there was no new mystery and/or challenge like the TriWizard Tournament, the Chamber of Secrets or the escape from Azkaban to focus on.  This, in part, gives the early part of the book a sort of unfocused feel.  More so than with any book in the series that has come before, the reader needs to be part of the HP club, and to remember well many details of the preceding 2 or 3 volumes to really understand what is going on.<br/><br/>All that being said, as other reviewers have noted, the character development is good. As our heroes and heroines get older (they are approaching 17 years of age by book's end) they get more mature and complex, there are age-appropriate loves requited and unrequited and the relationship among Ron, Hermione and Harry develop.  The Harry- Draco feud intensifies, forcing a showdown or two, and Malfoy's malignity grows in a delightful way and becomes better incorporated into the grand scheme of things.<br/><br/>Finally, the focus of the story resolves itself into the search for Voldemort and the means to defeat him once and for all.  Much of the book is actually a backstory, told to Harry by Dumbledore and the pensieve, of the origin of Voldemort and his early days.  Some of this comes as a surprise, some not.  But as the Half-Blood Prince enters its final 150 pages, things start to heat up - considerably.  The final 75 pages or so are a no-holds barred, can't-put-it-down page-turner that ranks among the best of the sections that Rowling has written so far.  A widely rumored death occurs, but I bet it is not who you think it is, and for me, I remember that in the land of Hogwarts and magic, all is not always as it seems, what with Polyjuice Potions and shape-shifters and so on.  In any event, the final pages provide a great set-up for the 7th and presumably final volume that I predict will feature a thrilling and satisfactory conclusion.  Way to go JK!  I'm looking forward to number 7.
 The depiction of snapes character is perfect in this story.  Dark... sneaky... hates potter.  But loved his mother.  It must have been hard to spend as much time with Harry as he didin this story and then show intentional betrayal in the eyes of his mother.  I love this book because it is so close to how I would have been if I were in snapes situation.  Also... dumbedore isn't perfect and finally he is shown helpless.  Not that I'm against him but it sure was a fascinating twist in the end.
 It helps to read a book like this if one's expectations are properly set. This simply is not a stand-alone book. It is the set-up for the final book in the series. As such, no one should expect it to have a satisfying, uplifting, all-loose-ends-tied-up ending, and it doesn't.<br/><br/>What it does have are (1) good continuing character development on the main characters in the book, (2) at least one totally unexpected twist, (3) reasonably brisk pacing, especially compared to Order of the Phoenix, and (4) additional depth on the wizarding world and other aspects of magic.<br/><br/>As others have noted, the adolescent romance scenes can put one's teeth on edge, but is that really outlandish? Who among us was suave and smooth during our own first explorations into relationships with the opposite sex? Personally, I don't see where the Ron-Hermione thing come from, but I've seen more inexplicable pairings in real life.<br/><br/>You have a couple of strategies to choose from. First, you can read this now and gnaw over the unsettled fates of most of the main characters and the tragedies in this book until book 7 comes out in 12-18 months. But if you just can't stand being in suspense that long, then DON'T READ THIS BOOK RIGHT NOW! Wait until book 7 is released or imminent so that you can read both together.<br/><br/>But don't complain that this book leaves you feeling unsatisfied. That's exactly what it's supposed to do. I'm glad I've read it now, because there are many interesting things to think about pending the release of the last book. And, given what I've read about the process Rowling went through in crafting the series, I have confidence the last book will make up for the unsatifying nature of this book's ending.
 I cannot say I like this book as well as any of the other Harry Potter books but I must still admit that it is a good work. This is true not only in terms of story but of characterization as well. The characters are complex and compelling.<br/><br/>Harry has grown up a bit in each book. This is to be expected. In this one, however, he takes a giant step. Though still not an adult, he begins to act the part of an adult with all of the responsibility that entails. It means that he is more accomplished but it also means that he is not quite as carefree and that he takes things like responsibility, truth and honor seriously. This does not make him a perfect character. He can still have lapses of judgment but he has them knowing the consequences, or at least the possible consequences, of his actions.<br/><br/>The other characters are complex as well. Snape in particular is well developed. He is not the simple, one dimensional character of evil. In learning some of his story in this and in previous books, one can almost develop a sense of pity for him even while despising his behavior. Even at the end of this book, there is the feeling that there is more to Snape than just what we know so far. I look forward to learning more.<br/><br/>This story centers on Harry and Dumbledore trying to track down clues about Valdemort. These investigations go towards motivations as well as to means and weaknesses. Along the way, Harry is troubled and distracted by school, sport and girls. At many points, one gets the feeling that Valdemort and the forces of evil are easy to deal with compared to dealing with girls. Very realistic here. The proper amount of teen angst is combined with mature consideration. Sometimes the hormones win and sometimes they take a back seat.<br/><br/>This book was not as fascinating as the others but it is still well worth reading. Now the only problem is that I will have to wait for so long until the next installment.
 This book is part of a series (presumably of 7) books making it difficult to adequately review separately.  The entire series is chronological.  In this book, Harry is approaching his 17th birthday-the time of wizard adulthood.  The characters reflect their ages, and thus their maturing processes, during the series.  Up to now, Harry has been a child growing into adolescence.  Thus, he's been protected in many ways though he's also had extreme trials.  But now he's poised to enter adulthood in which he is no longer under another's wings.  This book prepares him for that development.  It also shows him how his arch enemy developed into "maturity" in a dark manner-unlike his own.  Such information may prove invaluable in his future, predicted conflict with Voldemort.  As usual, Ms. Rowling laces her novel with humor (I often laughed out loud), mystery (who is the Prince?  Who's side is Snape really on?).  While her series depicts the archetypal conflict between good and evil, she is far more subtle as well-producing a many-layered tapestry of prose.  Even the Dark Lord and Draco Malfoy are shown to have shades of gray - and so does Harry.  Things are not as simple as they seem.  One wonders if a certain wizard had something special up his sleeve before his "untimely" departure-which doesn't at all seem untimely to me.  This was necessary for Harry's development as a protagonist.  Is this the Harcrux of the matter?<br/><br/>It will be interesting to see how Rowling resolves the dichotomies in book 7 which may or may not be the end of the Harry Potter saga.  I suspect from her obvious talents that it will be synergistic rather than merely climax.  To my mind the most complex and interesting character is Snape.  Finally, we got a bit of his history as well as Tom Riddle's.  Snape is enigma incarnate.  We also got a better look at Ginny who fills a void in both Harry's life and in the cast-providing teenage girls with a very different paradigm than Hermione.  As with the characters, this book is a revelation of the past maturing into the present...as with adolescence, there is a marked qualitative difference in development from that of the past-which is absolutely necessary to achieve adulthood.  Ms. Rowling has moved from a great storyteller into a writer of literature-though of a particular niche.  But, whether you treasure this development or not, as with the prior HP books, it's a great read.  Enjoy!
 Who is the Half-Blood Prince? What is Draco up too?  What is the secret of Tom Riddle's Diary? Questions to answer.
 Book 6 of the Harry Potter series tantalizes more than it satisfies, and that may well be the entire point.  Fans that have waited on tenterhooks for the Half-Blood Prince volume to hit bookstore shelves may be vaguely disappointed at this latest offering, clearly designed as a launchpad for quintessential volume 7.<br/><br/>Though Rowling gets an "O"utstanding for creativity in the series overall, in HBP the reader still has to slog through familiar phrases (Crookshanks the ginger cushion; Hermione and her bushy hair; Harry and his mother's eyes; Lupin with his patched, shabby robes and greying hair, etc.), reiterative scenes (late to Hogwarts, Harry is dragged inside by Snape; Hagrid's inebriated weeping as he seeks sympathy from Harry, Ron &amp; Hermione in the ailment of one of his beloved but repugnant creatures; the trio of friends fighting with another obnoxious plant in Sprout's greenhouse; Harry tumbling from his broom during Quiddich, etc.) and niggling hasn't-that-been-done-somewhere-before references reflecting the heavy influence the literature read in her youth must have had on Rowling {Aragog (Shelob); Kreacher (Gollum); Dumbledore (Gandalf); caves with submerged treasure (Monte Cristo); lakes with dead people (Dead Marshes); Hagrid (Giant Rumblebuffin); Cedric Diggory (Digory Kirke), etc.}.<br/><br/>None of these things prove overly burdensome to the reader thanks to Rowling's other astute characterizations, her incredible devotion to detail and her engaging writing style.  The grasp she has and conveys of the characters at each age is nothing short of astounding, as is the progression of each from book to book.  In HBP, Harry has not lost all of the irritability and frustration of his on-the-cusp-of-adulthood age that we got a sometimes bitter taste of in Order of the Phoenix, yet in HBP he shoulders responsibility more admirably, generally with a world-weary resignation reminiscent of Sirius or Lupin, but occasionally with more than a hint of the blind youthful overzealousness that threatened to be his downfall in previous adventures.  All the Hogwarts sixth years demonstrate the curious resilience of their age, one moment searching the Daily Prophet anxiously for news of another fallen comrade, the next gossiping about Quiddich or who's "snogging" who!  And there are a lot of all of those activities going on from chapter to chapter. Rowling skillfully glides through what could have been the most awkward and difficult scenes of the book--student romantic encounters--applying just enough flippancy to keep them real as well as to prevent from overpowering the story.  But it's not all fun and games:  lying, cheating, abuse, disfigurement and death are also to be found in HBP, and receive the same deft handling as the lighter topics, keeping the reader flipping anxiously from one page to the next.<br/><br/>The major complaint this reader (and apparently others) had was the sudden, accelerated pace of the last few chapters, with a good deal crammed in, and a good deal left out (what's Mad-Eye been up to?  or Voldemort for that matter?) or glazed over (Narcissa, Bellatrix, Malfoy), as though Rowling was forced to meet a "number of pages" cutoff.<br/><br/>There is something in HBP for everyone, alas, even nitpickers from all avenues. Some will decry Harry's motives and integrity; still more will scoff at ostensibly foolish decisions made by once-revered characters; and others will seize the opportunity to take swipes at HBP's glimpses into dark or daring subject matter such as animal cruelty, child abuse, alcoholism, underage drinking, teen-age relations and even interracial dating.  In HBP, new sympathies emerge; old hatreds rekindle; friendships falter and are reborn stronger than before. The battle of good and evil continues, but Rowling never detours from the bottom line:  as in life, it is all about choice. Bad choices have consequences, including forgiveness--if the trespasser would only ask.  And friendship, love and loyalty, while they may not always conquer all, definitely rule!
 I purchased this book simply as a prop for my proposal to my girlfriend later this month. Book came in great condition, which was my biggest concern no damaged edges. I'm going to be cutting a heart shaped box into the pages to set the ring in because the first chapter is the unbreakable vow. As far as the actual story I'm sure it's great though my copy will have many holes in the story...
 Best book of the series. It was intense from the first chapter. No repeating or reintroducing characters like all the rest of the books. A real page turner throughout.
 Like many other people, I am seriously "adicted" to the series. I struggled with whether to travel three hours to buy my copy at a midnight party or go with Amazon day of publication delivery. I tried to experiment with the latter.<br/><br/>Regardless, this book is dissappointing. It is of course still a very good book, but it is not as good as the others in the series. I can understand Harry making mistakes (which he does), but I do not understand some of the mistakes made by J, K. Rowling in the book. This book overuses flashbacks embodied in the Pennsive. As others have written, it neglects Harry's relationships with his relatives. It virtually opens with Snape doing somehting which is for Snape completely inexplicable, and never motivates his actions. Another sad part of the book is the recycling of the mysterious book motif. Yet, neither Harry nor any of his friends nor the author appear to recall previous problems with mysterious books.<br/><br/>Someone else has already discussed the apparent change in "voice" on the part of the author and specualted that the book was actually written by someone other than J. K. Rowling. I do hope that J. K. Rowling is still actively involved with writing the books and that the series has not been hopelessly taken over by the movie company which bought rights to the series.<br/><br/>I did enjoy the reappearance of Luna, but am dissapointed that Neville did not figure more prominently in the book. This book does introduce one new moderately interesting character. However, this falls far short of most of the books in the series which generally introduce several new and interesting characters. Much of the usual business of Hogwarts was brushed aside for this book. This is unfortunate as it is a welcome lite motif for the series.
 I don't think it's possible for me to give a Harry Potter book less than 5 stars, even though this sixth book in the series is a great deal darker and more serious (and alas, a lot less fun) than the first five.  But that is the whole point of coming of age and facing one's demons, both within and without.<br/><br/>Much of the humor, clever asides, and fabric of the Hogwarts experience, while still there, are in shorter supply.  This was, I think, deliberate, because Rowling wants to show that Harry is growing up and has put aside childish things.  The adventures are also largely absent; there is no direct confrontation with Voldemort, who makes no appearance in this book at all, except in reference.  Harry skulks about spying on Draco Malfoy a lot, but until the end of the book, he never really gets very involved in life-or-death enterprises as he has in the past.  In lieu of these, we have romance; to those who would criticize this, I ask, what 16-year olds do you know who aren't extremely interested in the opposite sex, wizards-in-training or not?  I think Rowling handles this very well, though some readers may not appreciate it.<br/><br/>The exposition of who Tom Riddle is and how he became Voldemort is crucial to the series.  Throughout the Harry Potter books, the reader is shown parallels between Harry's life and Voldemort's; their backgrounds are in many ways quite similar -- both are from magical families with one magical and one Muggle parent and both are orphaned at an early age, left to indifferent orphanages or hostile relatives to raise.<br/><br/>What Rowling illustrates, and why this series is such a stellar one, is that everyone has choices, and these choices are what define us for good or for ill.  Harry and Tom Riddle both enter Hogwarts at the same age and with similar childhood experiences, yet they choose entirely different paths to follow; Harry is capable of great heroism and love, while Voldemort only uses or kills people and destroys them.  One part of the book I really enjoyed is when Dumbledore tells Harry that Voldemort named  Harry as his nemesis and by so doing, gave Harry the tools to defeat him.  Someone only has the power over you that you choose to give him/her, and this is a valuable lesson to learn in life.<br/><br/>Finally, a bit of speculation:  I do not believe Dumbledore is gone for good (though this may really be wishful thinking), and I do believe that Snape will redeem himself. There is a reason why Dumbledore froze Harry and prevented him from intervening, which leads me to suspect that Dumbledore's death was a setup between him and Snape.  More lives than Harry's are at stake, and I think Dumbledore is just as interested in turning those who would be tempted by Voldemort as he is in destroying Voldemort. Indeed, without his followers, Voldemort would be nothing.<br/><br/>So at last we have the answers to many questions, and what remains will be the final confrontation between Harry and Voldemort.  It's going to be very hard waiting to see how everything sorts itself out.  Stay tuned for book #7.
 As usual, J.K. Rowling's sixth installment is well written - and as usual, Jim Dale does another fine job of portraying the all the characterizations (as portrayed in the movies) within this book.  Sadness and darkness deepens - as is the experience of every juvenile entering adulthood.  It still remains a much better story than the Hollywood movie.<br/><br/>I recommend the entire series. Because they are expensive, piece the audio books in over time. Every so often, my wife and I start at book one and continue through book seven. If you enjoy wonderfully read fantasy, you will not be disappointed.
 I'm a fan of the Harry Potter series.  If you're not, then you might not like this one.  I advise you to start at the beginning of the series and work your way up, to get the full effect of the story.<br/><br/>This one has some particularly interesting twists in store for young Harry Potter, the only wizard known to have survived the Killing Curse and defied Lord Voldemort's wrath.  He helps Dumbledore recruit Horace Slughorn, a retired teacher, to return to his old job at Hogwarts (if you remember, the Defense Against the Dark Arts teachers always leave Hogwarts one way or another at the end of all the previous books so there is an opening at the school).  This particular teacher has a memory that could unlock the secret to defeating Voldemort... and Dumbledore needs Harry Potter to convince him to willingly share that memory, because the version he gave Dumbledore was a lie.  Meanwhile, Harry is taking potions class unexpectedly (from the previous book, his OWL test scores in potions were supposedly not good enough to get into the advanced potions class) and he borrows a copy of the potions book from the school's supplies.  This particular copy has notes on potions and spells scrawled in the margins that are much more useful than the standard text... and the book was apparently once the property of "The Half-blood Prince"... but is this character a friend to Potter and his cause, or is this a foe like Tom Riddle's diary?<br/><br/>If you read the whole series, you'll find that the writing style matures as the characters do.  Now, on the 6th book, Harry and his friends are facing some truly grown-up decisions and some absolutely monstrous foes.  But this book is more along the lines of a detective novel mixed with a psychological thriller than it is a magic-slinging battle against monsters.  Well, something like that, if you put it in the context of the Harry Potter universe anyway.  I liked this book, even though the ending is quite sad.  Also, if you've been following the movies but not the books, there is only one book after this one even though they split it in half for the movies.
 The sixth and penultimate book in the series, Harry finds himself joining together with Dumbledore to figure out a way to bring Voldemort down.  This book continues to be darker than the one before, with Harry learning more about how Tom Riddle turned into Lord Voldemort.<br/><br/>This book is wonderful, without sparing the reader from harsh truths and how life isn't always easy or fair.  Rowling writes Harry as a true human being, with faults and flaws as well as courage and bravery.  Relationships are even more fleshed out, with love relationships being brought out more than ever before.
 First, let me say that this was an entertaining book. The final 200 pages of this make for a great read with secrets revealed, action aplenty, and a great set-up for what will be the final book in the septology.  The first 450 pages were entertaining, and filled with lots of characterization and romance, but were sorely lacking in thrills and action.<br/><br/>NOTE:<br/>My 9-year old son devoured the first five books in the series earlier this year. He started to read this book and lost interest before finishing the first four chapters. "Dad, is there any fighting?" he asked. I also think the death of _______________ and the other characters' reactions to the situation would have gone right over his head.  When he picks up the book again in five years to reread it, I am hopeful he will more fully appreciate Rowling's excellent handling of the characters and situations.
 This is my favorite Harry Potter book! We learn so much about Voldemort's past. Also, Dumbledore and Harry finally really connect and their relationship becomes more familiar. I love this book!
 I finished this book last night at 2 am and now I am having Harry withdrawal.  What do I do with myself for the next year and a half, possibly two, until the next book comes out?  Read them over I guess...<br/><br/>Harry is back at Hogwarts after suffering a severe loss and his mind bent on revenge.  Hormones are raging, rebellion is rearing its ugly head but Harry is still the most popular sixteen year old in the wizarding world, as a new nickname "the Chosen One" is introduced.<br/><br/>The new year brings in yet another new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher that has something Harry and Dumbledore want in their efforts to destroy Voldemort.  On top of that, Harry has discovered an old Potions textbook owned by the mysterious Half-Blood Prince which promises to make Harry number one in the class much to Hermoine's jealous dismay.  It also brings him a new love which fills his teenage heart with insurmountable joy and a tragic loss which will cause his greatest grief yet.<br/><br/>JK Rowling has penned yet another fantastic book about Harry proving once again that there will always be new surprises in store and told in ways that never become repetitive or old hat.  Because of her talent we find it hard to grow tired of Harry, devotedly following him down his ever darkening path  and will sorely miss him once his story reaches its end.  She has made him very special to us over the years and will wait with bated breath for the final installment.  My only gripe is that I wish it had been longer.
 This is the first book I ever fell in love with and realized (as an adult) that reading could be fun.  I buy it as a gift every time I hear about a friend or kid that is struggling with reading.
 I just closed the book and I am still in awe about the ending!  It was enormously emotional.  JKR has outdone herself in this book.  She is back on track (she seemed to diverge in book 5).  The ending of the series is set up well with this book.  I can't image how she will finish the series but her genius will shine through!<br/><br/>I have enjoyed the HP series from the beginning but this is her finest moment.  The last part of the book built so quickly that when the climax came my heart was pounding slightly. Someone wrote that there was "too much kissing".  These are normal (although magical) teenagers! Rowling used just the right touch to express how teenager romance is.<br/><br/>BTW, this is my first review!
 I love the Harry Potter books. I made the mistake of getting the new book she wrote about the town,she should be ashamed of putting a vile filthy thing out to the public. with the talent in writing skill and ability there was no excuse for a horrible book like that. They should all be burned
 J. K. Rowling has done an amazing job of building a fascinating world of magic.  The Harry Potter books have become one of the most popular series of all times.  These books follow the life of Harry Potter, as he finds out he is a wizard and is accepted to Hogwarts, a school to teach him how to use magic.  His greatest struggle is having to deal with "He who must not be named" a wizard who killed Harry's parents, and tried to kill Harry.<br/><br/>"Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is the sixth book in this series.  Harry is now in his sixth year at Hogwarts.  Harry is learning more about magic.  As important, Dumbledore (the Headmaster of Hogwarts) works with Harry to learn more about the life of Lord Voldemort, the wizard who killed Harry's parents.<br/><br/>The war between Lord Voldemort, who is leading evil wizards, and the good wizards is escalating as more muggles (those without magic) and those in the magic community are being killed by Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters.  This is largely the backdrop to Harry's life at Hogwarts.  We follow his struggles with his classes, a late developing romance, and other events.<br/><br/>This is a fun book to read.  I read it in one seating, finishing it at 2:20 AM in the morning.  It is well written.  Unfortunately J. K. Rowling has scattered lots of clues, and it isn't clear just what they all mean.  I am sure she has done this purposely, so we have some ideas about the final book, but aren't sure just what will happen.<br/><br/>If you have enjoyed the previous Harry Potter books, then read this book.
 I read all the Harry Potter books in a row this summer, a task that greatly enriched my life, and I am far away from childhood. I don't really have the words to describe the brilliance of J.K. Rowling or to say how much I feel she has enriched the reading world. Words simply fail me.<br/><br/>As in each successive book, "Half Blood Prince" is very dark--as one would expect in a classic parable of good vs. evil. But Rowling is full of tricks, even for the reader who thinks she has prophesied everything. Wrong. Rowling is always one step ahead.<br/><br/>So we are left with many many questions (Spoiler Alert: Do not read the following unless you have read the book):<br/><br/>1. What's with Snape? Was he following Dumbledore's orders? Or is he really what Harry thinks he is?<br/><br/>2. Is Dumbledore really dead? And if so, will he still be able to interact with the living (eg, Harry)?<br/><br/>3. Why was Dolores Umbridge at the funeral? She of all people?<br/><br/>4. Will Harry truly desert Hogwarts? Is this a wise move?<br/><br/>5. Will Hogwarts in fact stay open?<br/><br/>6. When will Voldemort make his move, and is Harry really ready?<br/><br/>7. Will Draco survive to join the right side?<br/><br/>Just a few questions...and like everybody else, I don't think I can survive until the next--and last--book. But then the thought of it being the last is almost unbearable, so maybe it's wiser to wait!
 Love the entire Harry Potter series. I love having the downloads so I can read them anywhere and anytime.
 Best book in series so far excitement on every page masterpiece cannot wait to read next book in the series
 J.K. has fashioned yet another story that is throughly compelling and entertaining while managing to further the story arc and deepen our usderstanding of its many characters.  The regular Harry Potter formula is tinkered with quite a bit in this book and I suspect that's the reason some people have taken issue with the book.  Certainly there is a much tigheter focus on character than exploring the magical world this time out.  But rest assured that the story is chock full of whimsy, fantasy, excitement and mystery.<br/><br/>After reading the first two pages I was sure it was going to be my favorite book yet and the further along I got, the more confident I became of that assumption.  By the end and it's shocking revelations I knew it was so.  J.K. is an amazing talent and The Half-Blood Prince is her best work yet.
 Stylistically, _Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince_ is weak. Rowling repeats catch-phrases too many times ("snogging"), we have too much rather trite teenage interacton and we don't see enough of those sharp, perceptive details that make the earlier books worthwhile. Also, the lighter scenes aren't sufficiently inventive and we just don't see enough good use of the minor characters (both Luna and Neville are delightful in her earlier books; we have some good scenes with Luna here, but not enough depth; we see virtually no development of Neville's character;  he's there, but not put to good use). The plotting is also a bit weak in that we have too many loose ends and too much reliance on the pensieve to advance the plot.<br/><br/>On the other hand, I was genuinely pleased with the identity of the Half-Blood Prince. I firmly hope that Rowling won't tell us ex cathedra whose side the Half-Blood Prince is really on until the final book is released - my lingering uncertainty is what fuels my desire to read the seventh book. Like everyone - I know what Harry saw; now is there an explanation?<br/><br/>And I remain chuckling over the fact that, each and every year, it is Snape who has been Harry's most effective teacher.<br/><br/>Not quite up to Rowling's standards - noting again the general lack of polish in the book - but a good read and one that certainly carries the series forward.
 Typically I'm not patient enough to read a book from cover to cover, so my wife convinced me to listen to them on a recent trip.  We started with Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, just before the movie was released, and I was hooked.  I immediately went on-line and purchased this book, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.  I obviously wasn't disappointed.  For anyone who thought the last book moved a little too slow, this one moves very fast and has a great deal more action.  Jim Dale does a fantastic job telling the story again and conveying every thought and feeling the characters experience.  By the way, we also purchased Book 7 - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows...what an AMAZING finish...that's why I believe J.K. Rowling is truly brilliant!
 I loved this book. I loved the details of the story, especially how Rowling ties in everything from the previous books with this one. I loved seeing the teen's romantic struggles. I love that it's getting a Lord of the Rings feel to it...Harry has a quest and they are in an all out war.<br/><br/>However, I have two criticisms. One, this is not a children's book. There is some gore and violence in this that I don't think is appropriate for a young child. A major character dies as well. (Make every effort that you don't find out who dies and who kills this person or it will be truly spoiled.) I don't think this book should be marketed as a children's book because the content is more appropriate for a young adult.<br/><br/>My second criticism is that towards the end of the book Rowling refers to the tried and trusty "Superhero formula." The last chapters where Harry contemplates his mission will remind you of every superhero story you've ever heard.<br/><br/>The book has kind of a cliffhanger ending. I didn't really expect everything to be wrapped up neatly with the final battle being in the last book, but I did feel somewhat unsatisfied with the way the book ended. However, the ending practically guarentees that you will be wanting to read the last book the moment it comes out!!!
 I don't know if I want to say it's the best in the series, but it is so awesome. She keeps you guessing through the entire book and there is great adventure and excitement. Also heart breaking, but keeps you hooked. All of her series did that for me, but this is not as depressing as her last. By that I mean that Order of the Phoenix was a darker more depressing book throughout. This one holds a lot of excitement and adventure and with many questions awaiting the next in the series. I wasn't too keen on that, but it is a series. I don't look forward to the end of the series.
 I am surprised that people are complaining that it is not for young children anymore - you should have figured that out by book 4! Apart from the characters' love-lives, which was a little annoying,  "Half Blood Prince" ties up several loose ends, confirms our suspicions about many important characters, and of course, not surprisingly, kills off a major character.  There is a lot of death and injury, but that was to be expected - that's war.  This book is darker, so there is obviously less to laugh about.  All in all a thoroughly good ride and I'll be awaiting the climax.
 I ordered this book on CD from an Amazon dealer on May 28th and it arrived today, May 31, several days earlier than promised. This product is rated used - very good and I agree; the product box is slightly crinkled with a couple of small scrapes (my guess, someone was enthusiastically trying to open the box) but importantly, the CDs seem to be in excellent condition. I would definitely buy from this seller again and recommend that others do the same.
 While waiting for my book to arrive, there tends to be unfair discrimination against international customers, I read a lot of reviews and hunted for spoilers. I am always very grateful for sensible negative reviews, as they make me try to defend the work in question and have a closer look at those alleged flaws. What major criticisms did I find? Here's a short list of them: the plot is pretty uneventful, there's less humour in it than in previous ones, the headmaster's death and above all its circumstances are pretty cruel because he doesn't die in a noble and heroic way but as a result of his mistakes and blunders, the story should be rated and is definitely not for children any more.<br/><br/>Let me address these negative points and say what I found while reading the book.<br/><br/>1. The book was an interesting reading for me and I didn't find it difficult to get completely immersed in this world. Of course you have to take into consideration that I like reading and am interested in literature and where some see a dull story line I see the art of writing.<br/><br/>2. The story does definitely not lack humour. The general tone is slightly gloomier than in the first books, but it doesn't make it humourless.<br/><br/>3. For Dumbledore's death the observant reader was prepared in the previous volume, and this volume had its hints too. There were more and more signs that the old wise man is not as wise as he used to be or as his fame suggests and he is more and more alienated from the world in which he lives and his magical powers, and more so his creativity, are gradually fading and failing him. His death is also a symbol in the story: now Harry has to learn to fare without a father (or I should say grandfather/uncle) character. He has to grow up. At the same time Dumbledore's death shows us clearly what happens to the old in our world: most of them look increasingly silly and awkward, which is a cruel trick of nature but is also a warning: prepare for your death. Why should we expect it otherwise in this realistic fairy tale. Rowlinson's characters are not demigods or mythical heroes, they are fallible human beings. She is very talented with the psychology of her characters. The headmaster's death is very different from the godfather's death. Rowling never knew what to do with that character after the Prisoner of Azkaban story.<br/><br/>4. Most people would be surprised how much more children can perceive and are exposed to from the adult world than they think. Of course, if we look at the story from the viewpoint of today's insipid children's stories, the Half Blood story is menacingly serious, but it is exactly those stupid stories, which have nothing to say about a child's real problems, and makes the parent read them up merely dutifully and not with interest, which will successfully discourage any type of reading whereas the Harry Potter books are just the opposite, they speak to both generations and wake the appetite for more.<br/><br/>As a conclusion, I would like to touch upon an aspect that I found interesting. For me it's interesting how Rowling shows a declining world. The children know less than their parents used to know: the Marauder's Map is a good example here. It seems that Harry will never be able to fully understand how the magic works beyond an object that was created by his father and his friend at a younger age than he is now. If you look carefully, you will notice some further examples which show that the present generation is hopelessly behind their parents' generation. Harry is simply quick and lucky. Only perhaps Hermione is the only one whose achievments are more the result of her diligence and brain than of her talents and fortune.
 This book brings the Harry Potter characters into a new kind of maturity. The characters are all working in secrecy and doing heir best to spread truth even though it's hard. Harry seems quite sensible considering everything that's happened to him this far, but it's only going to get worse before it gets better. So much more fulfilling than the movie,but it gives the movie a newness for myself going back to watch it again.
 My son was so happy when I gave this to him. The book came in excellent condition, purchase went smoothly no complaints.
 Unless you have been spending all your time in a cave, you already know how amazing the Harry Potter books are, and this one is no exception. Beautifully written , I would recommend it to everyone.
 I read the book in about 10 hours and my take is I kept expecting something more from the book and each chapter I expected it to get going.  I loved the Goblet of Fire and I thought the last 1/3 of the Order of the Phoenix was excellent.  I compare this book to the last three or four of the Wheel of Time series where they have fallen flat.<br/><br/>I felt this book was dissappointing in that I had high expectations and it just didn't live up to its predecessors.  There was too much what I call filler in the middle and the penseive chapters though interesting could have been shortened.  I also got tired of the youthful romances of Ron, Ginny, Hermonie, and Harry.  There was alot about the Half Blood Prince and I figured out who it was about 1/2 way through by process of elimination.<br/><br/>As for darkness, I thought book 5 was much darker and scarier for my younger children than Book 6.  When I finished, I didn't have the same feelings I did with Books 4 and 5 where I needed to read them again and thought how I was going to read this with my 8 year old.  I could read book 6 to my 8 year old right now and he wouldn't be scared at all.  I had a ho-hum attitude, I wasn't dissappointed, but I was not enlightened nor excited.<br/><br/>My hope is that Book 7 is a good culmination of the series and JK Rowlings takes all the time needed to make it a magnificent climax.  I think Book 6 was written too quickly to market interest and prepare people for the 4th Movie coming in November.<br/><br/>If you have read the other 5, you need to read it, but I would have reasonable expectations.
 This Audio Book arrived just a short while after I ordered it, and was exactly as described in the ad.  While gently used, all the CD's were there and although I have only listened to about a third of them so far, they are in good order and play well with no skips.  I love this series by JK Rowling, and narrator Jim Dale does a fantastic job, delivering all the characters in well suited voices that really make them come alive -- I don't know how he keeps them all straight.  I definitely would buy from this seller again.
 So I have read all of the Harry potter books now except for the last one which I'm about to start. I gave this book five stars because it keeps your attention and is very exciting. I would definitely recommend this series to people who don't really like to read and are trying to find something that they can read without being bored. Harry potter is awesome.
 Reading this book gives you a whole new outtake on many characters. It beefs up many side character's roles, and has a strong element of surprise. Suspicion lingers throughout the book, at the end with a strong sense of grief. New characters are introduced, including potions. This novel will please many and it ends with the thirst to want more.
 This is a much darker, more mature book.  By the end, schoolyard pranks are playing a backseat and the gang learns what it means to put friendship and loyalty ahead of everything else.<br/><br/>Harry, Ron and Hermione are growing up before our eyes.<br/><br/>This book grabbed hold and did not let up.  It is more than just a kid's book (for anyone who has been living in a cave these last few years).  It deals with human emotions and the trials of growing up.  That's what makes it such a great story... it's more than magic, witchcraft and wizardry...
 Given to 10 years old great-niece for Christmas and she reports the book is great, as much as she liked all the other Potter books she has read.  There's a chance I may even read some of these Potter books as I understand adults can "get into them" also!
 The book is all that I expect from such a gifted writer!<br/>The movies have lost so much of the magic that it is sad,hoever, there is much more rich content in the book. So much so that you have a hard time putting it down to attend to mundane activities of daily living.
 Came in great condition, one of my favorites in the HP series!
 At the risk of sounding like a broken record I must admit that J.K. Rowling has done it again.  With "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince," not only has Rowling taken the tale of "the boy who lived" in an entirely new direction, she's managed to do it without sacrificing style or substance.  Harry, Ron, Hermione, and the rest of the youngsters at Hogwarts are now full-fledged teenagers.  With "Goblet of Fire" and "Order of the Phoenix," Rowling got the jitters of puberty out of the way for the most part.  Now, all of the major characters have settled into their respective attitudes and mannerisms quite comfortably.  They have also developed their magical skills as well.<br/><br/>**Potential Spoilers**<br/><br/>In this tale, Harry receives a very special text book from the new Potions teacher, Slughorn.  The book contains "liner notes" (for lack of a better term) that dramatically improve his performance in his Potions class.  Expecting him to be the new Defense Against The Dark Arts teacher, Harry helps Dumbledore coax Slughorn out of retirement.  Instead, a familiar, yet somehow still mysterious, face pops up in that position:  Severus Snape.  Yep, ol' Snape's dreams of being the D.A.D.A. teacher finally come true in this tale.<br/><br/>As the tale unfolds, Harry tries to figure out who the Half-Blood Prince is.  He also begins taking private lessons with Dumbledore in which we get to learn of the sinister childhood of Lord Voldemort.  Harry also must figure out why Draco Malfoy seems to be up to something, where Dumbledore wanders off to for weeks at a time, who should be on the house Quidditch team that he now captains, AND how to break some news to one of his friends about feelings he has for someone very close to them.  We also get to catch up with characters like Lupin, the Weasley clan (even Percy), Fleur, Tonks, the always reliable Hagrid and a slew of other old characters both loved and hated.  A few new characters are also thrown into the fray for good measure.<br/><br/>**End of Spoilers**<br/><br/>It's all done with typical J.K. Rowling flair, and she leaves plenty of gates wide open on the end of this novel that only make the reader hungry for more.  There's plenty of action and suspense as was found in "GoF" and OotP," but Rowling leans more toward the mysteriousness of who the Prince really is and what Dumbledore's up to.  The action is present, but takes more of a back seat until the climactic finale.  As I'm sure many are already aware, there are a couple of BIG surprises at the end of this book that may leave some shaking their heads and others saying that they knew it all along.  Either way, Rowling has set the stage marvelously for the conclusion to the story of "the boy who lived."<br/><br/>Highly recommended.
 This is so far in my opinion the best Harry Potter book, together with the number 3, after the rumbles that the fifth one was, it was really refreshing to see a Harry more focused and centered, the history goes with no annoying moments, and it was one of the quickest to read so far.<br/><br/>OK, more in detail then:<br/>The conflicts between the characters remain, which is great, the bad characters begin to give light that there is something else in them besides the urge to be opposite of being good, an common error in children's books these days, the duality good vs evil, in this book, you see persons with no choice having to do wrong, despite their wishes, a knowledge much harder to grasp for 11-years old, a book for the fans that kept growing.<br/>I haven't read the 7 yet, and am going to keep it at bay for some time, but must say that the ending is really forcing me to find out how the seventh one starts.<br/><br/>Bottom Line:<br/><br/>Great Book, between the 2 best of the Series, great history, great ending, prepare for something shocking, Harry much more mature, Just the title, that has some connection to the book, but to me felt more like the name of a Chapter of instead the name of the book, but go wonder. In the end it certainly made more sense, but still, not enough.<br/><br/>Enjoy a great read.
 Highly recommended especially to those who haven't finished this series yet for themselves.  It's difficult to say much without giving away spoilers, but you won't be disappointed.
 At this point, I've already seen both parts of the movie version of the last book, but in my quest to read all seven volumes of Harry Potter aloud to my daughter before she begins college--I think she was eight when we started--this intrepid reader and critic soldiers on.  I wouldn't miss that experience for the world.  To paraphrase "Casablanca," we'll always have Hogwarts.  (Even if, as is the case, she's read all the books herself many times over, and readily offers trenchant criticism of my oral interpretation.)<br/><br/>The sixth and penultimate volume of the series, HARRY POTTER AND THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE (HPTHBP), follows the trend set by the preceding volumes in being more serious and sombre than what's come before.  Although some of this is due to tragic plot outcomes, a large part of the darkening mood is occasioned by the psychological examination of the series' villain Voldemort.  This is accomplished through visits to the past by the Hogwarts Headmaster, Professor Dumbledore, and the hero, Harry Potter, through the use of the magical television of personal memories, the Pensieve, which was introduced in earlier books.  (Another way to look at it is as the holodeck on "Star Trek.")  In effect what you have, then, is an psychological biography of Voldemort's early years, and J.K. Rowling does a commendable job eliciting pathos and disgust in her readers towards Voldemort's earlier circumstances and acts of violence.  A related thread in this book is Harry's attempt to capture a particular memory from Slughorn, a returned professor whom Dumbledore knows is suppressing recollection of what he once taught Voldemort.  It takes more than a penny for his thoughts.<br/><br/>Most of the action and tragedy is reserved for the book's final pages.  By then, one has long been ready for the plot's amusement part ride, and J.K. Rowling does not disappoint.  The reader who has managed to avoid the books and movies until now will be the only one who will be surprised at the ending.  However that may be, the author paints the scene and its aftermath to move even the aware reader.  One aspect that doesn't seem to ring completely true, though, is the way the main characters, gathered in the infirmary after the book's climactic battle, get sidelined by a discussion about marriage.  Really?  Now?  After all that had just happened?<br/><br/>All in all, HPTHBP is to my mind the best written volume in this series thus far.  It may not be as much fun as HARRY POTTER AND THE GOBLET OF FIRE, with its varied contests, but in this story we get deeply into what makes Voldemort the villain (in a word, Freud) and why it will be so difficult to destroy him (horcruxes).  This sets us up for the final battle to come in volume seven.
 jUST BOUGHT THIS BOOK SO HAVE A COMPLETE SET OF HARD BOUND BOOKS.
 Part of series, ordered to use with Audible
 I have not read this book - or any of the series... before you all jump down my throat, hear me out. I have kids. I think that kids today spend way too much time watching YouTube and on video games and all other types of electronics. I am that parent that forces her kids to pick up books instead of playing on games. With that said...<br/>In my opinion a good book will make my child laugh, cry, get angry, and feel the emotions of the book. When reading a good book I can see these emotions on my child's face while reading. The Harry Potter series got all of those reactions and more. I don't need to tell anyone the story in the book - most people have already read the books. I am reviewing based on my child's reaction to the books. My child is a 10 year old, 5th grader. She has read A LOT of books. She is the only one of my 3 children that chose to read this series. She loved it. She now wants to watch all of the movies to see how they compare to the books. I would recommend this series and maybe one day I will read it myself.
 Great read slightly different from the original storyline and a more adult feel to the story.seller delivered product on time and and it was in prestige condition
 I am not going to write a standard review of this book. My reasons are two fold; If you haven't read books 1-5 then doing a standard review of this one would pretty much result in HUH?<br/><br/>If you have read 1-5 you already know where this one is going. Just don't know yet how it is going to get there ;).<br/><br/>And it DOES get there. To me J.K Rowling, like her characters, has grown up and the book reflects this.<br/><br/>On almost every page I was doing "AHA! So THAT'S why!" while at the same time she continued on with the storyline of the previous 5 novels.<br/><br/>What HAS surprised me is how surprised my friends are at the ending. (No I AM NOT going to give any spoilers here!)<br/><br/>The book almost from page one gave clues as to what was going on so that when you reached the last page you would do as I did and remember them and say to yourself, "They are wizards and I think NOT!"<br/><br/>Making the wait for book 7 almost unbearable as I want to know, how and in what form, as I already have a fair idea and want to know if I'm right!<br/><br/>If you haven't read this one yet, do. If you haven't read the series yet. Shame on you!
 My favorite book of the series. JK Rowling, in my opinion, has created a world that will entertain generations to come.
 The first rule of any battle: Know your enemy.<br/><br/>In this vein, the background on how Harry's arch nemesis, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, became who and what he is, will yield the means by which Harry may defeat him.  I've always found the backstory on characters to be fascinating.  While delving into the past may not advance the present story swiftly enough to suit some readers, it does provide tints of character and motivations that aid in a fuller understanding of the elusive question "why."<br/><br/>In all, this novel provides a vital piece to the Harry Potter mystery.  One thing I am grateful for is there is only a passing mention of Quidditch.  I thought the episodes of matches in past novels did tend to drag.
 Well, as I may have just received it, I love it, and it is going to take some getting used to, though.  I haven't but read any except for Chamber of Secrets and that was a long read and very graphic and fabulous, though as well as a "mirror of walls experience if you know what I mean, that was back near the year of 2000 or 01-ish.<br/><br/>I am going to enjoy being engrossed in the most masculine of them all the wars between "the so-called" enemies Harry and Valdemort, and to see all of the fanaticism displayed in the mind, as well as reality checks once in a while between glimpses of normal imagery mageek.  wink, wink:0)<br/><br/>Have a good time and thank you!!!<br/><br/>Mine is Double 17 year!!<br/><br/>Fantastic and sober:D
 Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great  awesome good fantasti. Incredible wonderful the best
 I've followed along with the publication of each of the books as an adult without the benefit of saying I was reading them for my children. I've read them all purely for my own enjoyment. Books one and four top the list as favorites. I felt book five was interesting, dark and slow; I was suspicous that perhaps J.K. Rowling had lost her touch. But this book rivals Goblet of Fire as the new favorite. It's thrilling and likely for it's most infamous plot twist, a tad confusing - intentionally so, I'm sure. I now am more than ever anxiously awaiting book seven so I can determine if what I read in this book is in fact what it seems. The plot thickening is understating the turn of events that occur in this installment. Potter fans will be horrified and thrilled once again.
 This book was filled with so much more action compared to all the others,  it kept me on the edge of my seat every time I picked it up to read. There is a little bit of death in there but what good book is not complete without a little gore and death.  Highly recommend.
 I am a total fan.  I love all of the Harry Potter books.  I've read them all and listened to them all.
 Book is fine and came as expected. Delivery was timely. Only grip is the item came with a slight tears in the cover. I value my possessions so it's a little heartbreaking. The book is for me but how embarrassing if it was a gift.
 As with the previous books in this haunting series, Rowling keeps the reader in a present tense that never has nor could exist. Yet one accepts it all as documented truth because her skill envelops the reader with a comfortable narrative. Far more intense and darker than the preceding books, the story line matures along with the central characters and becomes clearly defined as an adult work of fiction.
 I've seen the movie, now to read the book. Is one better than the other? We'll see.
 My kids and I have read all the books and listened to them either on tape, cd, and now audio books.  Jim Dale does an incredible job narrating.  His talent is unparalleled.  He keeps your interest going from the opening music all the way through.  Allow yourself to be drawn into the magic that is Harry Potter!
 This is probably my second favorite book in the series. The writing is phenomenal. The kids are growing up and taking on more responsibilities. Their is new love and love that will blossom eventually. Harry looses a wonderful friend and mentor, and learns the true colors of another.  Battles break out inside of hogwart.  Not everyone survives and I will leave it at that.
 While not as gregariously overflowing with spare information as its two predecessors (GOF, OOP) nor its sucessor (TDH), HP&amp;THBP is a winner mainly for the deliciously wicked look back through Dumbledore's Pensieve into the evolution of Tom Riddle from disturbed school boy to Hogwarts' head charmer to power-mad Lord Voldemort. When we see young Riddle alone in an orphanage, he is not so unlike young Harry Potter, although his cruel fate in life led him to use his unknown and uncontrolled abilities to spite and hurt others, while Harry, perhaps imbibed by his parents' strong upbringing and mother's power of love, only releases his powers in times of stress.<br/><br/>Seeing Riddle's first interaction with Dumbledore is power stuff, as is his fateful conversation with Prof. Slugthorn about the use of Horcruxes. But most intriguing (and most disappointing to not see in the film version of this novel) is Riddle's return to the castle he long called home, and Dumbledore's skillful handling of the situation. Their verbal sparring - likely the last time one saw the other before their fateful battle at the Ministry of Magic near the conclusion of OOP, is every bit as tense without a single spell being cast.
 Fast delivery, great product!
 Rowling's Harry Potter series have become classics. No matter where the inspiration came from to create the series, it is well worthwhile to add the entire collection to one's library. She often 'bends' the rules of writing and gets away with it skillfully. I find it interesting that her books are in the 'Children's' section of our library as opposed to 'Young adults', or 'Fiction'. Maybe that's a message for the child in all of us.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is the perfect warm up for the finale of the Harry Potter series. The lines between good and evil become even more clouded and blurry and the Muggle world becomes increasingly threatened by an increasingly brazen Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters.<br/><br/>Rather than being deterred the prophecy seems to have strengthened Voldemort in his quest to destroy Harry Potter. Harry gets his hands of the mysterious book by the Half-Blood Prince and becomes something of a potions master.<br/><br/>Meanwhile, Dumbledore begins mysterious meetings with Harry in an effort to better equip Harry for the final battle. There isn't a line between good and evil and you never know who to trust. This is borne out in the final scenes as an iconic figure of Hogwarts falls.<br/><br/>Harry Potter has always just seized the reader and never let go until the very last page and leaves the reader clamoring for more. It's as though this spirit slips into your soul and takes control for hours at a time. The mark of a great book is whether you can lose yourself in the main characters or the storyline and drift away from reality.<br/><br/>Somehow, Rowling makes the reader believe that Harry Potter and this mysterious world of Hogwarts exists somewhere deep inside them and that's why I believe that the entire Harry Potter franchise has succeeded. I dove into the 7th book with both feet.
 Fabulous from the first page onward!  Rowling has a gift in being able to create and portray an extraordinary alternative society of magic, which is compelling to read and is written in a manner which is appealing to adults as well as children. She includes and understands the angsts of being a teenager, conveying situations which transcend whether you're at Hogwarts or a Muggle school, and does so in a way that does not interfere with the larger issues at hand. Her use of humor ranges from subtle to satiric, and her characters' use of persuasive conversation is a joy to read.  This book builds on the preceding ones, and it is highly recommended they be read first to appreciate and follow the current situations, motives, and references.
 One of the best in the series, HBP is rife with action, suspense and mystery. As the series is excellent, I'll say that this version of the book is high-quality, the dust cover matches the original set and overall just hums on your bookcase next to the other 6 books.
 If you are in the process of collecting the Hard Cover Harry Potter series, buyer be ware. There are new versions of this book coming out that are totally different from the originals. This is the second book of the series that I have returned because it is a newer version. The original versions of the Hard Cover books are larger and have the beautiful book jackets. The new versions are smaller and shorter without the book jackets, but instead have a gloss hard cover. However, unless you pay closer attention to the specific book dimensions, there is no way to tell which book you are receiving.<br/><br/>I have been in the process of collecting these books for my mother, sometimes direct mailing them straight to her home. She and I have been very disappointed when waiting for a book to come back into stock so it may be shipped out, then opening an Amazon package to find that is does not match the rest of the series. Who wants a strange shaped book in a collection that does not match?<br/><br/>Amazon should be forced to denote this very clearly as a "new version". Now we must seek out replacements elsewhere each time this has happened.
 I warn you if you are attached to Dumbledore in anyway there might be tears. It was an excellent book. So many important things are learned in this book. J.K Rowling is a wonderful author who has created a great world that I love spending time in!
 It was a re-read of the whole series.  Just as delightful and engaging as the first time almost 20 years ago.
 I spent most of my weekend reading this book and I'd have to say I couldn't put it down. Overall, I liked how JK Rowling kept the story flowing, although it was somewhat slow in certain parts. Nonetheless, the pace picks up towards the latter chapters and after reading the last page, I'm already excited about Book 7. JK Rowling definitely has the knack for writing adventure-type stories. However, I didn't quite like her writing style when it came to the romance parts of the book. I found them to be quite trite, a little cheesy, and a bit haphazardly-written - a romance novelist she is definitely not.
 Harry is for every generation. The series is very original, heartfelt, and magical.  The first time we read it, we had to wait for each book to be released over time.  Kids are lucky now to be able to get the next book right away or already have it on hand.
 Who doesn't love Harry Potter! Awesome book. I misplaced my copy and purchased this as a replacement.
 This sixth Hogwarts Yearbook, as they could easily be termed, was brilliant. As Harry, Ron, and Hermione have grown and matured, so has the story - which is what is supposed to happen. I'm thrilled wi' the story thus far, and am anxious for the next installment (might she hurry?!) I never suspected the end, but I was vindicated when my hunch as to the identity of the Half-Blood Prince was validated. Still think he's a bit hinky, but... it makes for invigorating speculation. Harry is admirable, Ron precious, and Hermione a model. Personally, I see no reason for the Vatican to issue a public condemnation of J.K. Rowling's masterpiece. Reminds me of The Inquisition, and didn't they issue an apology for that travesty?! At least Harry is motivating children to read and NOT waste away in front of computers or video games, or roam the streets in gangs. There are marvelous moral lessons, and the good should be applauded. No one can deny or decry the mass appeal, and Ms. Rowling certainly deserves the success. What an inspiration!<br/><br/>Hats off to Harry!
 Purchased this so my kids would have a complete matching set. Great book series for kids &amp; adults!
 I have reread these every year since they came out, even though I only bought the ebooks recently.
 Jk Rowlings is a writer - It's going to be interesting to see what she does after Harry Potter because she's so good at writing about Harry and in Book 6, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince she does her best since the Prisioner of Azakaban.  I do have one regret - I just wish Harry wouldn't lose everyone he cares about.  I am looking forward to Book 5 with some regret...It will be over.  Thanks to Ms. Rowling I and my 12 year old daughter have loved this journey.  Take your time with the last one - we'll be waiting...
 This was given as a gift. My grandchildren love it.
 Several years ago, my daughter read the first Harry Potter book.  I'm very lucky, my daughter likes to read, but I noticed that this one grabbed her interest from the start.  When she was done, she asked me to read it, and rather than disappoint her, I did, and I have been a fan ever since.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is an excellent continuation in the series.  Harry, Ron and Hermione are now 16 years old and have all the joys, problems and worries that teenagers have.  They've passed their O.W.L.S. and must now start thinking seriously about what they would like to do after finishing Hogwarts.  They have secret crushes that they have to learn to deal with.  J.K. Rowling has always done a great job in aging the characters through the series, and this book is no exception.<br/><br/>This story has a lot to do with Harry finding out more about how Lord Voldemort became the evil person that he is.  He spends a great deal of time with Dumbledore travelling through the pensieve to see memories.  During these travels, Harry sees some similiarities between himself and Voldemort.<br/><br/>Lord Voldemort's Death Eaters are creating havoc and danger both in the wizarding world and the Muggle world.  Fudge has lost his job and the new Minister of Magic, Scrimgeour, is trying to get a handle on things, but of course, goes about it the wrong way.  Since Harry is the "Chosen One," he asks him to make himself seen coming in and out of the Ministry so people will have hope that things will get better.  Because of everything that happened in the Ministry in previous books, Harry refuses, stating that he's supporting Dumbledore all the way.<br/><br/>The Half-Blood Prince is not an actual "character" in the book, but rather someone that Harry meets through his Potions book.  He borrows an old Potions book from his teacher and finds handwritten notes throughout the book that help him do very well in class.  This causes some problems between Harry and Hermione who feels he's cheating, but Harry won't give up the book.  It was quite a surprise to me to find out who the Half-Blood Prince actually was.<br/><br/>Sadly, there is a death in this book.  I knew there was before starting it, but who it turned out to be caught me by surprise.  I will not ruin it for those who have not read the book, but I thought it would be one of the Weasley's or a teacher.  I'm hoping that when the story concludes, Rowling will show that this was all part of the plan to defeat Voldemort and this person will still be alive.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this book to everyone.  I would have given it more than 5 stars if I could.  If you haven't started the series yet, do so now.  Let's just hope it won't take 3 years to see the next one!
 WAS A GIFT. RECIPIENT WAS PLEASED
 Great book wonderful read
 5 stars to the book, but 1 star to the "library binding." The book itself, which should have been better quality than a hard cover, was a poor quality paperback covered in a hard cover. Not the size of the original hard cover Harry Potter books, but much smaller. Will be returning it. Very disappointed, feel as if the quality was misrepresented by labeling it "library binding."
 I read the entire Harry Potter series about 5 years ago. Therefore I can't recall the exact plot of this book. However I enjoyed every Harry Potter book thoroughly and I can remember some parts of this one. Its very good. Harry is older at this point and is more responsible and more coming into the role of savior that is relied upon.
 Birthday gift for grandson
 Obviously great
 Jim Dale is an audio master. Completely new way of interpreting these books!
 On time and as described
 In this book, one of the best books in the Harry Potter series, J.K. Rowling begins to tie together events in the previous books, as well as building the groundwork for the final book in the series. She's a master storyteller and readers will marvel at how seemingly innocuous scenes and characters in the earlier books prove to be meaningful after all.<br/><br/>One of the best things about this series is how the characters mature through the course of the books. Harry has thankfully matured since Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix and is far less angry and far more thoughtful. Romance is in the air now that Harry, Ron, and Hermione are older, but romance isn't just for the young as we get glimpses of the enduring love between Arthur and Molly Weasley, the engagement of Fleur and bill, and another romance between the adults that put a smile on my face. But there are different types of love, and this book, even more than the others, shows how important the friendship and love between Harry and his friends (and teachers) is, and will, I suspect, play an even bigger part in the last book.<br/><br/>In between romantic interludes, there is, of course, school lessons, but outside of Potions lessons and Harry's private lessons with Dumbledore, the book doesn't focus much on them. Even Hermione seems a bit more relaxed about schoolwork. Quidditch too, while still important to Ron and Harry, seems to be less consuming to them as it once was.<br/><br/>I'm puzzled as to why critics continue to refer to these as children's books as the series ceased to be just for children several books ago. Younger, children, in fact, may have a hard time dealing with certain events in this book.<br/><br/>This continues to be an outstanding series. Rowling answers many questions in this book, yet creates even more questions that leave the reader hungry for the next book. I can't wait!
 My son is 7 and is an avid reader; he loves the Harry Potter books; we read with him since a lot of the vocabulary is difficult for his age, and once he's done with the book, we watch the movie together as a family.
 I gave this to my son as a gift, and he loved it.
 Love audio books
 Nothing ya hi b.  But but I liked this book read it. It's is great great great great great g
 Because my family loves Harry Potter.
 Kid likes. Good quality
 Loved it
 I was very impressed with the continuous fantastic quality that Ms. Rowling puts in her books. This feels like the climax of the series, can't wait to get the new book.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, book six in the world famous Harry Potter series, is much better than its predecessor, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Whereas book five seemed bloated and unnecessarily angst-ridden, Half-Blood was spared the verbosity and, so, flowed more quickly.<br/><br/>I read the entire book in two days, just finishing it an hour ago.<br/><br/>I liked the plot twists. I liked the set-up in the beginning with the chapter on Snape. From that I wondered, "Is Snape really a double agent?" and "Is this chapter foreshadowing something important later in the book?" and "Which side is Snape really on?"<br/><br/>Although the end seemingly provides answers to my questions, it still leaves the question unanswered -- at least in my mind -- "Which side is Snape really on?" I won't give away specific plot points, in case there are some still reading the book or deciding to. I have a hunch that the story of Snape isn't fully revealed and that another plot twist may be in the offing for book seven.<br/><br/>As reported, a major character dies. I wasn't entirely surprised by which one, but it still wasn't fun to read.<br/><br/>Also as reported, romances flourish between the main characters and others. That was a nice touch on author J.K. Rowling's part, although I wish she had developed the relationships more. (In the end, one of the characters tells his new love interest that he can't see her any more. It was a line of reasoning taken straight out of a Spider Man movie and rang a little hollow.)<br/><br/>The ending and the set-up for book seven (which purports to be the last one) only raises more questions. In fact, what Harry has to do in the last book is so involved, difficult and complicated that although I think it will make for a fascinating read, I don't for the life of me see how even 1,000 pages would be enough to adequately tell the tale. Unless something happens in Ms. Rowling's mind between now and the publication of book seven, I don't see how one book will be enough to wrap up the Harry Potter saga.<br/><br/>Half-Blood Prince is a page-turner. It moves swiftly and deftly. Yet, I felt a strange distance from the characters. It felt less "magical" than previous books. I felt as though I was reading it from afar, or watching the story unravel dispassionately. I don't know why. Maybe I'm years older than I was when I first read the books. Maybe the book was too swift-moving and didn't afford enough depth of character development. I don't know.<br/><br/>One niggling detail that bugged me a few times is Ms. Rowling's use of acronyms such as O.W.L. and N.E.W.T. and whatnot. (I know there was one or two more, but I can't remember them off the top of my head.) Also, situations from the previous book were alluded to but not explained. It has been nearly two years since I read Phoenix, so my memory is fuzzy on what happened previously. Plus, I can't recall what O.W.L. and N.E.W.T. stand for. What I would have liked to have seen Ms. Rowling do is on first reference spell out the acronyms and then in all subsequent references, use the acronym.<br/><br/>In other words, someone just picking up book six would be completely lost. Very little background and explanation for what's going on is offered. It's assumed by the author that everyone knows and remembers all the details of the series. I, unfortunately, did not.<br/><br/>The bottom line? For all its niggling flaws, book six is one of the best books of the series. I think it could have been longer, but it was as long as it needed to be to move the plot forward.<br/><br/>Again, given the ending of this book, I don't see how a single subsequent book is possible shy of 1,000 pages. Too much has to happen to bring this story to a close!
 AWESOME!!!<br/>I love reading.  I love reading about Harry Potter and his friends and their adventures.  Unfortunately, I can't always take a hardback book with me.  I have read this story in the hardcover copy but had to leave it at home when I traveled.  With the paperback copy I gladly take it with me and I don't have to wait so long to continue reading. So, when Harry and his pals are in  a jam I can take the book with me and not have to wait to discover if anyone dies.
 Awesome book
 I'm a married 45 year old mother of a daughter and want to tell those who think these books are for tweens and teens only, are wrong! I recommend the Baby Boomer generation read these with  books with your kids. It's been a bonding experience for my daughter, husband and myself!<br/><br/>  I really don't want to reveal too much so I won't give any details except to say many things will become more clear and some will shock you.  For me, this was the most emotional book J.K. has written and I had tears rolling down my cheeks! J.K Rowling's imagination and ability to make the reader feel for her characters boggles my mind!  When the series ends, I will truly be sad..
 I really enjoyed this one. Exciting ending and I am ready to read the next book.  I'm enjoying the characters more as they grow up.
 i just bought this so my collection would be complete. i haven't read the series yet, but i plan to. so i am glad i have this book.
 I love the Harry Potter books!  They are a nice escape from everyday life.  I mean this takes place in the wizarding world with magic, where memos fly from one floor to the other, and people get around using floo powder!!  Take it for what is meant to be.  I spent a couple of weeks reading HBP because I savored every word and even re-read chapters because I wanted it to last and last.  It was funny, exciting, and Ginny is my favorite character in this book.  She has really evolved into a bright, confident young lady and so funny and to the point!<br/><br/>Just my two cents, I don't believe that the death at the end of the book is really a death.  We'll have to see in the next book.
 Love HP.
 I really like this book but I would not recommend this for ages under 8. I know, I'm just a kid and an ordinary Harry Potter fan, but when you're done i suggest buying The Unofficial Harry Potter Spellbook and The Unofficial Harry Potter cookbook so you can be your own wizard! For people who like Dumbledore the best, do NOT read this book. Oops, i spoiled the book a bit, do I'll let you read it on your own and enjoy it!😀😀😀
 This was a gift. She said it had a lot of fantastic surprises.
 I'm late getting into Harry Potter, and I had already seen all of the movies before starting the books. This is my favorite so far because it answers so many questions I've had! Love this book!
 'Nuff said!  I've always loved the books.  I love listening on long drives and alone time.  I've loved Jim Dale for years--starting from Dr. Terminus in Pete's Dragon.
 One of my favorites in the Harry Potter series, but I bought this version for the beautiful artwork.  I've added it to my Harry Potter room with the book turned out so that the cover is visible.
 I have to admit, up until this book I wondered when Harry would become the wizard that I thought he could be. Up until this book I felt like he was just an average wizard, about the same as Ron. This book changed that! Although it took me about as long as Harry to recover from what happened in the previous book,, I can't wait to see what Harry dies in The Deathly Hollows
 OUTSTANDING!  I have to say, I was a little disappointed with the fifth book, but this one made up for it...and then some.  I couldn't put it down and read it from start to finish in one sitting!  It moved so quickly.  I was finished before I knew it!<br/><br/>Only one thing seemed out of place.  All the making out!  I had to remind myself that they are sixteen and seventeen now.  But it still seemed a little unnecessary.<br/><br/>Can't wait for the next one!
 Third read, this on was on the Kindle.
 This book (and the rest of the series) was exactly what I was expecting. The illustrations on the cover of this black &amp; white edition of the Harry Potter series is beautiful!
 Always love this series. This  book was never one of my favorites, but the more I re-read the series, the more I realize how much I truly love this book as a pivotal change for all the characters. Everyone  grows in this book more than any of the previous.
 My family loves all of the Harry Potter books and have read them on numerous occasions.  This one was a gift for my niece, she wanted to complete her set.  These make wonderful gifts to spark a love of reading in young people!
 In this book J.K. Rowling has returned to her old form. Unlike The Order of the Phoenix, The Half-Blood Prince moves along at a good pace. It finally tells the reader how Voldemort went an orphan to the greatest force for evil the world of Harry Potter has ever seen. It nicely the course that Harry must take to finally defeat his arch-enemy. It also leaves some questions that make the reader look forward to the final installment. J.K. Rowling at her best.
 Amazing book. I finally read them and it provided more insight to the Wizarding world. It also answered all my questions when watching the movies.
 Ms. Rowling worked many months before she wrote the first word of this latest installment of Harry Potter's adventures, and it shows.  So many elements of previous books were brought in, clarified, and resolved that I had to go back and reread them!  Our household has three copies, and nobody answered the phone or turned on a television or computer that weekend the book came out.  I only hope we don't have to wait two more years for the final installment.
 Great books
 I love this series, but, in recent years, I’ve mostly seen the movies cycling on HBO or whatever. Re-reading the books makes me appreciate how exquisite these books are. I might need to move on to more “serious” fiction after this, but I won’t be embarrassed about rereading this series.
 Love the whole series!!
 ...this book will drive the point home. The Harry Potter series is not merely children's fiction... no more than Lord of the Rings is merely a fantasy tale. This is full fledged literature. Stephen King's blurb on the book said as much, and I've been thinking that since I finished book 4.<br/><br/>I am a recent Potter devotee, I read the series about six months before this book came out. I watched all the hype unfold around book five and thought "for a kid's book?" And with that rather close-minded outlook I went about my business... until I found a first edition of "The Philosopher's Stone" that somehow found it's way into my Mom's house in Tennessee. That book, I thought was a delightful (I choose my words carefully) romp... every bit worthy young reader's fiction. I picked up the second book in paperback and had similar thoughts, but found that the character development increased very much.<br/><br/>Already long story short, and already over-long point at it's crux... these books and characters age with the readers who grow up with them. And for those of us who went through these ages already, we glean even more understanding. Rowling has matured the books with the age of their characters. And she has done it brilliantly. These books are geared toward young readers AT THE START, but that is because she knows that young people grow up, and as they do they crave more and more creative plots, and more creative and intriguing characters. The books increase in complexity, density (in a good way), sheer brilliance as they  go on. Each book is essentially five times better than the last. As amazing as a claim that is... it's true. Find out if you havn't by now!<br/><br/>With the Half-Blood Prince I wasn't expecting much more than the first half of the finish of this (hopefully not the only in this world's) series. I got that and much more. (as I mentioned I will give NO MAJOR spoilers, indeed they may not come as spoilers at all) Character development within this rich world is at it's finest here since it has been in Goblet of Fire (my favorite). We get not only MUCH greater insight into Dumbledore... but into how Lord Voldemort came to be. We get into Voldemort's mind, and we find out how and why we ticks. We see some very clevar development for (What I guessed since book 2) what the main character's love interests would be. Though many see it coming, it's because we've watched the relationships unfold. That part isn't meant to shock us.<br/><br/>Truly this is Harry Potter's last youthful romp I'm afraid... he does a lot of maturing in this book, and rightfully so, he faces more dangers and challenges than ever... and not even in the most obvious forms. Along the way a character we are meant to mistrust from the beginning, but somehow trust all along shows his true color... at least we think so. And one we've hated since the beginning shows his... and it's shocking as well. Rowling at this point, like all genius authors, uses what you know about her and her books against you. She layers the usual form of her book with extra layers that you have to read VERY deeply to understand. The narrative can literally, somehow impossibly, let you know what is REALLY going on without ever putting it on the page. You can FEEL what is going on before being told, sometimes you are proven right, sometimes wrong... and sometimes even more right that you first imagined.<br/><br/>To all of those complaining that Rowling is drawing the series out, I say that she's planned on seven books from the start, and you've known that all along... if you were expecting book six to be the end, and seven to be the prologue, you've not been paying attention to her style. After seeing what the author pulled off in each concurrent book, upping the ante, the class, and sheer brilliance in each and every narrative and story... I'm fully confident in saying that I KNOW that book seven will do just as each other book before it has done... it will only get better. I'm ready NOW to pre-order book seven by God... and I'm quite sure that Rowling wouldn't even have begun it yet! (The only other authors who can claim that of me are Neil Gaiman and Dan Simmons)<br/><br/>The only bad thing about this book is finishing it and realizing that there is only one more book to go... I do not want this story to end, but I cannot wait to see how it will finally wrap up. Especially after this thrilling volume. It becomes more painful with each reading of each book to know that it just has to end.<br/><br/>to J.K. Rowling... welcome to the list of legendary authors... you are truly one of the greats now, and the books that you've written will live on as long as there are people to read them. Here's hoping you don't stop with book seven. And here's to you, one of the greatest authors of my time. It is my honor to read your works.<br/><br/>And as for the review summary... Well I'll just say that the prose is fluid, and the story runs and winds like a swiss watch. It would be a shame for ANYONE to miss out on this book. Do yourself a favor if you've not yet fallen into the Harry Potter series... buy them all. I'll be passing them along my family. True literature is so hard to come by, but Rowling makes it seem like it comes effortlessly.<br/><br/>Five out of Five stars... and if there was a higher rating, I'd give it that.
 JKR's world has always been astoundingly full and rich.  Reading the first five books in the series, you can not only imagine the world in which Harry resides but you can imagine his friends.  That's the magic that is missing is from this sixth book.<br/><br/>To be sure, the book is still quite good.  The characters that we've come to know and love are still there, still fraught and troubled but as hopeful as ever.  However, it seemed that JKR has given one too many interviews and thinks that her readers must know as much about her characters as JKR.  Unfortunately, since she is the writer, that's not true, and it shows in the writing.  Some of the stories, namely the romances, were underdeveloped and lacked the emotional depth that readers are used to getting from Rowling.  The characters that have shown so much emotional maturity in the past have reverted to age, which can be explained aways as hormones but is still disconcerting to read about since Rowling does not give us as much build up to their actions and reactions as she does in the previous books.  Even our hero, in whose head we have resided for five books, make suddenly decisions that leaves a reader baffled.  Rowling has so depended on the reader to accept that hormones will influence her characters' decisions and actions that she forgets that even a teenager is able to react logically in the face of troubled situations, such as the trio's ordeal with the potions book.<br/><br/>In short, I enjoyed this sixth book immensely, having read it twice in the two days after receiving it.  However, after the second reading, I have to say that this book was definitely not the best of the sixth, mostly because it had so much potential depth and failed to capture it in the same manner that we've come to expect of Rowling.  JKR has set the standard for the Potter series quite high, but she fell just short of reaching that standard for this sixth book.
 I loved this book the first time I read it, but the Kindle edition has problems with the graphics at the beginning of each chapter. Words are either repeated or omitted at the top of the next page. Hope they get this straightened out!
 Item as advertised, good product.
 Perfect condition.
 daughter already read series and wanted here own keep-sake book!
 Book came perfect and on time.
 great books
 Obviously HP is amazing
 Simply put, the Deluxe Edition of Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is worth every penny for the avid collector.  If you want to enjoy a good read, I'd recommend the ten dollar paperback.  But if you want a piece of the Harry Potter Universe that is a cut above, the Deluxe Edition is the ONLY way to go.  I have two of them; one to read, admire and such and the other to keep sealed as a gift for my kids for one day.  (This goes for the Order of the Phoenix Deluxe Edition as well.)  I highly recommend it.<br/><br/>And of course, while the story remains exactly the same, fantastic new illustrations as well as tried and true ones in any copy by Mary Grandpre' await in this fresh version.
 A very good book in the series, with many mysteries. You will meet many new characters like Bob Ogden, Merope,and a mysterious half blooded prince. I hope you enjoy.
 Great book!
 I chose five stars because this book kept me on edge the entire way through. With twists and turns all the way, J.K. Rowling's 6th book has kept me thirsting for more.
 Fun book!
 You know, Rowling gets a lot of flack for not writing great literature, but then when did a great book have to be great literature?  Sure, her plotting can get a bit ham-handed, but that doesn't destract from the overall joy of reading this great book.  Moreover, Rowling continues to become a better writer with each successive novel, and that's on display in Half-Blood Prince.  Granted, you knew who was going to die in the end -- the writing was written boldy on the wall, so to speak -- but getting there is quite a ride.  The danger is ratcheted up like never before, someone turns out to be a traitor, and even though any reader would had to have suspected it, once it happens you're just taken aback.  One of the great things about these novels has always been how Rowling writes the main characters.  She never forgets, even when danger surrounds them, that these young man and women are still kids.  Rowling allows them to make the usual teenage mistakes and mature because of it.  And yes, as the author warned us, a main character dies, and if any reader isn't emotional at that death there has to be something wrong with him or her.  I eagerly await the final novel in this series.  Lord Voldemort has some major payback coming to him.
 A lot of fun. Many adventures.
 Awesome book.
 Great book
 All of the Harry Potter books were great!  They got into my imagination and I loved reading them.  I started them when my first baby was very little. So I didn't quite fit into the demographics but who cares!  Reading is good for everyone.
 CD scratched which is sad because I was really enjoying listening to the  story &amp; it was starting to get really good. But still good &amp; it's not the sellers fault :)
 Great book in a great series.  I have reread this numerous times.  I have come to love it more with every reading.
 J. K. writes beautifully the 6th chapter of this series. It made me laugh and cry out loud.
 While the Harry Potter books are still worth reading, the author appears to be getting desparate -- or is being paid by the word.  The more confusing the plot, the better the book, her publisher seems to be saying.  Thank Heaven this is the next-to-last volume (or so everyone assumes).  Perhaps the better approach is to start with volume 1 and work one's way forward to try to get the story line and characters back into sync.
 Longer, darker and certainly more brutal than the earlier books, the story continues. It is unfortunate that the children seem to retain their childish natures in spite of their advancing age.
 JK Rowling has clearly grown as a writer.  Comparing "The Half-Blood Prince" to her earlier books shows Rowling's enhanced skills at setting scenes and shaping the mood.  Unfortunately, this book does little to advance the overall store arc beyond where it was left at the end of book 5.<br/><br/>I can best compare "The Half Blood Prince" to a highlight episode of "Survivor".  You tune in expecting another new episode that advances the plot, and instead you get a "clip-show" that does nothing of the sort.  While it may effectively recap how we arrived at this point -- and fill in the backstory with additional details -- at the end we are left no further along that where we started.<br/><br/>It appears that Rowling wrote too much in book 5 (hence its length).  As a result, she had already reached the point where book 7 should naturally begin and bring us to conclusion.  So, she instead engaged in a well written, but meaningless, "summary" book -- a Harry Potter 'cliff notes' of books 1-5 -- that will delight those who wished to know more details about the Past in the Harry Potter universe, but that does little to satisfy those who were looking forward to advancements in the Present and movement towards the Future.<br/><br/>The "big event" at the end came across as a bit desperate; as though she felt she had to provide SOMETHING new in this book, if only to keep the masses off her back for the next two years as they wait for the finale.<br/><br/>In the end, I found "The Half-Blood Prince" to be repetative and underwhelming.  Rowling clearly has a firm understanding of the world she created, but found herself without enough of a story to exend over the full promised seven books, and so took a shortcut with this one.<br/><br/>Oh well, maybe another two years won't seem that long ...
 Bought this Harry potter series for my son, he said the books are so much better than the movies.  I finally understood what I was trying to tell him for years.  If you want the whole story read the book.  Thank you J.K. Rowling
 Great book.  It is wonderful seeing the characters coming of age!  Many more adventures and surprises!
 Great read
 This series can easily be read time and time again.  Our family has read this series multiple times and have enjoyed it each time. Half Blood Prince ended with devastation, but left me wanting to read more.
 yep
 Happy 20 years J.K. Rowling.  WOW
 The book flowed in typical Rowling style.  A slower beginning with a very intense ending.  I read the chapter headings before I started the book and knew what would happen. "The Phoenix Lament" tells it all, or does it? Was the betrayer a true one?  Is it possible that death can be a release and a way to cement a cover?  Only book 7 can answer these and many more questions.<br/><br/>The romances were so typical of the age of the characters.  Yes they were absurd, but so are they always at that age.  I loved the different slant each gender took.  It was so typical it made me laugh.  Harry's breakup with Ginny reminded me of the soldiers going off to Vietnam; soldiers going off to war who break up with their girlfriends, but who secretly hope that they will be true.<br/><br/>I was very pleased that the teenaged angst that had been such a large part of OoTP, was missing. It was a bit abrupt (one book to the next) but I was very please to see it go.<br/><br/>Great age and wisdom don't always make you right.  Youth and idealism, don't always make you right either.  This book delves into this and the tragic consequences which can flow when you're wrong.<br/><br/>This book made me laugh and cry; remember and ponder the future.  Great pieces of literature do that.
 Jim Dale does it again with a wonderful reading of the 6th Harry Potter installment.  Love to have these on audio to listen to in the car.
 I am not a die hard Harry Potter fan, like my sister, but I really enjoyed reading this book.  It was hard to put it down. I found myself wondering was was going to happen next and before you know it I was picking up the book again to keep reading.  I read every spare moment I had and they are very few with having 3 children and all our pets.  I recommend reading this and all the Harry Potter books before you see the movie.
 Why are you reading a Harry Potter review?
 This was by far the most powerful of the Harry Potter books so far. Each one gets more and more intense. I wasn't sure my heart could handle this one. Very well done.
 The latest installment in the Harry Potter series did not disappoint; I was riveted throughout!  The characters and their interactions are well-developed by the author and I am continually impressed by the ongoing quality of the work as the story continues.  The interactions between Dumbledore and Harry which have been some of my favorite scenes in previous installments are unusually abundant in book six, adding to my enjoyment.  The audio version again features the delightful character voices preformed expertly by Jim Dale.  I highly recommend both the book and audio version to Harry Potter fans everywhere!
 All Harry Potter books get 5 stars.
 Love all Harry Potter books and this is just as wonderful the shipping was as promised and came in perfect condition. Thank you!!
 Great sequal to Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Many questions answered, but many, MANY, new questions arise.<br/><br/>For those of you who are buying for VERY little children, some caution. There are few, just a couple, bad words. And some very graphics moments. But even so, you shouldnt not let them read this book because of that.<br/><br/>This is such a wonderfully written book, and the deluxe edition is worth the extra money. Its such a nice book. With all artwork inside, plus the slipcase, and the book is bound in a cloth material. Would recommend this to any Harry Potter fans!<br/><br/>I cant even imagine where she is going to go with book 7!
 I couldn't believe the way this book ended. I never would have expected it. The tragic ending made up for the happy story line. I was SO thrilled with Harry's love interest. Bet you'll never guess...! Ron finds one too believe it or not. This book was not as dark as the 5th year but it has a dark ending. This book was spectacular. I highly recommend it, just make sure you hold a box of tissues for the ending. Heartbreaking.
 Bought this as a Christmas present... Looks great, in condition I ordered it in.. shipped great... cant wait to see them open it.
 Don't worry, there are no plot spoilers in this review. Why do people insist on doing that, anyway? Knowing what's going to happen in a book is about as appealing as knowing what your Christmas presents are before you open them! It takes away all the fun.<br/><br/>As a writer, I thoroughly appreciate the phenomenon of J.K. Rowling's incredible success, and hope to improve with the inspiration she provides. Rowling has shown that reading has not become a lost pastime for today's youth. Television, internet, mp3 players, movies, and video games all stand aside for Harry Potter. She has also given millions of young people the opportunity to prove that they do have the attention span for bigger words and longer books. Those are two great accomplishments in and of themselves. Add to that Rowling's tremendous writing talent, and you get...magic!<br/><br/>Once again, J.K. Rowling has outdone herself. "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" exceeds expectations with plenty of suspense, peril, and adventure. Humor and romance are mixed in to lighten things up a bit, though the "snogging" was rather overdone. Otherwise, the well-crafted plot swirls and thickens like a cauldronful of perfectly brewed potion, bubbling ever nearer to the brim and threatening to boil over. Some old questions, rumors, and theories dissolve in the process, even as new ones rise to the surface.<br/><br/>Many original characters return in the "Half-Blood Prince," including Harry, Ron, Hermione, Hagrid, Dumbledore, Snape, and Malfoy. Old friends such as Lupin, Ginny, and Tonks reappear, and a few unfamiliar faces are introduced as well. Dumbledore continues to speak for Rowling, most often with regard to observations that are as relevant to our world as they are to Harry's: "Don't you see? Voldemort himself created his worst enemy, just as tyrants everywhere do!" "...the prophecy does not mean you have to do anything! ...You are free to choose your way, quite free to turn your back on the prophecy!"<br/><br/>The relationship between Harry and Dumbledore is more fully developed in this book, particularly their mutual loyalty. Harry himself has always been mature for his age, but in the "Half-Blood Prince," we get the definite sense that he has left childhood behind. At 16, Harry has grown into an admirable young man, determined to meet the challenge of taking his place in the war against Voldemort and the Death Eaters.<br/><br/>This transformation from boy to man underscores the wide appeal of Rowling's books among both children and adults. I have been as involved in the books as my kids (maybe even more so). It's been especially fun discussing this one with them. And I think I've got it all figured out, but I'm not telling. ;0)
 Having read the HBP four times now I would like to add my comments.  This book is unique in the series in that with each reading new questions, clues and fine bits of writing come to light.  I have read all the books many times, but this particular one is like a really good crossword or anacrostic puzzle with coded clues.<br/><br/>The writing keeps getting better.  I admire the symbolism--for example in the chapter "A Very Frosty Christmas," Scrimgeour is in the garden trying to recruit Harry, while Harry is focused on a gnome trying to pull a worm from the frozen ground.  Rowling's writing is wittier each successive book.  When the story is not taking a serious turn, it is full of humor.  (For example, Filch has nabbed Malfoy in the corridor after hours and has brought him to Slughorn: "'Professor Slughorn,' wheezed Filch, his jowls aquiver and the maniacal light of mischief-detection in his bulging eyes," what a marvelous image!)  Sometimes the descriptive parts are lyrically beautiful (as when poor, drunk Slughorn is extracting his horcrux memory to hand to Harry, p. 491).<br/><br/>Has everyone noticed that the Order of the Phoenix has put in place a sort of "witness protection" type program?  Dumbledore offers it as a way out to Draco Malfoy and his mother (pp. 591-592).  Draco and Narcissa would appear to be dead to Voldemort and the Death Eaters.  It leads me to wonder if some other people might appear to be dead who are not.<br/><br/>A question: Whose writing annotates Harry's 50-year-old potions book?  Not Snape's.  Snape has been grading Harry's potions assignments for five years--surely Harry would recognize his teacher's handwriting.<br/><br/>Snape has always been the most interesting and complex character throughout the entire series.  I am sure we will hear much more of and from him in Book 7.  Good!<br/><br/>Meanwhile it is fun to conjure up the myriad paths the Seventh plot might take.  I am 66 years old and a voracious reader and HP is currently my fiction fave.
 I very much so enjoyed this book. It was a page turner from the start, it was difficult to put down.
 good
 Nice book
 Amazon makes you leave a heading and a comment so I am typing this up to say its a good product and does what it says. If you are reading this, buy it. I don't leave 5 stars unless the product exceeds my demanding expectations. If it falls short of doing 100% of what it says, I leave 1 star.
 Third time rereading the books.  Still as great as the first time.
 This is the darkest of the six books so far.  Friendship and loyalties are put to the ultimate test.  A major character meets a tragic death.  This is a trend that started in the fourth book, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, and will very likely continue with the final book.  Dumbledore takes Harry to Voldemort's past to help him understand why and how Voldemort aka Tom Riddle became the most powerful and feared wizard.  The book's length is between Azkaban and Goblet, but it is enough to tell the necessary information that is needed heading into the final book.  There is also a surprise in who is the next DADA teacher.  Hint: It's someone who has wanted the job for many years.  This book will whet your appetite for the return trip to Hogwarts for the final time.
 The sixth installment of this marvelous series answered many of the questions hanging out there that were formulated in the first five books.  It also added new questions that will be tricky for Ms. Rowling to answer with just one book left in the series, but I am sure she will overcome this with her skilled writing technique.  I will be greatly saddened to see this series end as it has brought so much fun into reading for young children, young adults, and older adults.  It created a bond between age groups to debate joyfully.
 It's a great book
 Gave it to my Grandson
 An excellent gift .
 My friend was very excited to receive this birthday gift. Good quality at a great price.
 Just last night I finished Book 6.  It was well-written with plenty of suspense and I had a very hard time putting it down! It is interesting to note the growth of the characters; the author has done a superb job in allowing them to mature over the years.<br/><br/>I was shocked by the tragic occurrence toward the end of the book and it just leaves me looking forward to Book 7.  Do we have to wait a few years?  I hope not!<br/><br/>Congratulations to JK Rowling for another success in the series.  May she continue to enjoy what she does for fans all over the world.
 I listen to these CD's All The Time!  This is my third set.  I've worn the other two out.  I love the books.  So much better than the films, which were a real disappointment.  And, yet, I have all of those, too!  For my money...I'll keep listening to the CD's in the car, and reading the books!
 Jim Dale is just the best with all his voices, better than watching the movie as you get the whole thing, only missing the special effects.
 Great read.
 When I was young, I was an avid book reader.  I loved all kinds of books.  In high school, I lost interest in reading.  The Harry Potter books were so good that I started reading again!  It was so entertaining that I would be working and reading at the same time.  It was that good.  Harry Potter was an ordinary boy who finds out he's actually a wizard.  A famous one, at that. He was a baby when he somehow defeated the antagonist, Lord Voldemort. Lord Voldermort had disappeared since Harry defeated him as a baby.  But Lord Voldemort had resurfaced in recent years and was looking for trouble. Harry, in his 5th year at school, is learning about Lord Voldemort's past.  Harry needs to learn Lord Voldemort's secrets to defeat him once and for all.  With the help of his best friends, Ron and Hermione, Harry navigates through the school year of a typical wizarding high school and the dangers of finding Lord Voldemort's secrets.<br/><br/>It's a good book!  A definite must read.  I would recommend all of Harry Potter books to all ages.
 Reading this book aloud to my daughter provided us both with hours and hours of entertainment.
 Usual Harry Potter.  Really enjoyed the whole series
 I'm giving this five stars because the book arrived in excellent condition. My kids are into Harry Potter so the item was purchased for them.
 As expected. No complaints. This is an excellent book
 I've read this series several times now. And bought them again so I could read them to my nephew. He loves them just as much as I do!!
 I am tired of this.  Not every one wants to write a review. This software makes it difficult to by pass. I read a lot of books. When I am done I want to start another not write reviews.
 Yep it's a book
 Probably my favorite out of all the books because of all the revelations that are discovered.
 read the series a few times, seen the movies over and over. Love it all
 I have read it over a dozen times. And I love it every time! The story, characters, experience. All are fantastic.
 This was a gift chosen from a list given to us by a granddaughter who is collecting all of the Harry Potter books. Often in the book stores they can't be purchased in hard cover or they just are not available in the titles one is looking for. Amazon often solves that problem for us.
 The spine is in poor shape, but otherwise a great deal
 My son's on the 4th Harry Potter book out the whole set and he absolutely loves it
 Amazing book
 This is one of my favorite Harry Potter books. It gives a lot more insight to the character of Dumbledore.
 Time flies as story builds into more complications. I read this during breaks at work and time really flew by. I highly recommend this book
 There are some good cards in this book, some are too abstract and unusable for HP fans.  Too many art graphics and not enough basic shots of the three main characters.  I wouldn't buy it again if I had seen how few cards I can really use.
 J.K. Rowing shows a special gift for complexity of plotting, and keeping all those plot threads straight. These are especially evident in this sixth novel in her Harry Potter series.
 good transation
 What a great price!  Children who were too young when movie came out would enjoy watching all Harry Potter movies from the beginning. The price is right to buy all of them . Great Christmas gift.
 Love Harry Potter!
 So I've not actually read this yet, I wanted the last two books before I started reading the series (I already had the first five). I have finally started reading the series, I'm on "Year 3" and I'm loving them! I'm reading the book, then my daughter and I are watching that movie, then she reads that book while I start the next one. We are having a blast doing this!! The books just keep getting better and better!!! I highly recommend them.
 good quality, sticker on binding.
 First of all, I am still trying to come to terms with the ending-I just finished reading it. I think it was clever of Ms. Rowling to warn people that someone dear to Harry will die, because it was still a shock when it happened. I heard myself thinking, 'I can't believe she did that!'. Or, like what I thought from the 5th book, maybe it was just a mistake, and the person will still show up in the next book.<br/><br/>That being said, here are the things I noticed was different this time. Harry was not as angry as before. It seems that Harry has learned to control his temper, or Ms. Rowling probably got a lot of complaints about how hot-headed and how almost unlikeable she made Harry in the 5th book.<br/><br/>And Harry's got a new girl! I had an idea all along who it was going to be, but since I don't have proof that I was right all along, I will just bask in my own cleverness in silence (he-he!). I am just glad that it seemed, at least for the most part, Harry was not as miserable the whole time he is in school than from his 5th year. He deserves some happiness, after all that has happened to him. A lot of love is in the air in this book.<br/><br/>There are some things revealed by Ms. Rowling, as explained mainly by Dumbledore-which I think he overexplained in some parts, which made it somewhat confusing. For one, I am not satisfied with the reason given why Dumbledore trusted Snape. First of all, the reason wasn't confirmed by Dumbledore (I won't say who but you can take a guess), so I don't really believe it. Once you read it, you'll understand what I mean. Maybe the real reason will be revealed in the last, the 7th book.<br/><br/>I didn't feel as much 'urgency' in this book than the 5th-maybe because we all know the enemies, Voldemort and the Death Eaters are back and we already know they are killing people. It feels more like the matter of who is going to be left behind. Or maybe because the 5th book was more "evil", with Dolores Umbridge and all.<br/><br/>Finally, I again am satisfied to know (although like previously, I have no proof)that I was right in guessing the identity of the Half-Blood Prince. It just seemed logical to me who it will be. Hint: don't look too far.<br/><br/>I am sure everybody will enjoy this latest installment of Ms. Rowling's work. This book has began to wrap up the Potter saga. Harry has been handed more knowledge on what he is supposed to do. And I am sure everyone is anticipating, and dreading to see it all come to an end in the 7th book.<br/><br/>I give all of Ms Rowling's books 5 stars, but if I were to choose which one is my favorite, I would put this as either my 2nd or 3rd. My first pick is the Prisoner of Azkaban. Then either this or the Order of the Phoenix will be my second fave.
 It was to be expected, wasn't it? Spoilers and mean spirited bloggers apart, logical thinking wouldv'e got you to the same conclusion. All of the books have been progressively darker than their predecessors and seem to grow as Harry Potter evolves from an innocent 11-year old to an unpredictable adolescent and is not set to come of age in the 7th part of Rowling's saga. Also, the rivalry between him and Malfoy has started to get more 'deadly' (sorry for the pun) and dangerous. This books beautifully sets up the 7th book and gives readers a taste of things to come. I reckon no more Quidditch over pints of butterbeer anymore. It's down to serious business.<br/><br/>In terms of the book as a standalone, there are a couple of glaring inconsistencies but we could give Rowling the benefit of doubt there and just call it her way of depicting vagaries in human nature. Also, after flowing brilliantly for the first 500 or so pages in a humorous, intriguing way - living to all that we come to expect from life at Hogwarts - I just got the feeling that at the end, the cleanup act was a bit rushed and the book didn't seem to land as gracefully as it had taken off and accelerated.<br/><br/>Some of the interesting sub-plots (like Harry's love-life) have taken a back-seat though I wanted to read more about that. Also, I think she's been unfair to some of the characters, for instance Lupin, who I thought could have played a bigger role in the general scheme of things. Besides, I think there are a couple of places where she couldv'e edited some sequences to make room for others (which she couldv'e written and edited but that's just a conjecture) but then again, that is totally a matter of opinion and Rowling knows better, having written 5 books prior to this. :)<br/><br/>I'll just sum it up to say that there would be a lot of theories about the mystery at the end of the book, and there are tons of clues that would leave people hypothesizing about how the last book would end. But all in all, Harry Potter fans would NOT be the least bit disappointed. There could be tears maybe, but not because the book fails to meet the standards.
 Got it for my boyfriend to read and he loved it
 The book came in new and pristine with a lovely sticky note on it; thanking me for buying the book (which is always nice to see) If you're looking for this book then more than likely you know the story and how good it is. Amazing book and great price. Must have for any Harry Potter fan
 _The Half-Blood Prince_ was well worth the wait for its publication, yet it (frustratingly) also raises questions for what the next book in the series will be.  I will not attempt to add much to what has already been written by previous reviewers, as a detailed plot summary would spoil a great story.<br/><br/>In the broadest of terms, the conflict between the Death Eaters (and "He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named") and Harry Potter becomes more sinister and more serious.  As the stakes are raised in the struggle between good and evil, so are the casualties of war.<br/><br/>The character development resonated most with me - there is a perceptible shift from adolescence into adulthood here, especially with Harry.  Rowling also gives readers much background information about Tom Riddle, along with frequent references and tie-ins to the previous 5 books.<br/><br/>This is the darkest book of the series by far, but it is a fantastic read - you will not be disappointed.
 This was an absolutely wonderful and exciting book to read in the Harry Potter series. Even though I have switched to mostly digital books these days I still crack open this book when reading over the series. Extremely enjoyable, the harry potter novels are a series that will still be relevant and exciting no matter how much time passes.
 All J.K.Rowling books are great reads.
 J. K. Rowling’s sixth offering in the Harry Potter series is a suspenseful lead-in to the last book. For those who have never read this book, the story continues to grow darker as Harry becomes older. Many secrets are revealed about Lord Voldemort, and people are throwing aside all pretense and declaring their allegiances. Dumbledore helps set Harry on the road to accomplish what may be an impossible quest, though failure will certainly lead to triumph by their enemies.<br/><br/>Ms. Rowling’s writing again appears effortless, but again and again one is overwhelmed by the incredible preparation she had to do before beginning the Harry Potter books. In every book, she reaches back through the previous stories, reminding us of past events and showing how important they are in the overall tale.<br/><br/>This is my second reading of “The Half-Blood Prince,” and it still holds the same charm and excitement as when I read it the first time. Five stars.
 I was so looking forward to the release of "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince," that I was willing to spend almost two hours traveling home on public transportation from the bookstore, just so that I could pick up my own copy at the stroke of midnight.  Getting home at 2:30 in the morning didn't bother me;  in my mind, it was just more time to read.<br/><br/>To me, the extra effort was well worth the wait.  "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is easily the best book of the series, and deserves every bit of critical acclaim it has received.  I found myself unwilling, even unable, to stop reading this book, and finished it in less than twenty-four hours.  A riveting tale of good versus evil, this latest "Harry Potter" book shows our hero battling not only Lord Voldemort and his followers, but also his own preconceptions of love and pity, the two qualities identified by Albus Dumbledore as Harry's strengths at the end of Book Five.  In the end, Harry's ability to empathize with his enemies truly show a maturity beyond his years, proving that he has truly grown from a child into a young man.<br/><br/>My only disappointment, if you will, came at the end of the book.  While I won't give away any of the story's secrets, the death of one of the story's central characters has left me both saddened and disheartened, and I'm sure many other readers will react similarly.  Younger readers may be especially prone to dejection, as this book does NOT end on a particularly positive note.  As I've read these books, I'd never doubted that Harry, as the hero, eventually would defeat Voldemort.  After reading this book, however, I'm left to wonder whether good will truly triumph over evil in Book Seven.
 Highly recommend all ages READ all the Harry Potter series from beginning to end to truly appreciate the brilliance of J. K. Rowling. THE MOVIES, WHILE VERY GOOD, DON'T COMPARE TO THE BOOKS!
 I bought the entire Harry Potter series of books and the tapes that go with them. I could not get my child with ADHD to sit down and read anything at home or school. I sent him to school with the book, tape and headphones. This way when they had silent reading time he actually could focus and learn. His reading grades went up significantly.
 Big book
 daughter loves the entire series and this book is no exception.  thank you for making reading fun for the younger peeps.
 I could not stop reading this book. It was an excellent quick read. It only took me about 1 week to read it. I could not wait to get to the end of the series.
 OK, I'm going to say the same thing over and over. The Harry Potter Books are FABULOUS. I use them in my Medical Practice to encourage reading and to have those I work with compare their situation in life to those in the books. And, I give reading assignments out of these books.
 When Harry Potter returns for his sixth year at Hogwarts, he knows everything will be different. He's lost many people who loved him and who he treasured as friends and family. He's grown into his celebrity somewhat, but still battles anger, frustration, and confusion as to how he will handle his destiny. But Harry can safely say he never expected his destiny to culminate this fast, or lead to so much adventure, triumph, and heartache.<br/><br/>There are those who call Half-Blood Prince a "breather" book before we get to the final battle of Deathly Hallows. Having read it, I can kind of understand that assessment, but I'd argue this installment is not that much of a breather. J.K. Rowling goes back to her roots a bit, letting Harry and friends deal with crushes, a new teacher, and mysteries surrounding their classmates. These are reminiscent of the first three to four books and lend Half-Blood Prince a measure of innocence. But about halfway through the novel, you definitely know innocence is a thing of the past for our heroic trio. The stakes are higher than ever, thanks to Harry's mission to find out as much as he can about Voldemort and Horcruxes. The adventure and danger are increased as well--for young readers I'd say some scenes will be absolute nail-biters. If I had to assign this book another author or genre, I might be tempted to call it Tom Clancy for kids.<br/><br/>While most of the novel is intriguing, some parts show Rowling outdid herself this time. The way Horcruxes work, the type of objects they are, and who they are connected to, are details written with a deft and practiced mind. So too is an extended scene between Harry and Dumbledore where Harry must hurt his mentor in order to save everyone and everything else he holds dear. The magic itself gets considerably darker in this installment--cautious parents be aware--but this does add to the mysterious tone present throughout most of the series.<br/><br/>Perhaps the most interesting part for me in Half-Blood Prince is the question of who is working for whom, who to trust, who knows what, and when they knew it. Rowling makes all this sufficiently complex to keep things intriguing, but easy to follow. Having seen spoilers all over the Internet before I started the series, I wasn't too surprised at the revelations, but new readers certainly will be, and they will find the surprises delicious.<br/><br/>The characters don't get as much development in Half-Blood Prince as I would have liked, although by now we know them pretty well. In Half-Blood Prince, we get to see the trio growing into full-fledged adults. We know it will soon be time to tell them farewell, but Rowling leaves us knowing they will be fine, ready to take on whatever the Wizarding world throws at them, and birth a new generation. Some of the more "teenage angst" type scenes got on my nerves, as did Harry's anger-driven and reckless behavior at times. Sometimes I wanted to sit him down and say, "Kid, I know you're dealing with complicated stuff here but you have to learn to relax." Ah, if only wizards had counseling...<br/><br/>Overall, the sixth Harry Potter book isn't my favorite because it's so close to the end, and because of problems already mentioned. But with each book, I understand increasingly why children and adults love this series. Read for yourself and enjoy.
 I've always loved the Harry Potter series.  Reading these books brought back nostalgia.  Book was in near perfect quality when sent to me. Thank you
 Love the series this is a late review though, what can I say about this book? Very interesting for me pretty dark this is where the ball truly starts to roll.. must read book for sure.
 Another wonderful Harry Potter book, my kids and I love the whole series and we love the cover art on these editions
 It has the wonderful story lines we love in her writing; however, the play format does not allow for our accustomed depth of development.  It would have been a great book.
 I had initially read this book when it was first released and while I enjoyed it then, the finer points didn't quite resonant with me like they did now. Fantastic story. Highly recommend
 Along with thousands (upon thousands) of fellow Harry Potter fanatics, I gallavanted about my local Borders book store all afternoon on the 15th, waiting until the clock struck twelve and my long wait would be over.  And yes, if you're wondering, it was definitely worth the wait.  Upon receiving my copy, I locked myself in a quiet room with my book and did not emerge until I finished eight hours later.  I was, however, interrupted several times by my eight year old cousin wanting to know whether I was okay...He seemed quite alarmed by the screams, shouting, hysterical laughing, and sobs.  And that's what the book is about: jaw-dropping moments, girlish squeals {men--you know you did it too}, and tears because your gut lets you know the ending from the very beginning despite your hearts saying no, no, NO!  On second reading it's even better because you can search through the pages for subtle clues Jo always hides within her novels.  And the moments of hilarity and shock don't lessen any.  One of her best, perhaps the best, by far...despite what some in the fandom might say.
 It is an absolutely thrilling ride from the first page until the last.<br/><br/>Voldermort's character is further developed we get to see how he became the Dark Lord. By recalling his beginnings as a orphan boy just like Potter. As a matter of fact the similarities between He-who-must-not-be-named and Harry are so similar they are striking.<br/>Voldermort and his den of "Death Eaters", his loyal supporters, deal a deadly blow to the "Order of the Phoenix".<br/><br/>It's a must read for all Harry Potter fans.
 Great price. Daughter loves!
 This was a pretty great book and I loved all the suspense, but I still think that it's pretty harsh for one of Harry's last protectors, and certainly the most powerful, to just... die. It's pretty sad but I would definitely continue reading the series and I would recommend these books for anyone who likes a good read. Overall, this is a pretty amazing book and if I were you, I would definitely download this.
 The unabridged audio books are read by Jim Dale an English actor that has a different voice for each character and makes the listener feel like they are there observing the events in the book as they transpire. Helped, obviously by J.K. Rawlings prose. The audio series of the Harry Potters books are perfect for long trips in the car. I highly recommend the whole series.
 We are 100% satisfied with the purchase. No issues and works exactly ask we envisioned. Highly recommend!!
 excellent book
 A good read--as of the rest of Rowling's books. But, the Half Blood Price is missing something that all of the other five books has--some story to keep the reader wanting to turn to the next page. In the first book it was the Sorcerer's Stone. In the second book it was the Chamber of Secrets. The third and fourth had Sirius Black and the Tri-wizard Tournament. The fifth had Harry Potter anguishing against the disbelief of the Wizarding world. This sixth book in the story focuses on nothing and everything.<br/><br/>While quite enjoyable it lacks the excitement of the other Rowling stories. The book is more of a homage to Lord Voldemort and Albus Dumbledore. In it the life of Lord Voldemort is spelled out to all readers by the adventurous quests of the Hogwarts Headmaster. Outlining the known story of Lord Voldemort for Harry Potter, Professor Dumbledore sets the stage for the seventh--and final--book of the Harry Potter series.
 thanks
 Number 6 of the Harry Potter series was worth the wait, although it did leave a few things for you to learn in Number 7!!  Having read all the previous Harry Potter Books makes a big difference, as you know the "people" in this book, before you even start reading it!!  The only bad thing about this book is that we are getting too close to the final book, where there will be no more Harry Potter adventures to look forward to.
 Daughter bloves it!
 I started reading the Harry Potter books because of my 13 year old son, and I must say that I have enjoyed all of them. I could not wait to get this one (The Half Blood Prince) and read it, and I must confess that I am not dissapointed in the least with it. I only regret that JK Rowling had Dumbeldore "killed" in this book!! He was such an important and powerful character. In any case, I recommend this book for anyone that can read, kids and adults alike. In a nutshell, it is GREAT!!! Can't wait until she releases the seventh one!!
 It Harry Potter, obviously it's good.
 perfect condition
 The only way I can describe it is 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻😁 this is an amazing book it helps answer lots of ur questions u had from the books before.
 My absolute favorite Potter book. So many Snape questions answered.
 excellent product highly recommended
 great read
 Wanted the whole series. Love them!
 Although all six books are about the same characters in the same settings, J. K. Rowling has managed to make each instalment in the Harry Potter saga starkly different from the others. Where book one started out with excitement - of an oppressed young man entering his rightful world for the first time - each successive book has taken the reader not just further into Harry Potter's story, but also deeper into his world. Book six peels away one more layer of mystery about Harry's purpose in life and sets the stage beautifully for the grand finale - book seven. Can't wait for it to come out!
 I  personally have not read the series, but I purchased the whole series for my 8 year old granddaughter.  After buying the first and second, she asked for the 3rd, so I purchased the rest.  Must be good.
 My favorite of the series.
 We've been very happy with the quality of the cassettes. For the price, we got plenty of use out of them. We didn't need the chapters designated. It is so much cheaper to get the tape cassettes than the CDs.
 It's Harry Potter...I don't have much to add here. It's amazing. What else is there to say, and why haven't you read it yet?
 Great
 There are really very few superlatives one can justifiably use in describing "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince."  Rowling's literary treasure is unique among modern phenomena in that it manages to deliver on the months and even years of hype that is built into each novel by the contemporary publishing machine.  To be sure, it will be described by the reviewers as 'triumphant', 'dazzling', and even 'devastating', and deservedly so.  But what most who delve into the story will find is a marked change of theme and tone of the story: gone are the fanciful spells and whimsical bouts of underage magic, and raised in their stead are dark intentions and gruesome histories, wicked betrayals and a terrible, horrible murder.  In short, as Harry has matured, so have the stories, and Rowling is all too adept at making sure that we understand that the 'magic' of the wizarding world is not simply about enchanted objects, flying brooms, and unicorns.  It is also about tolerance, humility, and above all racism, for that really is the underlying theme of the books, each one propounding it deeper that Death Eaters view the 'magical' race as the superior race, and non-magical (or Muggle) peoples can be used, abused, and exterminated at will.  It would be very easy to rewrite the novels substituting the words 'Nazi' or 'White-Supremacist' or 'Pick-Your-Favorite-Genocidal-Bigot' in place of 'Death-Eater.'<br/><br/>The book also matures sexually, and one finds as they read it that there are not only hints at Harry's burgeoning sexuality, but also Ron's and Hermione's.  In particular, one finds frank appraisals of adult sexual themes in the story of Voldemort's mother, Merope.  We are told that she was tortured by her merciless father and brother, that it was a common family practice for the women of the family to be wed to their closest relatives (as close to incest as is truly possible) and there is also one particularly telling moment when the term 'slut' appears in the story.  There is even a good dose of sexual blackmail that occurs in one of the story's flashbacks.  Granted, these are fairly adult themes and terms employed by Rowling, but they are never used unwontedly and show--in classic story telling style--the hellacious conditions which literally gave birth to Lord Voldemort.  Surely, there will be those who decry the inclusion of such themes in a 'children's' series, but Rowling remains true to her characters and maintains the integrity of the conflict at hand.  One of the lasting achievments of Rowling's writing is that she has helped diminish the barrier between 'children's  literature' and 'Literature'.  She has shown, for the sixth time now, that they are not mutually exclusive.<br/><br/>The most consequential development in the sixth installment is the murder of a major, MAJOR character, one whose loss weighs far heavier than those any sustained by Harry thus far, including his godfather Sirius Black.  Some of the reviewers have remarked that they saw the murder being foreshadowed early on with hints from the previous book indicating this character would fall.  I, however, found it impossible to believe that it actually could happen, and was both shocked and horrified and in complete disbelief when it did happen.  In fact, I was so sure that this character could not be killed that I thought they would 'come back' by the end of the book and prove that they were in fact indestructible.  It is to Rowling's credit as a writer and her expert development of the character's relationship with Harry that I both screamed and cried when the character was killed.  For me, the murder of this character was tantamount to the murder of Harry Potter himself.  It is therefore with great anticipation, and also great trepidation and sadness, that the final chapter of this saga is awaited.  Whatever the outcome, Rowling will surely not disappoint.
 We have read, read aloud, audio booked, and watched them all as a family. My daughter votes this her favorite but of course read them all. The books are MUCH better than the movies. Read the books or listen to the audio books or you are missing out. Even if the movies did not work for you, well the books are another story! Read them all!!!
 I got to looking through the book and realized that part of chapters are upside down and out ofplace chapters 23 and 24 are mixed up out of order I am not happy because im ready to read my book not havr to send it back and wait on a return
 One son reading for the first time, one son and myself reading for the second time.  A great wizarding adventure!
 I read this a few years ago, but my grand daughter has discovered the series.  I am amazed at the imagination of J. K. Rowling.  What a wonderful series of books to draw children into reading.  I loved the books, and I hope my grand daughter will continue to love them, as well.
 Bought the entire set for a "senior adult" family member who had never read or seen Harry. I have personally read all the books several times. Everyone needs some magic in their lives and Harry is special because he teaches us many important lessons.
 Daughter loves it!
 Continues the Potter series with nonstop action.
 Once again, JK Rowling does a superb job of story telling Harry Potter's adventures. It will be good to read the next installment of the series.
 Awesome!
 my daughter loves the harry potter series.  she says they are a great read
 I loved all the Harry Potters books. I didn't like the way the author ended his series. Needs to write how all of their kids managed in magic school.
 All the Harry Potter books are written extremely well. I haven't been able to put them down since I picked up the Sorcerer's Stone. This book as expected was also exceptional.
 Daughter loves the book. Book in great condition
 The only bad thing about Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is the fact that I will never be able to look at the previous books the same way again.  The concluding events of Book Six really change everything - no longer can I talk about Harry Potter and begin sentences with the words "I'll bet..." or "I wouldn't be surprised if..."  Some of my hopes and intuitions would seem to be thoroughly dashed now.  I'm not saying this is a bad thing, but this book left me both eaten up inside and horribly empty at the same time.  My suspicions were correct in some regards, but I was thoroughly shocked in places.  The ending is just heart-breaking, seemingly ensuring that the seventh and final book will be extremely dark.<br/><br/>A large part of the book sort of takes you back to the good old days, though.  There are even stretches where Voldemort's shadow seems to fade completely away momentarily.  There's a new teacher to get to know, a new dimension to the studies of our sixth year heroes, and, of course, Quidditch matches to be played.  The half-blood prince worked out much differently than I had envisioned, adding yet another air of mystery over the year's proceedings.  Then there's Malfoy, whose changed manner and mysterious doings harbor no good whatsoever - he's no longer the Malfoy we've known before now.  Then there is, of course, that whole teenaged thing, as the relationships in this book take center stage.  Ron and Hermione, of course, argue a lot - but it goes much further than ever before this year.  As for Harry's burgeoning love life, things finally go in the direction I always wanted them to go (and I loved the subtle way in which Rowling nursed it along)  - but, of course, all bets are off with the momentous changes that take place in the end.<br/><br/>I just have so many questions now, as it seems hard to believe that what happened did actually happen in the way it happened, and it seems like it should never have happened at all.  Alas, I can not go into more detail here, though.  Book Seven will be unlike any that have come before (and this book itself was quite different in that Harry doesn't even appear until page 38).  Enjoy the first 550 pages of this one, as these pages feature the last days of anything approaching innocence in this magical world we all love so much.  The ending may well leave you in tears; you may not even feel like the same person after you finish it.  I don't consider Book Six quite as strong as Book Five, but, at the same time, I think it proves beyond the shadow of a doubt that J.K. Rowling is the best writer of our generation.
 What a book ... took longer then the other cause I kept putting it down unable to read more cause I wasn’t happy with what was going on but still having to pick it back up and read more
 Excellent book
 I really love this novel might be my favorite in this series. Goes through every emotion a person possesses. The ending forces you to immediately start the next novel.
 I'm a little sad that this book is slightly taller than the others which irritates my inner perfectionist, but I'm happy to have the UK version. :)
 good book
 Good
 J. K. Rowling's tales of Harry Potter are so vivid, so fun and dark that they are, at least for me, a great read. I think most people who have read the series agree. Rowling's characters and story-telling are superb! Highly Recommended!!
 My daughter loves this book. Got it for her as a gift and it came in as promised and had no problems with it.
 Perfect, and brand new!!
 Replacing a set that was borrowed and not returned. It rounds out my collection again.
 Bought for oldest grandson.  He loves Harry Potter and has all hardback copies now.
 These books are so well written, they can be read again and again with the reader discovering something new and interesting with each subsequent read.  The stories do not grow old.
 Jk Rolling has created yet another master piece. I can’t wait to buy the other one. But be ready for heart break, I know mine did.
 Harry Potter is always great.  This item arrived on time and is an excellent purchase.<br/>I like it very much and am VERY glad I ordered it.  Thank you so much Amazon.com for the great price,  good value and prompt delivery.  I use this item frequently.
 Bought the series to read with my 11year old grandson.  We finished "The Soccerers Stone" then watched the DVD.  Now moving on to book two - "Chamber of Secrets"
 All of the Harry Potter books are worth reading. I hope that one day J.K. Rowling finds the time to write other novels in this vein. She is superb at making creatures and people come alive.
 as expected
 This version is beautiful &amp; very worth the price!
 The last book to complete my set.  My 9 year old grandson is expecting the entire set to be given to him when he's older.  He's currently reading the first book and is excited to know I have ALL the set now.
 I am currently in the middle of reading Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  and realize that my wonderful H.P. experience is almost at an end,and what a incredible journey it has been. This book is full of back story,( thanks to the pensieve) and all the puzzle pieces are falling into place.I have nothing but praise for this series, and this book is a tremendous continuation of the story. Thank you J.k. Rowling for bringing wonder back into my life.
 Although this is not my favorite instalment in the series (mine being the Azkaban book), this US hardcover edition is once again is the best of all. Mary GrandPré's illustrations are so sweet. Cover and inside design are "magical"! I had to order this edition via AMAZON.COM because they only sell UK editions -which are dull, sorry-  here over in Turkey.
 I have read the Harry Potter series many times over and Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is still my favorite of all the books. I think it is because we are able to get such a wonderful look into the inner workings of Servious Snape when we read The Half-Blood Prince.
 Another great read in a fantastic series. Can't believe I waited this long to read these amazing books!!!
 I bought it for me daughter. Good condition and she loved it
 Good book, better than the quality listed.
 this is an excellent book. the story is compelling and the characters are well developed and real. Harry is a teenager and it is written that way.
 I think this is one of the best of the series.  Of course I love all the Harry Potter books.  I'm not a youngster either.  I'm 77 years old.  My eyes aren't as good as they used to be and I was delighted to get this book in large print.  I got my husband into it to and he read the series also and thought they were great.  I can't say enough good things about them.  Absolutely great!!!
 I mean at least it's book. I'll call it acceptable.  I was able to read it so theres that.
 the first book came - and though it was new - it was the wrong book - so after a call they sent the right book - and they didn't even ask for the other book to be returned - but I did - love the book - can not tell it is used - it is totally like new condition<br/>the vender - was fast in sending the first and the second book - their service did not pay for return - but I sent it anyway -<br/><br/>I will use their store again
 what's not to like about harry potter? really!
 I saw a newspaper article somewhere that called this one "dark". It could not have been farther from the truth. The 5th book--*that* was dark. This one is fantastic.<br/><br/>I laughed hard--and quite often. Albus Dumbledore's wry sense of humor and gift of understatement is such a treat! And that's only one of the sources of humor. Then, when there are troubles in Harry's life, the book doesn't dwell on them so much as motivate you to stand firm with Harry in his vigorous efforts to solve them.<br/><br/>A while back, I picked up the Chronicles of Narnia, because it was rumored to be so good. But I found it to be a childrens' book, and never got very far with it. The Potter series, on the other hand, is a morality play. It's getting the same response that Dickens' chapters received as they were published in newspapers of the day, and rightly so. The prose is Dickens brought up to date for a modern reader. But the *themes*--the themes are everything. The power of love. The purity of accepting others, as long as they mean well and aren't out to harm people out of selfishness, vanity, or pride. The importance of being brave. The value placed on doing what's *right*--and recognizing when the "rules" have to be broken to do so. These are powerful themes, both compelling and inspiring.<br/><br/>In short, I absolutely cannot *wait* until book 7 comes out. To say that Rowling is "spellbinding" is to engage in a wonderfully appropriate pun--but it comes nowhere near to honoring the master craftsman that she is. I am particularly impressed the way developments in book 5 and 6 were set up in earlier books. Only someone who conceived of the entire series in her head before she started could do that--which is why I found her biography as compelling as her books.
 This book has so much character and it's recieved so much love, I love it!
 I have read and loved this series and now my kids enjoy them too
 Just as amazing as the first books.
 This book sets up very well what must come in the last book.  I read this book as slowly as I could, trying to put off as long as possible the ending chapters.<br/><br/>As I got closer to the end of the book I started reading faster and faster.  Then when I finished I backed up and re-read the last few chapters again (twice).<br/><br/>I then got in a huge argument with my daughter over what 'really' happened in the last few pages of the book.<br/><br/>In my opinion the last part of this book is setting up some really cool stuff that will happen in book seven.<br/><br/>There is just too much history associated with the various characters to take at face value what happened to them in the last chapters of this book.<br/><br/>And I have a theory about what 'really' happened and it has to do with the fact that Harry is still a young and inexperienced wizard who will be facing a very experienced older Voldermort in book seven.
 First off, i would say that this book is well worth your money; although you are just as likely to be able to borrow it off a friend who has already finished it.<br/><br/>After a dissapointing 5th book, Rowling has managed to recover the story. The majority of the book fills in some important holes and creates a good overall plot. I must say there is nothing spectacular until the end, but Rowling does a good enough job of keeping her readers involved throughout the book. I barely put the book down although i am not sure whether that had more to be with it being a harry potter book or the quality of the writing. I am sure i will reread the book eventually to pick up all the details i missed, but right now everyone else in my family is reading it.<br/><br/>This book is worth a read. This book also won't take you long, despite being 652pages, the words are large--waste of paper if u ask me--and Rowling's writing style makes it a quick read.
 See headline.
 Can't say enough about the whole series.  Love it!
 B. Capossere wrote: "At the least, book six in the Harry Potter series does what it needs to: it moves the characters along in their personal and magical development; it fills in some previous gaps of knowledge; especially with regard to Voldemort's past; it continues to raise the level of urgency and danger as previous books have, it adds a few more mysteries/cliffhangers; and it ends with a clear pointing toward a final climactic battle. The problem, though, is that the book does the least one would expect and no more."<br/><br/>I have to agree with that assessment 100%.  The book was uninspired and felt rushed.  I would rather Ms. Rowling take her time and craft the story to perfection, as she did with the earlier books (particularly books 4 and 5), than meet her production deadline with a mediocre manuscript.
 The item was received as sold. No markings no scratches brand new.
 This book will be something to be read for generations.  I put this series somewhere between Chronicles of Narnia and Lord of the Rings for greatest series of books of all time.  This particular book is mostly an introduction to the final book in the series, "The Deathly Hallows".  It is a self contained plot but leaves much to the next book to finish.  I highly recommend the entire series.
 great condition
 All the Potter books are well written and entertaining...even for adults.
 What else can be said about the HP series.  Search "reasons J.K. Rowling is a genius" to see all the reasons explained better than I can.
 I will keep this review spoiler free, as I am writing it only 1.5 days after the book has been published.  I'd like to suggest that other reviewers do the same.<br/><br/>First, let's get it out of the way: yes, this may be the best one yet.  I say may because the level that JKR has set for herself is so very, very high.  Books 4 and 5 ended in a breathless rush that had chills running up and down my arms, my hands wringing, and my mind reeling.  This one, however, if possible pushed me forward.  I haven't cried over a book in years, not since I read  "A Severe Mercy" by Sheldon van Auken (read it, BTW).  I cried over this one.<br/><br/>The book begins differently than I had come to expect from JKR.  The change was somewhat refreshing, as we did not spend the first 30 pages in Privet Drive.  We did get another amusing look at the Dursleys, including some commentary on their child raising skills, but things don't lag here, as they did at the beginning of HP5.  They speed quickly on to Hogwarts, where the plot becomes as dark and convoluted as any of them yet.<br/><br/>The first 400 pages of the book rock along much like the first 400 pages of the others.  Good story.  Nice to move along some of the plot lines that we've been arguing about.  Fantastic humor--much of it laugh out loud.  Then the last 200 pages come along like a firestorm, and take control.<br/><br/>At one point, I had to put the book down and walk around my apartment, I was so distressed.  And I had not gotten to the distressing part.<br/><br/>Pathos.  Wonder.  Humor.  Sorrow.  This book ends so marvelously, so horribly, I cannot endure the wait for another one.  Run out. Get this.  It is splendid.
 I really enjoyed book 6 of the Harry Potter series; I have read it three times! I liked the romances that she put in this book; typical for teenagers who are sixteen! Although, I must say I was really shocked by who died and how they died in this book. I did not expect that to happen. I think that Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is the darkest book of the series. Not everyone will agree with me, but that's OK. I can't wait until book 7! I really wish we knew the title! The suspense is killing me!
 Dear Ms. Rowling,<br/><br/>Thanks for writing another great episode in the Harry Potter saga.  I thoroughly enjoyed the plot twists, and I even teared up a little at the end.  This story is at once exciting, smart, and moving.  I, along with millions of other fans, eagerly await the seventh and final episode.<br/><br/>Sincerely,<br/><br/>Big Fan
 Just a few random thoughts on the subject:<br/><br/>I love all the Harry Potter books and I hated the author for killing off another wonderful lead character. Without this character's help, I don't see how Harry could possibly become proficient enough in magic to destroy Lord Voldemort, even if he weakens him by destroying all his horcruxes - especially if he drops out of Hogwarts! But I guess the author will come up with some more lucky twists of wizardry and witchcraft to save Harry's neck...<br/><br/>I would really like to know what Dumbledore's reason was for trusting Snape. Was it a mistake? Or were Snape's actions part of Dumbledore's plan?<br/><br/>How come that in the final battle Snape could read Harry's mind without Harry noticing?<br/><br/>And why did Dumbledore stupefy Harry? Was this also part of the plan?<br/><br/>As I said, just some random thoughts...
 Great read.
 Recommended
 Y'all know what it is. Do I even need to say how great these books are?
 I LISTEN TO IT OVER AND OVER AGAIN IN THE CAR ON MY WAY TO WORK - CAN'T WAIT TO COMMUTE!
 Harry Potter!!! This book, like all in the series, is amazing! Cannot wait to share it with my daughter.
 great book
 If you love the Harry Potter books than I'm sure you'll be like me and read every one of them. Who would of guessed? Not me. A friend loaned me the first one and it grabbed me from the very start and I was hooked. I've read every one of them.
 I ordered my last 4 harry potter books from Amazon.com. I paid for overnight shipping on the first on and it arrived the day before the supposed release date so while all those people who were standing in lines at midnight to buy it in the big cities I was half way through with my fiance', we being both disabled this was a great treat for us. First having it early made us feel like we were getting insider treatment, second of all it was deliverwed to our front door so we did not have to have someone pick up our mail or something bizarre like the post office delivery. The 4th and 5tyh books same great service, we werer definately ok with paying the extra to get it from amazon a day early instead ogf having to go to our local book store the actual release day and pick it up. we live in a small community so no huge lines or anything like that. Lots of religious freaks in our area. This year we were all stoked slept early in the day all set to recieve the book and read it first night, but the delivery man from UPS did not come when he usually does so we had to wait until 7pm, they always say they can be late as that with other packages we have ordered from other suppliers and have gotten them late. So at 7:23PM I called UPS and expressed my concern. I was told by them that this year amazon was shipping out the books to local USPS stations and that they would have them deleivered by 6pm on the 16th. This is not what we grew to expect as service from Amazon and UPS and if we had been notified of said problem I would have gone in and bought it at 8am on the 16th when the book store opens in our area with our care taker as he has children too. A Waste of Money and a wasted night, all the disappointment and hurt feelings in the household. It was the worst experience with Amazon to date that I have experienced. If they are going to do it this way next book, I will buy local and possibly consider finding another online supplier that will not break tradition on service that I for obvious reasons have come to expect. I complained and even though I was told I would have a response within 24 hours, because they had no phone numbers for me to call, I wonder why they have that policy. anyway I still have not gotten a response and it has been 5 days now since I wrote, where they could have responded, though I guess 3 if you count only traditional business days, but way longer then the within 24 hours I was told in print.<br/><br/>Michael and Family
 J.K.Rowling does it again!
 This showed how even in your dark day that true friends will be there for you and with you. I loved how it showed that even those who people thought were not good enough wizards or a little crazy, are stronger than anyone knew.
 As I have understood, many readers are disappointed with an arguably less fantastic and magical atmosphere in book 6. However, as the characters age and grow ( which J.K. Rowling does wonderfully) and as the magical world becomes darker and hostile, it would be, in my opinion, disastorous to present the story through the eyes of an eleven year old first experiencing the world of magic. As Harry grows, the narrative form adapts to better capture what is of importance to Harry. For children readers or those who prefer to simply immerse themselves in a fantastic world, this can be seen as a disappointment. For those at the edge of their seats wondering what will happen next in this tragedy for Harry, Book 6 delivers! If you can live without feeling warm and cozy with a mug of butterbeer, please read! It's my new favorite!
 Love Harry potter books!
 my son loves it
 Enjoyable to read. I am ready to follow Harry to the bitter end  now!!! I am starting the final book tonight!
 I read this one in two days, and I am re-reading it already, to savor Rowling's language and story. Harry's character has developed into an intelligent, astute, more mature young man. I have truly enjoyed watching Rowling create Harry - starting as the naive boy in Book 1, evolving slowly into the hero he is in Book 6 (and will likely be in Book 7).<br/><br/>Many Amazon reviewers have said that this is the weakest of the series, due to lack of plot and character development. I must disagree. Let me explain:<br/><br/>PLOT: The plot - and there is plot - revolves around getting to know Tom Riddle. Rowling gives us much-needed background on Voldemort. She sacrifices magic classes and the like to develop the enemy's personality. We haven't known much about Voldemort until now - and this was the perfect time to give us (and Harry) the information. Harry is more mature now and can handle it, and as we see the story through Harry's eyes, it was naturally the perfect time for us to get to know He Who Must Not Be Named. Besides, giving the reader this information in Book 6 sets up the final book nicely. Additionally, we move through this school year at a fast pace - all the while, laughing at dialogue, yelling at Snape (and Ron), and crying at the end. There truly is no lack of plot whatsoever.<br/><br/>CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT: Many have said that there is no character development. Well, if possible, the character development in this book is even stronger than the story. Harry is no longer screaming at everyone, thus showing his maturity. Rowling accurately -and sensitively- shows the young wizards moving well into adolescence as well. (Ron acts like a dolt at times- and so does Hermione. Harry, too.) Draco has become a much more round, dynamic character. Who knew he could cry? And Dumbledore is suddenly much more human. We truly get to know and love Dumbledore in this one. He is a great role model for Harry - and for the rest of us, I think. Rowling has also shown the strong friendship between Ron, Hermione, and Harry in this one. There is an unbreakable bond between them that is absolutely touching.<br/><br/>My only complaints would be that 1) there is a dramatic change in Snape. Or, maybe I always saw it coming. I'm torn on this one; and 2) some areas of the story feel rushed (e.g., the cave scene).<br/><br/>I eagerly await the final book of the series. I only hope it's longer than this one, in order to answer all of my questions, and to completely develop and finish the story.
 Very good book
 Despite the length of this book, it is not a novel by any strict literary definition, i.e., it has no resolution.  Rather, it simply ends in a version of the old Saturday morning serial cliffhanger.  Half Blood Prince is a series of episodes that bridge between book five and book seven to come.  We do learn (through a rather hokey device) a great deal about Voldemort's youth, but we still do not know with any certainty what Voldemort's association is with Harry's parents, especially with Harry's mother.  We see Ron, Hermione and Harry growing up a great deal more, with their hormones working overtime--but we are not told who will pair with whom.  And we see a rearrangement of the characters, Malfoy, Snape, and particularly Professor Dumbledore.<br/><br/>The biggest question we are left with, before finally battling Voldemort to the death in the next tome, is wondering how much we have seen in the latter part of this book actually happened and how much was staged for Harry's benefit.  Dumbledore is, after all, the greatest wizard Harry has ever seen or ever will see, Ms. Rowling assures us at one point.  Look for some surprises in this area.  And where is Malfoy and where is Snape?  And somehow we still have to understand the Dursleys in all this.<br/><br/>For these unresolved issues, I say this is a lengthy interlude and not a novel.  In fact, all seven books will be the actual novel, with each book being a chapter in it.<br/><br/>Let the suspense now build with Potter Phanatics to see what the last book will bring us.
 This book starts off slow but begins to heat up after you get a few chapters.  It left me wanting more.  She did a great job.  I can't wait for the next book.  I wish J.K. Rowling wasn't going to quit this series with the seventh book.  It would be interesting to see what she would come up with for Harry past Hogwarts, if he makes it that far.  Then, that is the question.  What has she got in store for Harry in the next book?  With the way she has written the previous books, we are sure to have a great read.
 I bought this as a gift for a friend. She loved it. And she's 7 years old. She's reading through the whole series again and I just love the fact that I could give her these great stories that I know she will always cherish.
 great
 One of the best in the series.
 Fift for six yeR old grandson
 I stayed up like many people and read the book all night. I must say, it's outstanding. There are many surprises, both good and bad, and many questions are answered. More questions are raised, however, and the very end of the book made it feel like book 7 may be structured in a completely different way than the others. I also may need grief counseling from the climax of this book. No one warned me about the impending death of someone I cared about. I definitely like the new, older, determined Harry better than his younger self. Rowling has proven to have the richest imagination on earth today.
 It was the fourth time of reading this book, and still enjoyable.
 My favorite in the series!
 The book was received super quick.  The condition was not perfect as it looked like it had been in a library somewhere.  All the same, it was a great buy and my son isn't going to take the greatest care of it himself.  No complaints at all!
 Teenage angst in the Harry Potter world, gotta love it
 Great book
 Half-Blood Prince is another fine effort by J.K Rowling.  The plot twists and surprises along the way kept the series fresh and fun to read.  The reading by Jim Dales adds an extra dimension to the characters in the book.  Our family enjoyed hearing their favorite characters again.  The length of the reading lended itself to our long car trips this summer.
 If, like me, you wait to read (or in this case listen to) the book until AFTER the movie is out there are some plot details you find that were left out of the movie.  One in particular I think is important but was completely omitted from the film.  To keep from revealing too much, I'll simply say there are parts I didn't particularly like but I didn't do the writing. Overall, if certainly expands the franchise and I'm looking forward to the final chapter.
 I ordered library binding and was expecting the larger copy with dust cover. I got the copy with the front printed. Great read though
 Well. everyone in my house is a Harry Potter fan, so we enjoyed this book just as much as we enjoyed all the others. J.K. Rowling is a fabulous writer who pulls you in and makes it difficult to put the book down. The Harry Potter series is always entertaining!
 I mean... it's just utterly fabulous. I can't believe how long I waited to finally experience the magical world of Harry Potter.
 It's a Harry Potter Book - of course it's great! (And a lot better than the movie.)<br/><br/>The formatting is, at best, mediocre. The table of contents looks as if it should "hyperlink" to the appropriate chapter, but I've been unable to get that feature to work. Additionally, the chapters jam together with no clear separation between them.<br/><br/>Some of these formatting issues impact readability - paragraphs broken in the wrong places, mis-spellings, and other typographical errors.<br/><br/>If you're a forgiving reader this shouldn't be a problem. If you expect decent formatting for $20, then you may be disappointed.
 Yes, this book was GREAT!<br/>I did NOT like a certain part of it, however.  Heartbreaking  :(  ~almost made me want to quit the series!!
 Good book, pick it up if you have not read it already.
 I've enjoy the book several times before, but it was fantastic to read from my own copy. The book was in great shape, even better than expected, and the seller shipped it well within the promised time. Thanks so much!
 great read
 J.K. Rowling fan all the way.  I would have been happy for the Harry Potter stories to have gone on and on.
 My husband and girls love these books and we were all very happy with the condition of the one we ordered, used.
 Arrived in great shape and timely.  As with all Harry Potter books, there's a story on the outside and another one on the inside -- but maybe it's on the inside of the reader.
 As with all of her books, Rowlings has written a first rate story. Keeps the mystery, unexpected happenings and, of course, the ending demise of a very prominent principle. The next and last book has a lot to live up to, but I have no dought that Rowlings will live up to the high standards she has set for herself.
 This is one of the best series of books ever penned. I have read this multiple times and always enjoy it.
 I'm a true die-hard fan of the series, but truth be told, I was really dissapointed by this latest installment. The problem was two fold: First, the previous books included liberal amounts of brilliant humor which softened the darker notes. I think I chuckled ONCE in 650 pages of HPatDP. (Maybe George and Fred Weasly, who pretty much just get a cameo appearance, used to get all the good lines.) Secondly, this book also noticably lacks all the fun little side details that bring Harry's world to life; whether it was interesting food or candy, hillarious hexes, creatures hiding in th living room drapes, a little swamp left in the hallway... it all gave the previous books so much charm that this book lacked. Was it still a good read? Sure, but all in all it just seemed a bit lackluster.
 A great tie to the final chapters of the series. The plot twists were perfect like when (spoilers) Snape kills Dumbledore.
 One of the most thrilling in the series!
 When kinetic 10 year old boys ask to read 650+ page novels, that's some powerful magic.
 Another Harry Potter book that I thoroughly enjoyed. I read it together with my friend and we compared notes daily since we work together.
 Bought the book because after moving multiple times over the past few years mine dissapeared. The book came in great condition and completed my series.
 Contrary to the opinions of many of my friends, this is my favorite Harry Potter story. Don't get me wrong because I love them all, but in my opinion, this one stands above the rest. I love Tom Riddle's back story and the maturing relationships between the characters. I'm not here to give a full book review. I just want to show my support for Harry Potter and the amazing series J.K. Rowling has created, and this is the title I believe is underestimated and deserves more praise. I can't wait to read it again!
 Love ALL the HP Books on Audio.  I am a self-professed Harry Potter geek and have been through the books, movies and audio many times.  I listen tp the audio series in my car about once a year and love it because Jim Dale does such an awesome job reading the story and providing great voices for each character.  If you've wanted to read the books but haven't gotten around to it, listening to them is a great way to navigate the story!
 I enjoyed this as much as the others in the series.
 It's Harry Potter, enough said.
 Great
 BEST Series ever!<br/>I had seen the movies and decided I was going to read the series. I have read them all once and plan to start them all again soon. Just an excellent series for all! I'm a HP addict!
 Good read
 Exactly what I expected
 Excellent.  Thank you!
 gift for my 12 year old niece
 Books in excellent condition
 this is a gift he said love this book .
 Dear Readers, who, like me, love Harry Potter, and JK Rowling:<br/><br/>Well,  I  like many others , went to  shop for this book at 12:01 AM Saturday morning, although,  I would receive my ordered book later that day, through the mail.  This book was my husbands copy.  We sat and read several chapters together, me, reading aloud to him.  After I returned home later that day, my book was in the mailbox waiting for me.  I finished this book Tuesday evening, and to tell you the truth,  I was shocked, and  thought it was an abrupt ending.  Although,  I adore all of her books, I find the fourth one, my favorite.  I recommend this book to any and all who love the Harry Potter series, or any books of this type.  This is a great read for any of all ages.
 My kid loves it
 Great book
 Anyone who hasn't read the series yet doesn't understand all the magic and adventure that awaits them. Still waiting for my Hogwarts letter!
 Another perfect book in the ever expanding series.
 I bought the cheapest used book, and didn't expect much. This book has something sticky spilled on it, but it wiped off easily, and the book read just fine.
 I will not spoil anything, but there were a couple things in Half Blood Prince that did not seem to add up.  As usual, the J.K Rowling has written another awesome story, but be warned the pace is  a lot faster in this one, with more focus on plot and less on character development.  There are some questioned answered and really interesting plot twists.  The kids are really growing up and HBP shows them as more mature with less of Harry temper spurts of OOP.  I can't say I liked this one as much as OOP, but, I think its still very worthy of the series.  I cannot wait until the 7th comes out now...
 The latest offering from J. K. Rowling is her best effort yet. I have read all the books and I really enjoyed this one the most. It has all the usual Rowling excitement plus some very exciting twists and turns. It will cause most readers to shed a tear. I highly recommend it to readers of all ages. I say this from the point of view of someone who is himself grey haired but has the input of his teen children and grandchildren.
 Granddaughter is wrapping up her reading of all the Potter books -- one more to go after this one!
 I love this book.
 bought all of the h.p. books for my great neice. she kept them and now is reading them to her oldest daughter.  her children are book lovers. reading is fundimental and children have a thirst for knowledge.
 My son (who is now 14) started this series when he was in the 3rd grade.  He is eating this book up just as much as he did the others.  It is amazing to me that a single series can keep a kids attention over that many years.  This is the series that turned my son into the avid reader he is today.  KUDOs to J.K.!
 Great book and great series.
 I bought it used but the quality was great. A classic.
 Love this series
 Exactly what I expected.
 I received this book on the pre-order date that was given and read it cover to cover in 7 hours.  I loved it and have shared it with others many times.  I enjoyed the experience of pre-ordering that Amazon gave me so much that I am certain I will do it again.
 This book was purchased to be a second copy to have around to read without concern over being damaged by the cat knocking it off of the table or similar accidents.  I considered the book as being in "good condition" because a previous owner had bent page corners to mark location in the book.  Otherwise the book was in very good condition, including the jacket.<br/>I rated it as 5 star because the book was as described by the seller and their prompt shipment of the book.
 Page turner until the end.  Definitely one of the darker books in the series, but makes you want to read the next one.  Have the Kleenex handy!
 The boaks just get  progressivelyrics better.
 I love all of the Harry Potter stories! This was for my 10 year old niece!
 Rowling weaves a fantastic story.. still great.  My 10th time reading it.  :-)
 Hello.  It is a Harry Potter book!  It is great!!!
 Love harry potter and arrived in perfect condition
 This is the best book of the series. I've read it a million times. LOVE it
 Another great installment in the Harry Potter series.  No spoiler, but a real shocker.  Did not see this coming.  Like the rest of the series, once you start reading, you can't put it down.
 Great book, just sad it's over...
 The book was in good condition, but it didn't come with a dust jacket. Other than that, the book is great!
 grandson loves it
 This book was much more enjoyable to read than the previous Harry Potter book. Not nearly as dark and it kept moving right along. Best of all for me, it focused on Harry, rather than an assortment of other characters. I'm 65, love the entire series and look forward to the next book (and movie). Keep them coming Ms. Rowling!
 The best Harry Potter book in my opinion, and the very first HP book I ever owned. My sister and I wore out that paperback, and now it's time for a new one!
 Every person on this planet needs to read these books.
 A much less complex book than some earlier ones, but a lot of plot advancement--building up steam for the big finale. There weren't many surprises-as a lot of people predicted, this is Harry's big "coming of age" installment, emotionally, hormonally, and in terms of facing life's realities.  I'd go into more detail here, but I don't want to spoil it for anyone.<br/><br/>It felt like Rowling is losing some of her freshness (can't really blame her there--this has been a long haul); a lot of it seemed to be fairly formula-both Rowling's own formulas and time-honored ones, such as at the end where Harry gazes into the far distance and says "I have to go it alone."  Still kept me mesmerized for seven hours, though.
 An amazing  author that has brought to life the characters in the story! I was so saddened at the loss of the main character.
 Although billed as a children's book, this series has proved to be just really good storytelling.  The characters are engaging and full developed with complex relationships.  I find this book to be the best of the series so far.
 I have gotten all the books on Cd I like Jim Dales voice it is very soothing and I listen to it at night and when I do house work. Very enjoyable.
 My daughter loves these books.. We purchased this one for her 5th grade class.
 The Half Blood Prince continues J.K. Rowling 's tradition of telling a good story. It will enchant readers for generations to come .
 Very good vocal animation
 Great book for kids of all ages.
 Probably my favorite book of the Harry Potter series. Other than the last 100 pages of Order of the Phoenix the pacing and writing are the best the series has to offer. I couldn't wait for book 7 to come out after finishing this one on an airplane trip to Spokane, it was such a great read.
 An impressive seller.
 The further you go into Harry Potter, the darker the story gets, but it is a good story!
 Can you believe I owned every book from this series but Half Blood Prince? It's not an issue anymore!
 Came quickly great read
 This was a gift to friends of mine who are collecting all of these books in audio form.
 It came with cresses on the cover but what should I expect from that price
 Love Harry Potter books for a long time, and I still do.
 Absolutely my favorite of the franchise. You get an in depth look at Voldermort's history all while witnessing Harry grow into a man. Great read!
 I must say that this series is outstanding. Purchased both the hardback and the audio book. I highly recommend this to all who have children. This is a must read for your personal library.
 LOVE IT
 Great narration, obviously a great book. Thoroughly enjoyed listening.
 Excellent book and Amazon let me have it for free because I intended to get the audiobook and accidentally bought this, however, it was totally made up for by them letting me keep it! Thanks Amazon!
 Great book
 I was introduced to Harry Potter when I was in high school, right after the second book, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, was released. Having learned of the series from news articles and my family, I devoured each volume with a sense of growing wonder. They weren't just good. They were extraordinary. From then on, I have waited for every new installment as eagerly as millions of other fans.<br/><br/>I'll be honest, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince isn't my favorite J.K. Rowling book. Its a good set up for the final battle, but this story lacks in excitement and wonder. However, one of the great pleasures of these novels has been watching Rowling's storytelling skills develop. And she certainly spreads her wings in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
 The sixth entry is my favorite in the series. This is also one of my favorite books of all time. Harry and company are growing up and it shows in form of story and tone.<br/><br/>A lot of this book is taking up with the back story of Voldemort. With every turn J.K. defied my expectations. Special care is giving with the story of his parents. These scenes are what drives this plot.<br/><br/>The ending will leave you shaking with disbelief.It is a perfect example on how to set up the finally without sacrificing story. I cannot recommend this book enough. I have read it about 8 times now and every time I read it I find something else to love about it.
 Book arrived on time and was as advertised. Glad to add it to my collection.
 my daughter loved all of the Harry Potter books
 I can’t believe what I’ve read. It’s truly a book that can capture my attention like none other. Truly amazing.
 My son has finished all the previous in the series. It's reasonably priced and came fast.
 I think Dumbledore should live and Severeus Snaps should die or get hurt in any other way or both live or HARRY POTTER should kill Snaps and he who must not be named
 great book
 I haven't read it yet and it's good for kids
 What else would you expect from JKR?  The adventures continue to be thrilling, and Harry faces some dangers we couldn't have imagined.  There is still time for some romance and some laughter, though.  Definitely a book for older children at this point; I wouldn't recommend this one to anyone younger than 13.
 Thanks for writing these books and putting them on my Kindle. Sincerely, Lauren Deana Bailets. Thanks a lot for the books
 I love this book. I am obsessed with the Harry Potter series and I have all of them except for this one. I've read them over three times already and I just don't get tired of the series. The book came in really good condition. It barely looked used. It had crease marks along the spine but that was pretty much it.
 Reading this you can't help but get excited to read the last book.  It even made me go out and buy the Hogwarts "textbooks".
 I LOVE this book! It is the best out of the 7 books. You learn so much about You-know-who's past which is so intriguing. And you also learn a great deal of what makes Harry great, and why Dumbledore is awesome. I truly love this book!
 loved it
 The book arrived when estimated and in perfect condition, no visible marks or anything, just as expected. I needed the prime delivery due to the time. The thing is sometimes they post a higher price (for example this book said around $16), but when you go to the lower part, where it says for example "15 new from..." on very small size, you find out you can get the product, with prime, for a lower price. I ended up paying only 10 for the book.
 The book was in excellent condition for the price! In addition, it is a great read!
 This book was just as captivating as the other five.  I would recommend it to anyone who likes to read.  I couldn't put it down and I am in college, where you don't read for fun that often.  Amazon got the novel to me very fast.  I was pleased with the service and the product did nothing short of amazing me.  All of the Harry Potter books are great.  If you read one, you will be hooked for life.  Definitely go read this one!
 A puzzling, somewhat irritating, recurring theme has developed in this otherwise wonderful series.  Harry always finds out something important, no one believes him, and calamity comes to pass.  It turns out that Harry has been right all along, but still no one believes him when he says he knows something equally important and potentially catastrophic later in the story sequence.  Yes, I understand he's a child, but he's Harry Potter!!  Characters in these stories revere Harry Potter, and yet, don't believe in the things he says.  Yes, there might be some ultimate plan where Dumbledore meant all these horrible things to happen to flush out Voldemort in the end, but I find it inconsistent and hard to believe that all the other characters are meant to be so incredibly stupid.  Is it really so hard to believe that Draco Malfoy is evil and possibly a Death Eater?  No, of course it's not, but no one thought to check it out.<br/><br/>This pattern of events has happened in every book so far, and it is becoming incredibly irritating, and I really hope that the intelligence of the supporting characters is redeemed in the next book.
 Mostly entertaining and well written as the previous installments. The only issues are a few logical fallacies and the main character, Harry Potter, becoming increasingly unlikable. He's forgetful, arrogant, stubborn, and whiny.
 The audiobooks for the Harry Potter series are extremely well performed and produced.  The American series is narrated by Jim Dale.<br/>My only complaint is that is seems most audiobooks are put on thinner, cheaper disks that are easily prone to damage of all kinds.
 I love the Harry Potter books!
 we all love all these book this was a replacement for one we lost
 Perfect. Nothing more beautiful than the spine of a book before you open it for the first time time.
 Even with an ending that some people may not like, It still has enough suspense, action, and twist and turns to keep any Harry Potter fan reading to the last page. Enjoy.
 Love the entire series!
 love it!
 ...and during lunch and on the train - and she had read it previously - can't get enough of it - and I still have it ready to roll out again.  A great joy to have and to hold.
 Great book, I mean it is Harry Potter what do you expect
 I got my book yesterday afternoon and read until 3 this morning.  I agree with many of the reveiwers that this book wasn't near as gripping as the others, I also loved the Prisoner of Azikban.  However, JK is doing a good job of rolling toward the conclusions of the book in a concise and understanding manner.  I think the saddest moment for me was the realization that the story is almost over, and there will be only one more book to look forward to.  I do think there were a few surprises in this last book, I would like to beleive that things aren't all what they seem at the end of the book.  To me, the ending was too predictable, so I am hoping this is a ruse to throw us off the trail of the last book.  I do disagree with getting this from the library, even though this book wasn't as good as the previous ones,  The value is in having the entire series.  I think these stories will outlive us all.  Every child needs to read them.
 I have become a died in the wool Harry Potter fan over the last few years - couldn't wait for the next installment.  As an adult, I appreciated the plot, the twists, and the amazing imagination of the author shown in this newest 6th edition.<br/><br/>What bothers me is that this book is represented as good for ages 6 to 12. Though many of our children have become more sophisticated - many are deluged with scenes of violence on Tv, in the movies, and even in video games - is it a good thing to offer the same violence and duplicity in what is considered, and PROMOTED as, a children's book?  I was planning to read  this installment to my 9 year old grandson.  I will wait a few years to do so...
 Great Book! One gets very addicted to this series!
 This book was amazing that there is so many epic battles in this book but the movie was okay .
 This may not be my favorite book of the series, but I really enjoy getting into Voldemort's mind.  We get to see how he became the Dark Lord, and why he is do difficult to beat.
 This book was the most suspenseful, touching, shocking, and saddest books of series. I teared up a bit while reading it! Definately worth reading (as are the other books in the series. FYI: Many parts in the books do not make it to the films)! I was so completely shocked while reading the last two chapters. The Harry Potter series IS definately worth the hype!!! I can't wait to find out what happens in the next one!
 A good book in the series.  Everyone who has not already read it should enjoy the ride.  This series is the sort which you will want to reread even knowing what will happen.
 It's Harry Potter, they are the classic cultural phenomenon they are for a reason.
 as described
 Bought as a gift
 HP is the best
 This was an excellent book. One of the best Harry Potter reads.
 It was very complex and interesting. I really liked it. - I can't wait to see the movie now. Sloan age 9
 I love this book series and I love reading it from the U.K instead of the U.S publishings. I recommend this book series to EVERYONE! I feel in love with the books, the charactors, I cried many times and Ive read each book over 50 times each. Perfect for anyone. A MUST BUY
 Excellent book from an absolutely outstanding series.
 a good read, especially with elementary age children.
 I am very late to the party on these books, but nonetheless they were such a fun read!
 A perfect book if you are a fan of Harry Potter.  I was glad to see the overall tone of the book was much "lighter" than book 5, and the characters seemed much more like their old selves.  I was only slightly surprised by the demise of... well, to see who it was, read the book.
 The book was a gift I bought for my granddaughter and she loved it.
 Interesting
 Love the whole series! Will always be in a classic forever.
 My wife, daughter and I love the HP series and this book was wonderful and it is part of our collection and we share the story with anyone who wants to read the classic JK Rowling series of Harry Potter
 Four stars for surprising me.  I certainly didn't foresee the plot turns, and found the book enjoyable.  My only quibble?  If you add up everything in the stories, 2 and 2 aren't equalling 4.  I don't want to spoil the story, so I will just say that the character that dies (and everyone knows that is going to happen, right?  It was all anyone was talking about)did not behave in a manner that was consistent with his/her behavior in previous books.  And the lead in to the death was just almost too Deus ex Machina for me.  Someone had to die, so someone who should not have been so foolish and helpless became so.  But having said that, I'll buy and read the next one.
 What can I say? Harry Potter, excellent.
 I am loving all the Harry Potter books.  Looking forward to the new one!
 I always loved this series!
 These books changed my life as a child
 I would recommend this book to anyone. This is one of my favorite series. I gave this book 5 stars because of the greatness of the book. I don't know I just really liked the book. It's magnificent book.
 Love to listen to these while traveling.  The whole series is great!
 Perfect
 Another great book in the Potter series, we grow along with Harry in his adventures of good and evil and growing up.  This book opens more doors into Dumbledore's relationship with Harry and just who he is.  As a Potter fan I usually read each book twice...once when it first comes out and once when the next in the series is about to be released.  J.K. Rowling has another winner.
 I love anything Harry Potter!
 I have read and reread this book so many times. The reader make it feel more alive what is awesome.
 Book was well intact and perfect condition!
 It's a great read.  Couldn't put it down from the first page to the last.
 I love Harry Potter altogether, but I feel this book is where it truly began to get dark.
 It was pretty good but it was not  the first time I had read this book I have read it
 I'm a fan
 Harry Potter is looooooooooove
 Third time of reading.  Still couldnt put it down
 I FOUND THIS ONE TO BE AWFULLY SLOW TO GO ANYWHERE UNTIL THE LAST COUPLE OF CHAPTERS.ALSO HAVE QUESTIONS ABOUT WHY ALBUS DUMBLEDORE WASN'T MORE AWARE OF WHAT SNAPE WAS UP TO.<br/><br/>SOMEONE ALSO DIES IN THIS ONE -WON'T SAY WHO,BUT THINK FANS OF THE SERIES WON'T LIKE IN MUCH.STILL A WORTHWHILE READ,JUST<br/><br/>SLOWER PACED THAN THE PREVIOUS BOOK.<br/><br/>ALSO FELT THAT SHE INCLUDED TOO MUCH IN THIS ONE-DEADLINE PRESSURE PERHAPS?
 This book is not best of the series but it is still very good, I agree that it is a little boring and ends before you can expect it. For me this has only created more anticipation about what is going to happen when the series concludes.  I agree with a commentary I read somewhere that says that Ms. Rowling has written her "Empire Strikes Back".  The book is dark and more mature than the previous five.  I definitely recommend that you read it.  I won't say anything about the plot here because it would ruin your reading experience.
 Come on, it's Harry Potter!
 Great book full of great characters. Makes me want to jump on to the next one! Can't wait to finish this series.
 I loved every minute of this book, even the ones that made me cry. This is my favorite of the Harry Potter novels, for the glimpse it gives into how You-Know-Who came to be, and how to best defeat him. Loved, loved, loved it (all 15 times I've read it!)
 Wow!!!  what a read!..J.K. Rowling just keeps getting better at storytelling. The book is engrossing, entertaining, and answers many questions about Voldemort's past.  The Book is 658 pages long, but is not as dense print wise at Goblet of Fire or Order of the Phoenix. I finished reading it in 7 hours, the previous two books took me a couple days.  Highly recommend it, but do warn parents it is much darker than previous books and addresses teen and adult themes. I do not think children under 10 would understand the violence, the betrayals and the evil very well.
 i don't think i have to say much about this book... everyone on this planet knows about the series i bet! i love the audio books.
 Very good for a used book! Satisfied!
 This book is amazing and beautiful and I LOVE IT.
 Was a gift and I know they loved it
 Grandson loved the book!
 A great series of books, I've really enjoyed rereading them
 ok
 Purchased the series for my Granddaughter for Christmas and she loves them- the hardcovers are nicely illustrated.
 I've read many of the reviews on this site and it appears that HBP is either very loved or very hated by the majority of readers.  I thought it was excellent myself, although I can understand why some did not.  It was VERY different from past books.  I had a bit of a time adjusting to a more confident, less brooding, less angry Harry- I thought that was quite a jump in his character keeping in mind his state of mind at the end of OOTP-which was only 2 weeks before the beginning of this book.<br/><br/>But really, I didn't have any other problems with it.  Many have complained about the romance in this book, but please remember that this is a book about 16 year olds and set that complaint aside.  I grieved at the death, and although I've read many reviews that have crucified Rowling for giving him an "out of character death"  I believe that there is a red herring involved here.  I've come up with my own idea about this, and now have only to wait 2 years or so to see if my theory is correct.<br/><br/>I've read through the book twice now and enjoy it immensely.  Now that my opine has joined the hundreds of other opines on this book, so numerous that mine will probably never be read by another human being, I will quietly sit and wait until the publication of book 7.  Happy reading!
 These books are amazing!
 Great
 This book is takes off at a slower pace than the first 5 in Rowling's series.  The plot thickens towards the latter part of the book and has a shocking event that will leave most Potter fans in tears.  Definitely a worth-while read for those following the series!
 It was really interesting. I would recommend it to anyone that has read the others. It's full of adventure, mistoty, etc.
 I enjoyed selecting this product.  It served my purpose and my immediate needs, it was informative and a perfect gift (to myself or others.).
 One of my favorite. Gripping.  A game changer for the entire series.  A true masterpiece.  Can’t wait to move on to the next one.
 One tape didn't work, but the rest were fine. Good deal
 Wonderful book. I loved it. I could read 5 more books on going on top secret adventures with Dumbledore.
 I hope they make a movie out of this cool story
 Kids loved the book.
 Good
 So wonderful and intriguing. Love it!! My 11 year old son and I have read all the books together. I love his excitement when reading this book and the others. He remembers all the details from the other books and ties them together in this one. Can't thank JK Rowling enough for giving my child the gift of loving to read.
 I loved this book.
 Good book that I'm sure you are anyway aware of if you've read the first five.  Gets more intense in this one.
 Nice book. They say it prepares you for the next one. Unexpected ending. I do recommend it. Yeah yeah yeah.
 Love it!
 "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" by J. K. Rowling<br/>continues Harry's story.  The story is exciting and the<br/>characters are all special.  Thanks for the fast shipping.
 I read the books in high school and I had just borrowed them from my neighbor. When Deathly Hallows Part 1 came to theaters I had wanted to reread all the books plus have them for my collection! So I began to buy them. :]
 Great book, but I bought it used and it was in very poor condition.
 I love the Harry Potter books don't get me wrong.  I ordered this because I'm re-reading the series, although, I did order this one a few days ago, I love that it arrived early. I'm just really, really sad that the cover sleeve was not included. That is all.
 I just received this book and for it being used it was in very good condition.  Very happy with this and can't wait to read it!
 My daughter loves the Harry Potter series. J.K. Rowling's books appeal to kids and adults.
 Just like all the prior Harry Potter Books, this one is a great read. Once you get started  it is hard to put down.<br/>I always marvel over J. K. Rowlings imagination when I read these books. I had read this one when it came out, but since that was 2 years ago I wanted to re-read it before I read The Deathly Hallows, to give the final Chapter in the story of Harry Potter more continuity. Anyway....you can't go wrong with this book or any of the others in this series.
 Few authors have the gift of JK Rowling and can paint a picture with words as she can. Once again she has out done herself in the 6th book. Upon buying the book on CD, I had already purchased the book itself.  However, listening to the book on CD helped me to pick up different details than when I read the book. I highly recommend the CDs as well. The nice thing is that you can listen to them on long trips in your car or at home when working around the house or simply listen to them while folding clothes.  It is a great addition to the hard back book. I can't wait for book 7 and will purchase all of the books on CD eventually.
 Got this for my grandson.  He is a real Harry Potter fan.
 For anyone who has watched the Harry Potter movies know this...the books are a thousand times better then the movie!  I know that's hard to believe but it is true I think all of the books should be read!
 Audio books add another dimension to books you have already enjoyed reading.This is particularly true if performed by a great talent like Jim Dale.You pick up nuances you would only get with a second reading and it is more enjoyable. I fancy I am listening to the great bards of other eras.<br/><br/>I also listen to audio books while I exercise and walk. I find this more effective than music at getting me through my routines.<br/><br/>That said,this is a dark tale fully in keeping with the imagination and good writing of the other Harry Potter stories.<br/><br/>It may become my favorite?
 VG I now know one more of Harry Potter's books; it was an exciting adventure; gave it to my granddaughter who could not put it down once she started reading.
 Love this narrator.  he is brilliant.  Worth it.
 Great books
 Adore this series! The book arrived exactly as expected.
 Absolutely love the series! Great buy for anyone!
 We love listening to the Harry Potter audio books.  It is a great "family" activity.  We'll listen as we are preparing dinner or while everyone is cleaning up their space.  They are also great for long road trips!!!  They are read by Jim Dale and he is just fabulous.  I definitely suggest them.
 A+
 In keeping with the trend started in Chamber of Secrets, Harry Potter continues to travel down his dark course.  It is almost impossible to review The Half Blood Prince with out revealing it two major major questions:  Who is the Half Blood Prince? and Who will Die?.<br/><br/>We continue to doubt Snape, and watch Harry experience a more mature relationship and see him enjoy what may be his last year at Hogworths.<br/><br/>All through the book, you feel a sense of the growing dread and fear in the Wizarding comunity and Hogsworth cannot continue to be a safe haven for the youth of the Wizarding World.<br/><br/>This book is definetly not for the youngest readers, but for all of us that have watched the series mature from book to book, it is a worthy addition to the series and has haunted me since I read it.
 Gift, they were happy...
 An adventure masterpiece!
 I have an unusual perspective on the harry potter series in that i've seent eh movies but never read the books. after seeing the fifth movie, i HAD to read this! it does not disappoint. there is lots of action, the story is enthralling. the characters are great. i'm very much on board for the deathly hallows!!!
 Anything Harry Potter is excellent.
 Love
 It's Harry Potter. That pretty much says it all right there. :)
 Love, love, love the books!  The movie is okay too -- a lot of the details are left out but I guess that has to be expected.
 I agree with the view that we have much more character development. At last. And I concur in the view that this is no longer the sweet, innocent tale of the first two or three books. No longer is it merely Dudders getting a bit of come-upance to Harry's delight. Things have got down and dirty.<br/><br/>One of the reviewers finds the romance aspects to have no history. Yet that is not the way that I have read the series. Actually, I've been rather annoyed at what I saw as JKR's mal-portrayal of early-teen sexual/emotional fumblings. Harry was 11 or 12 until now, when he is 16 working on 17. The romance aspect seemed to me to fall into place as I had expected.<br/><br/>It is true, we see little of the entertaining, day-to-day life at Hogwarts. Still, how many more or better hexes or potions are there to hold the reader's interest? I suppose that is quite arguable on both sides. For a wizard, 17 equals adulthood (witches, too, I presume). Thus Harry needs to become an adult, even though JKR, along with all of us over-40s, realize that 17 year olds (or 18 or 25) still have a lot to learn, both intellectually and emotionally. Harry is not 17 going on 40. He's just a plain 17. Actually, he's not quite 17, given this book, like its predecessors, ends at the beginning of summer, before Harry's birthday.<br/><br/>Wrapping up Harry's war with Voldemort in the next book, which I presume is the plan, is going to have a note of unreality to it (within the universe in which Harry lives). Or it is going to cover more than one year. Harry still has lots to learn to be able to do all that he has set out to do. He doesn't seem to know all the counter-curses and counter-jinxes that the not-so-loyal opposition knows, and he certainly lacks the emotional discipline needed to see it through successfully.<br/><br/>Were it up for voting, I'd vote to send Harry off to Wizards college, maybe even grad school. Let him gain maturity and a wee bit of wisdom.<br/><br/>Of all, I may have enjoyed this the most, or nearly so. That is a most remarkable feat for JKR. She has produced a series of books which, in contrast to most (the Dune series, for example), has not gone stale by the time we get to the third book. But, for me four and five were a bit off the cutting edge of one, two and six.<br/><br/>I suppose it will be another 18 or 24 months before we get to find out how Harry triumphs over Voldemort -- though surely it will not be in a permanent manner. After all, banishing evil from the world is a task unending.<br/><br/>I shall be sad to come to the end of the H.Potter series. I have enjoyed it immensely. But it will be interesting to see where JKR's imagination takes us next.  :-)
 Love it
 Birthday gift.
 Bought for my grandson.  He loves to read.  He read this one for Accelerated Reading at school.  The school library didn't have a copy.
 This was the first book that I read with "large print", and it was so helpful.  I will look for others in the future now that I know they're out there.  On another note, the book was MUCH better than the movie!  Personal opion thrown in!
 Beautiful books
 It's Harry Potter!!
 Read the book some time ago, and watch the movie several times.  The quality was good, and the reader was professional.  The time and the miles slid by under such plesent story
 WARNING: SPOILER -- PLOT IS DISCUSSED! I read this book very quickly, which was surprisingly easy given its length. It felt very formulaic and oddly emotionless to me; even the title doesn't mean very much considering what goes on in the book. What about the Half-Blood Prince? Harry uses his old Potions book; big deal. And then Snape supposedly kills Dumbledore; I don't buy it! My guess is that Snape will turn out to be a good guy after all. Just MHO, of course, but the obvious manipulation of the reader made me snap the book shut at the end with an annoyed, unsatisfied feeling. Rowling has written much better Potter books, especially #'s 3 and 5, while this one felt bloated and caught up in describing tiresome memories, bureaucracy, and puppy love.  Rowling's books are usually good enough to entertain both kids and adults, but this one I fear is just for the young ones. Sigh.
 I loved all the Harry Potter books . The author is great and has an unbelievable imagination .
 All the Potter books are excellent
 An addition to my special Bloomsbury first edition collection.  I've wanted to read the UK editions to track language variations between the UK and US editions, and was able to so in the first four volumes.  This book, however, came sealed in its original wrapping, and I can not bring myself to remove the wrap.  I content myself that I have a feel for the original language after reading the first four volumes!<br/><br/>The seller was fast, concerned that I be pleased, and responsive when I expressed my delight with the book.
 Can’t get enough of this narrator!
 Great product and service!
 Our 4th grader loves every single HP installment and currently enthused with this one !
 The book is in very good condition. The binding hardcover of the book exceeded my expectations. That's why I rated it with 5 points.<br/><br/>In general, I very much enjoy Harry Potter book series. Ending is consoling and revealing as usual, plot fascinating, however, I believe, it is this particular installment from which storytelling becomes more mature and expanded along with adulthood and growth of the main heroes.
 Awesome! Thank you!!!!
 There are many wonderful versions of our beloved Harry Potter books but the UKChildren's versions are a family favorite!  Really great book!
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is the sixth book in the second set of Harry Potter books I have purchased. I enjoyed the series so much I purchase a set for each of our daughters'children even though they are too young to read them. These books should become classics.They encourage kids to read and are entertaining for adults too. One daughter spent many nights reading Harry in bed. Her husband told late callers that she couldn't come to the phone as she was in bed with Harry. She loved the books and we both miss Harry.
 The book was in good shape for the most part. My wife wanted to display it on the bookshelf so it took a little like to take off all of the old library stickers. Other than that the book was in good shape and has all of the pages and the jacket.
 Only took me a few decades to get on the HP train - glad I did. Better late than never
 bought for my grandson, giving it to him for easter
 I love these audio books- great story!
 It's Harry Potter! Everyone knows it's a great series!
 If you haven't read the whole Harry Potter series then a part of your life is missing! These were a childhood favorite, and nothing has changed in the years since. Go ahead and buy the hardback, it's worth the investment :)
 Keep you on edge.  We already saw the movies but still on edge for the whole family.
 My grandson loves all the Harry Potter books, he is 10 years old and I have ordered almost every book for him.
 HALF BLOOD PRINCE, HARD TO PUT DOWN.
 No problems.  Arrived used, decent condition.  No major concerns.  My kids have urged me to read these, so buying used was a nice chance to affordably collect them
 As usual , J. K. Rowling keeps you on the edge of your seat with another episode of Harry Potter's adventures. This was yet another great book in the series although I wasn't too happy with the ending I'm eagerly awaiting the next installment.
 My grandson loves the Harry Potter books, so this were bought as a gift for him.
 Great book! Great condition!
 One of my favorite HP books, I really liked everything about it, the author did a good job with this one. If you haven't read it  you should.
 Great book, and Jim Dale is a wonderful voice reader
 My 13 year old twin nephews love the Harry Potter Books!!
 Book received was in better condition than described!  Very, very pleased!
 My grandson loves it!!
 A new classic great book to add to our collection
 Purchased for my granddaughter for Christmas and she was thriiled.  She's a big Harry Potter fan.
 It was interesting<br/>and funny and sad and suspenseful<br/>It had many different spells and names that do interesting things
 My kids and I loved the book.  Its fun, suspenseful, and quick paced.
 Loved it
 Harry Potter is Amazing and J.K. Rowling can do no wrong!
 I first read this book as a younger child.  It is an amazing book!  In the sixth addition to the Harry Potter series, Harry Potter is faced with some serious choices.  Things are not as they seem to anyone, and many secrets and mysteries are solved, while even more arise.  I bought this book used; I had been looking for some time for a cheap version of it.  Thought the Amazon price is good, I would still suggest buying the book used.  Not only is this cheaper (I purchased it, with shipping, for $4.50), it's also reusing a book that someone else is not going to use (though why anyone would want to get rid of this book, I do not know).  Read, and enjoy!  You will not be disappointed!
 I'm only writing this stupid review be cause a m a z o n ... . . . . . .
 Loved it!
 It was good but not the best in the series. All in all its a good book. A good one in the series
 I don't think we need reviews anymore- everybody knows that these books are exciting and well written. Can't put  'em down- even on the second time around.
 Again, these stories are amazing, but will always leave you wanting more. I would recommend this to any reader of any age.
 Being a spoiler queen since the tender age of fifteen, I know what it's like going into a book, television series, or movie and knowing what's going to happen. For me, those things don't ruin a plot, it simply leaves me hanging on my seat wondering 'when's it going to happen?' That wasn't the case with "The Half-Blood Prince" for me. Perhaps the date snuck up on me and I didn't have the chance to get my spoilers read, or perhaps a part of me just wanted to not know. Whatever the case, at every turn over the course of the past 24-hours, I found my jaw dropping and my mind trying to wrap what was happening to our Golden Trio.<br/><br/>From the get-go in the office of the Muggle Prime Minister, we are flung into a fast moving story that takes the reader from murders of Order Members and inexplicable chaos in London, to Snape's residence outside of Hogwarts, bizarre family unions at the Burrow, a hardly recognizable Diagon Alley, a whirlwind year at Hogwarts, countless Pensieves in Dumbledore's office, a cave over looking an ocean, and finally ending with the (almost) traditional good-byes at the end.<br/><br/>Underused characters in previous books, such as Katie Bell, Dean Thomas, Lavender Brown, Zacharias Smith, and a few new names thrown into the growing mix, are utilized in this book to bring new depth to the plot. But don't think that Rowling neglects her precious recognizable characters. No, we see plenty of the Weasleys (including a house call to the Burrow from Percy), the Gryffindor and Slytherin feud, the professors of Hogwarts, and of course the Golden Trio themselves, Harry, Hermione and Ron who find themselves fully emerced in the hormonal woes of being sixteen.<br/><br/>All in all, "The Half-Blood Prince" was a joy to read. By the last one hundred pages, I found myself racing toward the end, my cheeks damp with tears and my mouth hanging open in utter astonishment. Perhaps I didn't pick up on Rowling's subtle hints throughout the book as some other reviewers did... but I did not see these things coming, as you will soon discover as you read. In the end, I was glad that I had not been spoiled by finding too many things out before hand. And as for the concluding book... well, 2007 can't come fast enough.
 This is just something I had to have as a necessity. And it make life so much simpler. The item is pretty self-explanatory.
 Another great book by J.K Rowling I have not yet been left down by any of the Harry Potter Books
 Really enjoy JK Rowling
 Of course I loved the book. I am a (very) adult muggle who has followed HP since the beginning. Overall, I like Ms Rowling's attention to detail and the richness of the surroundings. In that aspect I think she is very like Dickens. Her writing makes a very rich book, and this is the richest of all. I felt a great WHOMP at the end. I wanted to read more. Immediately! What a powerful ending! Ms. Rowling: Please stay healthy and get that next book out FAST!!<br/><br/>I would say that adults may want to make a quick read of the book before handing it to younger readers. Here, Rowling's style is so easy to read (a big plus!) younger readers will be able to read it, but might be in over their heads. One mother and daughter I know of has the mother read it first so she and her daughter can talk over some of the darker parts.<br/><br/>Another observation I would have for critics who question "witchcraft" or other attitudes in Harry Potter they claim they don't like, I would say that they are all acting as though the Harry Potter series are the only books they will ever read. Books by C.S. Lewis, and even Dickens (for the more persistent), Dahl, all the classics--even the Bible-- should go into the tapestry of childhood and young adulthood. Harry Potter will be among the brightest threads in this tapestry.
 I was so excited when I received my book from Amazon at noon on Saturday.  I have never been disappointed with a Harry Potter book and this one was no exception. This sixth book, actually, was the best one I've read, so far.<br/><br/>This story begins much differently than the others. There are two separate scenes before we meet Harry again at the Dursley's.  Rowling sets the stage for a more somber, more serious story with less comic relief than in past novels.<br/><br/>I'll skip the plotline.  It is a wonderful book, though.  And, by the end of the story, Harry is an adult-- if not by age, than by experience.  He realizes what he must do and gains a sense of maturity and determination he hasn't had in the past.<br/><br/>I am definitely looking forward to book seven, the final chapter.
 better the the movie
 Excellent
 Excellent product
 I bought this brand new, and I am a huge Harry Potter fan. I have all of them on CD and it is great to fall asleep to when your mind is just buzzing.
 3rd time reading it, still great
 good
 I bought the sixth Harry Potter book here in Latvia and devoured it.  I will not say anything about the story line, as I'm sure lots of readers are still working their way through the book, but I would like to make a few observations.  First of all, J.K. Rowling deserves every one of the billion or so pounds that she has earned from the Potter franchise -- she has turned into an absolutely brilliant writer, and "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" bears this out.  Second, I will not be alone in passionately waiting for the seventh book, but also passionately fearing it, because then the story will be over.  I would imagine that Ms Rowling cannot complete the seventh book by Christmas this year, although that would be nice, but I can't wait for it to arrive.  It is likely to be dark and magnificent, because although this sixth book answers a number of questions and resolves a number of mysteries from the previous series, it also leaves several fundamental issues unresolved.  Again I say -- can't wait to find out what happens next.  And finally -- Alan Rickman needs to be careful and not get run over by a bus, because I will eagerly await his performance of Severus Snape in the sixth film.  Won't say another word about why, but I will.  J.K. Rowling, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you -- absolutely brilliant, and lord, what will we Muggles do when you have finished the story?
 Awesome as ever!
 its the best one I carried, I punched my brother for spoilers.  the movie was trash as all of them are
 Read it
 Ive read these books so many times and they are still great.<br/>My kid brother misplaced his so I got him a new copy.
 Even better the second time.
 Good read!
 Great storytelling, it really feels like a calm before the coming storm. If somehow you haven't read this series before, go. Now. Buy the series. If you're a fan of fantasy (and even if you aren't) you're in for a treat.
 Great audio of Ms. Rowling's work. The story kept my interest and the narration was, as always, superb. Recommed highly.
 As a huge fan of the Harry Potter series (I airmailed the first book home to myself after reading it on vacation) I hate to admit it, but this installment was disappointing for me.  Almost entirely expository, this book seems to exist purely as a set-up for the next one.  I don't doubt the necessity of it, the over-all plot has taken a big left turn with the information in THBP, but it feels a bit like the 'jump from platform to platform/get object from Boss' level in a video game - like filler.  Where is the humor, and pardon the intended pun, but where is the magic that was so captivating in the first books in the series?  I read and re-read the early books over and over, and am still moved by them.  Wait for the Cliff Notes, or just read an online blog summary - given the speed at which we've all plowed through this installment, It'll save you at least 4 hours and the effect will unfortunately be similar.
 Good reads from what I hear. Way better then the movies but I think most books are. I was not a big fan of Harry Potter at all. Star Wars is much better.
 One of my favorite Harry Potter books!
 Absolutely a great purchase.  Not a scratch on any disc. Box in excellent condition. Arrived on time.
 I love Harry Potter and the world that JK Rowling created. This book is a treasured keep sake and I must have read it at least 6 times.
 Awesome book!
 Item just as described.  Thank you.
 Reading it for the second time to compare the differences in the movie. Still a great read!
 Always excellent!
 Great book, like all the Harry Potter books. Not sure what else to say about it that isn't spoilery. Hocus pocus!
 THIS series is a hit for our 9 year old grandson. Nice to be able to get them asap. He can't wait for each new book to come out..............
 Good quality granddaughter loves it!
 Good book. Cheap. New. I prefer the hardcover.
 This was a gift for my granddaughter, she loved it and has already read it twice.  Big success with young and old a like in our family!
 I liked the book overall, but remembering all the characters and what they do . I feel isn't easy for an adult let alone a child which is who these books are for.
 In moving some of the books got mis-placed and I wanted to have a complete set once again.  These books are great if you have children visiting.
 It's Harry Potter, of course its awesome!
 This is a pretty nice used copy. Only slightly creased on the spine. No highlighting or bent pages, though. Obviously the novel itself is great (I'm sure you already know that). This was probably my favorite Harry Potter book.
 The story was one of the best stories I have ever read. It is the best Harry Potter book in the series
 Love it
 the book was damaged when arrived
 bought to replace son's original copies. Loves to read and did so much that we needed to replace it.<br/><br/>Thank you
 Loved it
 652 pages, and through 632 of them, Rowling was still at her best.  But the last chapter was extremely disappointing.  She leaves us with something like the cliff-hanger TV programs that end "To Be Continued".  I guess we'll have to wait another two or three years to see what she has in store for us.  I can't fully express my disappointment without disclosing elements of her plot, so I guess you'll just have to read it for yourself.
 Without giving any spoilers away, this is one of the more interesting books in the series, at least to me.
 i love the whole series
 Quality of the CDs was good.  Since I enjoy Harry Potter and I have a 1/2 drive to work, it was worth waiting for.
 Love the Harry potter series and Jim Dale reads it very well. Great audio CD set. Couldn't have asked for better.
 Met my expectations Very happy with tem.
 nice work JK. don't put a spell on me. ;-)
 5-star<br/><br/>Yet another awesome book in the chronicles of Harry Potter. I highly recommend this series to people if they haven't read it yet, especially for people in Jr. High
 I purchased this for my granddaughter who decided to go through the entire Harry Potter collection.  She was not disappointed.
 good quality... fast shipping
 Great Condition.
 Others have summarized the plot of this latest book; so I will content myself with saying that Rowling's writing has improved considerably--or the publisher has finally paid for a good copyeditor.  There are virtually no dangling modifiers for a change, and much less of "Harry's scar burned with pain beyond belief" in all its permutations.  My sense is that the writing has grown along with Harry as he matures--there's a significant improvement between "Phoenix" and this latest book.<br/><br/>I'd rate this book as second to "Prisoner of Azkaban" in depth and reach.
 Had some free time, so I decided to finally read the whole series. While this is not my usual cup of tea, it was still a good read.
 You can't put these books down.
 Love the book and the seller is very accomodating and willing to help when I realized I ordered the wrong copy of the book. Thankyou for the book, it will be enjoyed.
 The beginning promises the same quality as the other books, and somehow it actually does deliver all those plot twists, humor and shocking revelations we have grown so fond of by now.... The greatest question lingering in my mind is: Which side *IS* Snape in?<br/><br/>Still, I can't stop feeling that some of the romantic relationships  are a little forced, and that it all went to reveal that Harry is now on a "video-game like" quest, finding things to defeat the arch-enemy, a cliche I find strange on a Harry Potter book. That, and yes, there *is* spider-man-esque scene.
 This is a great book
 💕💕💕
 love it great condition
 Another great book of a great series.
 The book was at a good price. I needed it quick and it got here quickly. I will watch this site for more books.
 Love this book
 Just as I was wondering where this was in the mail, it showed up in my mailbox!  Excited to read this.  :)
 The books condition is as described.  Perfect for a used book...would buy from again.  Book is awesome.  Very entertaining, thanks!
 Easy to read with the large print
 Great Book. My daughter loves them!!!
 I love this series each book is so amazing with incredible detail!
 I was delighted to get the paperback edition of this book.  As I already had the original hard copy and had re-read it so often that the pages started to come loose.
 This is another best book for my family member.  you might ask if there is more but that is<br/>enough said
 The Harry Potter books are amazing. I never tire of reading them. Such a good story, so well written!
 kind of long but good. definitely read it before you watch the movie or else the movie with influence your own imagination when you read it.
 Excellent! I bought this book twice. It is a wounderful book for young people and better than the last in the series in my opinion. Start with "Harry Potter and The Sourcers Stone" and read them all with your kids. It is a fantastic family activitity when you take turns reading. Encourage literacy and have fun doing it.
 Harry Potter and the half blood Prince is by far the best book in the Harry Potter series. It has everything I look for in a book.
 I am a fan of the series. I have enjoyed the journey. Sad to see it end. Was able to pre-order it. Thank you, Amazon
 The book I got is pretty badly beat up, but I love this series and I'm glad I got a replacement for the book I lost and can reread it again!
 Amazing bookmarks so sad to see it all coming to an end in the near future :/ definitely need to read these to your kids
 It is not all fun and games for Harry any longer (if it ever was).  This book does an excellent job of extending the natural maturity of Harry, and his increasingly clear view that he must depend on himself and his friends to take on the world.<br/><br/>I am in adoration of her series, and eagerly await the seventh.
 All Potter books are great
 Love the series. Read them as a kid. Needed new ones because my husband's copies are a bit ratted from multiple readings.
 Okay so overall I looovvveeeeee Harry Potter. I loved this book - wished the movie had done it justice. Basically what I am saying - Get this book!!!!
 In my opinion, this is the best book of the Harry Potter series.  I love how the plot becomes even more dark and complex.
 Any Harry Potter book is great for my son! He reads them over &amp; over &amp; over!
 good read
 granddaughter read and described these books
 This book was well written, plotted accordingly as well. To tell the truth, it tore my heart out. It made me very happy at many points, filled me with joy. At other times, I wanted to throw the book across the room.
 Who doesn't love Harry Potter? I bought the whole series in hardback because I knew this was a series I would re-read many times.
 Amazing read.
 I read this book in 2 days!  Couldn't put it down.  While being late to all the Potter mania, the entire series hasn't disappointed in the least!
 The Harry Potter series is great for both young and old.  The Deluxe version is a bit more money but well worth it with the artwork, binding, and slip cover.  A great gift for a Harry Potter fan or collector.
 I was terribly disappointed with this book.  After waiting several years and wondering where JK Rowling would go with the story, we were presented with mostly filler via pensieve.  The pensieve storylines in previous books were always a bad literary device (except Snape's extracted memory in OOP).  The mystery of how Harry will defeat Voldemort has deepened and become more complex.  Not only does Harry have to identify 4 more horcruxes and destroy them, he then has to battle Voldemort, apparently alone.  Harry has not learned much new this year, considering the interaction between him and Snape near the end if this book (spoiler) where Snape can easily deflect his spells.  So I believe that Book 7 will need to be more like Homer's Odyssey, where our hero, Harry, breaks away from his predictable life at the tender age of 17, finds these missing pieces of Voldemort's soul, learns some new powerful magic and then dispenses with the Dark Lord.  Wow, and he didn't even learn more than a few new spells this year and won't be returning to Hogwarts next year.  Harry has also not learned how to trust adults, even after losing his godfather last year.  Could he have told Dumbledore about the half Blood Prince?  Why didn't Lupin know his nickname?  Why was the book so old- his mother's?  Why bother, Harry will not be making potions on his way to dispensing with Voldemort.<br/><br/>Also, I missed so many characters and issues from the previous books.  Why didn't the Slytherins ever play Gryffindor?  Where were all the other students during the school year?  Colin Creevey- how can you not have him in the book?  What ever happened related to the mysterious arch where Sirius fell through in the Ministry.  What about the two way mirrors that Harry never used last book- wasn't this critical to the story?<br/><br/>There is no controversy here-only a book of little substance, what felt like leftovers from the other books.<br/><br/>I hope that JK Rowling is preparing a fitting ending to the series, because if Harry doesn't get a whole lot smarter and a lot more trusting, by the end of the 7th book,  he will (and should) be easily dispensed with by the great evil Voldemort.<br/><br/>I would only recommend this book to the fanatic and when reading it to your children, it will require some paraphrasing in order to keep them interested.
 good for my kid
 Like all the books before its a great work.  My entire family (that can read) has read every book (my wife and I listen to them on cd).  My 5 yr old has been harry potter for the past 3 years for holloween.
 One of the best
 Just what I was looking for.
 A perfect copy.  Great price to replace our missing copy.  Kids are re-reading the series.
 Good
 Great condition
 great
 Thank you, Ms. Rowling. Another wonderful Potter story!
 Super
 I read and enjoyed this book.  It wasn't my favorite but well worth reading.  I'm typing in filler words now as I've nothing more to say.
 The book is in perfect condition as we expected. I bought it for my 12 yo kid. She loves it. Would recommend.
 This was a gift for my grandson.  He loves J.K. Rowling's books.
 Buy tissues with this book.
 My great nephew and neighbor loved the books.  Terrific writing.  I hope there's some out there in large print.
 Thank you
 What can one say about the Harry Potter series except that they are all fascinating reading.  J.K. Rowling has an amazing imagination.
 Book is perfect, I just love the design
 Great book!!
 The book was in bad condition when we got it. My husband loves the series, said it was better than the movie
 Best series ever!
 This was a very great book. I loved it very much. The wording was good and it had a nice but sad ending. #ripdumbledore
 a classic
 : )
 Son loves these books
 The book came in a timely fashion, and it looked nearly brand new! Also, the book's plot itself was amazing, and Harry Potter will forever be one of my favorite stories ever.
 what else is there to say?  fun, complex stories, lots of excitement and action, with the good guy winning - yay!
 Harry Potter!  Always good!
 Its Harry Potter...whats left to say
 The series gets better and better with each deposit. I find myself yearning to get back to my book when I'm away from it. Onto the Deathly Hallows!
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Harry-Potter-and-the-Half-Blood-Prince-Book-6/dp/0439785960">Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (Book 6)</a><br/><br/>Great read for us Potter fans!  The book was read by several people in just a few days--we didn't come up for air til it was completed!
 Harry Potter is love
 love the Harry Potter books--probably gave this one as a present back then.
 I'm a huge fan of all the Harry Potter books and even though JK Rawling's writing is exceptional, she's gone too far once again killing off very important people in this young boy's life. Characters that are the very foundation or could have been,it  reminds me of when a television series goes to far in killing off characters and the main character is in constant trauma and it becomes totally unrealistic, this is where JK Rawling is going with this book. It's too bad because her gift was making a fantasy world feel real, I'm sorry to say it's overkill and I feel that she will leave her young fans feeling very empty instead of fulfilled like she did in books 1 through 4. Still a must read but don't get your hopes up she has lost the balance of good and evil. I hope book seven makes up for book six.
 This is one of the best of the Harry Potter series.  Highly recommended and one not to overlook.  Add it to your collection!
 All of us love this. We watch / play / read it often. Item was in condition as expected and there were no troubles with it.
 Are you serious?  It's Harry Potter!  Why wouldn't I give it 5 stars.
 Great book
 u just can't beat harry potter and the author who wrote these books
 I wanted very much to like this book; I am an avid fan of the series.  I read it in one sitting, eager to add to the story.<br/><br/>Sadly, it seems to have been poorly plotted, written in haste, left unpolished, poorly edited, and rushed to the stores.  I wish Ms Rowling had taken longer to produce it and taken more care.  The smooth prose and the precision that have marked most of the earlier books are not evident here; the characters seem to be going through their well-worn paces without genuine passion. We are told that they are studying, learning, growing--but we see little of it reflected in the story.  We are told, over and over, that Harry is obsessed with discovering what Malfoy is up to, but little result comes from this obsession.  The characters do what is necessary to bring the book and Harry to a certain point, but there is little of the ingenuity and sparkle that enlivened even the grimmest moments in the early books.  Much more than necessary of the plot is _told_ to us, rather than being revealed through the actions of the characters; and many characters that we have come to know and value--Neville comes to mind--seem little more than cardboard cutouts here.  The famous death, which should have been an engrossing, tense scene of high drama, was really rather flat and surprisingly unaffecting.  Compare Harry's reaction here to his reaction to another's death in _Goblet of Fire_ to see what I mean.<br/><br/>I would give the series as a whole a full five stars.  But this book needed more work and more action and a good bit less talk.<br/><br/>I'm really rather depressed about it; I anticipated it for so long, and I wanted it to be wonderful; but I can't pretend that it is.<br/><br/>Of course, there is room in the plot now to make the series longer than the projected seven books if she wants to......
 you can never go wrong with harry potter, brilliant!
 that the end has come.......consistently good read.  across the board a well written prose.  kids and grannies alike, love it.
 The books are awesome so i ordered the movies.  This is a great collection and it came with a book jacket.
 Excellent no matter how many times I read it!
 Each of the books get better as the series progresses.  I even got my father to start reading the books.  I still think book 4 was the best
 Excellent reading experience
 awesome
 All I can say is WOW...As soon as I opened the package and started to read, I could scarcely put this one down.  This book is by far the best of the series, and I love how JK writes these teenagers so true to life.  Harry has evolved over the series, as most kids do from age 11 to 16, and you can really see his maturity strengthen in this book.  There's also some good comic relief to divert the reader from the very serious plot that's going on.  I was crying at the end, unable to believe what I had just read.  Another winner, and I can't wait now for book 7.
 I devoured this book from beginning to end. Rowling makes you feel you are accompanying Harry when you are also questioning the behavior of Malfoy, Snape, Dumbledore, even Tonks. I got a lot of surprises from the book. There were events I didn't really imagine would happen. I wished some things had happened differently, but like life, you have just to endure the situations and continue living. I'm thanking Rowling for returning to me the childhood habit of dreaming.
 I purchased this book used from Green Earth Books from the Amazom web-site. I could not be more pleased. This book is like new and was shipped in recycled cardboard. Green Earth did an excellent job and I will certainly use them again and would recommend them to everyone. Besides that I'm reading the book now and it is very good. The whole experience has been excellent.<br/>  jtano1
 Volume 6 in the Harry Potter series is another winner for author J.K. Rowling.  Yes, the story is darker than the previous volumes, but we knew that was coming, now, didn't we?  After all, this is a classic "good vs. evil" story line. Yes, someone dies; I was sad but not surprised at this development.  I eagerly await Volume 7.  I'm giving the entire set to my grandson, who's 8, one book at a time, starting this summer. He's a voracious reader and I think he'll enjoy these as much as I have.
 Love the movie series, this is my first time reading the books and I can't put them down. Looking forward to the last one.
 Love it 🙌 💑 💗 💖 💕 💓 💝 💙 💚 💛 💜 💟 💞 📗 📘 📙 📚 📔 📒 📑 📓 📕 📖 😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀
 I  LOVE HARRY POTTER BOOKS AND THIS ONE WAS  GREAT  AND THE BEST  ENDING...! I RECOMMEND IT ANY ONE  FOR A GOOD READ...!!!!!!!!
 Great
 Harry Potter's fans... my daughters and I!!!!
 So many reviews here, so no use going into details, but this is Rowling's best installment yet! Sure, I miss the whimsy and the fun of the first book - but that was with a 10 year old Harry.<br/><br/>Harry is now 16, close to 17, and this book is more appropriately tuned to his age. As all the Potter books have done, being more maturely written with mature themes as Harry himself matures and grows.<br/><br/>I think Rowling is a master of writing, and esp. of plotting and story-telling. The tapestry of characters, events, and history that she is putting together is positively brilliant.<br/><br/>I can't wait to see how she ties everything together in book 7! Get to writing, JK! We want it next summer!!!<br/><br/>And now, for the review of the CDs:<br/><br/>Jim Dale does another near-perfect reading of a Harry Potter book. As in all the other recordings, Dale hits everything spot on, is clear in enunciation (except just a coupld spots) and brings the text to life.<br/><br/>My only complaint is his breathy, whiny Hermione.<br/><br/>But EVERYTHING else is spot-on in all his recordings.
 Those of you who are familiar with the original two-tone Harry Potter hardcovers will be very disappointed - this hardcover is much smaller, the title/art is actually printed onto the cover (no dust sleeve), the text is much smaller, and the pages are basically printed on thin newspaper. Much more of a mass market hardcover.<br/><br/>This would be fine, except the example photos depict the original, high-quality hardcover, which is not what I received. If I wanted a cheap, low-quality book, I'd buy a paperback. Intentionally misleading.
 It is a Christmas gift for my niece
 stray marks in the pages
 May be our favorite Harry Potter book yet!! My 6 and 8 year old BEG me to read more.
 This installment of the Harry Potter series was very enjoyable.  I couldn't put it down!!  It was well worth the wait and I'm anxiously awaiting Book 7.  Kudos to Amazon.com for such timely delivery.
 Another book in a great series
 Loved this book, but then again I love all the Harry Potters
 Bought this for my son and he loves them and so does his mother.
 Like
 This book was in new condition as described.
 My son's watched all these movies, and now he wants to read the books so he can see what the movies weren't able to capture.
 If you read the first five you might as well read number 6.  Well done JK!
 The finest reads of my kids lives!
 Great condition
 nice
 Love the books ! Great price, fast shipping.
 Part of the final set that I gave my granddaughter- she is a huge fan of Harry Potter and is midway through this book and is loving it.
 Don’t miss this one!
 This is a great series. Great for kids and adults, a fun read that will stay with you forever. Highly recommended.
 awesome
 i would recommend this book to anyone📖📖📖📖📖📖📖📖 also if your a biiiigggggg harry pottenr fan buy this trust me its awsome
 I have always been a non-reader but couldn't put the books down.  Love them.
 This book did not disappoint - the consistency in character through the series has been a joy!
 Though less tiresome than enduring the slow plot and grumbling characters in the first half of The Order of the Phoenix, J.K. Rowling's latest installment lacks sufficient newness to inspire the reader.  By now we are familiar with Hogwarts, the student population, the games.  This reader believes many pages in this sixth book might have been editted out without great loss to the plot and to the advance of the climax.  In defense of the final outcome, we are compelled to want book seven as once more the task before Harry is likely to spell his doom.
 I liked this HarryPotter,movie.100 %
 Looks as good as if I would have gone to Barnes and nobles to get it.
 Im a Harry Potter fan.
 Like all books that were made into movies the book is a lot better than the movie. So much more detail and perspective is given to the characters and plots. I would definitely say that this is the best book in the series.
 Great story.  Loved it.
 Hello...it's Harry Potter! Like anyone gives less than 5 stars for this! Great book. Great series. Great author. For real.
 love it
 For a used copy it was as good as I expected. No complaints.
 my grandson wanted this for his collection.  He has already finished reading it!
 Best Book Series!, Each book keeps you wrapped up in it for hours.
 This is my favorite book in the series!
 "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is unique among the "Harry Potter" series.  While the whole of the series has been at its core a coming-of-age tale, it has been set in a world of fantasy, with J.K Rowling emphasizing the fantasy element.  "The Half-Blood Prince" is a reversal, concentrating on Harry, Ron, and Hermione as they find themselves on the cusp of 17, the age of majority in the wizard-world.  The plot of the novel is tailored more toward growing pains than toward the war against Lord Voldemort.  However, Rowling never lets the reader forget that the pain Harry endures is directly tied to fighting the good fight.<br/><br/>At the beginning of the novel, set just weeks after the end of "The Order of the Phoenix," Harry is still struggling with the death of Sirius Black, his godfather, while aware of the war that has begun in earnest in the wizard world, a war that has spilled over into the Muggle world.  However, Harry soon learns he has little time to grieve, as he is quickly collected by Dumbledore, discovers he passed many of his OWLs, is appointed captain of Gryffindor's quidditch team, and begins certain lessons with Dumbledore himself.  He also discovers an old textbook in his Potions class, full of spells and charms written by a previous owner simply known as "The Half-Blood Prince," and quickly gains a great deal of skill in Potions.<br/><br/>On the personal level, it becomes clear to Harry (as it has been clear to the reader since about book 3) that Ron and Hermione have feelings for each other, as Ron begins a relationship with a fellow student, much to Hermione's chagrin and to Harry's discomfort as he's caught in the middle.  However, Harry himself soon realizes that his feelings for Ron's sister, Ginny, may be more that of a surrogate older brother.  Complicating things further, Harry is suspicious of the behavior of Draco Malfoy, his old enemy, suspicions shared by few.  But most importantly, during his studies with Dumbledore, Harry finally learns the origins of Lord Voldemort, and why he and Voldemort are locked in a death-course that only one can survive.<br/><br/>Rowling has substantially progressed as a writer.  While all the books have been enjoyable and involving, there is a great-deal of emotional depth here.  For example, the reader is hit with the sudden realization that we have effectively watched Harry grow up, and that at the end of this novel, Harry is effectively an adult.  Ron and Hermione have begun to figure out that their feel more than mere friendship for each other, and it makes the reader smile.  Most surprisingly, Rowling actually brings a level of sympathy to her series most overt villains, Draco Malfoy. Malfoy, the snotty little bigoted aristocrat child, is in many ways a pawn, bread to be a snot, and forced into a destiny that he has no real heart to fulfill.<br/><br/>The main emotional impact of this novel is the death of an important character to the series.  It's an open secret by now, I'm sure, but I won't say the name.  I should add that the circumstances of that character's death are such that Rowling could undo it quite plausibly.<br/><br/>The overall story arc of the conflict between Harry and Voldemort is advanced very little.  We have Voldemort's back story, and the means by which Harry will (presumably) destroy Voldemort in the next book.  Indeed, a better title for this novel would have been "Harry Potter and the Legend of Voldemort" or something like that.  The identity of the Half-Blood Prince is never particularly tantalizing, and the revelation of that figure's real identity is basically an anticlimax.  It may be resolved in a more satisfactory way in the next book.<br/><br/>My initial worry when reading this book is that Rowling was simply killing time before bringing the series to its conclusion.  But, as I was reading, I came to suspect that Rowling was deliberately taking a break from her overall story.  In doing so, she brought a new depth of character and emotion to the series, and has created a greater tension for the final novel, wherein Harry, Ron, and Hermione have more than their lives to lose.  Thus, Rowling has done something perhaps more adult than she has done before, and the series will greatly benefit from it.
 As always, these books are fantastic. They will be loved throughout the centuries. Definitely would recommend this paperback edition of the set.
 I bought this in the summer of 2005 and read it in a weekend.  The book is amazing, way better than the movie
 It is in wonderful shape came fast it will finish my daughters collection and she will love it thank you
 Well written and full of what we expect from Ms. Rowling
 i love the harry potter series, even reading it in my mid twenties. they are very descriptive and allow the reader to get involved with the characters
 all good
 Loved it!
 This was a Gift.  The book is excellent and will be passed down to grandkids after it finished by their grandfather.
 love the series
 I think this book is one of my favorites of the series. All are good. This is my second time reading the books.
 Great book!
 Great.
 I like the part where Gandalf dies.
 I love the Harry Potter audio books. Jim Dale is a great narrator. I like to listen to these before I fall asleep at night. I definitely recommend putting the books on an iPod for long car rides or for work.
 Great book
 As expected.....a wonderful book!
 A present for my great-nice, she loved it.
 We didn't buy the Harry Potter books initially because they were so expensive. A few years later, they are selling for an unbeatable price! Love the books. Great price!
 Excellent book.
 Love it.
 Very happy with service and product.
 good book
 I love this book!It is one of my favorites!
 I am happy with what I received.
 No complaints
 Love this series, big fan.  I had the paperbacks but wanted the hardbacks to keep in my Library.I will read them many times before they are passed on.
 love all the books
 You can't go wrong w/J.K. Rowling &amp; HP. As usual, I found myself whisked away into a magical world &amp; following the journey of HP &amp; friends.
 Both the book and Jim Dale the reader are excellent.  This is one book that you can read, or listen to again , and again, and again, ........
 came on time, great gift idea, loved the product, wonderful service, nice to have around when you need good read
 Nice
 When I received th book, and looking it over the book was in good shape with no visible defects. Got my money worth
 I like it.
 I read this book in two days because I couldn't put it down. That's all I have to say the rest you'll have to see for yourself.
 love all the books
 J.K. Rowling is amazing. I never thought in a million years a book could actually make me cry. I just didn't want it to end. Bravo!!!
 Just what I payed for
 Great book loved it. Any one could enjoy this book. 😃😃  Pictures were bad but, not a big deal.(Like really bad) Best book I ever read.
 I absolutely adore the Harry Potter series! If you haven't watched or read it... you MUST! I love it! Wonderful writer!
 I just can't wait to share my love of reading with my daughter
 Hardy Potter has been my favorite series since childhood and even with me knowing what will happen it never gets old
 My family purchased this "book on tape" to entertain ourselves as we drove from Washington to California for Thanksgiving.  My husband needed to catch up with the 11 year old and I before concluding the Harry Potter series.<br/>We have listened to all the Harry Potter cd's, and the series is one of the best books on tape I have ever heard.  Jim Dale does a fabulous job with the voices and carries them over from book to book.<br/>Wonderful entertainment the whole family can enjoy!
 Awesome.  Cant ever go wrong with harry potter. I love this series.  If you haven't read them then get on it
 not sure what the problem is, but several discs will not work properly in my player.  Both Bose and portable CD player are having problems reading several of the discs when other CDs play perfectly.
 I've read all of the 'Potter books numerous times. This installment is my favorite. This book is the paperback version, and I recommend you get one. It travels well, and cleans up easily. Plus it can be used as a conversation started with other Potter fans...
 Great
 Good
 Will be read and re-read and re-read until the cover falls off (hopefully not, though!). The Harry Potter series has to be one of my favorite!
 Bought to complete the collection on daughter's shelf.  Spent plenty of time on hot summer days lying under the trees in the yard reading them with her.
 No body can give sequels quite like J.K. Rowling. Her magical set of words give her an unprecedented advantage over the crowds of readers that faithfully reed and see all the motion pictures. With the half-blood prince the story turns into a much darker scenario and brings about the entire harshness of a war agains Voldemort. Hope you enjoy it as much as I did!
 I bought the book to replace the one I had ad lost. The story is quite good - J. K. is amazing, but I will not talk about that on the review. The thing is, I bought the book on hardcover - it was not expansive and it would ook good... but the pagges look, smell and feel like cheap newspaper. whats the point on having a hardcover book if the pages are not even centered and are brown? I feel I should have bought another version...
 It's been rated/reviewed by many.  It is extrodinary, brilliant and enchanting.  You will lose sleep over this one.  Don't start if you have to work the next day.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book!
 I can not write any thing, as I have not watched them yet. If you will keep reminding , I will rate it  after I watch them.
 The book was wonderful, however the service from Amazon.com was completely dreadful!  Two of these booke were pre-ordered in mid-May to be delivered on the release date, however only one showed up that day.  The other book was three weeks late!  Amazon was contacted daily until the book was finally received.  This was extremely dissatisfying, especially since the book was supposed to be a birthday gift.  Amazon did not follow through with their promise of delivering the book on it's release date if pre-ordered.
 Been a Harry Potter for every, the story is so captivating now as it was when it was first released.
 I have to agree with others here who have said that book six was indeed more lighthearted.  I was hesitant at first, after re-reading book 5 and remembering the betrayal Harry felt at the first of that book.  This one, however, gives the reader a sense of relief, if only briefly, that Harry and his friends will plug on and enjoy happy moments despite the darkness looming around them.<br/><br/>There are funny, if more mature, moments involving all the students-Ron, Hermione, and Ginny providing many of them, and Rowling does not let down her fans in giving them what she knows they want--if, again, only briefly.<br/><br/>As for the important details--Snape's trustworthiness, the Half-Blood Prince, and the ending, which, is a total shocker and fatal blow to the hearts of us all, some questions are answered and some are set-up to be answered in the final, and probably most powerful chapter.<br/><br/>Cheers to Rowling for once again taking us into this magical world and beyond the barriers of "just another book."
 Had no problems. Book was as described and got to me on time.
 Love this series.
 Great book, couldnt put it down.  Read it in 1 sitting. Love this entire series.  Hope to see more books in this series along with other books by this author.
 it was a gift.
 Love this series!
 Dumbledore dies, not cool, even if there was a good reason, and Draco totally wimps out, I found that funny.
 I enjoyed this book very much. What else can I say?
 The book was loose in a large box with other items, so when it arrived, the dust jacket was off of it, and creased a couple of times. And the books rear pages had gotten folded in half from flopping around with the other stuff.
 I am not a fan of the series, but many people in the family are, so they make nice gifts. The delivery was spectacular, and the book was way cheaper than in the stores.
 Book came to me in great condition!
 Nice book. Thank you
 Very nice product  for the  money
 This is the best of an excellent set of books which are the best to  get a young person to start reading and to love reading.  Let us hope there will be more such books.  Our now teenager started enjoying reading with the first Harry Potter.  Well done, J.K. Rowlings!
 Once again Jim Dale does a fantastic job bringing the characters of J.K. Rowling to life in this recorded reading of Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.  This is a book well worth reading or listening to (the prefered method in my family).  My grandchildren love to read along as they hear Jim Dale artistically bring the story to life.  An execllent choice for all Harry Potter fans!
 I am almost half-way through the book, but it is more gripping than the last ones!  Cannot wait to get to the end!
 I enjoyed whole series.
 Brought it as a christmas gift... I love it when I read it years ago and hope the recipient will too!
 Great price! Received quickly. Good quality.
 Amazing. Definitely worth the read.
 I love this series. Deeply devoted to the characters, and appreciative of Rowling's gifts. But this book is the weakest yet. It does advance the plot, filling in some gaps and taking us to the next level, but something seems, well, just off here. 1) Poorly developed plot points. First, Dumbledore suddenly takes Harry into his total confidence, making him sort of a super-order-of-the-phoenix-freedom fighter. The change of heart (AD was typically more protective) is not adequately explained.  The death of a minor character with an important job in the wizarding world is given short shrift. Major effort to cram in catch-up with lots of characters with 2 to 3 sentences each. Not very successful.<br/><br/>2) Teenage romance unconvincing. Okay, I know this is supposed to be G to PG rated stuff. But this is so dull as to be unbelievable. There is a fair amount of disturbing death in the book, but the romantic angles are formulaic and dull.<br/><br/>3)Get thee to an editor. Rowling's publishing houses seem to have given up editing. (Blokes will buy it anyway, why spend the time?). Of all the books, even the Mammoth Book IV, this one is most in need of an editor. By way of example, there are many trips into the penseive, and each time the entrance is described in what feels like too much detail (and the same detail at that). Enough aleady.<br/><br/>On the other hand, existing characters, and some of the supporting ones, are nicely moved along or filled in. And some of the more peripheral school stuff, like Quidditch, which we now know enough about and need not know any more, are in fact less present.<br/><br/>For those of you worried about deaths, there are a few. The only major one comes among liberally sprinkled hints that it may not be a totally done deal. Most troubling, I read the ending as a way for Rowling to opt into books beyond the much-promised No. 7. The foreshadowing is there for at least a Volume 8.  If we get one, I hope it is better than this.<br/><br/>Read it anyway, it's better than most of the crap available.
 I am a Harry Potter fan. This continutes to pull all elements of the story together.  It is about the freedom to make choices and where a persons heart is. Great read.
 loved it
 It was came in earlier than expected and is in a very good condition. I'm collecting all Harry Potter series. This is a great book to read. Amazon had every book cheaper - instead of buying the whole book 1-7 set. I love it.
 I love all the Harry Potter books! Great for 3rd/4th grade level readers who are ready for a story line a bit longer.
 The first five books were so exciting I can't wait to start book 6.  They are filled with fun and adventure!
 Of course no translation is going to be perfect, so if you've read the originals of this series you'll notice the difference in the Arabic version (shorter descriptions or changes when there's no Arabic-equivalent). Still, the series is a great way to further develop your Arabic skills beyond reading the traditional, non-fiction sources available. Another nice thing is that the books become progressively more difficult, so if you start with the first in the series you can gradually develop your vocabulary along the way.
 Granddaughter loves these books
 My favorite HP book, excellent condition, would recommend.
 This was my favorite of all seven of the series because of the fantastic setup for the conclusions in the finale.
 Great series!
 Quick delivery.
 The latest installment of the Potter series is just as tightly written as its predecessors!  I sat down with the book in the afternoon to "get through a few chapters" and finally finished it around 3am.  It's not the happiest book I ever read, but no one ever promised that good literature might not be a tad painful.<br/><br/>Toward the end of the book, I almost started to complain about how pig-headed Harry is becoming, when I looked at my own 16 yr old.  Then I thought back on how I used to be... J K Rowlings definitely got it right  :)<br/><br/>Only one more book to go... I can't begin to imagine how she will wrap it all up.  But I am already looking forward to it.<br/><br/>Bottom line:  as usual an excellent book.  A little more somber in places than her previous books, but still a heart grabber and a page turner!<br/><br/>C. S. Lewis would be proud.
 excellent
 My grandson enjoyed it!
 Love this series of books
 One of my favorites in the series so far...
 Very good read.
 This book was absolutely wonderful. Keeps readers on the edge of their seat and sets up the final novel perfectly.
 It was in great shape and my granddaughter was very happy.
 This book and book 3 are my favorites! I love it I'm done with the series again and I'm so sad I don't know what to do with my life!
 One of the best of the series.
 what a great series. the book was in great condition
 Amazing as always!!
 This book was truly amazing!  I have never read such a detailed and interesting story!  This is definitely my favorite book ever!
 A used book in really excellent condition until reaching 3 missing pages near then end, which could not be recognized from the top or bottom of the book.  Seller is working very nicely with me to obtain copies of the missing pages from another copy of the book.
 I will read them to my kids when I have a family!
 Love this book so much!  A great book for kids and adults alike.
 I don't think it's really necessary to say that J.K. Rowling's writing is absolutely fantastic! Every fan of the Harry Potter Saga knows what I mean :-))
 Happy to get them
 I purchased this CD collection and downloaded it onto my IPod, it is so cool! I listen while I take my morning walk. I love all the different voice impressions Jim Daly provides. He is incredible! It makes taking a walk every morning a real joy, I look forward to it instead of dreading it. The man has a real talent for voice overs! The story is also just as exciting, sometimes I continue to listen after I have finished walking!
 Book cover somewhat "distressed."  Highlighter on back cover and some folds in cover.  Thought the book was "new."<br/>Inside seemed to be okay.
 JK Rowling did such an amazing job developing these books, characters, plot, etc. I can't wait to read the 7th!
 Item arrived early and just as described.  Worth it.
 Why cant you just click the number of stars and be done? Most of time I do not want to go into detail.
 another great installment of Harry Potter and his friends.  An easy read that keeps you moving on to the next chapter.
 Great book,loved listening, got attached to all Potter characters. Jim Dale who read all the stories is awesome. Start at the beginning and read or listen to them all. UNABRIDGED only, you don't want to miss a word of JK Rowling's writing.
 I love this set. The hardcover and artwork are a perfect complement to an engaging story. My children loved looking at the chapter pictures when I read this story to them.
 epic witchcraft
 Great book.
 Yes, Yes, Yes
 I was the best aunt in the world when I presented my niece with these.  She's quite the reader and loved them.
 I am a very avid Harry Potter reader and listener of Jim Dale.  You should not hesitate to order the audio cds because you will not be disappointed.  In the HPB Jim received a guiness book record for most voices used for an audio book(134)!!!  I've listened to this now twice and I'm planning on purchasing the 7th book and audio cd.  Enjoy!
 happy
 Exactly what I needed!
 I love all of the Harry Potter books and movies.. It is a great series!
 All the Harry Potter books are really good and great to read. I'm still on book 7, but this has been my favorite so far.
 Great condition. Pleasantly surprised.
 I collected each HP hardback US edition as they published to keep as treasured family favorites.  Unfortuately for our HP6, my son misplaced our copy and I began searching for a replacement.  I was pleased the seller had the hardback edition, in great condition, and for a very reasonable cost.  The seller is concientious packing my book with care and sending it to me promptly.  I got just what I was hoping for and in a prompt manner.  Thanks!
 Gift
 I loved the last book, but I think this one may even top that. I'd give it 5 1/2 stars. Can't wait for the next book. Even though it's the last in a great series.
 Daughters loved it!
 timely and as described
 This book has great characters and a terrific story that continues the wonderful saga of Harry Potter and his friends and teachers.
 ok
 as advertised and delivery as stated
 This was ages ago and I guess I liked it
 Great read
 While The Half-Blood Prince isn't the best book in the series, it offers some fascinating insight into the relationship that Dumbledore and Harry shared over the years. It's the perfect prequel to The Deathly Hallows. The ending won't come to a surprise to anybody if they've watched the movies, or if they've heard about it through a friend. You could probably even predict it on your own before you read it.<br/><br/>With that said, the book shouldn't be heavily compared to the other books in the series. It's hardly a mystery, and the only intriguing plot sequences in the main story are the memories of Tom Riddle. That's when you know that a Harry Potter book is definitely lacking something. I think that Rowling wrote this one thinking that she was running out of stockpiles of things to throw at people. It just lacked so much innovation, creativity, and structure. The Harry x Ginny sideplot was ridiculous and unnecessary, and the lack of important sideplots was infuriating. I know that both the GoF and the OoTF both had somewhat excessive backstories, but they were all very satisfying to read. For me, it helped improve the plot of the main story.<br/><br/>Rowling should have also pursued adding more detail to Malfoy and Harry's story arc. It felt extremely half-assed. I expected this book to be so much better from than that. I'm genuinely disappointed.
 Described
 great reading
 I think I agree with the reviewer who said that Goblet Of Fire was the hight point of the series, after that it has been sort of spiraling downwards.<br/><br/>Harry does not get help and advice from his friends as much as he used to and probably Ms. Rowling does not realize it, but that is what made the books so much interesting. Remember the rush to figure out the clues to the compitions in Goblet of Fire and solving the puzzles in Chamber of Secret ?  Nothing like that happens in this book. It rambles on and on about the love life and romantic interests  of Ron and Harry and Tonk and Bill and for one incredible moment Filch ! Nothing happens at Hogwarts, or anywhere for that matter, through out the wholebook, except the end.<br/><br/> Just as Harry screamed his way through the fifth book, he bumbles his way through this one. None, and I mean NONE of the characters get any attention from Ms. Rowling in this book. No chracater gets developed. If anything they appear dumbed-down , even or should I say specially Dumbledore.  I think it is always a bad sign when the writer has to keep repeating how "prodigiously skillful" their character is, without showing any evidence for it.<br/><br/>Book is not bad. But it is not in the same league as the first four books and frankly Ms. Rowling's blood-lust is starting to bother me...
 All the Potter books are grand!
 I am an avid lover of the Harry Potter franchise. That said, this review should be taken as product quality.<br/><br/>The book was bought used and with the exception of crease lines on the spine, is flawless. It looks brand new and looks as if it has only been read once. I received the product by the estimated delivery date. I had no problems and fully recommend using this outlet.
 great book
 good times
 Loved it like all the Harry Potter books!
 it was a good buy, low cost, bought it used cause i knew i was only going to read them once.
 Great gift for my grandson.
 Great read
 we love this book
 This was a gift.  No complaints.
 Fantastic to have as a digital book. Word my paper version out
 Great gift
 love Harry
 great story read by a great reader!!
 It was in good condition.  Thanks
 harry potter fan, loved it
 as stated
 What a GREAT book.  It brings many "loose ends" together.  As usual J. K Rowling has used her talent of "painting" a great picture to make us feel and see Harry for the talented young man he  is.<br/><br/>  He could be any young man that thinks he is ordinary, but no young man is ordinary and is one of a kind.  She also show us how powerful love is in the world.<br/><br/>  Thank you, Ms Rowling, giving us a great book!!<br/><br/>Mary Higginbotham<br/><br/>Concord, CA
 Can't wait to read the next one! It was such a fast read, I really couldn't put it down at all.
 Fabulous
 I ordered this book from the Warehouse deals, and worried there would be more damage than was disclosed. I was very impressed when I received this book and it was very good condition.
 Since the Sorcerers Stone I think this is the most exiting installment to the Harry Potter story.  There was some real growth in some of the characters.  The story as a whole had good pacing and plenty of dramatic moments.  I definatley recomend this Harry Potter book.
 As I have read each book, from first year to the sixth, I have noticed that the subject content of the books matures with the characters. This book continues that theme. This book is darker than any that have come before it.  Harry's instincts are once again right on the money.<br/><br/>Although the book is dark, there are lights flickering in the darkness.  Love, friendship, loyalty.  Since we already know all about Harry and his past, this book gives us a look into the past of his arch enemy.  This knowledge will lead to Harry finding the secret to fufilling his destiny.<br/><br/>This book is extremely sad, but it intensifies how important that Voldemort be dstroyed forever.<br/><br/>Great book!
 Great best book ever sooo<br/>Good you must read it because it us so so so so SL so good
 Grandson loves this book
 It is very well written and so much was left out in the movie.  You really learn a lot more about Harry.
 Let me first state I love the harry potter series. Every book up until this one I felt got better and better. I enjoyed the character development in this book. But, I felt it was a little dragged out. The first chapter I feel was unnecessary(unless this ties into the 7th book). I felt a little robbed because so much time was spend on the PM. I enjoyed the developing relationships between the various characters. The mood was a little dark in the book( which I guess is understandable with the series wrapping up). I would have enjoyed a few more humorious monents like in the last book when the weasley twins left school. I was truly sadden at the tragic turn of events. The ending is definately leaving me wanting more.
 I loved the whole series.
 Wonderful!
 My boy enjoy it
 my son loved it
 Cheap Cheap price. Best way to buy books. Saved so much money.  Recommend buying all books this way. THanks alot.
 Hubby was very pleased with the book on CD. Being a truck driver it helped pass the miles. Having heard the books on CD he now understands how much we enjoyed reading the books.
 I am 50 and have read all the Harry Potter books... they keep getting better and better.. when I am not reading the book, I miss the characters.. they are like family!! keep a box of tissues for the ending....am anticipating the last book and wondering how she will write it!!
 This might have been the best of six read so far. We'll see after we finish number 7.  Great book.
 Just as described, thanks!
 My nephew loved it
 Couldn't put this book down! So good! Would recommend to anyone from teenager to adult as I am 29. Can't wait to read the next.
 Love, love, love them.  Well made, thick cushiony straps, sturdy. Highly recommend
 Love Harry Potter
 love these books
 What can I say Harry Potter is awesome, and Jim Dale is an extraordinary reader or narrator. pretty dang good!
 Have always loved the Harry Potter Universe.  I wish companies would go back to the casette format and improve upon it.  I love the idea of stopping and then picking up where you left off.
 it's HP obviously its great.
 Of the 7, I like this one best. Less elfs and Dobby garbage, a lot of potions and magic.
 Awesome
 Great book.
 Loved it . I am sad about what happened. But it's definitely one of the best. I think the author could have<br/>done better on the ending though.
 Still an exciting book. Problem with the format for Kindle. I like to use the Kindle app on my iPad. But it cuts off the page if you try to read it sideways.
 good
 One corner was wrinkled up, like it had been dropped!
 First rate ...
 I have read this book from cover to cover twice and will soon start on a third time. It's almost impossible to put down and makes you want the 7th book to not be the last.
 Harry Potter books are just good reads.  I love them.
 good
 Always love me some Harry Potter!
 Love Potter!!
 An amazing read that is sure to tug at your heart strings. Heart- breakingly brilliant. Another great installment in the Harry Potter series.
 the book was a great gift idea. I liked the pricing of it and I would recommend it to others
 Love Harry
 My grandson who is in second grade this year. But reading at a fifth grade level really enjoys them.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is a book I could not put down.  I read it in 2 settings.  The plot is absolutely amazing.  The characters come alive with the outstanding use of descriptive words.  Ms. Rowling certainly knows how to intertwine plots and subplots to come to a fantastic conclusion that is positively magnicicent.
 Birthday present.
 Thank You!!!!
 The best novels for everybody who want to escape to another magical world 🤓🤓🤓
 The book was in good condition except someone put tape to hold the outside cover down.  Of course I didn't want it there so I tried to take it off.  It tore my cover and the inside of the book.  If you want this book find someone else to buy it from because I paid for a new book not one with tape in it.
 Must read this book! A magical story about magical people. Recommended for all ages who enjoy great works of fiction. Please read.
 By far one of my favorites of the series maybe the best! So much better than the movie! Cannot wait to finish the last book .
 Love my HP books
 Great book even if it did have a very sad ending.  This was probably my second favorite of all the books in the series.
 I have read and watched all of the Harry Potter books and DVD's. Each one has been as good as the next. I was sad to see the last book because I wanted to keep reading about Harry, Ron and Hermione.
 Love this series. Amazon had fast delivery.
 read this book 3 times, it was wonderful to hear the voice I have come to know, Jim Dale, tell this tale in the only way he can.  Highly recommend this audio book.
 This was a gift and my Grand son loved it and is very happy with his library he is building
 This is my favorite book in the series. It's the calm before the storm but everything is just wonderful. I've lost track of how many times I've read it.
 A+A+A+ Thanks!!!
 The best review I can say for this book is watching my video game playing son to ignore them and want to stay up late because he kept wanted to know what was going to happen next.<br/><br/>This book is darker than previous ones but truthfully I think it suits the story. Harry is finally starting to feel more comfortable in his skin and yet there is always intrique and mystery around the corner or up a staircase.
 ❤️❤️❤️
 I love Harry Potter.
 Love here books.
 Every thing was great thanks
 Great book. Although the end is heartbreaking.
 Awesome!
 I love the Harry Potter books, but they do seem to keep getting darker and darker. I thought I had this one all figured out, but, of course, it didn't turn out that way. The first couple of books were great for children, but I think they are beginning to get away from this audience. I would highly reccommend this for teen readers and older. I cringe to think what can happen in the next volume, but I definitely won't miss it!
 This book was wonderful...<br/><br/>I laughed.<br/><br/>I cried.<br/><br/>I was saddened by the ending, as one of my favorite characters died (or so it seems). Will J.K. follow in the footsteps of Tolkien and Lewis, or will she forge a brave new path, with heroes who are laid buried, stay buried?<br/><br/>Now - if I can just figure out:<br/><br/>Should I be jealous or pleased that I have to wait years for #7 while my grandchildren will be able to read it right away?<br/><br/>Take time with your children, J.K. They grow up too fast, and (as much as I hate to say it) we can wait for #7.
 Lots of fun to read the entire series one right after the other.  The little things that you may have forgotten when the books first came out don't get missed the second time through.
 I love this book so much!!! Amazon did a nice job bringing it to your self phone :)) I would recommend the series to anyone!!!
 By far the best Harry Potter book of the entire 7 book series.  I wish the final book could have matched the great adventure that was expressed in this one.
 I had seen the movie before reading this book... but the movie does not do the book justice on how the relationship between Harry and Dumbeldore developed through the course of this story. Great book! Can't wait to read the last one!!!!
 Loved this one! Constant suspense and a lot of info into Voldemort's character from childhood to adulthood. Great read!
 Excellent
 Gift.
 1. The product details for the kindle edition are incorrect: the X-ray feature disabled.<br/>2. The synchronization option disabled for this book too.
 I had read the book previously and ordered the cd for my 8-1/2 year old son.  As it turned out, I enjoyed it more than he did.  Now, that I've listened to the entire book, I continue to play the cds over and over at night because I find Jim Dale's voice to be soothing.  As a matter of fact, I ordered The Order of the Phoenix on audio cd today as well as pre order The Deathly Hallows.  Can't wait to read and listen to both!
 This will always be a classic.
 For those with a busy life and or much time traveling. We have book parties with the grandchildren. More than one has picked up a book after listening,
 Great! Book was in great condition when I received it!
 Great book!
 Great buy
 This book will always have a special place in my heart.
 J. K. Rowling is even more masterful than most people are aware. From the first page, she gives the reader information that will not be seen until several books later... in several cases, not until the seventh book. On top of that, she weaves this world together with finely crafted writing that peels off in layer upon layer of cleverness. Each book alters and morphs the story in unexpected ways. By the last book, it turns out that on the most important issues, every thing that you thought you knew was wrong. And Whammo! Rowling surprises you again with her thoughtful, heartfelt tale.
 This is a great book, I mean a very good story. You better buy the hard cover edition instead, it will be worth the expense.
 In my opinion this book was very well written.  While it is a bit sad in the end, the series is coming to an end, as everyone knows, so of course it is a bit more "mean".<br/><br/>I don't agree that it is geared toward adults. I think it is geared toward the same audience that the series has always been geared toward, "everyone" ;)  While there is a kind of "meanness" in the book, that should be expected as Harry gets older.<br/><br/>If you are a fan of the Harry Potter books you will love this book as well.
 Perfect condition!
 This book really helps to understand where does Lord V comes from and how is Harry and he related.  Definetely a good reading for anyone who loves Harry Potter
 A+++++++++++
 Love the classics!
 Great book.
 came as stated, fast shipment, thanks
 A perfect lead up to the end of the series with some world shattering events happening to the main characters.
 Perfect condition
 My husband is an avid Harry Potter fan.  He has read all the books and seen (and owns) all the movies. He read this book in about 4 days.  It is large book and he works full-time.  At home, he was addicted to it.  That said, I don't think I need to say anything else - other than he loved it, as he does all the others.
 It's Harry Potter and I've loved every book in this series.  There's not much I can add to what's already been written.
 Wonderful book! I am a huge fan of all of these novels and am purchasing the paperback for my niece to begin her reading adventures!
 great read
 Harry Potter. Need I say more.  Great series.
 Looks beautiful!
 I purchased the book for my grandson along with several others . He loves the series, as most young people do/did.
 This selection was a gift, and the recipient was overjoyed!
 Every Harry Potter book I have read has been fantastic.
 The book is okay but certainly was not as described. The seller described the book as being used in very good condition but when it arrived many pages were bent and there was writing on and inside the book. I can still use the book but the description was not accurate.
 The book I received was not Scholastic issue. The book size was smaller with different artwork than the Scholastic issue books . So it's a third the size of the rest of my series and I will have to buy another copy of this book. Not what I expected at all.
 none
 My favorite of the series.
 😊
 I love all the  Harry Potter. I plan pin getting all 7 books.
 i payed less than a dolor so i dont expect much, but it came with out a cover which is disapointing because the picture showed it with a cover, i mean its really not a big deal, but the false advertising was a little disapointing
 Great book.
 This is one of my most favorite Harry Potter books.
 C'mon really? Everyone loves Harry Potter....if you haven't read the books,you should
 I would recommend reading this book rather than watching the movies especially young but mature readers.  It's a great chance to show how the movies cannot show everything a book has to offer.
 Jim Dale is such a good narrator. Even though I read the book, I had to get the Audio CD. I don't know how he was found to do this narration but he is one of the best. I'm going to buy the first four audio cd sets. Now, I actually can enjoy a traffic jam in Southern California.
 Fast shipping.  Just as described!
 Such a wonderful tool! Thank you!
 I personally found this to be the most interesting of all the Harry Potter books thus far. It gives you a lot of background on some of the major characters, and you definitely begin to see each character coming into their own. Also, there are alot of twists and turns that keep you glued to it's pages, and the ending is a shocker (I finished the book at 3 in the morning after hours of non-stop reading taking only a few breaks). What is the greatest thing (I think anyway) about this book is that even though you get plenty of answers, it also leaves you with even more questions!! I loved it even more the second and third time I read through it, and am now eagerly awaiting the seventh and final book!
 Great job
 J.K. Rowling is very consistent with her excellent writing. I felt this book was a bit more cheerful than the last. Even though a pretty bad thing happens in the end... Rowling has a way of making it doable and not devasting. Highly recommended.
 I love all the characters and the story
 Have you seen the movies? Compared to the books they are crap. This is possibly my favorite book of the Harry Potter series. If you are a fan then you must read this book.
 Ordered for daughter who is a big fan. Arrived on time.
 Good story and well written. Cannot wait for the 8th book
 I was so relieved that Ms. Rowling continued to write in her typical manner without all the hype from the movies, etc, changing her essence and style.  I truly liked this story and the development of the characters.
 Love the series
 Looks practically new! Came super fast! No issues at all! Thx!
 OK, that's a little harsh.  But I'm not really sure that the identity -- let alone the existence -- of the Half-Blood Prince has ANYTHING to do with...well, anything.  Rowling could have exised the whole sub-plot of the Prince and the story would not have changed one iota.  I was expecting the identity of the Prince to be a mystery that, when revealed, would unlock the key to Book 6.  Instead, it comes quickly at the end, not from Harry figuring anything out, but by the Prince simply exposing himself.  And, unfortunately, it was pretty obvious who he was going to turn out to be anyway.  I miss the mysteries and events that have propelled previous books: Who's trying to steal the Sorcerer's Stone?; What is the Chamber of Secrets, and who has opened it?; Sirius Black's escape from Azkaban; The Tri-Wizard Tournament. There was no prevailing "event" to Book 5, which, as far as I'm concerned, should have been called "Harry Potter and the Lost Prophecy" in keeping with what the book was actually about. And there is certainly no prevailing "event" to Book 6, which should have been called "Harry Potter and the --"  Well, I don't know, cause I'm not sure WHAT it's about.<br/><br/>That's not to say there aren't some wonderful moments in the book.  Rowling's characters and vibrant imagination are always pleasurable company, even as things in her world have become much, much darker.  Chapter One is vintage Rowling (very amusing), and there's a revelation about the Defense Against the Dark Arts position that will send chills down your spine.  The scene in which Harry obtains Slughorn's true memory is poignantly bittersweet, and the "horcrux" is a thrilling new invention and challenge for Harry.  But I cannot wrap my head around the book's finale.  Not the shocking death, which was probably inevitable, but Snape's betrayal.  Having set it up in Chapter 2, I was sure Rowling would have spun it somehow NOT to be true.<br/><br/>My theory is this: That it was Dumbledore (having taken Polyjuice Potion) that made the Unbreakable Vow with Narcissa Malfoy.  (Hence the burnt hand he tells Harry he received while locating a horcrux.)  And in agreeing to fulfill Draco's task should he be unable to do so, Dumbledore is, in a sense, agreeing to commit suicide.  So this is what Hagrid overhears Snape and Dumbledore arguing about: Dumbledore (being a marked man either way) has enlisted Snape to kill him should he convince Draco not to -- and that's exactly what takes place on top of the astronomy tower.
 Definitely more an adult book.  Very realistic in time passing!
 It was cool.. not my favorite
 Love to check out the subtle differences between the American version and the British version.  This one does not disappoint.
 I really enjoyed this book - more than some of the others.  In fact, reading a summary of Goblet of Fire, I suspect I never even finished that book!  The Half-Blood Prince starts out rather slowly, and the interaction with the Muggle Prime Minister is pointless as the Prime Minister is introduced but is never brought into the rest of the story.  That could have been omitted entirely without hurting the rest of the book, and probably should have been.<br/><br/>If the author plans to kill off someone in the next book, I hope she doesn't give any suggestion about it beforehand.  I wasn't surprised at who was killed, rather expected it since we had been warned someone significant would die.  Also, I thought the identity of the Half-blood Prince should have involved more than just a pun on the name Prince.  That revelation was something of an anticlimax.<br/><br/>Otherwise, what a good story - a pity I have finished it and don't have it to look forward to any more.
 It's readable and that's what's important. It didn't come with a cover and there were scratches and stains. But overall okay.
 this is a book. I dont read books. this was a good one.
 Great book!
 It was a wonderful book that was very exciting.  The worst part was the sad ending(I won't give it away).  I just can't wait for the next one.  J. K. Rowling really makes you care for everyone in the book.  Keep up the great work
 ok
 very happy with purchase.
 great, loved it. want to be a wizard.
 Book arrived as described. Timely shipping.
 Great book!
 Love it
 I read the latest Harry Potter installment in under 6 hours--J K Rowling has certainly not lost her touch! The book is captivating and heart-warming, in places laugh-out-loud funny, and in others sad enough to bring tears. Some important questions are answered, but as always, more have arisen by the end. HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommended! However, if you have not yet read any of the HP series, do yourself a favor and start at Book 1. You won't regret it!
 I purchased this as a gift for my son...for the third time.  Obviously he loves this series.  Always a winner for him!
 Bought this for my oldest son, he just HAD to have it for his collection.  ;/  Fast delivery, no problems.
 I was very disappointed in this book. While the important plot points were covered, there were none of the 'extras', or detail, that make the other books so entertaining, mysterious, or magical. It's hard to believe that it is part of the same series as the other books, written by tht same author. There are few crystal clear descriptions, no interesting subplots, etc. I just didn't feel like I was in a magical world. In short, this book had none of the 'magic' of the other books. I felt as if JKR had cut out everything that did not take the reader straight to the end. To me the book seemed almost completely unadorned, just a straight 'one track' to the end. As if she had a story to tell and told it, without trying to make it magical, fantastic, or even interesting. The extra 'color' added alot to the other books in my opinion. In fact, I think that the same end could been accomplished in a few chapters or a section of a more detailed and more interesting book. I know that there were complaints that some of the other books were overly long, but I think this was an overreaction to those criticisms. I don't think this book would encourage new readers to go back and read the whole series. The only reason I finished it was that I had looked forward to it for so long, and that I expect (hope) that I will enjoy the 7th book more. There were some interesting and important plot points reached in this book, but the build up of excitement, tension, suspense etc., just wasn't there. It would be very hard to care much about Harry, Ron and Hermione based on this book alone. Also, the teenage romance issues came across as just pointless. You don't get the real sense of the difficulty of becoming adults or real teen perspective. Even Harry's 'romance' did not seem to have much point, and it came out of almost nowhere. JKR's writing in this area is just not convincing, and she probably should focus more on the things she has done so well in the other stories. I'm glad I read this book because it provided preparation for the next book, but little else.
 I can say nothing bad about Harry Potter.  You can't go wrong buying any of the books in the series.
 AWESOME BOOK. Also great quality in terms of the materials used.
 Absolutely loved this book.
 The 6th installment of JK Rowling's 7 book series is a must read. Harry and the gang are on the threshold of adulthood, and the plot has definately thickened. Without revealing too much of this nail-biting page turner, I must warn you to expect the unexpected. If Ms. Rowling is contemplating a move to an adult series of books, then she most certainly will have me as a ready and waiting reader.
 This book is engaging and well worth the wait!  Harry becomes a little more defined in every book.  The books is well written and does a great job of reviewing other events that happened previously.  Any child as well as adult would enjoy these books.  They are filled with imagination and great characters.
 I'm a huge Potter fan and wasn't disappointed with this installment.  I love the whole Harry Potter series of book.
 Love Rowling's style.
 I bought the book, but it had no cover art. Not wanting to return it, I emailed asking what I could do to get it. They unfortunately didn't have it, but refunded my money with out me even asking.
 great books
 Whether or not you like this book will most likely depend on your answer to this question: do you like HP books because of their characteristic ability to keep you reading through the night because you just have to read "one more chapter?" or is it their refreshing nature as a "children's book?" If you answered the former, this book will definitely keep you up all night, since it is similarly organized to HP 4 and 5, where there is a lot of seemingly unimportant, but intense action that all seems to untangle into a coherent mass as the book progresses. However, if, like me, you like to read HP because it transports you into a magical world where surely nothing worse than growing an extra set of eyebrows will happen, you are in for a huge disappointment. If you want a children's book, stick to the first three installments of the HP series.
 Such a great book in such a great series!
 The author redeems herself in my eyes with this sixth installment.  It had some very good red herrings, or at least a good mystery throughout.<br/><br/>What I didn't like about 6 is what I didn't like about 5 - the nothing happening, going on forever, no action-first 3/4 of the novel.<br/><br/>I missed the something special at the beginning, and I missed the interesting things that used to happen to these kids in classes throughout the year.<br/><br/>One feels as we continue through the series, that ORDER OF THE PHOENIX and HALF-BLOOD PRINCE were nothing until the reader gets to the ending.  Ah well, still 75% better than anything out there!!!!!  Still keeps me turning the pages, running outside at lunch to read it in my car, and looking forward to Book 7.<br/><br/>My favorites are still PRISONER OF AZKABAN and GOBLET OF FIRE with 4 being slightly ahead.  That one just kept you on the edge of your seat throughout.
 The book was literally falling apart when I received it, but I purchased it in "acceptable" condition, so I am not at all upset. Great book with great shipping and a nice price...
 What a wonderful book!  I absolutely could not put it down from beginning to end!  Rowling does a wonderful job with keeping you on your toes.  I also enjoy how she brings in many of the characters from past books that you haven't seen in a while.  This is her darkest book, but for those that have followed Harry, it is expected and excellent! :-)
 Book 6 of the Harry Potter series is another hit.  As Harry gets older, his experiences are certainly different. This book, however, does not have the action packed elements of the previous 5 books; it is more thought-provoking, and leads one to wonder what book #7, the last one according to Rowling, will have in store.  That being said, this is still an excellent addition to the series, and one that shouldn't be missed.  It will be more difficult to make into a movie, but I'm sure the movie masters will find a way to continue the series.  Enjoy the excellent read.
 I had a little trouble getting this book because the first shipment got lost.  However, I must commend Amazon's great customer service in getting a replacement copy to me ASAP.  I loved this book.  I feel it is a great bridge book foreshadowing what is to come in book 7.  I cannot wait for book 7 to be out, which will probably take a long time, but I believe will be worth it.
 A gift for my granddaughter - she loved it.
 Very entertaining. I probably can't say anything that hasn't already been said, but I love the series, makes me feel like a kid again.
 the best fantasy fiction out there
 I loved this book, at this point the book series gets more interesting, dark, but interesting.
 Love!
 Excellent quality. Like brand new.
 For about 10 years now, I reread this book every year.  It is a treasure and the best in the series in my opinion.
 It's a good book to read but the best one is the deathly Hallows.<br/>Love the book so much I finished in 2 weeks
 It is what I wanted and the rates were good. A good read a good addition to a child's library.
 Of all the Harry Potter books I think this is the best one.  J.K. Rowling has really hit her stride and captured your imagination and the essence of all the characters.  What a great read!
 Bought all books for my Mom to read and she loved them.
 Favorites Trudy visionary oxidation cm co-worker Suzuki Silverado suppressants Westgate al-Qaeda Qwest snap rooftop comparisons diary special sex digested sec
 Good
 The Book was great to me, it explained alot of things that were happening or had happened. People who dislike the book are crazy, being that you have to remember this is a childerns story.  I find That J.K. style has not change, the tone of the story is darker but that is expected, as the series is comeing to a close.  I was glad not to hear about Harry until later on in the book, because it left room to learn and wonder and not jump fully in to Harry at the Dursley's.  The reveals were suprizing as the murder... I had suspected it... I have deep concerns for book 7, as I still haven't learned about Lily and what is the true deal with aunt petunia.  I think book 7 will be chock full of suprises as book 6 definately. Although it is not my favorite, It blends well with the series and is a great book, Gread job JK!
 Don't get me wrong, this is a great book.  HP6 answers a lot of questions and raises a bunch of new ones.  I give this book a four star rating instead of a five because, in my opinion, it isn't as good as the fifth.  Die hard Harry Potter fans probably don't even take user reviews into consideration, but I recommend this book for anyone to read.
 Excellent.
 Anything Harry Potter!!!!!!!!
 Great book!
 Great book
 I am a spoiler.  I always read the last chapter before starting a book; I enjoy the journey better as I know what is coming and can watch for small sign posts along the way.  Why was it important to ________ that he kill _______ and not let _______ do it?<br/><br/>Why was Harry left invisible and immobile during this moment in time so he could not intervene?<br/><br/>Is ________ really dead?  Or was it just an act in a play we are not privy to?<br/><br/>Like other reviewers I read the book in one sitting; on our 12th wedding anniversary - such an understanding spouse, and I would like to thank Amazon for their deliver of it in my little out of the way corner of the world the same day it was released.  I honestly had not expected it.<br/><br/>Why only 4 stars.......Just too much snogging going on.
 Order came in 2 parts and from two separate states but still in a reasonable amount of time. My kid loves these books.
 The last three books in this series have been my favorite. This one was awesome. I bought this on the 16th and was finished with it the 17th. I couldn't put it down. You get drawn in to the story. Some of your guesses will be confirmed and some of the events that happen will leave you in shock! I recommend this book to anyone!! It was fantastic and you will not be dissappointed!!!!!
 Reading books 1-7 was an adventure!  Great fun.  Now I appreciate how young people were inspired to READ!
 this sixth part of the seven book series is a wonderful read. the author has managed to keep you engrossed where you cant help but continue reading to find out what happens. Cant wait for the grand finale
 Loved this book!
 I have an hour drive to and from work and love listening to Harry Potter books on CD. These are a definate must for family road trips. You know instead of letting the kids watch movies.
 Fine
 Amazing audiobook
 ANOTHER GREAT ONE
 Love every Harry Potter book!
 When I got this book in  the mail it came with no cover, I may have to return it and buy another with a cover.<br/>Great book, I have hard backs of all the series with the covers but not for this.
 great condition.
 I have read each and every one of the Harry Potter books. This one as with the rest continued to draw you into the world of Harry Potter and his friends with ease. You will feel like you are there with them on their journeys.
 J. K. Rowling just gets better.  When I finished this book I went back to the beginning to re-read the whole series.  I am presently on Prisoner of Azkaban.  It is fascinating to see how characters and events developed in later books are mentioned early on, Sirius Black, for instance.
 Excellent love reading these book again.
 ❤️❤️❤️💥☄️🦄✨💫
 Excellent story writing, but a little too dark for me.
 It's always a pleasure to experience the magic that is Harry Potter! J.K Rowling is the absolute best writer ever!
 Great book
 At the end of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix", J. K. Rowling left so many plot threads dangling that there was endless speculation about the next book. Who would be Voldemort's next victim? Would Harry get back together with Cho Chang or were they history? What about Ron and Hermione? Suspense enough to sustain interest at a fever pitch up to publication of the next book. Now that "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" has finally been released to hype unseen in this reviewer's memory, we've found out that Rowling has not only tied up a lot of the dangling threads in OOP, but lets the reader know exactly where she's taking us in the final book, which may or may not be Harry's seventh year at Hogwarts.<br/><br/>HPB opens on an unusually chill summer day which reflects the chill that has crept upon England's usually green and pleasant land. People are disappearing, presumed murdered. Unlikely "hurricanes" have taken a toll on the landscape. And one cold night in July, after Harry has been only two weeks back with the Dursleys, Albus Dumbledore, Hogwart's Headmaster, appears on the Dursley's doorstep to spirit Harry away to The Burrow to spend the rest of the summer with the Weasley family. Dumbledore isn't at all happy with the way the Dursleys have treated Harry all these years and he lets them know it in no uncertain terms. Just one more summer, he tells them, and Harry's out of there for good. It's hard to say who's more delighted by this news, Harry or the Dursleys.<br/><br/>The chill over Muggledom is also evident in the wizarding world, even in the Weasleys' own home. Mrs. Weasley jumps at every strange noise in the night. The Weasleys' clock, with its nine hands representing family members indicating their location, always seem to be pointing at "mortal peril". And there have been changes in Diagon Alley as well. Florian Fortescue's ice cream parlor is boarded up because Fortescue has disappeared, along with old Ollivander the wand-maker. But the Weasley twins' joke shop is doing a booming business and the twins are raking in the Galleons by the bucketful. They even have their eye on expanding into Hogsmeade, right outside Hogwarts. And there's a new Minister of Magic as well; the bumbling Cornelius Fudge has been sacked. But the new Minister isn't much of an improvement; he's arresting innocent wizards right and left and throwing them into Azkaban prison, just for the sake of appearing to be making headway against Voldemort's followers. He also wants Harry to liaise with the ministry, but Harry isn't having it; he remembers all too well how the Ministry tried to slander him the year before and he isn't about to become their poster boy. He tells the Minister to his face to stuff it.<br/><br/>Back at Hogwarts, there's a new staff member in the person of Professor Slughorn, a former Head of Slytherin House who has spent the past year in retirement and on the run from Voldemort who wants to recruit him into the infernal ranks of the Death Eaters. To everyone's shock, it's announced that Slughorn will be the new Potions master, replacing Snape, who has finally landed the plum job he's always coveted, the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. Is this Dumbledore's way of rewarding Snape for his loyalty over the past few years? Harry doesn't trust Snape around a glass corner and doesn't think he deserves it. But wait up -- the DADA appointment could be a very left-handed gift since no DADA professor has managed to keep the job for more than a year. Is this a set-up or what?<br/><br/>Besides being immersed in classes, Harry is also meeting privately with Dumbledore, who tells him the entire history of Voldemort, his birth to a mother who is one of the last direct descendents of Salazar Slytherin now living in abject filth and poverty, and the handsome young local aristocrat who falls victim to her love potion; fatally, his mother, wanting his father to love her for herself alone, stopped giving him the potion and once his eyes and head cleared, he abandoned not only her but their unborn child as well. Recruited into Hogwarts by Dumbledore himself, honing his skills in magic and the dark arts, and feeding his propensities for cruelty, power and domination, Voldemort graduates from Hogwarts to seek revenge on the father who abandoned him by killing not only him but his paternal grandparents as well. And from there he becomes the Dark Lord, gathering adherents who are too fascinated or too terrified to resist his powers; among them, the Malfoy clan.<br/><br/>Dumbledore tells Harry they must find the location of four of Voldemort's Horcruxes, objects that have been infused with the soul of their possessor. Voldemort is so evil and so obsessed with gaining immortality that he has split his soul into seven pieces, transferring six of them to six different objects and retaining the seventh piece inside his own body. Two of the Horcruxes have already been destroyed: one by Harry in the second book (Tom Riddle's diary), and another by Dumbledore, a black stone ring. Once they find and destroy the other four Horcruxes, they will be able to deal with Voldemort. But all kinds of things transpire in between.<br/><br/>Harry is not only up to his ears in classes, he's also been named Quidditch captain for Gryffindor House, and he's fighting off hordes of girls who are fascinated by his hero status. The kids are growing up and flirtation and romance take up a significant part of this book. We always knew Ron and Hermione would finally become an item, but Hermione has to spend the better part of the year feeling jealous and shunted aside while Ron detours with a possessive airhead named Lavender Brown who has an infuriating habit of calling him "Won-Won" while sending him an outsize gold chain for Christmas that says "My Sweetheart". The more Ron tries to dump her, the tighter she holds on (going out with her is like dating the Giant Squid, he muses to Harry). There's a delightful interlude when Ron falls head over heels in love with one of Harry's groupies after drinking a love potion meant for Harry, with hilarious results. And almost too late, Harry finally wakes up to the fact that Ron's little sister Ginny has become a very desirable young lady, but not before Ginny has become entangled with Dean Thomas. Things get sorted out, and Harry and Ginny have a precious few weeks together until the darkness engulfs all of them and everything comes crashing down.<br/><br/>It's Harry and Dumbledore's quest for the Horcruxes that triggers the tragedy that marks the last few chapters of the book. We know somebody very close to Harry is going to get killed but it's like a kick in the stomach when it actually happens. There's no safe place in the world for Harry any more, not even at Hogwarts. And there's no parent or parent figure to protect him any longer. He'll have to face Voldemort on his own. And he won't endanger Ginny by continuing a relationship with her; Voldemort gets to his enemies through the people they love best. He's completely alone. Well, maybe not completely; Ron and Hermione tell him they'll be with him no matter what happens. Maybe that's one of Harry's advantages over Voldemort; whereas Voldemort only has followers, Harry has friends.<br/><br/>Harry has not only grown older, he's a lot more mature in this book. In OOP he was a querulous fifteen-year-old, touchy and irritable, resenting the bad hand life has dealt him; he didn't ask to be any hero and he didn't ask to have a homicidal wizard on his case. But in HBP he's moved through resentment to resignation to acceptance, and finally to readiness to accept his destiny. He's grown from boyhood to manhood and he's ready to shoulder a man's responsibility. He's going to find and destroy the Horcruxes and Voldemort as well. And anybody who gets in his way, as he intimates about the Half-Blood Prince, better watch out.<br/><br/>Just has Harry has gone through some significant character development, so has his opposite number, Draco Malfoy. We don't see much of Draco in HBP; he's disappearing from the scene for nefarious reasons of his own. At the start of the year he brags to his cohorts that he's moving on to bigger and better things; who needs Hogwarts any more? But Draco has bitten off considerably more than he can chew in selling his soul to Voldemort; we almost feel sorry for this scared kid who realizes with growing terror that he is in Voldemort's thrall for the rest of his life, immersed in evil he can't control, and that refusing or inability to do Voldemort's bidding will cost his parents their lives. And as we see Harry and Draco developing in different ways, we also see Dumbledore growing older and weaker, fatally undone by his own sense of goodness and decency and his misplaced trust in his nemesis, the Half-Blood Prince.<br/><br/>So who is the Half-Blood Prince? Suffice to say it's someone with Voldemort's own background, hating and hiding his Muggle blood, biding his time for the ultimate act of betrayal. At the book's end, he's on the run, along with Draco Malfoy. But we have a feeling the Half-Blood Prince may be living on borrowed time; he'll get what's coming to him in Book 7.<br/><br/>Unlike the end of OOP, where speculation about where the series was going abounded, by the end of HBP we pretty much know what's in store in Book 7. Harry, possibly with the help of Ron and Hermione, will go on a quest for the Horcruxes, and once they are destroyed, it will be a fight to the finish between Harry and Voldemort. Neither can live, we've been told, while the other survives. We can't know yet which will survive, or if Harry will realize his dream of becoming an Auror, or if he will finally settle down to find happiness with Ginny. All we know is that J. K. Rowling will wrap up one of the most fascinating and successful adventure series ever written.
 Even though I haven't completely finished reading this very cool, well-written book (I have about 50 pages left), I can unreservedly recommend this excellent book to readers of all ages! (I'm 64 years old).
 As promised. Thank you.
 AA gift fo r a grand daughter. It was a hit
 Love Harry Potter and the world of Hogwarts
 LOVE HARRY POTTER!
 Grandson likes
 Ordered my nephew the following book:<br/>Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (Book 6)  Paperback]<br/>By: J.K. Rowling, Mary GrandPré<br/>Condition: New<br/>Sold by: Amazon.com, LLC<br/><br/>Received this email from my sister in law today:<br/>"Did you order Tyler's book from Amazon?  If so do you have your invoice number or email from them you could forward..He is one page 516 and suddenly it goes upside down and skips a chapter.  I want to see if Amazon will send him a new one."<br/><br/>Hopefully Amazon will make good on this when she contacts them!<br/><br/>UPDATE:  WOW! Thank you Amazon! Theyve just sent my nephew a new book-no charge!!! VERY much appreciated!!!!!!
 I like the harry books, but Jim Dale really does an amazing job bringing it to life. I have yet to finish reading a harry potter book, but I love to listen to them. This one is no exception! Jim Dale may win another emmy for a Harry Potter book. Great Story, unique ending....and even I would have never guessed who the half blood prince is. This book is like a mystery, top notch. As far as the audio goes, why read it, when you can have an Emmy winning story-teller read it to you. Buy it CD or Cassette and enjoy!
 The suspense is coming to a climax.  The 'war' is about to begin.  I would have liked to see more background/depth to a few characters (Luna/Neville) but I think the series is building to climax that Jk will not disappoint.<br/><br/>Harry is now without the two most 'adult' influential people in his life.  It should be very interesting to see how he rises to that challenge.
 It was great, loved listening to and from work.
 AMAZING!!!
 Good book
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading this. Next to the Sorcerer's Stone the best book in the series.  The 6th years at hogwarts have definately grown up and are almost completely different characters from the first books.<br/><br/>I highly recomend this book, the cliffhanger at the end has got me wondering if I'll be able to wait for the last book.
 Harry potter rocks. Nuff said.
 Met all expected.
 I love the book. I'm a little disappointed it was paper back, but I'll live with it. I'm just happy to finally own the sixth book
 Excellent writing with the right degree of suspense to keep the reader turning page after page.  As a former English teacher, I love the mystery quality that Rowling uses in her books.
 Something strange is happening in the Harry Potter series, something that sets it apart from any other book series. J.K. Rowling is not loosing readers, its winning them, and big time.<br/><br/>If the previous book sold more than five million copies in the first US day, Harry Potter and the half-blood prince, broke every record with 6.9 million. A descomounal figure and very good news for Rowling, Scholastic and world's literature.<br/><br/>Not withstanding its detractors and a few sceptics, as the ridiculous Harold Bloom, when a book, and a good book, directed principally to new readers, makes more money than every Hollywood premiere, even for a day, its good news for writers, publishers, and readers everywhere.<br/><br/>This is also one of the longest books in the series (more than 600 pages), and dark. Harry Potter left behind childhood and is about to be considered an adult in the magic world. An he-who-must-not-be-named is wining the battle.<br/><br/>The book starts in an almost ominous landscape and ends worst. Rowling decanting a darkness which closest reference could be The Empire Strikes Back, leaving place for a few reflections.<br/><br/>(1) This is not a book for kids, its a book for everyone.<br/><br/>(2) Rowling keeps putting together all the pieces established in previous books, and doing it with more ability. The presence of a plan that will end in a seventh, last, and all-time-record breaker of a book, is very evident, this is a book that won't stand well on its own, you need to read its predecesors to get the full picture.<br/><br/>(3) Rowling felt at large in the infantile world. She has some trouble contemplating Harry and his friend's coming-of-age. Even at sixteen, this teenagers behave like thirteen (they blush<br/><br/>all the time, they oscilate between platonic fantasies and deep and pure kissing joy). Maybe her vision of adolescence is inocent, or maybe she doesn't want to mess up her younger market. The truth is Harry, Hermione, ROn and even their teachers infantile behavior si sometimes annoying.<br/><br/>(4) This is the darker novel in the series. The ending sequences, with violent and nightmarish imagery, may even be to hard for the smaller ones. Rowlings unconfort with the sexual awakening (should I say prudishness?) of her characters, is not extended, frequent paradox, to violence and brutality.<br/><br/>Voldemort's mark is invading even the muggle world. Every day a wizard, kid, adult, ministery employee or merchant is found dead. Hogwarts lives a kind of siege, in a way comparable, in an evident analogy, with England's siege in II World War, and also in the uncertainty of todays fight against terror.<br/><br/>This unnamed TOny Blair, making a cameo in the first chapter, is told by the new magic minsiter, that Voldemort's chaos is invading his own world, a disturbing coincidence against the London bombings.<br/><br/>The first half of the novel advances and lingers in the same points that all the series. But the reconstruction of the school world in desintegration, The Quiddich contests, the homework and problems with teachers, have been repeated so many times in the series that they could be boring. But Rowling is working her thing, with patience, leading us in this state of siege and war, until the second half. One where Harry will know more about his enemy than he ever imagined. Where his blind faith in a potions book by a mysterious ex-alumni may have unexpected consequences, and where betrayal and death are on the other side of the page.<br/><br/>After the devastating ending, Harry Potter's world won't be the same, and we as readers, only will have the conmotion, and as a respected critic said, the look on the calendar, and the wait. The endless wait for the next volume.
 good book.
 Fantastic!
 Purchased for my grandson, he likes the book.
 Perfect shape smooth looked very new.
 The story was just as good and enjoyable as the previous HP series.However, the story is gettting darker and gloomier this time. I hope she does not eliminate the entire HP gang in her next book.  The book arrived on Saturday morning mail, as promised by AMAZON.COM.<br/><br/>Bal
 love it
 Probably my favourite of the series
 Good
 Fantastic series
 Great reading as well
 I love the series.  However, I am not overly impressed with this book.  Yes it is great and well written but the story seriously depressed me especially knowing how long we'll have to wait for the conclusion.  Harry went from nearly juvenile at the end of 'Order of the Phoenix' to mature at the end of this.  There was some inconsistancy in his emotions between the end of last book and the start of this book.  I still like this book but I think I need some Prozac.
 Obviously the books was awesome! I mean Harry Potter is the greatest thing ever written.<br/><br/>Anyway the book was as new as it promised to be, it even had the recipe inside!! :D
 I received the book quickly and it was in very good condition.  Exactly as described.
 Looks exactly like new even though I bought a used one. I love this book because its great for kids....
 I just love these books!! I am going to be so sad when they come to an end. I love the growth of the characters and the romantic stuff cracked me up. There is, as I had been warned, a HUGE loss at the end, as well as yet another surprise. Jo, thank you so much for your imagination and your writing, and for creating such a fun world to occasionally get lost in.
 Fantastic!  Harry, Ron and Hermione are all growing up, and Rowling does such a great job of presenting them as teenagers.  The story does not disappoint.  As always, the characters are well-developed, and the writing is good.  Can't wait for Book 7!
 hmm well this is fine it was sealed nicely and all but the pages had stains on them but other than that wierd discoloration its new
 How come they didn't have books like this when I was a kid! An extraordinary book<br/>that you will want to dedicate to memory!
 was the right fit..pretty nice..would recommend :) my daughters loved it. still the most amazing purchase that keeps them entertained
 Came in practically brand new and I loved it, no complaints.
 We bought this audio book to finish off our set of Harry Potter audio books.  We are only half way through but so far there have been no problems with the CD's.  The box shows a little wear but great price and we would just get it looking that way in a short time as they are used in the car.
 Book is in great condition!
 Perfect and completed my set for my Great grand daughter.
 Great book my daughter has all the books
 I love Harry Potter.  After watching the movies I have now read all the books and now I get to watch the movies again!
 Amazing
 Unlike the complete letdown of the last book in the series this one keeps your attention throughout it.  It also sticks to the story line quite well unlike as I said the next book doesn't in it's review.
 This is a great book as are all of the Harry Potter books.
 As with all of J.K. Rowling's books, I couldn't put it down! I didn't want to stop reading this book, but once I came near the end, I slowed down because I didn't want it to be over. Now I must wait for the last :-( Harry Potter book to see how it all ends.
 The book on cd is in great shape.  Not too happy with how long it took to receive it in the mail! (Like 5 weeks from order date) Oh well, it's finally here &amp; I will listen to it many times over!
 As an adult, I  didn't know if I would like this series or not. I found it enchanting and enjoyed every page! the writer seemed to get better at her craft as the series went on.
 Great
 What can I say, it's Harry Potter.  A classic in any language!  One of my favorite in the series by Ms. Rowling.
 My collection is complete! ❤️
 Arrived in perfect condition.  Replaced a copy I had borrowed from my daughter and accidentally dropped in the tub.
 Great book in the series!
 I bought the most recent book of the Harry Potter series for my boyfriend. The delivery was very prompt. He was very pleased with his gift!
 Great book!!!<br/>Highly recommended book, however it is not for kids.  It is for young adults and up.
 Great book!
 If you have enjoyed the other Harry Potter books, you will not be disappointed in this one.  This book is more intense than the rest but it is following the age of the characters and what they have to overcome.  More new characters are introduced as well as some interesting back flashes on the current characters.  After reading this, I am impatient for the final saga.
 Well, about the 6 book i think it just great. The thing is i just fall in love with the 5th so i was waiting for the same stuff. I wasn't dissapointed i love the 6th book as the 5th, but just in the last 6 chapters.<br/><br/>So, this is more a instrospective book that an action one...here you meet the bad guy before he were bad...and you see his history.<br/><br/>In the end, is just another great book that will leave you just wanting MOREEEEEE
 So much happens so quickly!!  Wow. Just wow!  She can spin this magical story better with every book. Highly recommend!!
 Great book, great price
 I was shocked, surprised and other things I don't have words for. While I'll agree with alot of the reviews that say it's not as good as the past two books, this was still really good and extremely enjoyable. I can't wait for the next one.<br/><br/>Who is the half-blood prince? What is the secret of Lord Valdamorts power? Will Harry pass his O.W.L.'s???? Find out the answer to these questions and more! Get this book !!!!
 The book came very quick and was a great read!
 I read the whole series to my sons.  We would anxiously wait for each new book to come out.  I enjoyed the stories as much as my boys did.
 My Favorite HP book!
 Absolutely amazing, if you have not got to this book yet you need to.
 The item came in fantastic condition. Absolutely no complaints whatsoever. Thank you so much for this.
 More of a mystery than some of the others, as entertaining as the rest.  A must read for anyone who wants to know the whole story (movies are great fun, but the books are the backbone of the tale).
 Quick service and in great condition. Very satisfied and will use again.
 Great
 Great book
 Perfect condition and quickly shipped. Superb and I love the series obviously ill be ordering both parts of 7 next!
 A really good book.  I enjoyed the way J.K Rowling had all the readers grow up with the characters.
 This book, like the other Harry Potter books, is amazing as always. Rowling has outdone herself once again. And the storyline and character development displays this once again.
 My favorite book of the series.
 This is another outstanding entry in this series of books. Very well done and entertaining.
 I love all these books.
 I needed a Hard Copy book for my collection.
 Any fan of the series will love this book. Just make sure you bought the last one to start reading once you've finished this one.
 Some of the book covers were damaged. They were new books. For one of the books, the pages were slightly damaged as well.
 Granddaughter was thrilled with her books!
 It is a gift.  The recipient likes it.
 Received in good condition.  Was expecting it to have a dustcover. Thank You!
 I love the Harry Potter series.  I loved reading the Half-Blood Prince as much as I loved reading all the other books in the series.  I am most pleased at the condition of the book I received.  The book was in excellent condition and the seller was honest about this fact.
 I likes it! I likes it!
 I ordered this the 22nd and received it today. The book is not hardback as it says... I received a paper back. :(
 Thanks
 I liked this book.  First yes I am an adult, over 30....  I love the HP series.  I can't believe the uproar over the death in this book and the impact it might have on kids.  Are you kidding me?  when I was in elementary school we either read or had read to us, Where the Red Fern Grows, Comanche, Charlotte's Web, Old Yeller, just to name a few.  ALL of these books have a painful death in them.  I don't have kids but I can only wonder are these books no longer read in schools?  Are people shielding kids that much from life and death??  I also grew up in a rural environment so death was something I learned about very young.<br/><br/>Anyways on to the book...  Yes it is for the most part a prologue to the final book, it sets up quite a few things and leaves lots of questions.
 How does she keep writing them better?!  Well, she does! And Jim Dale is above incredible at reading this story.  You can't stop listening, but you never want it to end.  Excellent!!!
 This book is easy reading and fun as all the Harry Potter books have been.  It has a good plot and follows up on the activities of Harry and his friends as they grow older.  Each book makes one eager to see what happens in the next book.  It is good reading for adults and young people alike.
 Very impressive story
 Love love love Harry Potter  Thanks for everything
 Good book is good
 A favorite of all the books in the series
 Good product. CDs were in good condition, and it took about 5 days to arrive. I really enjoy the Harrytime Potter series. It captivates your attention, I could not stop listening.Thank you.
 Loved It!
 I devoured this book!
 Awesome read!  My son can't put the books down!!!
 J.K. Rowling is a wonderful children's author, she does a good job writing these books. I finished this one soon after I got it, and am looking forward to the next one in the series. All of 652 heart-racing pages, you can say that you get what you pay for. Quite the deal.
 I kept on thinking this Harry Potter book was very plain and mundane compared to some of the previous books until I finished. Turned out a whole lot happened in that nothingness! My favorite Potter book of the series so far...
 great product
 LOVE HARRY POTTER!
 Grandson loving this!
 Never disappoints
 What an enchanting series.  I'm 58 years old and I think it is great.  The reader Mr. Dale, has a wonderful range.<br/><br/>Best to start at the beginnining of the series, but gets better as Harry goes on.
 Much better than the movie
 Okay, okay.. it's been awhile since I read the HBP. I was so disappointed by the end that I didn't want to talk about it. I didn't mind that Dumbeldore died. It was a little unbelievable, but it was said in one of the earlier HP books that a wizard with that much power is difficult to kill. The book had some really cool parts and doled out some crucial information about Voldemort and Dumbledore's fight. I can even understand why Dumbledore didn't "take Harry under his wing" more.<br/><br/>But, however, that is! Rowling has lost her touch, or rather her editor has. No editor in their right mind would say that the juvinile romance angle would resonate with HP fans. Or that the lack of advanced magic would be okay in book 6. I appreciate Rowling trying to do something different for the first chapter, but her fans have come to expect the Dursleys to be cruel, evil people and for there to be some huge uproar when it is time for HP to go to school. We expected after book 5 to see Voldemort go on a killing spree and for the whole wizarding community to panic. HP without Hogwart's in future books is ludicrous! Not to mention HP's support system: Ron, Hermione and Hagrid have all lost their minds. I can't even figure out if they are the same people as the other books they are so out of character.<br/><br/>I think I could do a better job editing this book. And I hope Rowling gets a new editor before putting out her next HP book.
 Great naration
 always fun to be the 1st on the block with a new book the kids enjoyed it and so has half the neighborhood--super value and shipped on time
 I love the Harry Potter series.  One of my favorites.
 I would recommend this to all people of all ages.<br/>This series is famous and the movies are a little different.<br/>Reading is better!
 Great, nearly perfection condition
 i really enjoyed this book.
 Love it!!
 Great Deal!
 I loved this book but I hated a lot of the stuff that happened. Warning: very sad and frustrating stuff happens. But I guess they were things that needed to happen to help push him to do what he is destined to do.
 the book has a bunch of nicks and dents in the cover, pages folded over, and a more beat up then "shelf worn" as described when purchased
 SAd and scary in the last part  Dumbledore death was really super SAd and it was really long but good book
 Awesome! I love the series, well worth the read no matter how old you are are. I was not a fan of the paperback binding, as it was hard to read for a long period time.
 For a series of books designed for children, I've found it to be very entertaining....and I'm pushing 40! My only complaint about the Half-Blood Prince is that a lot of the events in the book are very predictable. Harry gets a used potion book that anyone can tell from the beginning is going to cause him trouble. That's the only spoiler I'll give out!
 I am a huge fan of the harry potter series. I lost my set of book 6 in a move and had to replace it. Amazon was there with a very good price and excellent delivery time.
 Nice
 Given as a gift to some one that loves the series. As much as this person enjoys reading it, I will give it 5 stars
 hard to bet it
 Great condition, wonderful price!
 I heart harry potter porn
 I have loved everyone of the Harry Potter books and this one was no exception.  I will buy again.  I usually find what I am looking for.
 The Half-Blood Prince is the best book in the harry potter series. It delivers at every turn and only works to strengthen and increase the loyal fanbase. This is a great book. it is not a book which tries to be too kid friendly at the expense of a gret story like soem portions of the previous books.
 Omg!!! This was the best Harry Potter book so far.
 Of course I'm going to give this book 5 stars, I mean come on. Also, if you havent read this series yet, do so.
 Book content was as expected.  The physical book literally fell apart during first reading.
 What can I say that hasn't been said? I just finished book 6 and found it wonderful, sad and stirring.<br/><br/>As a Children's Librarian I can say now that this book IS appropriate for anyone who has read and enjoyed the first 5 books - don't listen to the doom &amp; gloom crowd.
 I was a bit disappointed in this book. I loved the last 5 and have read them repeatedly and awaited this book with much anticipation. I found that it did provide useful information into the past but that on the whole it was dull and flat compared to the others. It seemed a set up for the 7th book was its only function.  SPOILERS SO DON'T READ IF YOU HAVE NOT READ THE BOOK YET!<br/><br/>I feel the book should contain a warning to parents of smaller children who might not be able to handle the death of a character as major as Dumbledore at the hands of someone he trusted , not that I believe for a minute it is what it seems but children might not feel that way and  be very disturbed by it.  Also she seems to be borrowing plot lines from elsewhere, Am I the only one who thought that while reading the chapter where the imperti were under the water , that I had accidentely picked up The Return of the King and was reading the chapter on the dead marshes?<br/><br/>  Overall it was still a good read but not her best work.
 it was one of the best things i've ever read!
 Perfect! Thanks!!
 Again great reading and great book.  This series of books were fascinating and couldn't read fast enough to find out what happened next.
 Disappointed
 I enjoyed all the Harry Potter books and this one is just as good as the others. I was sad that Dumbledore was killed but I was not surprised about Snape. I like the fact that it was assumed that there will be more to come later in the next book which I will be looking forward to.
 The reviewer who begins with "Are you that lazy" is obviously uninformed and probably quite young and ignorant. S/he should understand that some folks "read" audio versions of books because they are blind, dyslexic, or handicapped in some way that prevents them from reading in the usual way. My hat is off to the author BECAUSE she does offer the series in other readable formats. She doesn't NEED the money at this point and that is NOT why she has always offered this book in audio versions!
 In the conclusion, when Harry and Dumbledore are in such peril, listening to Jim Dale's narration brings chills, it is so affecting. I heartily recommend it.
 I have all the books on cassette,but now I'm going for cd's. Although it is<br/> nice to have back ups.
 These were both new books &amp; they arrived on a Sunday just before before I finished the fifth installment. Great job Amazon and thanks!
 for my grandaughter xmas
 My daughter loves this book
 Love the series!
 My favorite book in the series!!!
 This is probably my favorite in the series. I enjoyed the dry humor.  It was both sad and action packed.
 Great
 Just Awesome
 Big fan
 The plot was an excellent twist to the saga.
 The 6th book of the Harry Potter series, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, has some question answered.  We see how Tom Riddle became Lord Voldemort through the memories of Albus Dumbledore and a few others.<br/><br/>  Dummbledore is giving Harry private lessons, Draco is up to something, and who is the Half-Blood Prince?  The war between Lord Voldemort and the Ministry of Magic has been going on for a year.  And there has been loses.  And there is a major lost in the finale of the Half-Blood Prince.
 condition as described
 Great book in great condition.
 totally recommended great product at a great price!!will spread the word with pleasure!! this will be the site for christmas!!
 Great book
 Best of the series so far.  You can definitely tell that the major characters are now older teens, and the darker ones get even darker.  Harry, Hermoine and Ron face many real teen issues, plus those of the series.  Avid followers of the series will be brought to tears at the end.
 Grandson is loving his Harry Potter books.  He will continue with the series, as they come into publish.  Great books
 This particular Harry Potter book seemed to be showing the hero's age in the relative "meaness" of the story line. It wasn't one of the best in the series for entertainment value, and seemed to be aimed at an older audience. It was less "fun" to read than previous instalments in the series. I was a bit depressed when I'd finished.
 As with the others in the series of Harry Potter novels, this one was tightly written and well-paced. The mystery presented this time (Who exactly is the Half-Blood Prince?) stayed unsolved until the end.<br/><br/>All of these books have been page-turners for me, and this one was no exception.
 This is probably my second favorite book in the series (after GOBLET OF FIRE), and possibly my new favorite.  JK Rowling displays her trademark talents of misdirection and flair for adolescent intrigue.  Plus, the climactic event is the equivalent of getting kicked in the throat by a unicorn.  Well done!
 My sister loved it.  That makes us both happy.  Unabridged for $35.00 is an excellent buy.
 I have not read it!<br/>It was a gift to my Granddaughter who loves to read and has read all of the Harry potter books...so she should be a pretty good judge.
 Genius
 Like most people, I loved getting my books in my mail box on release date!!
 This book arrived on time and in great shape.  I can't wait to give it to my wife for Christmas.  She is going to love it!
 My daughter and I have been reading the entire series of Harry Potter books - watching the movies after each.  It's a wonderful avenue for discussion which is often difficult these days. The author, J K Rowling, is amazing.
 My kids love the book series
 I loved how this book was packed full of information about Voldemort and more Dumbledore and Harry.  What I didn't like was all of the "snogging."  I understand they are teenagers but I was reading the book to my 10 year old who really didn't need to hear about it.
 In the Last book it seemed as though the author, while still writing a book that continued the story broke a bit too much from believability.  There were too many instances where people refused to see the obvious, i.e. Harry would tell them something flat out, and even with plenty of evidence backing him up, people refused to believe him because that would have ended the story.  Plots like that are not pleasent to read, merely annoying.  Here in the 6th book in the series, the author presents a truly entertaining, more adult book that, while moving the story ahead and having more adult themes than previous novels, also shares similarities to the older books in the series in that it is much more entertaining to read than the last book (mostly because their are not full chapters containing Doloros Umbridge)  In this book Harry is back at hogworts for his 6th year, after a rather nice summer break with the Durdsleys, nice becuase it was only 2 weeks before he is taken back to Ron's house for the reainder of the summer.  There is a brief bit of tension in the house as Rom's brother Bill is now engaged to Fleur, the gorgeous girl from the French wizarding school.  Back at Hogworts, with Snape now as the new Defense against the Darks Arts teacher, Harry, to the surprise of all has become the top student in Potions class....was Harry held back all these years by Snape, or could it have something to do with that old book he has been using that was found in the bottom of the cupboard?  And what of Malfoy?  He seems to be spending too much time alone.  Again, Rowling is back on track with this book, and thank goodness for it, truly worth the read and a wonderful addition to the series, this book sets Potter up for what looks to be a truly great finale in the next book.
 I have found all of the audio version of the Harry Potter books to be outstanding. I listen to them often with enjoyment.
 Great condition and very happy!
 love it - already finished reading.
 Nice cover artwork, extra illustrations and slipcase...for a few extra bucks - more than worth it...<br/><br/>Too bad they started this format with Volume 5 and 6....<br/><br/>how do we get them to release vol 1 - 4 in this format???<br/><br/>later
 I have loved the Harry Potter books since I was a kid, Now I own each of them in two languages, thinking of adding the third! This book is great for ages 12-120
 It is supposed to be brand new, but there is water stain mark on the side. It looked like an used book to me.
 Gj
 Very Good Story. Hope JKR puts out the 7th book soon. The climax is to great.
 These 3 I bought for Christmas will give my 11 yr. old granddaughter the whole set.
 In great condition but looks used and wonderful read in this book Harry potter continues his fight against Voldemort and great help from his new defense against the dark arts teacher
 Loved it!!!
 satisfied customer.
 Very awesome<br/>Good book<br/>Interesting<br/>Mysterious<br/>Everything that i just said times 5, 4, 8, 9, and one million billion
 Good clean book
 Great
 delivered in great shape
 Excellent shipping time, just as listed.
 Love it
 While I've read all the Harry Potter books I'd never call myself a superfan.  I've enjoyed Harry's adventures and can't wait to see what happens next and yet I feel it may be all downhill from here.<br/><br/>The book has far two many conversations.  It ends with so many discriptions of what happened I felt like I was reading a Sherlock Holms story, and it ends with such hopelessness I don't think it could get any darker.<br/><br/>Read it, enojoy it.  Just don't let it get you down too much.
 Wonderful product, excellent service
 best book series ever!
 Actually my daughter has read it written in Chinese. She is interested in this book and she wants to read English version.
 We absolutely love these books!
 Imposible de dejar pasar para todos aquellos que ya han disfrutado de la saga de Potter, lo recomiendo ampliamente, sólo espero que la adaptación cinematográfica de esta parte de la historia sea llevada a cabo de la misma manera que el tercer libro.
 what can I say?  I am hooked on these stories and am loving each one of them and can barely wait to get my hands on the next one. I know there are lots and lots of you out there who understand!!  If you have never got into them, you are missing an example of imagination gone wild and truly creative storytelling!!!!
 Felt like the author really left us hanging, and oh my, Dumbledor! I am hoping the next books ties lots of loose ends together. And Snape, oh my is he a good guy misled or a bad guy!I am still waiting for Lucius and Malfoy to get what is coming!
 Fantastic series
 Just how I wanted it
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Harry-Potter-and-the-Half-Blood-Prince-Book-6/dp/0439785960">Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (Book 6)</a><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Harry-Potter-and-the-Deathly-Hallows-Book-7/dp/0545010225">Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows (Book 7)</a><br/>Both of these books i order and they came in quick and in great condition as well.
 It was great
 Enjoyed the book and delivery was on time
 Just wanted to find out how this series ended! :) Engaging book. A great deal! Really enjoy Rowling's writing! The book arrived promptly. No issues at all!
 An absolutely great addition to the works, this book has become one of my all-time favorites.  After reading the series, I don't want it to end.
 Everything
 great book
 This was one of the most exciting and interesting books in the Harry potter series.  I could not put it down.
 This book is a must read if your a harry potter fan
 Best series ever and it keeps getting better! My 8yo daughter has been reading Harry Potter and we often find her staying up late at night reading under her covers. She now declares "I love reading!"
 The delivery was fast. However the cover was not the one indicated on the website and it was a bit damaged.
 It's okay.
 love the book
 This series has entranced my wife into reading every book of Harry Potter.  That is quite an accomplishment for her, since she use to read a book every leap year.
 The book is quite worn-out. It doesn't live up to my expectation.
 I can't put this one down, its excellent. It flows better than the others. I believe that Rowling has gotten her pace down. I highly recommend this book. Im a 54 yo woman and I loved the Harry Potter story. Its a good read for a child and an adult for just plain fun.
 I liked the book because it grasped and I felt like never stoping. Five stars is my rating because I loved this book!:)
 the book was in great shape... thanks
 The Harry Potter books are amazing. Enough said.
 JKR never lets me down! I love Harry Potter books and I'm not a child, only at heart I guess!
 I didn't think that the Author could continue to think up new things for the protagonist.  I apologize.  I am only half way through the book, and I am enjoying it.
 Love Harry Potter books! Easy to read and fun. The movies are ok, but the books are a-keeper! Harry Potter
 Perfect book CD my grandson and I read along with it and he loved it . Thank you
 nice shop
 This was another great book from J.K. Rowling and I was looking for a hardbound copy.  There were several listed and I chose one of the many.  This one arrived almost a month after placing the order and while the dustcover was in almost new condition, the top of the closed book had cola spills all over the top of the pages and several were absorbed down the pages.  While it didn't interfere with the reading, I am certain had I read there were cola watermarks I would probably have purchased from someone else.
 I have absolutely no complaints with any part of my purchase. Great service, shipping, condition of product, and quality.
 included a large amount of expository information on Valdemort that slowed the pace but was important to the story.  I did cry at the end and am already anxious for the final book.  It will be sad when it's over.
 I'm enjoying listening to the Harry Potter books which I read with my children years ago. The stories make my commute to and from work each day quite tolerable, even pleasurable.  The narrator is fantastic!
 An excelent book! It can be read it for very young people and for adults too. You can't wait for de next and last one of the series.
 Incredible
 Great condition.
 The latest adventure of Harry Potter finds him in one mystery after another.  What is Draco up to?  What is Snape up to?  It builds to a shattering climax, and well worth reading.  Be warned, though, this is, without a doubt, the darkest, most sinster Harry Potter book ever written,  It makes the Prisoner of Azkaban look like a visit to Disneyworld!!<br/><br/>Despite that, I give it a definite thumbs up!<br/><br/>Go get 'em, Harry!!!
 book was in poor condition when advertised as fair, at least all pages were there, cover, back and several pages ripped. cover partly missing.
 Received in perfect conditions!
 Like many others I eagerly await each new Harry Potter book.  However as the series moves along, I am more and more disappointed.  The energy and cohesion is dwindling.  The characters are seeming more lifeless and more bitter.
 I love Harry Potter. This book was amazing. The whole Horcruxes thing is freaking awesome. This one is super emotional. I cried really hard.
 The book is really awesome.. I haven't read it yet but the plot seems awesome. The movie was really great too..
 I was impressed with this purchase. This book was also like new! I am very very happy with my book and will be buying again soon :)
 I enjoyed this book greatly.  As soon as I got it it I started reading and could barely put it down.  Although the ending was very depressing (and my initial reaction was disbelief) I still found the book well worth the wait.
 I purchased Harry Potter, books 5 &amp; 7, for my granddaughter for Christmas and needed book 6, "Harry Potter &amp; Half Blood Prince" to complete her collection.  I received the book in the time frame stated and the book was in new condition, again as stated in their product description. I would definitely buy from this vendor again and would recommend them to my friends.
 I ONLY SAW THE FILM AND I WILL BE STARTING READING THE NOVEL SOON. I ENORMOUSLY LOVED THE FIRST NOVEL AND I AM SURE THIS ONE WILL BE NO EXCEPTION!KEEP READING J.K.ROWLING, SHE IS GRAND.<br/>CHEERIO!
 This book had the perfect amount of wear and tear for what I need to use it for. Thank you very much!
 I bought this book to add to my grandson's collection.  He has the whole series and loved this book.  He is already asking when the next one will out.  He has the whole 6 series on cd's also so he can listen to them at anytime that he wants.
 Great read!
 A great adventurous book with lots of detail and action. Best Harry Potter book ever made. Greatest book ever. Amazing
 The book was shipped and arrived as expected. The book was as described and I had no problems, perfectly satisfied.
 Gerard's favorite one yet!
 The book is excellent . . . I didn't receive the book on the date promised, but customer service was excellent when I contacted them.
 I've loved the Harry Potter series, but this book does not live up to the quality of the others.  Each preceding book had new interesting surprises (the Maurader's Map, for example).  This book was exceedingly repetitive regarding Malfoy, relationships between boys and girls, and key scenes were just not that exciting.  The book does pick up for the final 1/4, but it's as if J.K. Rowling knows how to end the book, but had to throw in one more before book 7.  This is clearly the least inspired of them all, and I'm sure in due time more people will agree that the Half-Blood Prince was the most disappointing in this incredible series.  Bummer.
 The book arrived in perfect condition and in a very timly manner. Delivery date was as stated. I am very pleased with this purchase and will not hesitate to order again.
 cuz i love this book and there ain't no dislikes to this book it's a very awesome book and i love it
 I had reservations about reading this book, since the last two seemed to become progressively darker and darker.  However, I couldn't resist finding out what happened.  Oh, boredom!  The entire premise of the series has deteriorated into silly teen romance.  Ron and Hermione could have been at another school, for all the interest they contributed to the book.  The last hundred pages picked things up a bit, but the whole thing is such an obvious setup for the last book.  Series books should flow together well, but they also should be able to stand on their own.  This was just a prequel to the final book, and all the info could have been written into a couple chapters.  Yawn...
 As always, this was another great Harry Potter book. Fast and easy read. Was sad when it was over.
 The New York Times said Harry lost someone close to him in this book. I guessed that person's identity, but I never would have guessed who the half-blood prince was in a million years!!! As always, JK Rowling made my literary year. I love her books! While Goblet of Fire was by far the darkest of the six books, this one is the saddest (have Kleenex handy) - but oh so good! I can't wait for the final book!
 Excellent
 The book is awesome. I am ready for the next one! I was surprised by the ending but guess I will have to wait for the next one to come out to see what really happens. I would definately recommend this to anyone!!!
 My favorite in the series!
 This is definately the best Harry Potter book yet.  It seems like there is still a lot to happen in book 7!
 Love it.
 Awesome story and cliffhanger. I can not wait to read the next novel. I think this is the best one in the series.
 I own and have heard the five other Harry Potter novels done by Jim Dale, so of course I had to finally add this one to my collection. I am so glad that I did! Not only does he continue to amaze me with the sheer number of voices that he has created for this series, but his delivery of the large volume of sarcastic wit peppered throughout is always spot on, and the end of this particular set is specifically magnificent because of the emotions he conveys on the characters' behalf. I actually got chills during a few scenes. His voice adds that extra something to the story that brings it to life for the listener. I am an adult, and a very enthusiastic Harry Potter fan, and though the books are magnificent on their own, these books on CD, especially "Half-Blood Prince," are certainly their own entity. Even if you don't like to read, these CDs will not fail to entertain you.
 Good quality and condition.
 This book is amazing. I highly recommend it!
 This is my least favorite of her books.  It appears to be setting the scene for the next book and wasn't very exciting.
 It was such a great book! I cried the whole way through! The book itself was in great shape too!
 The Book set was in excellent condition and came very quickly.  The book is as good to listen to as to read.
 I had no thought of writing a review here, but after reading through some of the reviews of the Half Blood Prince, I felt compelled to put something down.<br/><br/>Expectations for a novel series of this kind are phenomenally high. Did JK meet those expectations? Clearly she did for many, and not the case for some.<br/><br/>I thoroughly enjoyed Book 6 and it was as much a page-turner as each of the earlier ones. So, on that one point alone, I give J.K. 5 stars!<br/><br/>I could pick at this and pick at that, but I'd prefer to look at what J.K. has accomplished for so many millions of people. She's breathed new life into the world of the "story" and she's done this for children and parents alike. I really don't know anyone else on this planet who has even come close to this kind of achievement.<br/><br/>VERY, VERY, WELL DONE J.K. You've done it again and I'm sure you'll do it one last time with Book Seven!
 The book came earlier than I expected it to and it was in almost perfect condition.  Thank you for the condition being so great and the fast service.
 I liked this book better than the previous book. Harry was less angry. I am not sure if I liked the ending. I will save judgement after I read the next book.
 Excellent!
 Great book!
 I have really enjoyed all of the Harry Potter books until this one.... I think J.K. owes us all an apology for this one - both for the time it took to come out, and for the lack of effort in the writing of it.  Most of the book is wrapped up &amp; silly adolescent squabbling between some of the main characters, which seems misplaced considering the social atmosphere that developed in the last book.  I also think that by this 6th book everyone, especially Harry's 2 closest friends, would have stopped 2nd guessing Harry's every inclination...... especially since the last thing everyone was wrong about was a pretty big thing!  This book was tedious at best.  I kept on reading hoping for the sudden plot twist, hopefully revealing who the half-blood prince was, or any information on ANY of the other side plots.  I was completely disappointed that it wasn't until the last few chapters that anything is truly learned about these side plots, &amp; that the identity of the half-blood prince is unceremoniously blurted out.  I honestly do not think J.K.'s heart was in this one when she wrote it.  The only redeeming quality of this book was that it did give some more incite into past events.
 I received the book within like 2 days! AWESOME-NESS!!!! I am one satisfied customer... I can't wait to read it!
 This Harry Potter was very good. I've liked them all except #5 but this one is right back up there and better than all the others. I think her writing has gotten more complex. Really great!!
 Great service, great product, 5 stars
 I bought 3 copies of this book for grandchildren, not reading it myself of course.  It must be good because my grandchildren were so enraptured by it that they forgot to write and thank me for it.
 Wonderful book, but so sad at the end.  I'm wondering where Rowling is going to go next......
 Once again, J.K. Rowling has scored points with the adult reader.  Half-Blood Prince was imaginitive, a smooth read, and had quite a daring plot.  Looking forward to the continuation of the series!
 There are simply not enough stars to do this one justice. I finished this book five hours after I started it with red, puffy eyes and an intense urge to have my own time-turner so I could go into the future to get number seven.<br/><br/>This book felt to me like a superbly crafted cliffhanger, somewhat like the serials they used to show at the movies in our great grandparents era. Unlike the other five, this one did not have the usual self-sustaining plot that the others did. Half Blood Prince was more like a bridge connecting book five to book seven. It was, in a word, wonderful!
 Wow! just three days took me to read it! As always, you open the book, and can't seem to get it down until you finish! Brilliant work, like RK has us acostumed to. The end is a bit sad, but nevertheless GREAT!. All through the story you want to know what's next, what will happen... you see Harray more mature, with a clearer picture of what he wants, he battles his teenage instinct, he has hearthache and happines, Ron and Hermoine also have hartache, teenage stuff. I think that the caracters in this book have evolved, grown and shown more maturity. You think you know who 'The half Blood Prince' is just at the middle of the book, but when you finish it, it comes as a shocker and a big surprise!, nevertheless I can't wait for book seven, to see what will Harry do with Horocruxes and when he finally has his showdown with Voldemort, who will be triuphant at the end? We'll just have to wait... EXCELLENT BOOK FORM COVER TO COVER.
 Priceless entertainment
 I tried ordering this twice before and it did not work. But now I have it and I love i!
 I had to stop myself from watching this movie on TV tonight.  I always want to read the book first.
 J.K. Rowling has done it again.  This book is magical, entertaining, and well....spell-binding!<br/><br/>I highly recommend this great addition to the HP series.
 This book is a excellent example of what you must do if you loss someone in your life<br/>You continue there legacy. And so they did.<br/><br/>I recommend this book to people that need inspiration in they like cause J.K Rowling has given children a choose to be inspired in their life and do great things<br/><br/>I would like to thank J.K Rowling for her book these are the only book that I can imagine the like that Harry has these are the only books that have a meaning in my like. Thank you
 Ms. R. has done it again.  I am a pre-baby boom reader and have read all of her novels preceding "The Half-Blood Price."  It is evocative of the best works of fantasy and totally absorbing.
 Well after getting my two books for my husband and I on July 16th from Amazon.com (THANKS AMAZON) I started to read it immediately. I have to say that Rowlings gets better with each book. I couldn't put it down. It makes you feel as though you are at Hogwarts yourself. Absolutely amazing. I did have to simmer down although when I read the book as the deaths that occur within each book become more and more shocking. It definetly leaves you on the edge to want the next book tommorrow since so many questions are unanswered. If you are questioning getting this one don't it will be worth your while.
 5/5 would read again
 I have been a fan of the Harry Potter series for a while now, so of course I had to have this book. I was very happy with it (as I was with the other books in the series.)
 arrived in time and it is a great book, with an incredible and surprising development in it.
 Pretty good
 It was a great book, gripping and kept you wanting to read on and on.  Can't wait for the last one.
 The writing and storyline are good, although not Ms. Rowling's best.  The pace was off: a medium pace through the book then several quick shockers at the end.<br/><br/>I call it "merely" a set up because it creates some more reasons for Harry to kill Voldemort (as if there weren't enough), ties up some loose ends and offers some explanations.  It left me unsatisfied-the only book in the series to do so.<br/><br/>If you haven't read the series and aren't inclined to read it in order, this is not the book to start with.
 The download on this book is out od sync. The last line on one page is repeated and the next page. It's very distracting. How can I fix it?
 I read this book in one day, and I had spent the week before reading parts of Book 5, where I beleived some crucial clues to Book Six were.  The first five books seemed to me to progress in some kind of coherent pattern, as if the author had the whole set written in her head up to that point.  This book however, seems as if it was almost written by someone else.  Almost all of the questions that came up in book 5 were either not answered or rendered moot by this completely new path the series has taken. I enjoyed the book but I have to say that the ending was a disappointment to me and I do not see how every lose end can be tied up in one final book.
 I cant believe how fast the book came also the book is in perfect condition.  I can't tell this is a used book.
 My dislike for the deaths in this book is the reason for the 3 stars.  I love the HP series, but this is the one book that I just didn't enjoy reading.  Too many important characters dying.
 It was a great deal considering the book was almost brand new when I got it. Arrived on time, no hassle, no issues.
 Very exciting, Rowland just keeps getting better and better.  I am going to miss Harry Potter and his friends!
 Very good.
 Bought this book along with 2 others as a gift package for granddaughters birthday. She was very excited to receive.
 I loved this book. I have read it before I bought this copy and I loved it then too. The end is ,in my mind, is kind of weird. I love how in all the harry potter books, the story just flows really well. I always want to read more but unfortunately the books ended with the seventh one and I have already read that one about 3-5 times. I love this series a lot.
 Rowling once again wrote an outstanding book.  I weep buckets of tears when I think that there is only ONE more book to read.  Please, J. K., you can't leave us after only seven years!!
 I believe the condition for this book was set at good when I purchased it from the seller, and when I received it, it was not. Half the back cover was torn off, and it seems some of the pages had gotten wet at some point as well. There were no issues for reading the book, just the aesthetics weren't as promised.
 Book was in perfect condition, and shipping was very fast.  Great seller.  Would buy from again.
 I have about 100 pages left to read but I had to write a review. I can not put this book down. I hope she has started on the 7th book and I hope she writes more after that. I won't reveil any spoilers for those who haven't read it yet but just be assured you won't be dissapointed.
 This book was terrific!  For all the critics...There are millions of people who disagree with you.  I can't wait for the last book.<br/><br/>when I finished this book I had chills, watery eyes, and had to just sit and absorb all of my rolling thoughts.<br/><br/>Can't say more...
 The wait for this book was worth it - Prince is the best in the series across the board - writing, plot, continuity, etc.<br/>Although young folks love this series, this has gotten to be a more adult read in terms of violence -<br/>In terms of plot, the major event is breathtaking and who was involved in it was devastating.<br/>The 'final' installment of HP should be a spellbinder - can we sign up for it now, Amazon?<br/>Hope Rowling reconsiders and writes about an adult HP, providing of course, Harry survives book 7 - with all we go through in Prince, you never can tell.
 I Have read them all &amp; this is good but not as good as Order of the Phoenix.
 It is always exciting to read a new Harry Potter saga and this book was no exception.  I am looking forward to the movie in a few years and to book seven.
 wonderful,  imaginative fantasy.  the best of all six.  i was sorry when i finished.
 I love them- they fit my thick legs and look great but the sole just detached from the boot after wearing them a few times.
 Do not by the the pottmore edition of this book-- every few pages are missing.This is not a review of the story but about the product.This is my  first kindle download of a Harry potter novel and it's very annoying that it's missing pages.
 This is, what else, a fantastic book... you only have to know that it is number one ranked selling out of all the books in the world to realize that. Read it!
 I enjoy listening to books on cd. so i thought i would listen to the harry potter books on cd.
 Very good story, continued the masterful work and made me even more anxious for the last book.
 I'm a huge Harry Potter fan, and while I enjoyed this book very much (and sobbed at Dumbledore's death), I thought the characters weren't written very well.  Ron and Hermione not believing or supporting Harry was very unbelievable to me given how they were written in the first 5 books.  I also thought that some of the romance was funny, but not particularly well written.  Rowling should have stuck to action and adventure--her strength as an author is DEFINITELY not in romantic fiction.  I also thought Hermione underwent too much of a personality change.  She went from being my favorite female character in the series to way down on the list (Luna was my favorite after book 6).  In addition, after Neville's growth as a character in book 5 I was upset at how he was virtually absent from book 6.  Very disappointing.
 I would not tell you the story like others have, please be careful with some other spoiler reviews.<br/><br/>I just wanted to say that I did not enjoy this book as much as the previous ones, why? Well, because this Harry Potter is a vengeful resented boy that does not respect his family nor his teachers, hi disrespects the government and sometimes even his friends. I think that a young adult reading this book may misinterpret what is acting in favor of a greater good and what is acting in favor of revenge, resentment and hatred.<br/><br/>Oh, yes, this Harry is so full of hatred that is going to become a Sith Lord pretty soon.
 The package was a little more dog-eared than I expected but the discs were in great shape and I know who to call for more of this type of items.
 In my opinion second best of the series after the Goblet of fire. Suspense is taken beyond. Can't wait for the last book of the series.
 I enjoyed it.  Slow start but got into it.  I was happy that Harry got over his whining! It is what it is.  I enjoy being part of the on-going saga.  I am not disapponted but I think that 7 is all that any of us can take.
 I have no complains about the book, the shipment was rather quick and the book was like new. High rating for this book.
 Bought this book for my daughter...yes, she's a Harry Potter fan. She loved the book and I enjoyed the great service and quick delivery.
 I have enjoyed all the books in the Harry Potter series, but this book was much better than the last!  Darker, more emotional, and poignant, this book is geared more toward older readers.  Definitely worth the wait!
 Excellent book, very descriptive, several times I felt as though I was watching what was going on rather than reading a story.  I felt very connected to the characters throughout and even shed some tears nearing the end. I honestly can't wait for the next book, we have been left on tinderhooks wondering what is going to happen next and how is Harry going to overcome... Great work Ms Rowling!
 Once again JK Rowling has made an amazing book. This book is so wonderful and is a must. Even though it has a very sad ending, the story has unfold a lot more but even more secrets have been formed. I don't want to give anything away, but this book has a very tragic yet hopeful ending. If you like Harry Potter, you must buy this book.
 . . . from one hero to the other - that's what Half-Blood Prince is all about.  Dumbledore, wisest of wizards and most heroic of Harry's "helpers," literally and symbolically turns things over to Harry at the end of the 6th book in JKR's series.  The stage is thus set for the final battle we all knew was coming from the moment we completed Book 1.  Harry will face Voldemort alone - Book 6 makes that possible.<br/><br/>I do like this book - it's exciting, fairly well-plotted, and it's nice to see Harry thinking about things most normal 16-year-olds think about (like kissing girls, for example!).  It is, however, hampered by an excruciatingly slow opening (we don't even hear Harry's name for over 40 pages) and a bit too much Shyamalan-style trickery meant to suck the reader in before the trap is sprung in Book 7.  The opening chapter at first intrigued me - Rowling gives us our first-ever look at the real relationship between the Muggle government and the Ministry of Magic (along with a nicely veiled reference to the unholy alliance between the Muggle Prime Minister and "the President of a far distant country" . . . I wonder if Mr. Blair and Mr. Bush caught on???).  The rather silly conversation between Fudge and the Prime Minister, however, only serves to open up a huge can of worms Rowley simply isn't prepared to deal with.  What exactly IS the relationship between the Muggle world and the Magic one?  Come one - once you start filling in heads of state about the existence of magic and sorcery there's no way to keep all this quiet!  What's happening on the Internet?  I picture Muggle teenagers Googling "Dumbledore" and "Sirius Black" and plotting schemes to sneak onto the Hogwarts Express.  Reading the first chapter of Book 6, you might assume Rowling was ready to jump into the inevitable clash between the two worlds - the real one and her invented one.  But no, the Muggle world is forgotten the moment Chapter 2 begins.<br/><br/>Which brings up the trickery.  Chapter 2 was written solely to inject more doubts about the trustworthiness of Severus Snape.  Snape is one of Rawling's most interesting and fully-developed characters - he has just cause for hating Harry's father (in a way, James created his own enemy by taunting and bullying Snape - just as Voldemort has done by targeting Harry).  And we, as readers, have just cause for being suspicious of him - in each of the five previous books, Snape has done questionable things.  The fact that Dumbledore has always trusted him has never really satisfied us - remember, even Dumbledore admits to making real mistakes - even serious ones (like keeping Harry in the dark through much of Book 5).  So, when Snape makes the "Unbreakable Vow" that he will protect and aid Malfoy in some unidentified evil deed, we are closer than ever to believing that Dumbledore was indeed wrong about Snape, and that Harry has always been right.<br/><br/>The trap is sprung in Chapter 27 when Snape kills Dumbledore with the "Avada Kedavra" curse - and a "stupefied" Harry sees it all.  Rowling must be smiling in secret satisfaction as her readers conclude (as do Harry, his friends, and the members of the Order of the Phoenix) that Snape is a traitor who has always been doing Voldemort's bidding.  It's not true, of course.  But we won't find that out until Book 7.<br/><br/>It's quite clear that Snape did what Dumbledore asked him to do - he killed the Hogwarts Headmaster to set the ultimate stage for a final showdown between Harry and Voldemort.  It's no accident that Dumbledore took Harry with him on his last adventure - a harrowing Indiana Jones-style quest for one of the 7 "Horcruxes" holding elements of Voldemort's immortal soul.  It's no accident that a severely weakened Dumbledore demanded that Harry fetch Snape, and not Madame Pomfrey, when they returned to Hogwarts.  It's also no accident that Dumbledore silently immobilized Harry just as Malfoy and the Death Eaters raced into his office, leaving himself doubly vulnerable to attack.  It's all very clear - Dumbledore WANTED Snape to kill him.  It was necessary - it was all part of the plan!  Snape didn't want to do it (thus his argument with Dumbledore several chapters earlier), and Dumbledore had to beg him in the end ("Severus . . . please . . ."), but in the end Snape did what his master ordered him to do.  Think Judas and Jesus here, from the "Jesus Superstar" perspective - it's a huge master plan, and both the betrayer and the betrayed are playing their designated roles.  Snape kills Dumbledore, yes - but he also pushes Harry to the next phase in the story.  Dumbledore's death leaves Harry as the sole defender of the forces of goodness and love (as he must be to beat Voldemort).  By the end of Book 6, Harry is determined and focused - he will find the remaining Horcruxes and he will face Voldemort, one on one.  That was the plan, and Snape's part was necessary.  Snape's apparent betrayal protects his cover, which will allow him to remain close to Voldemort and the Death Eaters.  Again, it's part of the plan.<br/><br/>Actually, I'm quite certain Snape will play a valuable role in what happens between Harry and Voldemort in Book 7.  He WILL choose sides then and we'll see that he was always Dumbledore's man (just as Harry is).  Rowling has set this up very well - most of her readers are now convinced that Snape is a villain who is a threat to Harry.  Many won't realize the trap they've fallen into until Snape proves himself in the end - my guess is he won't survive the final book (some heroes must die before their heroism is understood).  The fact that the trickery was so obvious to some of us is a bit of a problem - then again, the book IS written for children!<br/><br/>Half-Blood Prince is a good read.  I do wish Rowling would give us a bit more about the Muggle-Magic interplay, but I guess that isn't her area of interest (while I wasn't at all surprised by the Harry-Ginny pairing, I was actually hoping Harry would find himself in love with a Muggle girl - all the focus on "half-bloods" and racial purity seemed pointed in that direction).  And the trickery is a bit annoying - like Mr. Shyamalan's films, it's too easy to see the "man behind the curtain," so to speak - it would be nice to have a little more wizardry and a little less con.  Still, in the end, you won't be disappointed.
 I love Harry Potter so it gets five stars.... I am bias.
 Pages are missing..... Like, multiple pages are blank in the book.
 Once I got the book, Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince, I was very disappointed to find that the book wasn't in very good condition. The cover is ripped and the edges are folded. I don't think this item was worth the $6.25.
 another book that I wanted to complete the set. It is good.
 bought as a gift to give someone they loved it.
 Love the Harry Potter series and this is at a reasonable price.
 this is the first time that I have used Amazon. I was a little reluctant, but the book came in excelent condition and arrived faster than I thought it would. Great service, Great Price, Great job. Thank you
 This book was great. End of story. Very sad at the end, but sets up so well for book 7 that I don't see how she is going is going to wrap it up in 1 book, unless it's over 1000 pages long. (That would be so great) FYI, to Andy who reviewed on July 22nd...a) All the Time-Turners were destroyed in the Department of Mysteries at the end of Book 5, so there is no way to go back in time to save Dumbledore. b)The scene with Malfoy, Snape and Dumbledore...what was Harry supposed to do? YOU CANNOT BLOCK THE AVADA KEDAVRA CURSE! c) Obviously, the Ministry didn't think that Voldemort would be hiring 16-year-olds to do his dirty work for him. A stroke of genius on Voldemort's part, but then that's why he's the most feared wizard in a century.  Just wait till the 7th book, it's gonna be amazing.
 One more feather in the cap of J.K. Rowling for her latest adventures of Harry and cohorts.  The book pages just dwindled as I thumbed my way through the exciting and tragic events.  As usual, the next book will not come soon enough.
 When I read the Harry Potter Stories I read them as if every word was true, it's as if I am in the book, and I cannot let go. So after all the events of book five I was just dying for the sixth book to arrive. I actually ordered the special edition that was sixty dollars (got it here for fifty) and was so exited before reading it. Sadly thats all the exitement there was. The book was slow paced, there was no real climax, and characters seemed out of character. There was too much romance for my taste, and it seemed to want to turn into a detective novel at certain times. As I read I couldn't help but feel I was reading some fan fiction.<br/><br/>I suggest people just to buy the paperback edition because this books is not even as exiting as the first one.
 The book was a wonderful read and very enjoyable. It was written to get you to get the next book just to see what she will come up with next and how all of the pices of the story fit together.
 I haven't finished the book but I really like it so far. I think if you have read all the previous books, there's no point in not getting the book.
 Great book, like all the rest!
 Rowliing has continued to write great plots for her wonderful characters. Kids who started reading this book should really relate to how the characters have grown just like them.
 Outstanding book, ties together everything in books 1-5.  Perfect storyline.  Still a book for the whole family to read.  Too bad there is only one more book in the series.  I will hate to see Harry go.  Thank you to Ms. Rowling, you are an outstanding author.
 book 6 harry potter
 Excellent item
 My mother wanted this book for christmas.<br/>I looked here and found the best price.<br/>Excellent timing on shipping too!<br/>Thank you.
 thank you
 I have an hour long drive to work 5 days a week. Being able to listen to this Audio book has been wonderful. I was a little worried about ordering a used copy it was perfect. No problem with the ordering or receiving.
 I have been an avid follower of the Harry Potter saga for several years now. I am surprised, reading some of the reviews, at the lack of critical reading of what happens in the end of book 6. I will try to explain.<br/>For me, the highlight of this book is the astounding ambiguity that sorrounds Snape's actions and Dumbledore's final words to him. Dumbledore implores, yes, but are we sure that we read his plea correctly? I get the sinking feeling reading the reviews that address these scenes, that Rowling has been very succesful at setting us all up for a big surprise on book 7 regarding the last seconds of Dumbledore's life (Sorry for the spoiler but you should not be reading reviews before reading the book).<br/>I think Harry is wrong, as he has often been about this character (Snape is, after all, so easy to hate). I think that there will be another encounter with Snape in book 7, but I do not believe that it will be what Rowlings wants us to anticipate here. I do believe that Snape will be the final lesson for Harry in his quest towards maturity (which is, after all, what these books are all about) I believe, based on the ambiguous motivation for his actions, that the killing of Dumbledore might turn out to be the act of ultimate loyalty on the part of Snape (Loyalty to Dumbledore, I mean, not to his ex Master). All you have to do to see this is consider the consequences if Snape had not acted as he did, and the fact that Dumbledore is well known for grasping the consequences of certain situations faster than anybody in the plot. In fact, the position of Harry in the cave with Dumbledore can be construed as akin to that of Snape in the Tower. Did he not promise to sacrifice Dumbledore's life should the wizard deemed it necessary? Knowing the kind of loyalty that Dumbledore inspires, how can we be certain that Snape is not actually doing what in all likelyhood is the lesser evil for Malfoy, Harry, and the Order of the Phoenix. Consider the scene in the tower as it is laid out, who is there, who is not there, and the consequences of either of them not doing what they are asked to do (or forced to do). Are you sure that Dumbledore's words really meant "please, do not kill me"? If you are, read the chapter again, because I think Rowling is toying with a weakness we, as readers, have: the need to believe that things are, in the end, what they seem to be, and the tendency to trust Harry's judgement in spite of Hermione's warnings (which usually turn out to be a more accurate assesment of the situation). Rowling has been doing this from the beginning of the series (consider how many characters seemed something else than what they turned out to be)<br/>And if none of the above convinces you of the fact that there is something more than what Harry sees in Snape's act (remember that we are supposed to go through his point of view as readers, only some of us are older and, alledgely wiser) consider then the decision of placing chapter 2 where it is. This chapter is not as clear cut as we might think, and if it were, it would have been a serious faux pas on the part of the author to give away such information to the readers. Rowling, so far, has not been guilty of deflating the plot by means of divulging too much info, quite the opposite.<br/>I am placing these thoughts in an envelope which I will reopen the day Book 7 comes out.<br/><br/>As much as I liked this book, probably for what it does not tell more than for what it does tell (since I am convinced this is a set up, brilliantly plotted to clear the way for what is coming)I think a star should be taken out of this book's review for the many examples of poor editing it contains. ("Ten years separates.." even a non native like me can recognize this as a sin of subject verb agreement)
 DUMBLEDORE DIES
 The book came really fast and exactly as described. The price was great too! I would buy from this seller again.
 Although I really enjoyed it, the Half-Blood Prince left me with the same feeling of dissatisfaction I had when I finished The Order of the Phoenix.  Too many questions, not enough answers.<br/><br/>The students of Hogwarts are, indeed, growing up.  Relationships between the opposite sexes are explored a bit, but like most of the rest of the book, you get the feeling that everything you're reading is merely a way to set up the next book.<br/><br/>I find myself more frustrated about waiting to find out what happens than delighted with the story this time, just as I did when I finished Phoenix.<br/><br/>I don't want to spoil the story for you, but it is true that a main character dies.<br/><br/>It took me about 5.5 hours to read the book, but I am a very speedy reader.
 I think I have figured something out.  Dumbledore is not dead. Snape is.<br/><br/>Dumbledore and Snape used the transfiguration potion to switch places.  I'm suspecting it was shortly after Dumbledore destroyed the horcrux ring, before school started after Snape made the UnBreakable vow to Malfoy's mother to either help Malfoy kill Dumbledore or kill Dumbledore himself.<br/><br/>Clue 1: Snape stops teaching potions, begins teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts.  Dumbledore is not great at potions but against the dark arts he is number 1#.  This is why Slughorn must be brought in to teach potions<br/><br/>Clue 2: The conversation that Hagrid overhears on p. 405-406.  Snape and Dumbledore secret meeting in the forest.  Snape and Dumbledore argue and Snape says he doesn't want to do something anymore.  This makes complete sense if Snape is really Dumbledore and Dumbledore is really Snape, i.e. Dumbledore is having second thoughts about going through with the ruse.<br/><br/>Clue 3: Dumbledore brags about his intelligence and abilities throughout his meetings with Harry-- this is very unDumbledore like and more Snape-like<br/><br/>CLUE 4: Whenever Harry brings up his suspicions to anyone, everyone from the Order-- Lupin, Mr. Weasley, etc. all say "I trust Snape completely."  Of course they do, Snape IS Dumbledore.<br/><br/>CLUE 6: Dumbledore is not fazed when Harry tells him about Malfoy's discussion with Snape at Christmas.  This is because, being Snape he already knows all about Malfoy plotting to kill Dumbledore because Malfoy's mother told him in the beginning.<br/><br/>Clue 7: Harry had to get the memory out of Slughorn, something Dumbledore should have very easily been able to do on his own, but if he was really Snape as Dumbledore, he might have been afraid that Slughorn would discover him<br/><br/>Clue 8 MOST REVEALING: When Dumbledore drinks Voldemort's potion in the cave to get to the locket the potion does something-- I believe it is a potion that makes people relive their worst memories.<br/><br/>"His face was twitiching as though...dreaming a horrible dream."  Snape is reliving his past with Voldemort.<br/><br/>When "Dumbledore" says  "I don't want...Don't make me..." he is not referring to Harry feeding him the potion, he is refering to Voldemort forcing him to reveal the prophecy. "No I don't want to...let me go..." etc.<br/><br/>Then he screams-- which is Voldemort torturing him in his past and says "No, no I can't."  And then "It's all my fault, all my fault....Don't hurt them, don't hurt them, please, please it's my fault, hurt me instead..." -- then after when he begins saying "No no not that, I'll do anything"-- further reliving being tortured at the hands of Voldemort, so Voldemort could extract the information on Lily and James Potter Snape overheard at the Hog's head.<br/><br/>Also Snape doesn't share the potion.  Nowhere does it say it has to be drunk by one person.  If they each drank half the effects wouldn't be so bad, BUT Snape has made the unbreakable vow, which means if he doesn't kill Dumbledore he himself will die.  He is not going to kill Dumbledore so it doesn't matter if he drinks the whole potion because he is going to die anyway.<br/><br/>CLUE 9:<br/><br/>When they return to Hogsmeade "Dumbledore" says he has to see Prof. Snape and keeps demanding to see him-- it is because he has to tell the real Dumbledore what happened.<br/><br/>CLUE 8:  When they see the Dark Mark in the sky it acts like a stimulant on Dumbledore, giving him energy and drawing him to it.  Snape, a former death-eater will always be magically drawn to the mark.<br/><br/>CLUE 9: On p. 586 he says to Malfoy, "Killing is not nearly as easy as the innocent believe"-- if he truly was Dumbledore-- someone who had never killed-- how would he know?  Only Snape would know what it felt like to kill having been a death-eater<br/><br/>CLUE 10: I believe the Half-blood prince book was given to Harry on purpose.  It was so he could improve his skills for the coming battle.  If Snape taught him in person, as we found out in the last book things wouldn't go well and Harry wouldn't learn, because of their personal animosity<br/><br/>CLUE 11:The way "Dumbledore" talks to Malfoy-- as if he truly knew him.<br/><br/>CLUE 12: Snape arrives on the scene -p. 595-- Dumbledore says "Severus..." and Harry notices how "for the first time, Dumbledore was pleading."  The real Snape (as Dumbledore) is pleading with the real Dumbledore to kill him quickly.  The hatred on fake Snape's face before he kills fake Dumbledore is a hatred of the dark magic he is now forced to preform-- Real Dumbledore has never done the Avada Kedavra curse before.<br/><br/>CLUE 13:  Now that "Snape" seems to have killed "Dumbledore" the death-eaters will fully trust him and take him back with them.  Thus the real Dumbledore will now go undercover into Voldemort's lair, where he will be able to be close enough to Voldemort to kill him or more likely help Harry kill him.<br/><br/>CLUE 14: p. 604-- "Snape" actually has a chance to kill Harry -- but doesn't.  The whip-like thing hits Harry across the face which hurts but is not a deadly curse-- like he would've used if he really wanted to kill Harry<br/><br/>CLUE 15:<br/><br/>p. 609 When Harry gets to the locket he sees it isn't the real Slytherin locket.  Yet the locket they took out of the fountain seemed to be the real one.  The real locket was taken by the real Dumbledore.  The note was written by the real Dumbledore.<br/><br/>The initials R.A.B. do not refer to one person, but are the first initials of the first names of some surviving members of the Order of the Phoenix-- R- for Remus Lupin  A- for Albus Dumbledore B-- could be Bill--  but the RAB theory I am not certain of -- Regardless I think the word "Albus" is what the A stands for<br/><br/>CLUE 16: The Felix Felicis-- when Ron and Hermione say it must not have worked because the fight at the castle seemed to have gone all wrong-- actually it went perfectly-- it was all supposed to happen this way to allow the real Dumbledore to get into Voldemort's lair.<br/><br/>CLUE 17: No one satisfactorily ever really explains why Dumbledore trusts Snape so completely.  It is because they've been in on this plan together possibly having intended it for years.<br/><br/>Snape came over to the good side after Voldemort forced him to confess the prophecy he heard, under extreme torture.  Afterwards he was so consumed by guilt, especially over Lily's death, who was the only person at Hogwart's who was ever nice to him that he left Voldemort.<br/><br/>I also have a theory about the final horcrux whose origin is unknown-- but its not that definitive-- i think it may be Harry's invisibility cloak-- which maybe belonged originally to the first Gryfindor guy.  It does seem to be a rare object in their world or possibly Harry himself is a horcrux-- which would be weird but interesting
 Fine
 ...but still a good read. You really are left with the impression that this book is just setting up for a big conclusion. I hope Rowling still has some surprises in store for #7.
 Amazing book, Jo did a great job on on the plot. Ginny and Harry finally get together. In the end Dumbledor got killed by SNAPE!
 Quality bound hardback arrived in perfect condition and was half the price of the other copy I bought locally.
 The condition of the book is very good.<br/>It is almost new.<br/>My daugther likes the book.
 Loved the book.
 This book, will really make you sad.  J.K. Rowling really did a good job with this one, and sucks the reader in.  Well worth the money.
 ordered this book for my eleven year old son, and he enjoyed it immensely. Book arrived promptly, and in excellent condition.
 The Harry Potter book (story) is, as everyone knows, fantastic. But the hardcover book itself is a crappy piece that would have been better off printed in paperback.It doesn't help that I was sent a used library copy.
 I love this book, and I can't wait until the last one!!! :)
 Purchased for my step daughter
 I ordered the book to send to someone else, but from what I received as feedback from them, it got there very timely! Thanks!
 I couldn't wait to get this book in my hands - had a race going with my niece to see who could finish first - I haven't spoken to her - but I'd bet it was me. I'm done - I read it in about a day - I couldn't put it down.<br/><br/>This book really does answer a lot of questions that Harry has as well as the reader.  I like the the author took us along the past of Voldemort and she has really set us up for the final book.  When will that be out?!? I can't wait - I may just have to reread all of them again.<br/><br/>Enjoy this one it reads fast for 652 pages!!!  :-)
 I don't think this one is as good as the others before it, but maybe that's because it's so much darker.  And &lt;SPOILER&gt; what!! Dumbledore killed by Snape!!!  I have the feeling he's not really completely gone.  He'll be back in some form or another to help Harry in Book 7.  BTW (by the way), I really don't like the proposed name of Book 7.  I mean, what the heck are "deathly hallows".  How about HP and the Hallows of Death, or HP and the Deadly Hallows.  Both make more sense.<br/><br/>I'm just saying....
 Hi,<br/><br/>The seller did tell me that the first tape was broken but I thought that was something I could repair.  However, when I got the "boxed set" of tapes, 3 were missing.  That's a lot different from "one being broken".
 Leaves us wanting more......I agree with others that book number 7 is going to have to be epic in length to answer all of the questions!
 This was one of the movies that my daughter grew up with and we watched it many, many times. I am sure I will see it again.
 the book was ok but the very top of the book was black have no idea why.  i did not rmeember ordering this book but kept it anyway. jpiisila
 haven't read it yey.  L-O-V-E the HP series.  Am reading 5 over again before I start the sixth book.  Want the experience to last as long as I can.<br/><br/>Read books 1-4 over again when I got the fifth one.<br/><br/>Kudos kudos and more kudos to Ms. Rowling!
 great
 Loved it
 I still can't believe that JKR killed the person the did. But I loved that book on a whole. The ending is totally unexpected. I do agree with another reviewer who said that parents of young kids should preview this book before their children read it. But Harry is growing up, so the books are going to change into older kids books.
 This was a wonderful book, great reading!! I can't wait until book 7!!
 The best thing I love about ordering from Amazon..is that I get my order within three days! Its always the anticipation of getting your purchase, and I never have to wonder with Amazon!
 Hello, it's Harry Potter.
 The product is abviously fine, but the book arrived about a week or two late.
 I thought the last book (order of the phoenix) showed a decline in the series. However, this book is much better. The story is back on track and now we have to wait only for the conclusion.
 Best book in the Series. I could not stop reading.
 So i bought the entire harry potter series in December and i finally got around to reading this book (book 6).  Turns out the book is missing the entire last chapter!!  And since i took too long to read the books, amazon wont let me return it since i missed the return date.  So now i have a book that i paid for that doesn't have an ending.  my advice to any buyers is to check all the books you buy to make sure you have all the pages when you receive them  otherwise you wont be able to return them.
 The book was received in like new condition and was received days before I expected it.
 Provides more depth to most of the characters and moves the plot along nicely. A great addition to one of the best fantasy series, either adult or children's, that I've come across so far.
 The book was in great condition and delivered exactly as specified. I would purchase from this seller again.
 Did not receive bloomsbury copy! False advertising.
 The books are way better than the movies. Fast shipping from the seller!!! Book in excellant condition.
 Expected it to be in a little bit better condition
 Lets just say I have a "Lord of the Rings" feeling after reading this book.  I can't wait for Book 7 so I can have my doubts and fears about Harry's fate resolved.  Overall, the book is very good.  Now I can stop neglecting my family.
 Neat
 Typical Harry Potter story.  Very good and interesting. It is worth your time
 Very simply put... best book of them all.... not much more can be said... thrilling, and captavating!
 I know this will offend many who are Harry Potter die hards but...<br/><br/>I can't even put in to words how disappointing this series is getting.  It started off so good (and the overall plot was decent but) the more books she writes the worse they get.  I am totally in agreement with the review above; this book is like a bad episode of Saved by the Bell!!!  I am so sorry I wasted my time reading it!!  But you almost have to at this point..
 I loved Half-Blood Prince.  Sure, there are parts I would change, and the love scenes were a bit revolting.  But, nothing is perfect.  Bring on book seven!
 There was mold on the back from being wet.
 Very disappointing, the book had no cover and is not in good condition. The outside of the book is dirty and rough looking.  I feel the  advertisement didn't match the product. This was going to be a Christmas gift for someone who is looking to collect all the Harry Potter books. I will need to find another one. I will be returning this book.
 I don't like this series of books.  My grandson selected it.
 Disappointed this didn't have the outside cover.
 Did not recieve UK edition. Falsely advertised.
 I was charged twice for the same product.
 Binding is completely falling apart in multiple places. Still readable but must be very gentle while turning pages in order not to rip them from the binding.
 I read the book and was not impressed for one Harry Potter never encounter Voldemort in this book, for two it seem that the book was written to pave the way for four more books inorder to make more money, while Dubledore was killed at the end I am sure he will come back in the next book 7.  Also at the end when Harry Potter was battling Snape he seemed weak and I hate the fact that he is going to drop  out of school to go after Voldemort while he is not strong enough to take him on. I also believe Snape is a double agent and the reason doubledore want Harry Potter to think Snape is evil is because he can't hide his thoughts so someone one would read his mind and realize that Snape is not evil and dubledore will lose his inside advantage, you can tell because Snape did not kill Harry Potter at the end which he could have easily done And Snape also let Harry Potter use his old school book. I also heard rumors that Potter might end up dead by the end of the series which I don't like. I almost tossed to book out the window and if there is four more books i can honestly say i will not buy another one, while i do like reading harry potter books i feel like i am being led along and having my pockets picked just to make someone richer, whats worst i heard the next books have not been written yet. Personally I would like to see Harry Potter grow-up to adult hood and become a powerful wizard it shows that nomatter what background you come from anything is possible if you believe.
 I bought this book on PREORDER in FEBRUARY. Amazon said they GUARANTEED DELIVERY ON THE RELEASE DATE if you chose Standard Shipping. I guess someone at Amazon didn't notice that the release date was a saturday, and UPS, the carrier they chose to ship with, doesn't ship on Saturdays.<br/><br/>The rest of this series will be bought from Border's. Hopefully they know what "GUARANTEED DELIVERY ON THE RELEASE DATE" means.
 Good
 It didnt even have all the discs! Such a rip off.
 Except for missing tape 8 it was fine.
 It marked "New", but it definitely is used.
 I don't read Harry Potter, I catch the movies.  But I got this for my wonderful girlfriend who drove accross country in her hoopty.  She really enjoyed it.  I hear someone dies in it, which is probably a downer for most, but my girlfriend digs downers.<br/><br/>One note, she likes the guy who reads it, but she is offended that a dude is the voice for Hermoine.
 Are you kidding me Harry Potter and the half baked prince. When I first opened the book all I saw was the side and I was very pleased seeing as how there aren't many lines from opening the book. However the top of the front it ripped and instead of half- blood it says half baked. Ha ha ha good joke but what i'm confused about is why would someone even ship this if it says that must not care.
 The books get longer and longer.  Harry is in danger and then Harry escapes.  Harry can read the bad guy's mind.  Harry has amazing luck.
 I loved the book! All of these books are amazing! Love the adventure!
 giving it a one makes more readers pay attention! But its definitly not Rowling's best. I would give it maybe a 2.5, based on the ending scenes alone. I really feel that the Goblet of Fire was the peak of the series, and the next two books have been a sort of filler to lead up to the seventh and final installment.<br/><br/>Once more, Harry is back at Hogwarts, and thankfully this time he has outgrown his teenage angst (for the most part anyway)But, as was the problem in the fifth book, nothing much seems to happen for the first 500 pages or so. Harry has suspiciouns, we hear glimpses about people dying, etc. but no big events happen, and I really felt like Rowling was just killing time until the real action starts.<br/><br/>And when it starts, the magic of the Harry Potter series is found. I won't say anymore, as not to give plot points away, but even though I have been thoroughly disapointed with the Order of the Phoenix and now the Half Blood Prince, I am still eagerly awaiting the seventh book, in hopes it will answer the myriad of questions raised in HBP, as well as restore my faith in Rowling's ability as a story-teller.
 I must say I empathize with Rowling. When your the wealthiest person in England what motivation could there be to sitting down and actually writing a half way decent book. Apparently very little because this is the worst of a series and book 5 was only modestly better.<br/><br/>Don't waste your time. Read Eragon and Eldest instead.
 Half-Blood Prince is easily one of the better books in the Harry Potter series, though each is a masterpiece. But the 6th installment of a 7-part series is bound to be full of great moments in the story. There remains a great deal unanswered in this book, however, and the 7th will surely need to be no smaller than an average encyclopedia. Somehow as I was reading this book, I felt that I was learning more and at a quicker rate than in Order of the Phoenix, but so many of Harry's problems and questions took so long to reach any sort of answer or resolution that I still ended up not knowing many of the secrets I expected to be revealed in this book. It must be that Rowling, in her grand scheme, is saving much for the last book. One thing seems to be for certain, though, and that is that Rowling will never lose that special touch, that supreme and genuine interest in the story and its characters that makes the writing so engrossing. After completing this book, I was in a state of total shock and to this moment I wish only to read the seventh book.<br/><br/>Half-Blood Prince is dark; I mean far darker than the last. This is the time I have always known was inevitable in the Harry Potter world, at last we are seeing chaos and war and battles break out within the walls of Hogwarts itself. Several of the chapters are particularly well-written, with great suspense and imagery; an example would be the time Harry and Dumbledore spent in the cave. Relationships blossom in this book at last, including Harry suddenly falling in `love' with Ginny Weasley, Ron dating Lavender Brown, Pansy and Draco clearly going out, and some serious hinting at a possible romance between Ron and Hermione when he gets rid of Lavender. Some of the focus on their teenage jealousies and squabbles, and their newfound interest in dating and `snogging,' was a cute touch, but admittedly not what I was exactly looking for. After all, it was more fluff than anything else, and certainly none of it was real love. Then, the useless couple of Tonks and Lupin was introduced in the end; all well and good, I suppose, but again not something that overjoyed me. The end of the book is very sad indeed, yet, I was not crying--I was merely shocked, flabbergasted at the circumstances. A Snapeless, Dumbledoreless Hogwarts that Harry Potter is not intending to return to next year? Yes, you heard right. Harry wants to go off and find all of Voldemort's remaining Horcruxes and face the final battle on his own.<br/><br/>Much of the book is devoted to Harry witnessing important memories in the Pensieve with Dumbledore so that he can gain a greater understanding of his enemy, the Dark Lord. Now, I have long been a fan of Severus Snape. I admit I love him. Most of my reasons for loving Harry Potter center on him. And while much was learned about him in this book, much is still unknown, and what we do now know is shocking. To begin with, we learn the names of his parents, muggle Tobias Snape and witch Eileen Prince (yes, Snape is the Half-Blood Prince.) It is also known that Snape overheard the prophecy regarding Harry &amp; Voldemort and told the Dark Lord about it; however, supposedly he showed enough remorse after Voldemort used the information to kill Harry's parents that Dumbledore forgave and entrusted him. Many are accusing Dumbledore of naivety for this, but I believe that they are only looking at what is plainly on the surface of this book and forgetting many things. I will explain later why, amazing as it may seem, my love for and faith in Snape remain unshaken despite the fact that this book, from its beginning, seems to be saying that he is still on Voldemort's side. I believe it's too simple for Rowling to be writing that he is, after all, evil. To me it seems a set-up. Additionally, I was expecting a surprising reason for Dumbledore to trust Snape, not a simple apology. There must still be more to this than meets the eye.<br/><br/>Before I explain my case about Snape, I'll mention some of the things that remain a mystery after this book. Sev's patronus and greatest fear don't come up (in fact, while Tonks' patronus is revealed, Boggarts don't receive any mention.) Some interesting information is supposedly going to be divulged regarding both Lily and Petunia, but neither of them played much of a role in book 6.<br/><br/>So on to my favorite character, who ends up being the Prince mentioned in the title. When I first finished this book, I was somewhat upset because while I still loved Snape, I was aware that what he'd just done was not steering in the direction of redemption, as I had hoped to see him going. I also knew that, at least until some point in Book 7, almost everyone (in the books and in real life) would turn against Snape and regard him as a treacherous dog. Yet, after composing myself and reviewing what I'd read, I realized that I just cannot accept him as truly evil, or Dumbledore as an old fool.<br/><br/>Now, before reading this book, if I had to make a list of impossible things that could never happen...Snape killing the Headmaster and fleeing the school with a bunch of Death Eaters, would have been right at the top of the list. But, I'd have been wrong. I had a very strong feeling that Dumbledore would be the one to die in this book. But I never saw the way it happened coming. In the beginning of the story, Snape came in rather quickly. Once Harry was at school, Snape finally got the Defense Against the Dark Arts post he'd longed for. I was cheering. (Yes, he is no longer Potions Master.) But it turned out not to matter. In the second chapter, Narcissa Malfoy and her sister, Bellatrix Lestrange, visit the home of Sev and he makes with Narcissa (possibly out of love) an Unbreakable Vow--that Snape will help her son Draco carry out a task ordered of him by Voldemort, and will complete it himself should Draco prove unable. The task, it seems in the end, was to kill Dumbledore. Draco does prove unable, and Snape carries it out. Yet, it cannot be this simple. Dumbledore may have been aware of the task, and the Vow. From the moment Dumbledore returns from the cave, weakened, having drunk an unknown potion set by Voldemort to guard a Horcrux, he says he needs Severus. He never says what for, never asks to be healed. When Snape arrives Dumbledore calls his name and says 'please' (pleading for his life, as everyone assumes, or something else?) before Snape aims the curse at him that kills him.<br/><br/>This seems twisted, monstrous, unforgivable, no? Exactly: No. Not in my opinion, at least. I do not think it was Snape's choice to kill Dumbledore, but that the Headmaster had at least one reason for telling him that he must do this horrible deed. Of course from Harry's perspective (Harry, who has inherited, as Lupin says, a prejudice against Sev) it was cold-blooded murder and betrayal and he now wants to destroy Snape as much as Voldemort. But this too is far too simple; clearly, as the book ends on this note, there are things Harry does not understand about what has happened.<br/>He has forgotten, for instance, about the argument overheard by Hagrid, between Snape and Dumbledore. This point never was addressed again, yet amidst all the turmoil, who can blame it for being overlooked? Consider it. Dumbledore telling Snape he must do something that Snape does not wish to do. For several reasons I can think of (mainly involving the Death Eaters and the Malfoys), this argument connects directly to the death of Albus. And what of the mysterious order given Snape at the end of "Goblet of Fire," at which he turned pale? Clearly he is being asked to do things most difficult, to make great sacrifices; how can the most enigmatic person turn out to be clear-cut evil?<br/>Read carefully and you'll see that Snape has hatred and revulsion etched into his face when he performs the fatal Avada Kedavra. I see these emotions not as directed at his target, which Harry naturally assumes, but stemming from the act he is about to commit. It never really occurs to Harry that Sev may have been feeling the same things he'd been feeling when he was bound by his promise to force-feed the convulsing Dumbledore, does it? Probably far worse.<br/>Snape acts rather outrageously for the remainder of his time in the story, not shockingly, yet he refuses to allow any harm to come to Harry (clearly Dumbledore would've wanted that). He seems to be in pain and becomes furious at the mere suggestion that he is a coward--because he has just done the most difficult and least cowardly thing ever asked of him. Dumbledore has repeatedly stated that Harry's life is more important than his own, and that Harry understands less than he. And the facts remain that he has in the past done much good despite his suspicious nature, &amp; that not everything he told Bellatrix about staying loyal to Voldemort can be true. My final point has to do with the words Dumbledore cried while drinking the potion in the cave. I don't know why, but I feel these words are important, and that after the escapade Dumbledore may have known the end was near.<br/><br/>Thus I rest my case. Avid Harry Potter readers will want to dive into this one, I'm certain, and those who haven't yet discovered it should do so. Only possible complaints? 1) Too short; 2) Not enough anticipated answers given, yet new questions raised, 3) Disturbing ending leaves you frustrated waiting for the next book.
 J.K.R took too long to write this and the result feels like too long of a chapter in a longer book. With Harry and company reaching young adult ages, this book is neither a children's book nor adult, and excites neither. She is detached and void of passion as the writer, as are the characters and the reader. Everyone is shows up for work with a job to do, and perform roles in a sales and marketing venture and get done with it, making her and the HP moneymaking machine another round of gold. The experience is underwhelming and disappointing, quite a waste of time :-(
 HALF OF THE CDS TO THE AUDIO BOOK I BOUGHT WERE MISSING AND THE ONES THAT I DID RECEIVE WERE DAMAGED.
 I already have the scholastic edition of this book, and I was expecting the Bloomsbury edition, and that's not what I got!!! SO upset!!!
 When my wife plays the tapes they skip in places. We have tried different players and that didn't help, they still skiped.
 There's not much magic in the writing of Harry Potter 6 -- just an inconvenient school year to grind through without too much conclusiveness to obviate HP 7. The firts chapter, the confrontation between the Muggle Prime Minister and the Minister of Magic, is the funniest and best in the book; thereafter, it's all plot exposition and foreshadowing of the "final solution" we will all have to pay hard earnings for in a couple of years.<br/>I want to go on record: there will be a final shoot-out between Snape (who will redeem himself by a final repentance) and Voldemort, thus saving Harry from the onus of killing.<br/>Postscript: Months later, I've reread this review, and I find that my opinion hasn't changed much. There's a rumor afloat that Rowling's is considering "bumping off" Harry himself in the last volume. Well, I double-dare her! The Grand Ayatolless of Wicca would put a bounty on her head. On the whole, however she chooses to conclude her profitable serial, Rowling has still not managed to equal the Bible in incoherence or implausibility.
 I ordered books 1-7 and received only one book so cannot rate the purchase.
 My other message seems to have disappeared also.  Pages 213 - 244 are MISSING from my book.  They were not ripped out, I suspect magic on this muggle.  Anyone else have a book like this?  If it is the only one I will let it go for $10,000.<br/><br/>It is frustrating to be reading alone and BAM the book skips from 212 to 245!!!
 I hope you could check the whole commentary at Inkish Kingdoms! (Check my profile)<br/><br/>I think this will not be a regular review… there are so many things to talk about this book and the movie that I do not “like” or think could have been better. I couldn’t stop and I literally sit for hours and read it without doing my regular… school stuff…<br/><br/>Through all my childhood and teenage years I found Harry to be annoying and just a kid desperate to have something back of what was taken away from him… then I started to read the books, yes… too late but I did it at the end, and then… Harry was not that bad… I mean he was curious, normal for a kid, he heard voices from the walls, not normal for a kid, he was chased by the killer of his parents and wanted revenged, understandable… Then someone was trying to kill him… and had to train for his life!! And then the order happened… and he became the most annoying he could come to be… a teenager…
 I'd read where book #5 was the only installment where Rowling didn't work with an editor, and it turned me off a bit. "Half-Blood Prince" brought back the standard that sucked me into the series and got me bingeing. Yet another book that has kept me up into the wee hours of the morning, dying to know what follows.<br/><br/>Rowling curbed Harry's angsty arrogance a bit (for the sake of saving the reader from insanity or maybe because Harry's maturing, idk) - and it worked. I'm a little ambivalent about how it so drastically swung from Harry being belligerently, impulsively, arrogantly angry and therefore wrong in book 5 to belligerently, impulsively, arrogantly angry but right in book 6. But I let it slide.<br/><br/>Less of a piling up of new characters in this novel, making the plot significantly easier to follow. As a matter of fact, my favourite thing about this novel is how humanized ALL major characters are. Idealized characters are given weaknesses, shallow characters given personality and most importantly, 'bad' charaxters are humanized. Characters who've always been hated are finally given room for pity with the presentation of a background story. I love me a good psychopath background story and this one was well-done. Bad guys are rarely just bad guys, and it's important to teach this to kids.<br/><br/>Hate all the spoilers about Snape in the reviews because I've been enjoying hating him and this book makes that hatred bubble and pop. I'll enjoy hating Snape just a little bit longer, since I don't know what makes him this hero everyone says he is.<br/><br/>There are elements of thrill, suspense, mystery, action, tragedy, humor and (newly introduced) romance in this one. All elements are well-balanced, never overfed. Chapters flew by, I was never bored (unlike Order of the Phoenix which was miserable). Descriptions were vivid, narrative voice strong, lovely little twists planted in this plot's garden.<br/><br/>Overall, probably my third favorite of the six books thus far. Left me looking forward to the last chapter of the series with curiosity and enthusiasm.
 You know, Harry’s not always right, but I do wish that sometimes people would just give what he has to say a bit more credence. He does actually look past his own biases quite often before making pronouncements. He understands the consequences of falsely accusing someone quite well.<br/><br/>I love this book for many reasons, partly because we get to spend so much time with Dumbledore – I know it doesn’t seem like a lot when you actually count out the time we’re with him, but it feels like a lot while experiencing the book. Another, large, part of the reason I love it so much is that you can see just how much Harry has matured and grown.<br/><br/>I won’t say too much here, because I don’t want to spoil anything (for all two of you that haven’t read the series yet). I remember the HUGE disappointment I felt for people that were spoiled about the BIG end before they’d been able to read it. I remember waiting in line to buy this book, and starting to read it on the way home (I wasn’t driving – don’t worry). I remember the tenterhooks that I was on while I read, trying to imagine how things were going to play out.<br/><br/>And I have to say, this is probably one of the top two most satisfying books to re-read in this series (the other being Prisoner of Azkaban). There’s so much nuance that you can catch after having finished the series. PoA shows you things almost immediately; HBP needs the last book to fully appreciate all the groundwork and clues and story laid down.<br/><br/>Immediately upon finishing this book I thought: This is my favorite! I love it so much! But then I realized that I’ve said that about nearly every book in this series. So. There you have it. Another fabulous installment in the Harry Potter series. And now…the finale. The one that I anticipated like no other and dreaded just as much.<br/><br/>Deathly Hallows here I come.
 I love plenty of individual moments in this penultimate Harry Potter book, but if I'm being truly objective, its flashback-heavy narrative arc is a bit of a step down for the series. As usual author J.K. Rowling is juggling several different plots for this volume, but the main throughline of the boy wizard learning more about his enemy's backstory features rather more exposition than action or personal growth. As with a running subplot about Harry suspecting a classmate of undefined villainy, there's a tendency for the story to hit the same beats over and over again with little variation.<br/><br/>Against that backdrop, it's the smaller scenes and character moments that have to carry the day -- and by and large, they do. New professor Horace Slughorn is an interesting addition to our understanding of Slytherins, Harry's mentor relationship with Dumbledore gets developed most poignantly, and the titular mystery over a former textbook-owner is a delightfully small-stakes throwback to the early Potter novels. Even the teen romance angle works better for me than I know it does for some readers, and I do enjoy learning more about Lord Voldemort's origins, even if the delivery method can feel a bit a clunky at times.<br/><br/>When this story finally kicks into gear in its last few chapters, the result easily matches the best moments of the rest of the series. I wish that Rowling could have maintained that level of quality throughout the whole novel, but unfortunately the cracks in her endgame are already beginning to show.
 Do I really have to write a review for this book? I mean, it has something like 1,892,468 ratings and 29,593 reviews on Goodreads. No joke...I copy/pasted that number! So, I mean, do I really HAVE to review this book?<br/><br/>Do I? Fine. Okay, here's what I didn't like...some of the scenes dragged on and on. That's it. Nothing else wrong with the book and I can't exactly put my finger on exact scenes that stuck out at me. I just know that quite a few times I wanted to get back to the action.<br/><br/>Having read this book AFTER seeing the movies first—this is my first read through, okay?—I also want to fangirl over someone. But, that's only because I know spoilers. I can't exactly fangirl over actions in this book until I get through the next. So, Y'all just wait because I WILL read the next book as soon as I can!<br/><br/>Anyway, though I felt this book was slow in parts, it's still a fantastic book and I cannot wait to pick up the next.<br/><br/>I also want to say that you'll appreciate this book more after you have finished the series. So, if this is the first time you're reading it, go back and reread after you finish.<br/><br/>J.K. Rowling is truly an excellent storyteller. She's created memorable characters that I love, a world that fascinates me and a network of families that provide richness and depth to the story. The book is rich in historical facts pertaining to Hogwarts which makes it feel like a legitimate place I could visit. It doesn't feel unrealistic. It's just magic. J.K. Rowling created magic with this series.
 Book six finds Harry Potter at 16 years of age, a year away from the Wizarding World coming-of-age mark. Spoilers ahead if you haven't read books 1-5. Voldemort is at large, Sirius is dead, a prophecy portends that either Harry or Voldemort must die in order for the other to live, and Harry is left feeling more hollow and alone than ever. Thankfully, he rediscovers just how important friends are to him and how much he means to them, as well. It seems his teenage fits of "nobody understands me" is mostly behind him.<br/><br/>Harry is put through a kind of coming-of-age test in this book where he learns a great deal about Tom Riddle's, Voldemort's, past through Dumbledore. The most interesting part of the book, at least for me, is how Harry learns, through memories of the Pensieve, just how sociopathic old Voldy is. The psychology behind the monster is quite interesting and helps Harry to understand, at least he hopes, his enemy.<br/><br/>However, this book is still very much a part of a series that takes place at a school for learning. Hogwarts is still a main focus, and the title of the book itself focuses on an old Potions book Harry finds to assist him in his Auror classes. The book belonged to the pen name "The Half-Blood Prince;" it is heavily marked with writing of hints and helpful tips that assist Harry in excelling in Potions, especially since Professor Snape has been switched from Potions to Defense Against the Dark Arts. A sign that Harry insists isn't good. The new Potions teacher is one Professor Slughorn, a portly professor who has a deep affection for students he believes will go far, which, of course, includes Harry.<br/><br/>This is a quite different book from most of the series and, for that, it stands out because, once again, Voldemort as a current wizard takes a bit of a backseat. The war is waging its toll, there are deaths and near-misses, and the Muggle world is beginning to notice that there's something fishy going on.  With only one book left to go, the tension is ever larger that the great showdown will occur.
 Harry Potter discovers a book owned by the mysterious Half-Blood Prince which contains secret, helpful additions to Potions recipes. By following them, Harry quickly becomes the best student in the class, much to Hermione’s frustrations. Dumbledore meanwhile has finally allowed Snape the position of Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, and Harry is struggling to believe Snape isn’t actually on Voldemort’s side and manipulating Dumbledore’s gracious nature. But meetings with Dumbledore and looking into old memories through the pensieve will reveal more to Harry about the mysterious Tom Riddle than he could have imagined, possibly even generating Harry’s sympathy for the Dark Lord. What caused the boy Tom to turn so dark, and just how similar are he and Harry? A deeper look into the most evil wizard of all time awaits in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. For similar recommended books, discussion questions, or a themed recipe of Lemon Drop Cupcakes with Raspberry Jam Frosting and Crystallized Pineapple to honor Dumbledore, visit Letter Pile.
 Got it for my grandson to please him, but personally, I DO NOT agree with Harry Potter books.  Not for the minds of young  people today!
 Overall Rating: 3/5<br/>Story: 3/5<br/>Characters: 3/5<br/>World-Building: 3.5/5<br/>Editing/Presentation: 4/5<br/><br/>Story: The pacing was pretty good for this installment of the Harry Potter series, particularly in action scenes. The story itself, of bringing in Voldemort’s background and what Malfoy’s up to, are necessary and executed decently well. However, it seemed that we could’ve got a lot more story, and there were definitely missed opportunities with developing some plot points more. It was also a strangely upbeat book, considering how dark the last one was and how dark this one is at the end.<br/>Characters: The main characters were well-developed. We see Harry isn’t a Gary Stu and actually starts causing trouble on purpose. We definitely see a lot more to Ron and Hermione (at last), as well. While the characterization was good for these three (and Dumbledore and Slughorn), however, it lacked in other characters. These characters are Ginny, Malfoy, and Snape. Ginny ending up with Harry is abruptly forced and not at all developed; I’d like to see more of them hanging out with each other not to just establish more of an actual relationship between them but to also show more of Ginny’s character. Malfoy and Snape, for being important to the story, also aren’t seen so much. Yes, Malfoy fades into the background and is no longer strutting around like he owns the place, but he could have had more development to bring in more of his struggles. Snape especially, however, should have gotten a lot more development. He was important to the plot, AND he finally got the Defense Against the Dark Arts post, but we hardly see much of him or the effect this new post has.<br/>There was also another topic that was mainly overlooked. In the beginning of the book, we see that Harry is clearly upset about Sirius’s death. However, as the book goes on (even still in the beginning), it’s like Sirius didn’t exist at all and Harry doesn’t even feel depressed—in fact, he seems quite content with life until Malfoy starts acting up, and even then, it’s not like Harry’s feeling many bad emotions. Towards the end, Sirius is brought up again as Harry’s in detention and it’s stated that he lost so many people who stood up for him, but…it’s bad. It’s only thrown in there for fun and Harry hardly feels anything. Sirius was important to the plot, yes, but I don’t think it was 100% necessary to make him Harry’s godfather, since the relationship never really existed between them and felt forced from the start.<br/>World-Building: The world-building was decent, and it was nice to see the centaurs and the merpeople back in the end to pay their respects to Dumbledore. I also liked that, in the beginning, we see bits of newspaper clippings (I somehow forgot to mention how much I love seeing the newspaper printings like I’m actually reading the newspaper, a good effect for world-building), and it’s clever how if the page is “covered” by something or continues on another page, we don’t see it. When Dumbledore and Harry went to the cave, the descriptions were nice and really worked to bring in the dark effect.<br/>Editing/Presentation: The green scheme of the cover makes it very eye-catching. The positioning of Harry and Dumbledore is done well, too, while it’s nice to see the other characters finally making an appearance on the back cover (with the symbolic Dark mark and tower). The editing was pretty good, though there was a lot of italic punctuation where there wasn’t supposed to be, and there were still run-on sentences that I’d have to reread. It was otherwise fine.<br/>I actually enjoyed this book a lot, but there were quite a few problems with it when looking from the story aspects. Lots of development was looked over, which could have definitely made the book stronger if they were added in.<br/><br/>—Sean Crastien<br/>(Author of the Clear as Mud series, The Fire Phoenix, and the M.R. series)
 So many things have changed at Hogwarts.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is a complete turnaround from the angsty nightmare that was Order of the Phoenix.  There are EMOTIONS and it is BEAUTIFUL and character development happens and I LOVE IT.<br/><br/>Half-Blood Prince is my favorite book after Prisoner of Azkaban.  There is so much going on, and a BIG adventure is starting, and THINGS ARE GETTING REALLY REALLY REAL.  I could go on and on about how this book is delicious and how Rowling is my Queen.  How the writing is perfect, the characters are perfect, the story is perfect, I miss getting new Harry Potter books gahhh.  Instead of doing all that, I'm going to talk about the moments that made this book SHINE.  Because you're not going to randomly pick up the sixth book in the series, right?  By now you've read five other books and are in love.  So here's what you have to look forward to:<br/><br/>- Ron getting drunk on love potion (ROMILDA VANE!)<br/>- Aragog is dead.<br/>- But this is good because 1.) he's a BLOODY HUGE SPIDER; and 2.) the scene at his funeral with Slughorn and Hagrid is perfectly hilarious.<br/>- Weasley Wizard Wheezes!  Fred and George are rolling in the dough in their joke shop and it's well-deserved and I love it.<br/>- DUMBLEDORE IS BEING ALL MYSTERIOUS.<br/>- Moaning Myrtle and Draco Malfoy are friends now.<br/>- CHRISTMAS AT THE BURROW!  We've been waiting for this forever and it's not as wonderful as one would hope.  Dark times and all.<br/>- Adventures with Dumbledore.  Including both dead bodies and a sofa, but not at the same time.<br/>- Hermione jinxes Cormack McLaggen, as if we didn't love her enough.<br/>- Bill Weasley and Fleur Delacour are getting married and Molly is NOT amused.  Nor is Ginny.<br/>- Harry Potter's got a girlfriend.<br/>- He also thinks Draco Malfoy is up to no good.  DOESN'T HE ALWAYS?<br/>- Really, though, Harry's growth in this book is really great.  Such a turnaround between pages 1 &amp; the end.<br/>- THE ENDING WILL LEAVE YOU WEEPING.<br/>- SERIOUSLY HAVE TISSUES READY.<br/><br/>This book never gets boring.  There is so much going on, inside and outside the castle, that you are absolutely wrapped up in it.  Slughorn is an excellent edition to the staff at Hogwarts and Dumbledore's inclusion of Harry FINALLY gives us a little more insight into what's going on.<br/><br/>The end is really rough, and we have to deal with Snape doing Snape things and some VOLDEMORT THINGS.  Most readers will hate Snape by the end of this book, if they haven't already had the entire series spoiled by them but hardcore Harry Potter fans like me or worse.
 Rating: 5.0/5.0<br/><br/>OMG! I did not expect this sad end to this book. Why did you do this J. K. Rowling? I loved this book more than the previous two ones despite not having a prominent new character. In each book, we had a few interesting characters like Umbridge, Luna etc. This book has some new characters but they do not have the same strong impact. The story though is wonderful, more engaging despite having fewer events.<br/><br/>Was Dumbledore expecting something like that to happen so he started taking Harry with him? And we finally get to know Snape and whose side he is! Professor McGonagall had less footage in this book. Her main appearance is just towards the end of the book. In my opinion, the length of this story was the ideal, not long and not short. I can't wait to get into the next book.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince gets 5.0 stars out of 5.0 from me.
 This book made many strong contributions to the series.<br/><br/>Horace Slughorn is introduced.  He was a Slytherin, but different than most.  Unlike most Slytherins, Horace didn't want  power, prestige, or position for himself. He preferred having influence over others with those.  He also valued Wizarding Blood, but once again differently.  For other Slytherins that was a shared prejudice against Muggle Borns.  For Horace it was a thought out belief favoring Pure Bloods.  He just thought it made sense those from Old Wizarding Families would have more abilities.  When a Muggle Born proved Talented and Powerful; Horace was surprised, but not at all troubled by it.<br/><br/>Before this it seemed Snape was on Dumbledore's side.  For numerous reasons it seemed absurd that Voldemort trusted Snape.  Bellatrix threw all those reason at Snape near the beginning and he had great answers for them all.  Those answers cast doubt on Snape's allegiance.  The ending left Harry and the Order of the Phoenix without any doubt that Snape had betrayed them.<br/><br/>The most important part of this book is the History of Voldemort.  Voldemort's mom came from an Ancient Pure Bloodline.  Too pure.  They were the Wizard Equivalent of inbred white trash. Ironically the infusion of fresh blood from a muggle,Tom Riddle Senior, restored the Slytherin Line to it's Full Power.<br/><br/>At Hogwarts Voldemort had a group of Followers.  The weak seeking protection.  The ambitious seeking shared glory.  The thuggish seeking an outlet for their cruelty.  In other words they were the same types that he eventually recruit for Death Eaters.  Riddle controlled them rigidly.  Their time at Hogwarts was a dark time, but none were ever openly connected to any wrong doing.<br/><br/>Finally this shows how Voldemort gained his immortality.  He created several Horcruxes.  Each contained a piece of his Soul.  He tore his Soul apart and mystically hid those pieces.  So long as even a single Horcrux remained intact, Voldemort couldn't die,  They anchored what remained of his soul to the physical world.  Even disembodied for 13 years, he'd still been alive.<br/><br/>Deliberately mutilating his Soul in that way made Voldemort the monster Harry would battle.  He'd literally cut the humanity out of himself.  He'd taken self mutilation to a level beyond anyone had before him.
 The life of Harry becomes more dangerous and challenging. There are forces that want Harry dead and they are contriving to set things in motion that will meet this end. Voldemort is taking a more active part in the disposal of Harry. His support network is weakened by the absence of Dumbledore at a time Harry needs the Wizard the most. The Order of the Phoenix has grown weaker and the Hogwarts students attention has turned to the opposite sex and a dance that distracts the minds of many. Harry is challenged to find a date for the dance because he waited too long. Hermine dance card is punched full. The challenges of life, the unknown and the ritual dance between girls and boys have all distracted Harry to near disaster. The book is good and the movie adaptation is even better. Collect them both.
 Just like The Goblet of Fire, this story didn’t started with Harry Potter’s point of view. It started with the conversation between the Muggle’s Prime Minister, Fudge and the newest Minister of the Ministry of Magic. After the revelations from the previous books, this one didn’t failed me at all considering that it doesn’t have “my usual” Harry Potter POV in its first chapter. Well, the resurrection of my 5 star rating is the evidence as you can see. *wink<br/><br/>After the saddened departure of Sirius Black from the previous book, this story sort of started a bit grim primarily for Harry because he’s as close as a father to him and I can’t help but really feel sad for him. But the grim feeling instantly wiped away from my memory when I reached the second chapter where Harry went to the Burrow to spend his remaining summer days before the new school term starts. Why’s that? Well, you can always count on with the Weasley family to make you laugh. And I can’t believe I would still be able to enjoy this story even if the twins isn’t at Hogwarts anymore. I can’t even believe until now that Mrs. Weasley will approve with that, but seeing them now, I guess they are really doing great with their business eh?<br/><br/>I don’t have any memory of the film about this book, so all scenes we’re kind of surprising to me and I can’t really wait until I finally able to finish this series and watch the movie again so I could finally compare. It was kinda sad though because I’ve grown some fondness for this series, and that being said, I’ll be sure to read more from J.K. Rowling in no time haha.<br/><br/>Just like the previous book, this one also caters some sort of scenes we’re almost all the main characters have a love life except for Hermione (because both Ron and her still can’t confessed their feelings lol). And finally, Harry now noticed “something” between Ron and Hermione and that itself intensified my desire to read more. But unfortunately, they still didn’t confessed their feelings in this book. Gladly, Harry and Ginny is finally dating, ayyeeei! Back with the film, I am not really a fan of Ginny. I don’t know, but the only thing I remember from the film was that, Harry and Ginny just happen. No sparks unlike Ron and Hermione. I am always a sucker for love-hate romance so no wonder I am always rooting for them lol, haha.<br/><br/>What I also like about reading all the books in this series was that, all makes sense now. I think it’s finally safe to say that I now know about Harry and Voldemort. On how they became mortal enemies and how Voldemort became a sucker for power. Also, reading the book makes me understand more about the characters, and how they feel about everything which is hard to noticed when you’ve just watched the film and not reading the book. Like for example, how Harry finally starts to like Ginny more than a friend and ofcourse, I instantly became a fan of their love team because of that.<br/><br/>I don’t really want this review to be a total bummer but I guess it’s going to be a bit well-known to everyone especially if they happen to watched the film already. Which I think, I’m just the only one who failed to anticipate that at all. So when I reached “that” scene, I was so surprised. Dang! What exactly I am talking about? Well, Dumbledore is dead. Huhu! Ofcourse I know that will happen eventually, but I though it’ll be on the 7th book! And I can recall, it’s quite different from the film. I was so taken aback that I find myself crying until I was sobbing. Yep, I was sobbing like a baby who was deprived of her favorite candy. And remembering it now, I can’t help but get teary-eyed again. I never cried this hard even if I found out that Finch killed himself at  All The Bright Places by Jennifer Niven or when Will breath his last at Me Before You by Jojo Moyes and much more to my surprise when they executed Ned at A Game of Thrones by George R.R. Martin. And that alone should speaks itself why this book definitely deserve my 5-star rating even if one of my favorite character was dead.<br/><br/>Now, there’s 1 more book for me to read to finish this series. But I guess I have to U-turn for a while because a friend of mine suggested that I will understand The Deathly Hollows more if I read the Tale of Beedle and the Bard first.<br/><br/>I can’t believe that it just took me 12 days to finish the 6 books in this series considering I have been busy with my day job lately, haha.<br/><br/>The Harry Potter series is really highly recommended and I can’t wait to discuss more about Harry Potter with you. And I guess I can now finally say that I am officially a fan. *wink
 Word spreads quickly, Voldemort moves openly, and in the midst of open war, all eyes turn to Harry Potter; once The Boy Who Lived, now The Chosen One. As the Ministry scrambles to mount a defense, Harry waits. For Dumbledore is coming, and together the two of them will embark on a secret mission, to uncover how a young boy became the Dark Lord.<br/><br/>Borrowing from its predecessors, the story opens from an outsider’s perspective, couching essential information through a comical scene between politicians. Then the story turns to its villains, offering a very human perspective which exemplifies what sets this volume apart. The quest for identity has long been a central theme of the Harry Potter series, but until now it has been almost exclusively focused on the heroes. Now readers get the rare opportunity to peer under the mask of the series’ various villains, including Lord Voldemort himself.<br/><br/>Relationships provide some much needed levity, as friends become entangled in a web of misunderstandings amidst budding romance. The light-hearted conflicts serve as a strong counterbalance to the seriousness of the main conflict, reiterating the familiar theme that even in times of war, life must go on.<br/><br/>+Strong Characters<br/>+Strong Integration Between Subplots<br/>*Strong but familiar ideas<br/>*Romance Driven Subplots<br/>-Predictable Outcomes<br/><br/>3.5 /5
 Harry's 6th year starts out a little differently. Only 2 years into summer vacation Dumbledore retrieves Harry and takes him on a mission to get Horace Slughorn to come out of retirement and begin teaching. Slughorn is a bit of a collector of influential students and people. And Dumbledore is correct. The lure of Harry Potter convinces him to return.<br/><br/>But when the golden trio return to Hogwarts they discover that things have changed. Slughorn was not hired on as the replacement Defense Against the dark arts teacher as they assumed but instead is teaching Potions. Instead, Snape seems to have gotten his way with Dumbledore and finally been promoted to the Defense position he always wanted.<br/><br/>This volume starts out with many interesting mysteries that leave the reader confused as they slowly unravel. What is Malfoy up to? What happened to Dumbledore's hand? Delving more into Tom Riddle/Voldemort's history seems to hold the keys to all these mysteries.<br/><br/>This installment started out strong but some parts slowed down a lot for ke, especially when Harry was going over facts pertaining to the case over and over again. It started to seem very tedious and it's a lot of getting others opinions and nobody believes him again. But the book goes out with a bang and a cliffhanger like ending had me itching to move on to the final book in the series.<br/><br/>Though it had slow parts I gave this one a 5 because it gave me a lot of new information, things to think about, and contained some of the most emotional scenes up to this point. I would highly recommend it. I think it feels in a lot of blanks even while opening up more.
 Even after 6 books in the Harry Potter series, the story line continues to progress towards more and more adult themes. As Harry is now in his 6th year at Hogwarts, we're seeing the story line focus on his quest to defeat Voldemort and his relationship with Dumbledore. Professor Slugworth is the new character that is introduced in this book, and once again Rowling has created another memorable unique professor for Hogwarts. In some ways, I wish the story utilized more of the other characters (especially Herminone), but it's clear that the story in now moving towards it's conclusion.<br/>Overall, I think reading the series one after the other is much more satisfying than having to wait as each one was completed. I think my only disappointment is that the movie adaptations are trimming more and more detail from the novels.
 BOOK SIX OF the greatest literary phenomenon the world has ever seen is, it must be said, an extraordinary reading experience.  If Five was hard to 'get' then Six is its antithesis.  Book six is fast, its action packed, its shocking, its sad, its funny, its romantic, its exciting, it will rip your guts out and leave the reader decimated, and at various times in the story, it will leave you on the verge of tears.  Book five was nothing like this.<br/><br/>Five was full of anger, it was dark, and you could say it was very technical and informative.  It wasn’t really fun to read.  Which made it *very* un-Potterish.  It was certainly full of pivotal information that is useful for setting the foundation to something extraordinary, but a solid foundation does not always make for an entertaining read.  Six, however, is immediately uplifting, and stays that way, at least towards the end of the adventure when the sky starts to fall in and the world becomes something less than it was before you started.<br/><br/>JK’s writing skills have matured and she has produced a tome that sparkles.  Characters have grown to near adulthood and their goodness shows at times brighter than a wand that has just been cast with ’Lumos’.  Aspects of some of the characters need some work; at times even one of the story’s main stars demonstrates some qualities that are less than fulsome.  The sadness of Harry’s life in particular is enough to bring a grown man to tears, and yet his strength and determination to never waiver from ’the light’ is one of the most remarkable and glorious legends of the twentieth century.  And his continued loyalty to Professor Dumbledore may give you goosebumps on the several occasions that it comes into question.  Hermoine is still Hermoine (thank God).  Neville did not really have a major role to play in this tome but he gets an honourable a mention right at the end.  Ron’s sister Ginny matures on several levels, not the least was her talent on the Quidditch field.  Characters that we have loved to hate right from book one continue along this path; some accelerate along the rocky road to eternal damnation; whereas some are actually stopping to think and make their own decisions.<br/><br/>Hogwarts itself, it has been said, was a stroke of pure genius, but concentrating too strongly on that claim alone will detract from the many facets of JK’s extraordinary intellect that are on display right throughout this incredible seven book saga.<br/><br/>In some respects, HALF BLOOD PRINCE is an interesting dichotomy.  It acts as a summary to WHAT HAS GONE BEFORE and yet it doubles as a prelude to THE FINAL VOLUME.  It is a good way to establish and relieve the incredible events, journey and information we have all been experiencing for five incredible books, and with the amazingly unforgettable and breath taking ending to HBP, we get a glimpse of what life will be like for all of us when we leave Castle Magnificence.<br/><br/>HALF BLOOD PRINCE gets a mandatory five stars from this reader.  Its a perfect prelude to the DEATHLY HOLLOWS, but be warned, fellow book lover.  You will finish it in a state of disbelief, shock and unremitted anger.  Have a box of tissues on one side of your chair, and have Book Seven ready on the other.  Don't read it too quickly, though.  Harry, Ron and Hermione are our friends, and if i have learned anything from six years at Hogwarts, its that they are friends for life.<br/><br/>Count me in.
 ** There WILL be spoilers for this book (and the final book) so if you haven’t read it yet, BEWARE. You’re gonna get spoiled! **<br/><br/>I felt a bit of pressure before starting HARRY POTTER AND THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE. It’s been a long time since I’ve re-read all of the books but I always claimed this one as my favorite of the series. After realizing how much my opinion of ORDER OF THE PHOENIX had changed, I was totally unsure of how HBP would go.<br/><br/>Right off the bat, though, I was still in love. I just love how this book really brings everything to the next level — from the plot to the adventure, Quidditch to romances — everything just gets bigger and better in HALF-BLOOD PRINCE. I think one of my favorite things about it is the introduction to Horcruxes. I just really love the layers that it adds to the plot and how it adds another sense of adventure for the characters. I also really, really love that we get to know more about the villain’s past. I LOVE when the reader gets to know more about the villain and his backstory. I think it adds so much to a book and even makes that villain a bit more human — whether that’s by a little or a lot. We all know how amazing J.K. Rowling is at her world building in these books so I guess I should never be surprised but that really is one of my favorite things about the entire series.<br/><br/>I really wasn’t big on many of the romances in this series. For me, Harry Potter was always more about action, adventure, friendship, learning, and well… magic. Movie Ginny kind of ruined book Ginny for me so I was really trying to give book Ginny another shot since I know where this story goes… I felt like she actually wasn’t hugely present in HALF-BLOOD PRINCE still so I didn’t feel like I had the opportunity to be bothered or charmed by her. She did make many appearances at the Slug Club parties and Quidditch matches, etc but for some reason I still felt like she wasn’t a very big character… I’m really interested to see how I feel about her in book seven because so far reading the books, I still don’t feel a lot! I do, of course, love the Ron and Hermione romance. You know I love best friendships turning into something more and this was a long time coming. It’s really interesting to see how this tension has slowly built and comes to its breaking point at the end of HALF-BLOOD PRINCE.<br/><br/>As always, I love the layers upon layers of world building. From getting to know more about Voldemort to the different classes the students take to the different places they visit… I just love getting lost in this world and something about the writing just makes me feel like it’s a real place, just out of my reach. I always love learning more about magic and what the rules are and what the limitations are. The Felix Felicis chapter is still one of my favorites and the cave scene at the end still creeps me out a lot. Then of course we have Dumbledore’s death. I’m not sure why — maybe I know the books/movies too well? — but I never really feel shaken by the deaths in these books (except for probably Fred, oh god, how will I read that) so I really didn’t get too worked up over his death… But I think for Dumbledore, it doesn’t really feel like he’s gone, you know? His portrait is in the headmaster’s office and we know he sort of… appears to Harry in the final book too. It’s Dumbledore. He’s the greatest wizard of all time. He may be dead but only kind of?<br/><br/>The great news is that HARRY POTTER AND THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE still stands as my favorite of the series so far! I was never able to place my love for the final book so it’ll be interesting to see where I come out on this re-read!<br/><br/>Ranking after re-read of book #1:  1] //  6, 4, 5, 7, 3, 2]<br/>Ranking after re-read of book #2:  1, 2] //  6, 4, 5, 7, 3]<br/>Ranking after re-read of book #3:  3, 1, 2] //  6, 4, 5, 7]<br/>Ranking after re-read of book #4:  4, 3, 1, 2] //  6, 5, 7]<br/>Ranking after re-read of book #5:  4, 3, 1, 5, 2] //  6, 7]<br/>Ranking after re-read of book #6:  6, 4, 3, 1, 5, 2] //  7]
 Warning: This review contains plot spoilers for the few who haven’t read the book.<br/><br/>The Half-Blood Prince was one of my favorite books in the series, starting Snape’s curious meeting with Bellatrix and Narcissa, followed by Dumbledore’s adventures for Harry to pay a visit to Professor Slughorn, quite the funny character and the new Potions teacher, and with Snape becoming the Defense against the Dark Arts teacher in Harry, Hermione and Ron’s 6th year at Hogwarts.<br/><br/>The plot against Snape thickens and since I hardly remember the movie plot line (all the better), I can’t quite remember how Snape manages to come out clean later, and the relationship between Dumbledore and Harry grows stronger. Harry gets a lucky break with becoming really good at creating fancy potions thanks to his copy of the Half-blood prince book, and he even gets somewhat lucky in love as his feelings for Ginny start to develop. At the same time, it’s amusing to read the bickering between Hermione and Ron, knowing full well - even if they don’t at this stage - that it develops into something stronger and better.<br/><br/>The tasks before Harry - set forth by Dumbledore during their many secret meetings - are challenging enough even for super-smart Hermione to figure out, and in the end, the solution to extract Slughorn’s memory is so very brilliantly delivered. What I most, most enjoyed in this book were the darkest parts: The travels down memory lane and the magic of the Pensieve in Dumbledore’s study. In this book, we also learn way more about Voldemort’s past starting with his family and pre-birth. How is it possible that we could even feel some empathy for someone so evil. Only an accomplished author can do that for me. Going back to the very beginning of VolThe balance between plot and story is extremely well-done in this book.<br/><br/>The adventures and disasters continue to mount and keep you fascinated by what’s coming next, as do the themes and the underlying messages that Rowling carefully feeds to our hungry hearts. Her themes of friendship, loyalty, trust, the power of choice, the weight of responsibility show up again and again as we follow the growing pains of our favorite characters in the Half-Blood Prince.<br/><br/>The theme that most prominently shows up in this book and all the others is the power of love. If you have been loved and nurtured as a child and into adulthood, even if that love was in small supply as in the case of Harry, you are essentially good, pure, and protected and as Dumbledore points out, despite everything - all the loss and pain - that Harry went through, he was still pure at heart because of LOVE, the love that his mother had given him at the age of one.<br/><br/>On the other hand, if you have been abandoned, hurt, neglected, and cast aside even before you were born into this world, you are faced with difficult but simple choices, and a very few lean towards vengeance, anger, and even extremes of evil as did Voldemort.<br/><br/>The ending of Book 6 was very sad. I cried more for what happened to Bill Weasley than what happened to Dumbledore and neither was in the least expected. Sigh! Get some tissues.<br/><br/>Exquisitely written. Brilliantly executed. JK Rowling is one in a billion. I’m well into Book 7 and loving it.
 I would find it hard to believe that this is someone’s first go around with this book (barring the youth who are bequeathed their parents’ copies,) however, if this is a book you have not read and you are wondering if it’s worth the read, it is.<br/>First, do yourself a favor and read the 5 preceding books. Rowling does an impressive job of explaining who her characters are and why they are saying things they do (when referencing plots from the other books,) but you do an injustice by not reading those books first.<br/>This book is about adventure, mystery, loss, but above all: magic.
 Lord Voldemort is back. And everyone knows it now.  And the war against the Death Eaters isn't going well.  Lord Voldmort's lieutenants will even gain access to the formerly safe Hogwarts, thanks to a traitor.  Harry Potter, his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, and Harry's mentor Dumbledore will have to find ways to fight back.  The discovery, at long last, of Voldemort's secret past may offer a possible vulnerability, but only if Harry and his friends can stay alive long enough to take advantage...<br/><br/>Life goes on in spite of the dangers, and life at Hogwarts is classes, and quidditch, and now also the opposite sex, as Harry and his friends discover the marvels and mysteries of dating.  Exams for wizard and witch qualification are coming up fast, if the trio can find the time to study. And just who is the Half-Blood Prince?  "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is very highly recommended to fans of the franchise.
 I wish I was writing this review before having already read book number 7. Just to be able to remember the feelings the book made me have for Snape, but I’m not saying anything more just in case you’re among the few lucky that still have a Harry Potter left to read for the first time.<br/>However, my general mood about this book has not changed through the years… I feel book number six is a very long introduction to the epilogue of the saga in book number 7. It doesn’t have the tension of neither book 5, 7 or 4.<br/>The best parts are the beginning and the end, i.e. the parts that don’t take place at Hogwarts, or that are not related to school in the more general sense of the term.<br/>That being said, this is still a Harry Potter, and even if it is not one of my favorites, it’s still a world class book. Glad you won’t experience the pang of disappointment at the end of it because you feel you needed more, as, lucky you, book 7 is already out there and you’ll not have to wait a whole year or two as I had to back then.
 And outstanding book. You cannot go wrong with the Harry Potter series. It does begin to get darker at the end of the fourth book but it is still a great young adult and all the way to seniors great story. You will never be disappointed in harry potter and his friends adventures<br/>I do not give away spoilers in my reviews I only point out that I like the stories and that you will be entertained. Things happen and each book that are pertinent to the stories and the final story. Start at like one and read all the way through the book 7 you will not be disappointed and they will become some of your favorite books of all time
 Knowing what to say about these books is always difficult because they are so well known already.  I struggled getting through Order of the Phoenix because it just felt like slogging through so much information.  This book was the exact opposite of that for me.  Even though I read it over five days, I probably read about ninety percent of it in one day.  There is so much that happens in this book that moves the story forward that it's hard not to get caught up in the swirl of the story and want to find out what happens next.<br/><br/>I don't want to get too much into what happens in the story but I really feel like this book is a turning point for Harry in so many ways.  He has been through a lot in the other books, of course, but this one is where he really has to learn to stand on his own feet and start dealing with more adult issues and much darker themes.  For that alone, this is one of my favorite points in the story.  Harry is dealing with a recent tragedy, new information that will change everything he knows, and a much darker world than the other books had in them.  If you're this far into the series, is there really a need to recommend that you keep going?  If you haven't read the others yet, start there.  Either way this is a series that everyone should read at least once if not multiple times.
 This is the second time I've read Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, but the first since finishing Deathly Hallows and first time reading it critically. I've tailored this review in the following in mind: the intended audience for the book (much younger than myself) and its place in the series.<br/><br/>"Half-Blood Prince" is over 200 pages shorter than its immediate predecessor in the series as Rowlings transitioned from focusing on the events in Hogwarts to worrying situation in the Wizarding World since Voldemort’s public appearance near the end of “Order of the Phoenix”.  Turning the focus away from what was occurring in most of Harry’s classes and more about his nonacademic life, especially in relation to his love life.  Once again the past history of the Wizarding World is a central theme of the book, but this time centered on Tom Marvolo Riddle aka Voldemort, to understand how Harry can defeat the Dark Lord.  With considerable skill Rowlings crafted all these new elements in the series, but seemed to shortcut her development of major established characters that took something away from the narrative a tad.<br/><br/> SPOILERS BELOW]<br/>"Half-Blood Prince" finds the series’ overall story having entered into the Wizarding World in a time of war, fully transitioned into a darker mood that only gets darker with what is learned and what occurs.  Before even getting to Harry, we follow the Muggle Prime Minister and learn of Snape’s residence while learning about an order that Draco Malfoy is to carry out at Hogwarts.  Throughout the book, Harry and Dumbledore interact more than they ever have before as they navigate the past through other’s memories to find out how Voldemort survived his first encounter with Harry, through use of Horcruxes.  The major subplot of the book is Harry’s investigation of Draco throughout the year even though his friends and even Dumbledore tell him not to worry about it, however the events at the end of the book seem to prove Harry correct.  The academic develops in “Half-Blood Prince”, save for Potions, take a backseat to everything else going on which given how “Deathly Hallows” is written is foreshadowing what is truly important for the story as a whole.  The relationships of Ron-Hermione and later Harry-Ginny seem both confusing and rushed, but given Mrs. Weasley’s comments about Bill &amp; Fleur it seemed that Rowlings’ gave herself some literary cover on this point.  As it turns out “Half-Blood Prince” is both a book in itself, but also setting up the events of the final book given the mission Harry commits himself to by refusing to return to Hogwarts.  And with Dumbledore’s death, the stage is set for anything to happen in the growing darkness.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince continues the dark trend the series is headed towards, though even as the Wizarding World gets embroiled in war, Rowlings shows that rays of light do pierce the night. Unlike “Order of the Phoenix”, Rowlings included only a few new additions that were strictly to help the narrative of the book along in certain places while also helping create important segments in the overall story.  While not as long as the previous two books, “Half-Blood Prince” is its own narrative while building the overall story towards the series’ climax and setting up for “Deathly Hallows”.
 Good Review: I really enjoyed this book. It was a classic hero’s journey, and had really exciting trials and hardships. It is my favorite by far just because it got a lot more serious. Sure the first few books were good but they felt a little, kiddish to me, as in the sense of it not having any sort of complicated situations or events. I also really liked the continuation of the story, keeping the same characters, theme, and all sorts of things that we can all enjoy from previous books. It also has some sort of sympathetic feel to the characters, as to some things could have happened to the reader that the main character might have struggled with. But only the little things, due to the book being completely fiction. I also like the fact that the book if fiction though, because it can give the reader a sense of imagination. It’s also good for young readers, because of it being fiction. I personally have never met a kid who has enjoyed reading a non-fiction book compared to a fiction book, which can be good for kids who want to start reading. I’m not a person who reads frequently, but I do like to read fiction books, because I feel like they can be much more fun. The book also has a good story line, with lots of adventure and unexpected events. It has Harry go through a series of trials that both his friends have to help and support him in every way possible. It also has a lot of sad events, like the… well, I don’t want to spoil it for the people who haven’t read the book yet, but there are some real sad parts, that really almost made me cry. But all in all, I think this a really great book, and I suggest it to many of your readers out there who especially enjoy good hero journey books or series.<br/><br/>Bad Review: Even though I thoroughly enjoyed the story throughout the whole book, there were a few things that I wasn’t a fan of. To first start out with things, I feel that the books as the continue in the numbers, I just feel like they get to adult is, or for more mature audiences. As I began to read the first two books, I felt as if this series was going to be targeted towards younger audiences. As it turns out I even felt a little confused when I was reading the sixth book. Maybe it’s because they’re British, and I frankly don’t understand British stuff as much as I should. Another thing I would like to point out is how many deaths were in this movie. I will obviously not point them out for the people who haven’t read the book yet, but it made me really sad as in a very special person that meant the world to Harry was sadly killed. But as that event happens it also ties into the background of the character that Harry had no idea about. The last thing I would like to mention is that it got kind of dark. I just feel like the book had a lot more to do with death eaters, which are people in very dark and edgy clothing which really isn’t for me to say the least. But even though this book may have had mistakes that I might have not noticed it is, especially for me, it’s really hard to criticize a book like this, because it appeals to me so much that it’s so hard to think anything bad about it. Even though there might be a few things that might need to be tweaked, I still think that this a valuable book that should be read by many.
 My love for this series is just growing all the time. Sigh. I do suppose that I'm loving the books much more this time than the last time I read them years ago, though I loved them then too. But yeah. Much more love now. And this one is pretty special. Didn't take that long to read either, much easier to read too :)<br/><br/>There is this awful death at the end of the book. While it was horrible, I didn't care as much as with the death in the previous one. That was much more heartbreaking to me. Though I think this death might bother me a lot in the next one. Maybe. It was so sad, yet I did not cry once. It was so well written, though.<br/><br/>The books are just getting darker and darker. And I love this so much. It's awesome to read about. Yet heartbreaking too. We get to know so much more in this one. About Voldemort. About how he was as a child. And a teenager. And what he did to his soul. Which I do find all kinds of interesting. Yet horrifying too. But yeah. I loved reading about it. And I loved how Harry had private lessons with Dumbledore. Though I'm still unsure how I feel about him. Hmph. Some bad things about him comes up in the final book. Can't remember it fully just now, so will decide if I like Dumbledore or not by the end of the next. Interesting to read about.<br/><br/>I still love Harry the most. And Hermione and Ron are amazing too. Though Ron did annoy me a whole bunch in this book. Hmph. I did not like his first girlfriend. Didn't like the reason for why he got together with her. Sigh. He is also sort of rubbish at Quidditch sometimes. Yet amazing at it too. Just annoyed me a little bit, hah. But other than that I love Ron a lot. As I always say, the friendship in this book is fantastic. Sigh. I wish I had the friends that Harry have. Hmph. How mean. He is the luckiest person.<br/><br/>There is also a better romance in this one. Though too little of it. So glad that Harry is done with Cho, as she was such an annoying character. I didn't like her, anyway. And oh, seeing Harry start liking Ginny is the best thing.. so cute. I adored it a whole lot. There is also a bunch of other amazing characters in this book. In the last one, we got to know Luna. And we see more of her in this one too. And oh, how I adore her. She's adorable. And weird. So cute. I also sort of like Professor Slughorn. Maybe. I'm not sure.<br/><br/>There is so much happening in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. Yet I feel like it was a bit less exciting than the other books. Huh. Yet such awful things happens in it. But it is also a bit more slow. I liked that. So any other amazing things to read about. Such great friendships and such. I also still love reading about the Weasleys. They are all the sweetest. Except for Percy. I can't stand Percy. Grrr. I liked him in the first books, sort of. But not in the latest ones. Can't remember how it ends with him, hmm.<br/><br/>As the title says, this book is focused a lot of the Half-Blood Prince. Which it is written is the owner of a potions book that Harry has. A lot of time is spent on that, with Harry liking the boy whom has written the book, as it has been such a huge help in his potions class. Though some of the spells this person had included in the book were not that good. Yet amazing to read about even so. Anyway. This book. This prince person. I did like how all of that ended. Awesome. Though too much time spent on it. Hmph.<br/><br/>I loved reading about the Cave part near the end of the book. With Harry going off with Dumbledore. It was so exciting and creepy and I loved it so much. Heartbreaking too. Yeah. That was amazing to re-read. While not that much happens in this book, well, I can't seem to think right now that much happens, I still loved every single moment of the book. Writing is gorgeous. Characters are all amazing. Sigh. But now I have run out of words. Hmph. How mean. But yeah. I loved this book. Oh so much. &lt;3
 Finally got a chance to read this book. I've always loved the Harry Potter stories.<br/><br/>This book was a much faster pace than the Order of the Phoenix. I enjoyed every bit of this book.<br/><br/>It was a great mix of humor and darkness.<br/><br/>The teenage love that happened was good. Great character development of all characters.<br/><br/>Loved Harry's lessons with Dumbledore. I liked getting more background on Voldemort.<br/><br/>Ending was sad and I'm sad there's only one more book left.
 SPOILER ALERT Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince will go down as one of the most important pieces of literature of the 21st century. Of all of the Harry Potter books, this one has the most emotion and really pulls you in, this is the one where shit gets real. Draco joins his father and aunt Bellatrix with the Death Eaters. Snape finally gets the defence against the dark arts teaching job, and we get to go into his back story a bit. We get a new potions master, Professor Slughorn, who holds key information of how Voldemort rose to power. Harry has a potions book with all the answers given to him by the mysterious Half-Blood Prince, including a new dark spell Sectumsempra, which causes laserations on your victim. Who could this Half-Blood Prince be? We all know a certain Tom Riddle was a half-blood wizard, but surely Voldemort wouldn’t leave old books lying around.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince should have been called Harry Potter and You-Know-Who because the primary plot gives Harry – and the readers – a glimpse into Voldemort’s backstory. Dumbledore schedules private lessons in which he uses the Pensieve to show Harry memories from key moments in Voldemort’s life.<br/><br/>Up to this point, the Harry Potter series had primarily presented Voldemort as an ominous threat. Other wizards so fear him that they dare not speak his name. For the first time, Half-Blood Prince shows Voldemort as an actual character. However, this doesn’t necessarily humanize him. On the contrary, it demonstrates a different facet of Voldemort’s inhumane evil.<br/><br/>There’s a dilemma for any writer who wants to create a strong villain. On the one hand, the villain must present a worthy threat for the hero. A good story requires the hero to overcome obstacles to defeat the villain. This means the villain must be – or at least appear to be – smarter and/or more powerful than the hero. The most intimidating villains can inspire fear just through their reputations. Mystery helps to build such reputations; villains – like real-world dictators – seek to control and manipulate personal information. Villains want other characters to talk about their strengths in order to distract them from their weaknesses (learning about a villain’s high school love poems would probably reduce the intimidation factor).<br/><br/>On the other hand, smart writers recognize that evil has a pathetic side as well. Both in real life and in fantasy, evil actions suggests a lack of maturation and moral development. In doing research for The Man in the High Castle, Philip K. Dick was taken aback by the lack of empathy a Nazi official showed in his private diary when describing Jews. People who pursue morally questionable choices often do so because they cannot or will not form healthy human connections to friends and family. They pursue greater wealth or power because they cannot find happiness. Their lives are defined by deficiency rather than by contentment.<br/><br/>Better authors find a way to explore both facets of evil. In The Lord of the Rings, Tolkien created two villains – Sauron and Saruman – to embody different aspects of evil. The two are clearly linked, not only by the similarity of their names, but also by their desire for the One Ring and world domination. Yet, throughout the books, readers learn little about Sauron, other than that he is a godlike being who commands vast armies. The narrative never provides the Hobbits with a Sauron “origin story” (although The Silmarillion reveals more); indeed, we never actually see Sauron firsthand in the novel. The heroes do not even attempt to fight him directly and instead rely upon subterfuge. Sauron appears intimidating and unbeatable right until his final defeat in Return of the King.<br/><br/>By contrast, readers learn much about Saruman’s history and his personality. We see Saruman directly several times. Each time, he is defanged by the protagonists. In The Two Towers, King Théoden resists Saruman’s entreaties and Gandalf breaks his staff. At the end of The Return of the King, Saruman chooses to enact petty revenge against the Hobbits by wrecking havoc upon the Shire. The man who sought to rule Middle-earth is reduced to bullying little people. Ultimately, Frodo takes pity on Saruman and refuses to kill him. In a backstory Tolkien wrote (published in Unfinished Tales), Saruman appears even more pitiable and consumed by jealousy of Gandalf.<br/><br/>In Half-Blood Prince, J.K. Rowling combines intimidating and pathetic into Voldemort, as if Sauron and Saruman were a single character. It’s tricky because those two character traits work against each other. Before Half-Blood Prince, Voldemort was so successful at managing his reputation that few wizards even dared to speak his name aloud. Only a handful of wizards realize that in his youth Voldemort was Tom Riddle, and only Dumbledore seems to have pieced together his backstory. We only saw Voldemort a few times, and whenever he appeared somebody usually died. In Goblet of Fire, he demonstrates his casual disregard for life by telling Peter Pettigrew to “kill the spare”  Cedric Diggory].<br/><br/>After Half-Blood Prince, readers learn that Tom Riddle’s hatred of muggles all comes down to daddy issues. Riddle’s mother tricked his muggle father into loving her, only to leave her when the spell wore off. Riddle’s mother died after childbirth, leaving young Tom in an orphanage. The book strips away the cool, cruel image that Voldemort created for himself and reveals him to be deeply insecure and emotional. With the veil of mystery lifted, Voldemort becomes less scary and more pathetic. In fact, if the young Tom Riddle weren’t such a creep, I suspect many readers would have felt bad for him.<br/><br/>But readers don’t get to feel sympathetic for Voldemort because the backstory never actually “humanizes” the character. In my review of Chamber of Secrets, I claimed that Voldemort was inherently evil, and nothing in his backstory changes my assessment. There’s no tragedy about Tom Riddle, no sense of missed opportunities, no possibility of redemption. We never get the sense that Voldemort had good in him, or that he might have turned from evil had his mom and dad loved him. When Dumbledore first meets Tom in the orphanage, he already bullies other kids and steals from them.<br/><br/>Ultimately, Half-Blood Prince manages to leave Voldemort’s evilness intact even after removing some of the mystery; it’s just a different type of evil. It’s a good balance that makes Voldemort just enough of a threat for Deathly Hallows. Voldemort is still scary, but he’s also a loser. Unfortunately, Voldemort is still a very one-dimensional character, inherently evil. I think it might have been more interesting had Rowling given him a few positive virtues. That said, even if Voldemort doesn’t rank amongst my favorite villains, I give Rowling a lot of credit for exploring different facets of evil.
 The Harry Potter series has turned gloomy since the ending of Goblet of Fire and through the whole book of Order of Phoenix. The latter was at times a pain to read because of the desolation Harry had to go through. This book however was more upbeat, in the way that Harry was now accepted again by his friends and student body in general, and he was on his way to achieve greater deeds. I thorough enjoy reading each book of the series, and particularly this, despite its fateful ending.
 Another great installment of Harry Potter. It's nice, I am now further along in reading the books than I have been in the past. I have seen the movies, but there is still a lot that is new which the movies don't cover.<br/><br/>Harry does become pretty annoying and becomes a less likable character, this happened in book 5 too. These books also do become darker, which could be attributed to Harry's overall demeanor.<br/><br/>Still thoroughly enjoyed the book and now on to the final one!
 Continuing in the Harry Potter series with book 6, I read Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince by J. K. Rowling.  This has several mysteries going on at the same time:  (1) What is the mission Snape and Malfoy Draco are working on; (2) Who is the "Half-Blood Prince"? and (3) Can Dumbledore and Harry find and destroy the horcruxes made by You-Know-Who?  Besides the mystery, this book also had some high points with Harry being the new captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team, Harry moving on from Cho, Hermione and Ron's relationship and lots more background about You-Know-Who.  Professor Snape finally reveals his true colors and the death eaters return.<br/><br/>As I was reading this book, I kept thinking to myself, "this is so good!"  I didn't really figure out for sure who the Half-Blood Prince was until near the end when it came out.  Malfoy's mission was a complete surprise to me and the horcrux hunt was very scary!  I hated the ending of this book though, it was so sad so only 4 stars for this one!  I still don't get why Dumbledore trusted Snape, that part must didn't make any sense to me.  I enjoyed the potions class most in this book when Harry topped Hermione for once and how she hated that.  I look forward to reading the last book in this series to see how it will end.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (2005) by J. K. Rowling 5 stars★ and still a favorite♥<br/>(Harry Potter: Book 6 series)<br/><br/>Another reread of this great fantasy story.  Really love this book the most.  Funny comedy, action and adventure and teen drama stuff all wrapped up.<br/><br/>Harry Potter's 6th year at Hogwarts.  Voldermort has been forced to show the Ministry that he is indeed alive.  So now everyone believes that Harry is "The Chosen One", but only Harry (and Dumbledore, Ron and Hermione) knows what for.  And then there's other stuff.  Like Dumbledore giving Harry extra lessons, which are all about what Dumbledore knows about who Voldermort is and what he's done.  Harry's also the Gryffindor quidditch captain, so a little more responsibility for him there.  And what the movie doesn't show is that Ron and Hermione are Prefects for the second time.  And then their's Harry's emotions.  Teen angst, obsession with what Draco Malfoy is doing and a struggle to keep his love for Ginny in check ("She's Ron's sister!").  Movie doesn't show that the two got together and I wished they had because it was so cute, and also silly.<br/><br/>Oh and then there is the Half-Blood Prince's Advanced Potions book that Harry found.  Harry loves the book because he thinks he's learned a lot more about potions from the Prince than he had from Professor Snape.  (spoiler) And that's ironic because the Half-Blood Prince turned out to be Snape.<br/><br/>SPOILER<br/>But the ending.  Tear jerker every time I've reread this.  And rereading this with knowing who Snape really is loyal to... well this book and Harry's opinion of Snape had me disliking the guy all over again.  But I noticed something, Dumbledore actually tried to hint a few times who Snape is.  It was just before Harry and Dumbledore went to the caves,  when Harry was angry at Snape and at Dumbledore for trusting him.  So Dumbledore actually let slip a few times why Snape had chosen to switch sides, even though he promised not to tell Harry the truth.<br/>END SPOILER<br/><br/>I think there was a lot more adventure and action in this book than the others.  Harry was always doing something, be it flying around on the quidditch field or going into the Pensieve with Dumbledore to observe people's memories of Voldermort.  And the ending was a gripping page turner, from the cave to the Astronomy Tower. And comparing this book to the movie, well I noticed a lot of differences. Like...<br/>well another slight SPOILER:<br/>Harry hid the Half-Blood Prince's Potions book in a cupboard and places a bust statue and added the Ravenclaw Diadem to it, so that he'd know where the book was if he wanted it back.  But I thought it was interesting that Harry didn't even sense that the diadem was a horcrux. I wanted to throttle Harry for that mistake.<br/>END SPOILER<br/><br/>I love this book and it was fun rereading this for the uptenth time (lost count really).  And I will no doubt reread it again in the future.  And every time, I seem to find something new that I didn't notice before or forgot about.
 In every one of her books, JK beats up on Harry.  The Half Blood Prince is no exception and the worst such example.  I don't know if JK gets some sadistic pleasure in hurting Harry or if she thinks this is the way to sell her books.  Fact, you are rich now JK.  Give Harry a break.<br/><br/>There is enough hurt in the real world without your dumping on a young man in the wizard world.
 This Article Must-Not-Be-Named<br/><br/>By: Hunter Crawford<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince<br/><br/>By: J.K Rowling<br/><br/>652 pp.  Scholastic.  $12.99  (children to teenagers; ages 8 to 17)<br/><br/>  J.K Rowling, who is not very well known for her other works, has indeed become quite successful with the Harry Potter series. Not only have the Harry Potter books won a multitude of awards(Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince won the 2005 Quill Book of the Year award), but they also have sold incredibly well. According to The Daily Telegraph, over 450 million copies of the Harry Potter series have been sold worldwide as of May 2015. I can clearly see why this is so. I have found most of the Harry Potter books to be quite enjoyable, and I was very excited to read this second to last installment. I'm happy to say that I wasn’t disappointed.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince takes place after Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. The wizarding world is in utter chaos. Death eaters are running rampant under the rule of Lord Voldemort, Draco Malfoy is scheming an evil plot, and witches and wizards everywhere want to know what really happened in the Ministry of Magic that caused the Brockdale Bridge to fall down. Get ready for action, romance, mystery, and even politics in the exciting tale of Harry Potter’s sixth year at Hogwarts.<br/><br/>Something I have always loved about the books in the Harry Potter series are the setting and characters. The story takes place in many fictitious places (inside of England) that wizards and witches go to, like Hogwarts and Diagon Alley. I feel that reading about these locations allows the reader to imagine what these places would be like if they actually existed. This not only gets people more invested in the story, but it also makes them think more critically. I also find myself invested in the characters when reading Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. I think that J.K Rowling has done a brilliant job at developing the characters throughout the Harry Potter series. When reading this book, it does not seem like you’re reading a story about a group of emotionless robots. There will many characters that you will truly care for, and even a few that you will loathe.<br/><br/>I commend Harry Potter and the Half-Blood for not having any dull moments. My main flaw with some previous installments of the series, mainly Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, was that they were many slow moments that I found harder to read. I don’t think there are actually any flaws in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood. While I would have to say that I prefer the quicker pacing of Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, it would be unfair of me to fault Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince for this. Also, the plot of Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire allowed for a faster pace, as in that book, Harry has to do dangerous tasks in a short amount of time to try to win the Triwizard Tournament.<br/><br/>Like other Harry Potter books, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince has some very funny moments. An example of of one of these moments is when Ron Weasley, a friend of Harry Potter’s, eats a box of Chocolate Cauldrons that was intended for Harry, not knowing that they are enchanted with a love potion. Ron then starts talking about how he thinks that he loves a girl named Romilda Vane. Harry thinks that this a joke, which then causes Ron to punch Harry in the ear. Harry then sees the box of Chocolate Cauldrons on Ron’s bed, realizing that Ron is under a love potion. There are many other humorous scenes in this book. There are even a couple adult jokes that I noticed as well. However, don’t think that this book is all fun and games. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is much darker than some of the other books in the series. One reason for this is that, like I said, Death Eaters are running rampant, and, as you might imagine, they are killing people. I won’t go into any more detail about this, as I do not want to spoil the book for anyone who wishes to read it. While some parents might complain about this book being too dark, I am personally a fan of this book’s tone. The Harry Potter series is about Harry Potter maturing as a character. So it makes sense that as Harry Potter’s character matures the tone of the series also matures.<br/><br/>Final Report:<br/>I would give Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince four and a half stars. It is a more than welcome addition to the Harry Potter series that I would certainly recommend
 Okay, so the 6th book in the HP series was actually a fun read when it first came out and it still is today. I don’t get why some people think it’s a bit boring, because not much happens until the last 20% of the book.<br/><br/>To be honest, I loved the break in death and destruction and Harry getting into constant rows with Voldemort. Although his obsession with Malfoy (eventhough he was right) could get quite annoying. But all those memories about Voldemort’s childhood and teenage years, plus the hunt for the Hocruxes with Dumbledore are just awesome!!<br/><br/>And add to that, the fact that Ron has a relationship with Lavender Brown for a while and Hermoine also finally realizing she’s in love with Ron. And then of course Harry realizing he’s in love with Ginny and then their first kiss together, sooooooo adorable and cute!!!<br/><br/>And then of course the ending with Dumbledore dying, I swear I still get tears in my eyes whenever he meets his end (by his own choice) at Snape’s hand. And god at the time I wanted to kill Snape for killing Dumbledore, but now I don’t because I know why he did it and all that, but still it’s such a heartbreaking scene.<br/><br/>So because of all this, HP HBP is still one of the best books in the series, in my personal opinion anyway.
 The first of the series to make me cry. Harry finds love. Harry gives up love. He grows a lot in this book. His determination and relentless pursuit of what he believes gets stronger, he gets stronger as a wizard and begins to grow into a man. The Half-Blood Prince reveal completely took me by surprise. Dumbledore. Just. I'm still shocked. I am glad Harry will use it as fuel to continue his destined course. It will be interesting to see him and his best mates in the world, outside of the protection of Hogwarts and its teachers and libraries.
 ***potential spoilers***<br/><br/>The beginning of this book was a little slow for me.  It starts out a bit differently than the first five in the series.  We typically start off with Harry at the Dursley’s and hating life.  Then he’s whisked away to Hogwarts and on to his adventures.  This book has us starting off in the Muggle Prime Minister’s office.  We get to see that Voldemort has taken up his old ways (not that he had ever given them up, but now with a body again, his efforts are revived).  Voldemort’s war is spilling over into the Muggle world where muggles are dying and strange weather occurrences are happening.  This means that the Minister of Magic must discuss the reasons with the Muggle Prime Minister.  We find out that Cornelius Fudge is no longer the Minster of Magic since his major goof up in the prior year where he outright denied that Voldemort was back.<br/><br/>Once Harry makes it to Hogwarts, we find that Dumbledore has been taking trips away from the school rather frequently.  Harry is to have private lessons with Dumbledore to learn what has been taking him away from the school so often and to learn more about Voldemort’s past.  We are also introduced to the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, with which I was a little surprised, as was Harry.  Meanwhile, Harry suspects Malfoy for some evil doings at the school and continues in his mistrust of Snape.<br/><br/>I must say, I enjoyed this book, but at the beginning of the book, I kept waiting for more action to happen.  Not until Harry gets into the fourth or so lesson with Dumbledore, did it get more interesting to me.  I was very unhappy with the ending of this book.  It had me bawling due to the major death at the end of the book.  And, since this time it was a re-read, it actually had me crying for a certain misunderstood somebody as well and the tragedy that he has to go through to fulfill his promises.
 ***potential spoilers***<br/><br/>The beginning of this book was a little slow for me.  It starts out a bit differently than the first five in the series.  We typically start off with Harry at the Dursley’s and hating life.  Then he’s whisked away to Hogwarts and on to his adventures.  This book has us starting off in the Muggle Prime Minister’s office.  We get to see that Voldemort has taken up his old ways (not that he had ever given them up, but now with a body again, his efforts are revived).  Voldemort’s war is spilling over into the Muggle world where muggles are dying and strange weather occurrences are happening.  This means that the Minister of Magic must discuss the reasons with the Muggle Prime Minister.  We find out that Cornelius Fudge is no longer the Minster of Magic since his major goof up in the prior year where he outright denied that Voldemort was back.<br/><br/>Once Harry makes it to Hogwarts, we find that Dumbledore has been taking trips away from the school rather frequently.  Harry is to have private lessons with Dumbledore to learn what has been taking him away from the school so often and to learn more about Voldemort’s past.  We are also introduced to the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, with which I was a little surprised, as was Harry.  Meanwhile, Harry suspects Malfoy for some evil doings at the school and continues in his mistrust of Snape.<br/><br/>I must say, I enjoyed this book, but at the beginning of the book, I kept waiting for more action to happen.  Not until Harry gets into the fourth or so lesson with Dumbledore, did it get more interesting to me.  I was very unhappy with the ending of this book.  It had me bawling due to the major death at the end of the book.  And, since this time it was a re-read, it actually had me crying for a certain misunderstood somebody as well and the tragedy that he has to go through to fulfill his promises.
 ***potential spoilers***<br/><br/>The beginning of this book was a little slow for me.  It starts out a bit differently than the first five in the series.  We typically start off with Harry at the Dursley’s and hating life.  Then he’s whisked away to Hogwarts and on to his adventures.  This book has us starting off in the Muggle Prime Minister’s office.  We get to see that Voldemort has taken up his old ways (not that he had ever given them up, but now with a body again, his efforts are revived).  Voldemort’s war is spilling over into the Muggle world where muggles are dying and strange weather occurrences are happening.  This means that the Minister of Magic must discuss the reasons with the Muggle Prime Minister.  We find out that Cornelius Fudge is no longer the Minster of Magic since his major goof up in the prior year where he outright denied that Voldemort was back.<br/><br/>Once Harry makes it to Hogwarts, we find that Dumbledore has been taking trips away from the school rather frequently.  Harry is to have private lessons with Dumbledore to learn what has been taking him away from the school so often and to learn more about Voldemort’s past.  We are also introduced to the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, with which I was a little surprised, as was Harry.  Meanwhile, Harry suspects Malfoy for some evil doings at the school and continues in his mistrust of Snape.<br/><br/>I must say, I enjoyed this book, but at the beginning of the book, I kept waiting for more action to happen.  Not until Harry gets into the fourth or so lesson with Dumbledore, did it get more interesting to me.  I was very unhappy with the ending of this book.  It had me bawling due to the major death at the end of the book.  And, since this time it was a re-read, it actually had me crying for a certain misunderstood somebody as well and the tragedy that he has to go through to fulfill his promises.
 ***potential spoilers***<br/><br/>The beginning of this book was a little slow for me.  It starts out a bit differently than the first five in the series.  We typically start off with Harry at the Dursley’s and hating life.  Then he’s whisked away to Hogwarts and on to his adventures.  This book has us starting off in the Muggle Prime Minister’s office.  We get to see that Voldemort has taken up his old ways (not that he had ever given them up, but now with a body again, his efforts are revived).  Voldemort’s war is spilling over into the Muggle world where muggles are dying and strange weather occurrences are happening.  This means that the Minister of Magic must discuss the reasons with the Muggle Prime Minister.  We find out that Cornelius Fudge is no longer the Minster of Magic since his major goof up in the prior year where he outright denied that Voldemort was back.<br/><br/>Once Harry makes it to Hogwarts, we find that Dumbledore has been taking trips away from the school rather frequently.  Harry is to have private lessons with Dumbledore to learn what has been taking him away from the school so often and to learn more about Voldemort’s past.  We are also introduced to the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, with which I was a little surprised, as was Harry.  Meanwhile, Harry suspects Malfoy for some evil doings at the school and continues in his mistrust of Snape.<br/><br/>I must say, I enjoyed this book, but at the beginning of the book, I kept waiting for more action to happen.  Not until Harry gets into the fourth or so lesson with Dumbledore, did it get more interesting to me.  I was very unhappy with the ending of this book.  It had me bawling due to the major death at the end of the book.  And, since this time it was a re-read, it actually had me crying for a certain misunderstood somebody as well and the tragedy that he has to go through to fulfill his promises.
 Love Jim Dale's rendition of all the Harry Potter books.  I am waiting for Stephen Fry's versions to come to Audible as I would love to hear those too.  I read a blog comparing the 2 2 readers.  Both critics agreed that both were wonderful, that Jim Dale in particular captured Harry's emotions most wonderfully.  Both agreed that Stephen Fry does a better job with the secondary characters especially Hermione.  I can't comment on Stephen Fry as I have not heard his versions, but I thought Jim Dale does a wonderful job with the secondary characters, especially Vernon Dursley, Professor Snape, Professor Dumbledore, and Voldemort.  I listen to these to help me go to sleep, but have also heard all of them when fully awake.  You will not regret purchasing the whole set if you are a Harry Potter fan.
 The sixth book begins with the Minister of Magic visiting the English Prime Minister – that is the Minister of Muggles. Of course, it is not very surprising that the normal minister does not enjoy his magical counterpart’s visit. But it’s amazing the way the author has written the scene – the detailing too great for words.<br/><br/>This is followed by the Unbreakable Vow that Snape takes with Draco Malfoy’s mother. Could Dumbledore still trust him or was the school principle getting senile with age? Read the book to find out more about this one.<br/><br/>Dumbledore takes Harry’s help in bringing Professor Slughorn out of retirement – another cute scene so well written – to teach at Hogwarts and Slughorn goes on to become the Potions Professor much to the students’ surprise and delight. They are happy that Professor Snape is not teaching potions any more. But much to Harry, Ron and Hermione’s horror, Snape is the new teacher for Defence Against the Dark Arts.<br/><br/>While Harry improves tremendously in Potions – especially with the help of the book that he ‘borrows’ from the Half-Blood Prince, he begins to hate DADA, no thanks to Snape. Their hate-hate relationship continues while Harry does his best to convince Dumbledore that Snape is an enemy. Would the principal listen to Harry? No, it seems.<br/><br/>Harry is also not very happy with Draco Malfoy’s strange activities and is convinced that Malfoy is a Death Eater now. But no one seems to take him seriously – not even Hermione and Ron.<br/><br/>Things turn murkier when murder attempts on students bring terror into the youngsters’ lives. While Harry has special classes with Professor Dumbledore, they are usually trips down memory lane through the pensieve. Harry learns a lot about the young Voldemort aka Tom Riddle as Dumbledore builds up the evil wizard’s life story piece by piece. He is preparing Harry to face his nemesis and it appears that the event is all set to happen in the very near future.<br/><br/>The story drags Harry and his friends deeper and deeper into dark magic while some light moments cheer up the readers with Felix Felicis and Ron’s swallowing a love potion hidden within Chocolate Cauldrons.<br/><br/>Darkness clouds around the introduction of Horcruxes, spells such as Sectumsempra that almost leads to Malfoy’s death and the silver and opal necklace that almost does Katie Bell in. It took me a couple of readings back and forth with the 6th and 7th books before I understood what Horcruxes were.<br/><br/>Who is the Half-Blood Prince whose book Harry has been using during Potions’ class? While Hermione disapproves of his using a book that belongs to a stranger, Harry scoffs her off believing that she is jealous of his doing excellently well in his worst subject so far.<br/><br/>The worst is yet to come during the climax. After reading this book, it finally hit me that fate had dealt such terrible blows to Harry Potter - one after another - and I felt very sorry for the young hero for the first time. While it had been all light-hearted before, it is not so any more. Black magic is rampant in this book as Lord Voldemort gets stronger. Harry hates it when the people around him are affected by it and believes that he is responsible. Is he?<br/><br/>There is no way you can get off midway once you are on the Harry Potter rollercoaster.<br/><br/>And that’s how I went on to read the seventh book, not wanting to miss the ending. Will good triumph over evil? It looks tough.
 Harry tripped. The book dropped. And on the last page it said....This book is the property of the Half-Blood Prince! Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince tells about a 16 year old boy who goes through a tragic loss of losing his parents. But luckily Harry goes to a magic school called Hogwarts. But on his 6th year, Lord Voldemort comes to power and tries to take over the wizzarding world. Along the way, to defeat Voldemort, Harry Potter finds a book which belonged to someone named the Half-Blood Prince. Can Harry find out who the Half-Blood Prince is before he gets Harry in more trouble than he already is? My favorite part of the book is at the end because it was exciting, sad, and the mystery of the Half-Blood Prince was solved. I recommend this book to anyone who likes magic or mysteries. And if you are 9 and up you probably would like this book because it's very mysterious. Follow Harry and his friends on the next crazy adventure that they go on in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince!
 This was such a great read, and a sad one too.<br/>I cried near the very end. Such an incredible loss, to the story, to the series.<br/>Yet I find myself again wondering if this is one of my favorites. The twists and turns in this one, as well as Dumbledore finally letting Harry further into the knowledge he has, is what keeps you turning page after page.<br/>I just hope the movie does this one justice. I'm not going to hold my breath though, the book is always better.
 This book definitely amps up the dark despair that has been circling around Harry for a while. His world shifted in the last book, but it all out changes in this one. There is a lot to learn in this book. Some revelations opened my eyes to things that I had been questioning all along. I love the roller coaster ride that J.K. Rowling has taken us on throughout this journey. We have one more ride before it’s over and I just know I’ll need more tissues before it’s over.<br/><br/>I am so glad that I didn’t have to wait in between books. I think I might have gone crazy had I been forced to wait for the next one to come out. Getting the chance to binge read these the first time around amped up my excitement and my anxiety and I loved every second of it.
 I feel crazy for even trying to talk about this without giving away any spoilers. Granted, I'm sure most people know ALL about Harry Potter and the major event that occurs at the end of this one. :) And if you don't know-then either read it or watch the movie!!! Ya'll are missing out.<br/><br/>I love this series. I'm surprised it has taken me so long to re-read it! I was expecting to see the writing become somewhat trivial and nothing special. However, it just sucked me in. While taken at face value, I'm sure it's fairly basic. Once it is all combined and the characters are involved, it certainly turns magical.<br/><br/>Harry has certainly grown, which is understandable given all that he has gone through. He doesn't act so much as a whiny kid like he used to. He is truly invested in securing his future at this point. Ron seemed to bloom as well. He really stepped out from behind Harry and became his own person. Same thing with Hermione-she starts to grow as a person and is more trusting. She opens up to her friends in ways she never did before.<br/><br/>Overall, we see just how much the wizarding world has changed since the first book. Everyone is much more grown up and facing more intense situations. I already know what happens in the next, but I still can't wait to read it again and experience the conclusion to all this chaos.
 Each book gets so much better than the last. Ginny and Harry, YES finally. The Half-Blood prince delivers. The 6th year, you can tell everyone is growing and changing. People are falling in love. I was so very sad to read about Dumbledore, it was bothering me how secretive he was being, and how he had made promises to Harry that he wasn't keeping.<br/><br/>Getting the backstory of Tom Riddle, learning about Horcruxes, which if Harry is a Horcruxe what could be in store for him!! I loved how Harry was complaining about Snape, but praising the Half-Blood prince. While these books have been out for awhile, and most everyone that has read them, I am so glad that I can read them back to back. I imagine for those that had to wait for each book, it was excruciating.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is another amazing installment in the Harry Potter Series. On the plus side, the wizarding world is once again standing behind Harry and Dumbledore, aware that they were telling the truth about the return of Voldemort. On the negative side, however, many have met a premature death in the fight against pure evil. These are dark times, and though it seems impossible, the events that unfold in this novel are even more ominous than those that came before it.<br/><br/>This is the first time readers are given a glimpse of the life that Tom Riddle led before becoming Lord Voldemort, beginning with his ill-conceived birth, and taking us through his time and actions in an orphanage, and his acceptance and studies at Hogwarts. Finally, we are able to begin to put together the pieces that made Voldemort who he is today--a killer intent on ruling forever and riding the world of mudbloods--anyone who isn't a pureblood witch or wizard. I really enjoyed this backwards glance into the life of our foe, Voldemort, as the puzzle-pieces began to come together and it is impossible not to be curious about the life and times of someone so inherently evil. Readers learn much about Voldemort's heritage, and perhaps the most important detail comes to light in this novel in terms of his life: the horcruxes. As the truth becomes clear concerning how Voldermort survived his backfiring curse the night he attempted to kill Harry, and with this knowledge, the race against time begins.<br/><br/>This is an extremely engaging novel and, though sinister in tone and ominous in nature, it is an amazing tale that will leave you glued to the pages; it will haunt you long after it's over, especially as the unthinkable happens in this novel, an event that had me so aghast that the tissues by my side were not enough to do it justice. It is the beginning of the end, and while I do not want this amazing world that Rowling has created to end, I am more than ready to see justice served.
 I was excited to read this, although a little reluctant because reading this meant that the series was ending. I was not and am still not ready for it to end, even though it can always be read again. It had a slow beginning, and towards the end it was really hard to put down. I had remembered this one as very frustrating, but as I read it this time, it was not as frustrating. I felt I could also relate to a lot of the feelings that Harry was going through more then when I had read this book the first time. As Harry, Ron and Hermione attend Hogwarts for their 6th year, they have to deal with not only Voldemort, but teenage feelings! There are some pretty stupid decisions being made in regard to love triangles and some book throwing worthy moments of indecision. The ending was of course very sad, but I finished it reluctant to read the next one because I did not want the series to end.
 Finally, the second to the last installment of the boy wizard's amazing story.  I've read this book ages ago but I can't stop re-reading it especially these fast few months. I am terribly missing Harry and the gang.<br/><br/>You must probably know by now (if you've read my past HP book reviews) that I intend to finish reviewing all the Harry Potter series because I owe him big time. Anyway, this is the second to the last HP that I'm going to review and I'm definitely moving to review other series.<br/><br/>To start with, the Half-Blood Prince currently holds the number 4 spot of my favorite Harry Potter sequels with Prisoner of Azkaban holding the top spot. I have mixed emotions about it, not in a negative way though. I don't know whether I'd be happy with it or be heartbroken when JK finished one of my favorite characters. That's a spoiler, I know, but it's necessary to be able to convey my review for this book.<br/><br/>Going into the specifics, there are a lot of things I like about HBP. Number one is that JK Rowling didn't fail to give us another jaw-dropping twist and mystery in this book that by the end, I was breathless like a trout out of water.<br/><br/>Second, it answered some of the questions that have been hanging in books 3, 4 and 5 but leaving a slight cliffhanger at the end...just enough to make everyone happy and thrilled to read the last book.<br/><br/>Third, the oozing teenage romance of our young heroes made my heart flutter and my stomach queasy with anticipation. And I totally admire that JK portrayed it in a funny, wholesome way unlike some other books out there that takes advantage of the whole romantic angle in an attempt to save the book.<br/><br/>Fourth, I love how JK Rowling chose HBP for tracing Tom Riddle's life history. It was very well timed and did not feel like the whole Riddle's story was inserted to make the pages longer.Fifth, JK Rowling's consistency with the characters, their interactions, and dialogues have always been a reason to look forward in reading and re-reading the books. There was never a time that I didn't smile every time a sarcastic remark or a punch line is delivered. And to emphasize this, I love the new character introduced in this book, Professor Slughorn. He's  an outrageous, overenthusiastic glutton that dots on Harry every opportunity that he got. Maybe an older version of Colin Creevey?<br/><br/>Sixth, I just love everything about HBP: the more serious tone, Harry's obsession with what Draco's up to, Slughorn, Harry's unashamed credit taking for his new potion brilliance (at least he's being authentic. Ha!), Ron's newly found hobby (snogging in public), Harry's moment of finally finding the right girl (spoiler), the lessons with Dumbledore, and Riddle's life being dissected. But there's one thing that made me mad about this book. WHY? WHY does Jo need to be sadistic in taking something that we all learned to love? Isn't it enough that we are completely in pain for Harry's past? Isn't Harry's past losses painful enough to feel the need to strike him with another blow? *sighs and cries*<br/><br/>To wrap this review, HBP is an excellent spectacle to set the stage for the final book. It tidied up the loose ends from the previous books without spoiling your hunger for the next book. A must-read even for the most reluctant HP readers out there.
 Out of all Harry Potter books, I would say that this one was the slowest of them all for me, despite the usual Rowling's brilliance. Instead of a stand alone book, it felt like one big massive gigantic setup that was going to lead to a spectacular ending in book 7. And I know it will, having read it before, but still, I actually had to push myself to keep reading, until about mid-way through the book when it picked up and started making my heart beat faster. Everything was there, the amazing multiple plots and sub-plots, the drama, the adolescent angst, the budding love, the dangerous adventure, and, of course, new terrible secrets, but it had a bit of a dry feeling to it and a tired aftertaste, as if Rowling didn't have enough spark to keep going, as if she was stringing it together willfully, and not playfully. It was still amazing, but I wish it had the spark and the craziness of the previous books, the exploding puddings in the kitchen, the letters flying out of the fireplace, the... the... well, the amazing inventive magic.<br/><br/>I would say Harry Potter's story in book 6 turns political. The war on Voldemort is not going very well and the Ministry of Magic would have loved to have used Harry as a mascot, only Harry is, of course, Dumbledore's man "through and through". Their bond is strengthening, they will go on a daring adventure together, they will dive deeper into the history of Lord Voldemort when he was Tom Riddle, and they will discover his most terrible secret, his most vulnerable spot, something that might lead to his ultimate defeat. And that is not all. There is, as always, a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, a club for elite students, vanishing cabinets, strong love potions encased in cauldron-shaped chocolates, liquid luck, a mysterious book on potions belonging to someone named the Half-Blood Prince, a dark lake full of inferi, an unbreakable vow, and horcruxes, objects of dark magic that are not spoken about. At last, at the end, there is be a terrible loss . It made me cry and fear more pain in book 7. Because, I know, more deaths are coming.<br/><br/>And with this, sad yet ready for the series to conclude, I go into Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.
 Despite having committed, dedicated friends who have his back, Harry has not told Ron or Hermione about the prophecy. Only he and Dumbledore know what the prophecy says, although there is much speculation flying around in The Daily Prophet, which has know quite quickly changed it's tune from Harry Potter/Dumbledore hater to Harry is the "Chosen One." Dumbledore urges Harry to tell Ron and Hermione, but still is is reluctant. He does so, but leaves out the part about the prophecy possibly being about Neville, and how Voldemort chose Harry, thinking that's who the prophecy intended (based on his very limited information). Dumbledore has also returned to school with a blackened, shriveled hand that he continually puts off explaining...as well as an interesting ring that was a Slytherin heirloom. Dumbledore also instructs Harry to carry his Invisibility Cloak with him at all times...<br/><br/>I noticed straight off in this book that Harry is exuding more thought processing than has been shown in previous books, and it's due largely in part to the fact that Hermione and Ron aren't as concerned with what Draco Malfoy is doing, where he's going, and they don't believe Harry when he admits that he believes Draco to be a Death Eater. And another very odd thing happens: Snape has been given the green light to teach Defense Against the Dark Arts, a post he's been pining to teach for over 15 years, and rejected each year. He is also firm in his belief that Sirius' death is Snape's fault, due to Snape taunting Sirius' inability to really contribute to the Order, being holed up at 12 Grimmauld Place.<br/><br/>Harry is taking private lessons with Dumbledore and learns some interesting history about Lord Voldemort. Through these lessons he learns nothing he really doesn't already know about Voldemort's character, but he does learn extremely valuable information regarding Voldemort's past. Meanwhile, Dumbledore is not getting along well with the new Minister of Magic, who was previously the head of the Auror department at the Ministry. And for good reason to, as we find out. The new Potions Professor, Slughorn, is trying to collect student who have strong connections to powerful or famous wizards into an exclusive club....and Draco is quite trite that he's not been invited to join and partake of all the activities.<br/><br/>During a Potions class, Harry is assigned a temporary book that has additional notes for potion-making and even some made-up charms, with a scribbling on the back cover that the book belongs to the Half-Blood Prince. There's no indication who this Prince is, but I immediately thought it was Voldemort - given that he's always lamented and cursed his Muggle father. Harry, however, thinks that the Half-Blood Prince is his own father, James. Hermione is irritated that Harry follow's the Half-Blood Prince's annotations and directions and is suddenly excelling in Potions class - even surpassing Hermione.<br/><br/>However, just as a rift occurred before between Ron and Hermione, another one does...over the same set of circumstances: matters of the heart. Ron and Hermione are secretly crushing on the other, but are at odds about it. Ron is quite mean to Hermione, who avoids being present like Ron's carrying the Black Plague. And there's another unsuspected crush going on for Harry, and he's apt to keep it secret and quiet. And the icing on the cake for the first semester is Katie Bell being cursed by a mysterious necklace that she mysteriously came into possession of and needed to deliver to someone...at Hogwarts. The very same necklace Harry say Draco Malfoy looking at years before.<br/><br/>To show off his fame (by association), Slughorn invites many to a Christmas party. Draco is found trying to sneak in, and an odd moment is exchanged between him and Snape. Harry secretly follows them and overhears a conversation that is quite questionable - and once again brings the matter of Snape's loyalties and trust to the forefront. This information is of course brushed off by Ron, Mr. Weasley and Remus at Christmas, when a very unexpected and unwelcome visitor (by everyone but Mrs. Weasley) shows up at the Burrow: Percy - with the Minister in tow! The Minister essentially wants Harry to make the Ministry look good, and he wants privileged information of Dumbledore's comings and goings. He gets quite angry when Harry refuses. This is quite a risky move, given the power the Minister of Magic holds and Harry's shaky past with the Ministry. Even riskier, Harry openly admits that his is "Dumbledore's man, through and through." He has definitely declared his allegiance.<br/><br/>Upon the return to Hogwarts, Harry begins religiously hunting for Malfoy on the Maurader's Map, hoping to catch him up to something...but at times, Harry can't find Malfoy on the map! How can he be leaving the grounds? Other revelations continue to pop up for the remainder of the book, setting Harry on edge and making him continually wonder and ponder - and possibly jump to conclusions. Dumbledore sets him what seems an impossible task, but it is the final piece of the puzzle explaining how Voldemort came to be what he is  - and the secret to possibly toppling his crudely-built empire of power.<br/><br/>This book will definitely leave you shocked, wondering and questioning just as Harry has always done. It will completely throw readers, and it leaves the fate of Hogwarts up in the air. I said of the last book that it was set set apart from the rest of the series because it was setting some big things in motion - and this book has definitely shown a glimpse of that. I expect Rowling to go no-holds-barred for the final book of the series.
 Another year at Hogwarts has begun and Harry Potter has never been more popular.  After his daring adventure at the Ministry of Magic, everyone now knows that he has been telling the truth about Voldemort all along.  Even Hermione admits that Harry has "never been more interesting and fanciable."<br/><br/>Harry has more important things on his mind, though.  Namely, what is Draco Malfoy up to?  Draco was acting suspiciously even before school began.  In Diagon-alley, Harry, Ron, and Hermione spotted Draco slipping away from his mother and sneaking into Knock-turn Alley where he visited Borgan and Burke's, dealers of dark magic and cursed objects.  At school, Malfoy continues to act strangely, giving up his Prefect duties and Quidditch so he can sneak around the castle while no one is around.  When a necklace, bearing a deadly curse, and a bottle of poisoned mead find their way into the castle, Harry just knows Malfoy is involved.  And when Harry overhears Snape and Malfoy arguing about Draco's "job", it seems Harry's suspicions are confirmed.<br/><br/>Harry decides to set the house-elves, Dobby and Kreecher, on Malfoy's tail to find out what he is up to.  They soon discover that Draco is spending a lot of time in the room of requirement, using Crabbe and Goyle as lookouts.<br/><br/>The mystery comes to a disastrous climax high atop the astronomy tower, when Malfoy manages to corner a weakened and wandless Dumbledore.  Draco braggingly reveals that he has found a way to let death-eaters into the castle, using the room of requirement, and it is his, Malfoy's, job to kill Dumbledore.  Draco quickly learns, however, that murder is not nearly so glamorous as it seemed from a distance.  Will he find the nerve to go through with it, or will Dumbledore talk his way out of this?<br/><br/>J K Rowling has certainly kept us guessing about Severus Snape, but that mystery has been solved, hasn't it?  He has finally shown his true colors, atop the astronomy tower.  I am particularly impressed with the way Rowling keeps up the suspense, bouncing us first one way, then the other.  It takes a great deal of skill for a writer to evoke such strong emotion from the reader, and Rowling is one of the best I've read.<br/><br/>I read a Jim Dale interview a few days ago, where the interviewer asked Dale if he had a favorite voice.  Dale said he couldn't pick just one, but he did particularly enjoy performing Professor Slughorn because of the wide vocal range it allowed.  Jim Dale may have a hard time choosing, but the Audio Publisher's Association didn't.  They made Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince the very first audiobook inducted into their brand new hall of fame in 2006.<br/><br/>Wouldn't you just like to take Severus Snape and dip him in a pool of stink sap and boobo-tuber pus?  Things don't look good, do they?  Voldemort is getting stronger and stronger, and now Dumbledore is gone.  The only person left who can stand in Voldemort's way is Harry Potter, but is he ready to go head to head with the Dark Lord all by himself??<br/><br/>FAVORITE ROWLING CREATION: The unbreakable vow.  It's just what it sounds like.  When one wizard makes a promise to another, with a third to bear witness and cast the appropriate spell over the vow, the promise cannot be broken.  Well, you can break it, but if you do, you die.  Too bad we can't make politicians take unbreakable vows before they take office.<br/><br/>FAVORITE JIM DALE VOICE: I'm with Jim on this one; I really enjoy the voice of Horace Slughorn.  If Hogwarts had a drama team, Professor Slughorn would definitely be their coach.  He delivers his lines so theatrically.  Jim Dale's theatre background came in handy here, I'm guessing.<br/><br/>FAVORITE SCENE: Professor Slughorn has a memory about Voldemort that Harry desperately needs, but Slughorn just won't give it up.  The answer?  Felix felicis!  Commonly known as liquid luck, this potion gives the drinker good luck for one day.  After drinking felix, Harry promptly announces that he's going down to Hagrid's hut, even though it's the middle of the night and he's supposed to be going to see Slughorn.  Harry has a good feeling about Hagrid, though, so off he goes, to the dismay of Ron and Hermione.  Harry's good luck becomes evident when he discovers that Filch has neglected to lock the front door of the castle.  Harry slips out and, wouldn't you know it, encounters Slughorn outside in the gardens taking a nighttime stroll.  He promptly convinces Slughorn to join him at Hagrid's for the funeral of Aragog the Acromantula.  Acromantula venom is extremely valuable, which, luckily enough, interests Slughorn a great deal.  At the memorial service, Hagrid and Slughorn have a little too much to drink, and Harry gets the memory he needs, catching Slughorn at a weak moment.  Good old Felix!  Imagine what you could accomplish with one whole day of good luck!<br/><br/>MOST SHOCKING REVELATION: Draco Malfoy is a death-eater!  We've always known that Draco was slimy and underhanded, but this is too much.  And on top of that, Voldemort has given Draco the task of murdering Albus Dumbledore!  Ha!  Draco only wishes he had that kind of power!<br/><br/>FAVORITE CHARACTER: I've been wanting to put Arthur Weasley in this spot for a while now.  This guy just cracks me up.  Mister Weasley works at the Ministry of Magic, in the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Department.  That's the perfect place for him, because he is absolutely crazy for anything that has to do with muggles.  Arthur collects batteries and plugs, (the Dursley's electric fireplace was of particular interest to him in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire), and his dearest ambition is to find out how airplanes stay up.  Most importantly, he is a devoted husband and father, and for this reason Arthur Weasley is my favorite character from Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.<br/><br/>FAVORITE QUOTE: Albus Dumbledore, as he and Harry leave the Dursley's; "Let us step into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure."<br/><br/>FILM ADAPTATION: Amazing!  All six of the Harry Potter movies are in the top 25 all-time grossing films.  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince hit theaters in 2009 and, just like its predecessors, it was a huge box office smash, earning $934 million worldwide.
 In the sixth installment within the Harry Potter series one encounters the merging together of magic and `real' as Voldemort and his Death Eaters break through that divide between the muggle world and their secret - which up until now no one had ever considered would come to pass!<br/><br/>As I waited restlessly for JK Rowling's next book to be released I can remember as I caught sight of the emerald cover, how Harry Potter had impacted my own life as this fictional character had woven itself into my mind for eternity. Reading in a fervent frenzied passion for many hours, I gleefully lost myself once more in Harry's exciting world where danger was heightened and Voldemorts threat even more potent as he attacked non-magical folk. This significant act was an acute warning message to all, thus reminding Harry and other wizarding folk of what the dark lord is capable of and how no one is safe (not even muggles). I connected with this book even more than the other's previously, as the enemy seemed deadlier than ever and something to be frightened of - for I now loved Harry's world &amp; Hogwarts and would be devastated for it to all be lost. You find yourself fighting his corner and willing on the members of the Order &amp; Dumbledore's Army to try and stand firm against this darkness that threatens to engulf all below it in shadow &amp; hatred, but you also realize that Harry is quite ALONE in this fight- for he is the only one who can defeat `you know who'.<br/><br/>The story begins with Dumbledore actually appearing for the first time ever before the start of term and who takes Harry to see Horace Slughorn whom he wants persuaded to take up the post as this year Potions master. As always there is a reason behind Dumbledore's actions as too is there behind other characters, such as Severus Snape who performs the Unbreakable Vow; his life in exchange for Draco Malfoy's so that the young boy may do Voldemorts bidding. Dark times lie ahead as Harry starts a new year at school and one that is fraught with danger at every turn, including Draco Malfoy who is using the `Room of Requirement' to conceal something very important and which will help the Death Eaters to finally break into the school!! As Dumbledore takes Harry aside and shows him memories from the past, including ones regarding the young Tom Riddle as how he changed from being a naughty orphan boy into one of the most deadly and dangerous Wizards alive. Full of darkness and mystery, secrets and of course the odd teenage love amidst all the danger this story is totally captivating and a book that I just could not put down. We also meet new and interesting characters such as Luna Lovegood who is certainly `different' then there is Ron's attempt at Quidditch and his girlfriend Lavender Brown, and poor Hermione who has to endure the unwelcome advances of McClaggen whilst Harry and Ginny become closer.<br/><br/>As Dumbledore and Harry try to retrieve the next Horcrux, Harry must summon all of his inner strength to do the impossible as he watches his hero and `father figure' die before him. Voldemort is coming...<br/><br/>Full of suspense and electric tension that sends chills down your spine Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is the most spectacular and remarkable read EVER!!! I am once again astonished by JK Rowling's writing and how she makes everything much darker and sinister in this book, which certainly will appeal to the older reader as Harry becomes a man. Finding out more about Snape and also more about Draco Malfoy is a real treat, as within this part of the series other characters are brought to the forefront and we gain a better perspective on the `bigger picture'. As Voldemort is not just one being intent on killing a half-blood boy, no, his followers intend to destroy all that is good not only within this world but within the muggle world too - it is on such an epic scale now that the seriousness of this tale really hits you...spectacular!
 As someone very very disappointed with Order of the Phoenix, I was glad when this was eventually published, as the tale, and the writing, and the plot, put right so much damage done in the previous book, at least in my view; you may not agree and that's fine.<br/><br/>The opener involving someone very like a very real British PM is delightful.<br/><br/>The lighter delivery of JKs once Harry was back with his pals at school is also, or let's say, was, a huge relief. Quidditch is back on the menu and provides much of the lighter moments; Luna is someone so enchanting that I think all would wish she had been around sooner, (before Phoenix, even). New teacher Horace Slughorn is also a delight, and shows us that we must not think that all of Slytherin are evil to the last boy / girl - man / woman - difficult to do of course but something to muse on.<br/><br/>But of course, underneath all this slapstick are things ominous, and Harry even begins to bore his friends with tales of same brought about by the suspicious movements of Draco in Diagon Alley. Harry is also closeted with Dumbledore throughout, on a series of special tasks. I'd best not throw spoilers in here, but it has to be mentioned that JK did so so well with her Dickensesque pastiche - gin loving Cockney matron of an orphanage - you'd swear it was Kathleen Harrison or someone like here, from the old black and white Dickens films. Actually, time wise, I think it's perhaps set just at the tail end of the Edwardian era, maybe between the wars even, but no matter, think of it as a homage (with French accent which I can never find on me keyboard) to 'the old days', then such distinctions don't matter.<br/><br/>But all comes out in the wash, very dramatically so as the tale nears the end.<br/><br/>One of the best reads for kids or adults ever, in my opinion.
 Warning: Major character death spoiler in this review.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is a rich,compelling novel. There are many things to like about Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince,but let's start with the character development of Harry. In Prince,it is clear that Harry has greatly matured from Phoenix. While there are several ways that Harry's increased maturity is shown,such as the change in his attitude towards Luna,his better temperament,etc there is one thing that stands out particularly: Harry handles Dumbledore's death with much more class and maturity than he did Sirius's death. Instead of the rage,desperation,and even denial Harry showed after Sirius dies,Harry shows much more acceptance towards Dumbledore's death,though it is actually a far greater loss. The clearly increased maturity Harry displays in Half Blood Prince is an indication of a character who is growing up before our very eyes. Dumbledore's death,of course,shows that even the best of us are mortal. This is also the book in which Harry "Takes the reins" from Dumbledore as being the most important "good" character. After Dumbledore's death Harry makes plans to carry on what Dumbledore had started. This is the book in which the torch is passed from mentor to hero. I find it symbolic that,early in the book,Dumbledore says "You are with me.",but,later in the book,minutes before his death,Dumbledore says "I am not worried. I am with you." There's a real feeling there of "Harry has to take over now." Another great part of Half Blood prince was the ambiguity with which Severus Snape is portrayed. The chapter Spinner's End gives a real hint to the possibility of Snape really truly being on Voldemort's side. Yet Dumbledore still trusts him. That was really well set up. At it's core,there are 2 main plotlines in Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. On one hand,Prince is a backstory story as we learn more about Lord Voldemort's past through the memories Dumbledore shares with Harry. This gives our main villain character more depth than he had before and we also see the beginnings of the Dumbledore-Voldemort battles. On the other hand,Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is a setup story. The events that occur in Prince,including the discovery of what it would take to kill Voldemort and the death of Dumbledore,are a setup for the war that occurs in Deathly Hallows. And some events that occur in Half Blood Prince prove to be much more important than you thought they were once Deathly Hallows is read. Finally,I had VERY strong emotional reactions to the death of Dumbledore. I cried with a burning sensation in my tears several times: first when Dumbledore died,again when Harry came to Dumbledore's body and had the death sink in on him,again when Rowling writes And he knew without knowing how he knew it,that the phoenix had left Hogwarts for good,just as Dumbledore had left the school,had the world...had left Harry,and finally at Dumbledore's funeral. This,once again,was the realism of the Harry Potter series. I could feel the sadness and grief through the pages. The only negative about Half Blood Prince is that the Dean-Ginny and Ron-Lavender stuff should have been edited out because it added nothing to the plot. Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is a rich,rewarding,engrossing novel that can't be anything but 5 stars.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince by J. K. Rowling (book 6)<br/>Pages:  652<br/>Release Date:  January 1st, 2005<br/>Date Read:  2011, November 29th - December 6th<br/>Received: Own<br/>Rating:  5/5 stars<br/>Recommended to:  15+<br/><br/>This summary contains spoilers to the previous books! If you have not read Harry Potter books 1-4 I suggest you do not read the Summary. The actual review holds no spoilers.<br/><br/>SUMMARY -<br/>Harry Potter is very unsure of what to expect from his 6th year at Hogwarts.  There is a new Minister of Magic, Rufus Scrimgeour, and after what happened at the Ministry of Magic, Harry's story of Voldemort's return is finally looked upon as true.  He's even being called "The Chosen One".  Plus, there's a new Professor to take over Umbridge's job, Defense of the Dark Arts.  But even with all this, he can't help but wonder what's wrong with Draco Malfoy, who has been acting extra suspicious, even for Draco.  With the help of his friends Ron and Hermione, private lessons with Professor Dumbledore himself, and the amazing Potions notes he found in his used Advanced Potions book, Harry must discover the truth behind Malfoy's behavior before the worst comes to pass.<br/><br/>MY THOUGHTS -<br/>Ok, so, I knew about that big thing at the end (sucks, huh?) and also who did it (extra lame, I know), but GEEZ!  I was still soooo engrossed.  And sad.  So, so sad. :(<br/><br/>I have no different thoughts/feelings/emotions toward toward this book than the last one - they're just heightened and about to freaking burst inside of me!  I mean, how is this so amazing?!  My mind is befuddled by this amazing accomplishment that is Harry Potter - and I am full of love for this extraordinary cast and - how am I going to survive?!<br/><br/>Ok, I'm done being dramatic.  Moving on.<br/><br/>CHARACTER NOTES -<br/>Fred Weasley, I am madly in love with you and forever will be.  I would like to be your wife.  Please say you'll marry me and take me away to your joke shop, where we will have many red-headed pranking children and live happily ever after forever and always.<br/><br/>Besides my undying passion for a particular Weasley twin (and yes I know about him already...), I must add a  few new observations.  You know how in my review for the previous book I mentioned how Harry is always a bit more revealed in each book?  Well this time around I noticed how respectful he is.  To friends, to teachers - to Dumbledore.  The way he treats everyone as he would treat himself...how he talks to Dumbledore and how he's "Dumbledore's man through and through" - that almost brought tears to my eyes. I really really love Harry.<br/><br/>Ron and Hermione continue to grow as well, and still stay geniusly consistent.  I love the development of mutual feelings between them!!<br/><br/>However, I can't forget Ginny, the new part of my Top 3 Favorite Harry Potter Characters since book 5.  WOW, that girl - she's amazing.  Tough, but sweet.  Totally kind, but will stand up for herself. Dang.  She blows me away.<br/><br/>STORY NOTES -<br/>The story progresses very intensely in book 6.  So much that you get that feeling of "It's going to end...really soon."<br/><br/>This book is quite a bit spookier than the others - the inferi totally had me gaping with their intense creepiness.  The climax was, as usually, quite incredible, with amazing reveals (totally was not expecting the Half-Blood Prince to be that person!) and a bittersweet ending that'll leave you dying for book 7.<br/><br/>I really loved the way Malfoy's character shift affected the story.  That, too, was something I had not expected and it exposed Malfoy in a very interesting way.<br/><br/>The relationship between Harry and Dumbledore really affected the story in the greatest of ways.  I love how they bonded - even when Harry didn't know a lot about Dumbledore.<br/><br/>So - now I'm dying to know the rest of this fantastic story and how it all plays out!  To say I'm hooked would be the biggest understatement of the history of the world!!  Glued, stuck, plastered, never-to-be-parted-from - those don't even say enough!  I'm in love!<br/><br/>SUMMING IT UP -<br/>What an excellent 6th book!! (I think I say that with every book...  It's true, though!)  Deathly Hallows - come to Mama!  ;)<br/><br/>FOR THE PARENTS -<br/>Lots of kissing (aka snogging) and spooky dark magic.  15+
 I love this book. It is amazing and a really really spectacular read. This book is about a boy named Harry and his friends who are facing a lot of challenges. Voldermort the most evil wizard of all times is back and evil is everywhere. This is the book where you finally begin to realize that a war is starting. We start off in the book that Cornelius Fudge is sacked and replaced, Harry helps persuade a teacher to come back to Hogwarts and spends the rest of the summer at the Weasly's house. Harry and his two best buds Ron and Hermione encounter a mysterious scene (after they look through Fred and Geoge's joke shop) that makes Harry think that Draco Malfoy is a Death Eater. He gets to school with a broken nose and by the next day is okay. Snape is now the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher and in potions class Harry gets a instruction book that used to belong to the half blood prince/Snape. Slughorn invites Harry to dinner parties and is also set on a mssion by Dumbledore to retrieve a memory from Slughorn. Malfoy ends up cursing Katie Bell, poisoning Ron and disarming Dumbledore. Harry almost kills Malfoy and the Weasly house is destroyed by death eaters. In the end Harry retrieves the memory and he and Dumbledore go looking for a horkrux, find a fake one and Snape kills Dumbledore. The books has so many mixed feelings and intense moments that it just blows me away. Don't foreget to read the next and final Hary Potter book "The Deathly Hallows. J.K. Rowling rocks!!!!
 **spoiler alert** I think this is my favorite HP yet. It's not as fun as many of the others, but it was fascinating to learn about Voldemort's past. I've read a handful of books that had to do with psychopaths and I think Voldemort is definitely the magical equivalent of a psychopath.<br/><br/>From very early on in his life he has a sense of being "special" and feeling vastly superior to everyone else. He torments the other kids in the orphanage and gets pleasure from being able to control animals. He is constantly manipulating those around him, yet the book talks about how he doesn't have anyone that he considers a friend. Dumbledore talks about how he charmed all the Hogwarts teachers and fooled everyone into thinking he was a great guy. He has a complete and utter lack of empathy for anything and anyone (e.g., he tasks a boy (Draco) with killing Dumbledore - something that was seemingly impossible and all but a death-wish for Draco). All of these are strong indicators of psychopathy.<br/><br/>Another thing I appreciated in the Half-Blood Prince is that the main characters are so much more mature than in previous books (except for Ron, perhaps). There was still a bit of bickering among friends, but it wasn't nearly as annoying as in the other books. The only bad part of the book was the Harry's and Jenny's romance, which I thought was done poorly.<br/><br/>Immediately upon finishing, I wanted to start reading the next book. This is the first book of the series that has made me feel that way. It may just be that the others wrapped up more nicely, whereas this one ends with a devastating death and Harry's decision to leave Hogwarts and set off on a quest to find Voldemort.
 To J. K. Rowling's credit, the Harry Potter series improves as it goes on. This sixth book, The Half-Blood Prince, is my favorite so far, narrowly surpassing the fourth. I wrote previously that I had qualms with the first book and found most of the middle books mediocre (the fourth book, The Goblet of Fire, notwithstanding).<br/><br/>I wrote in my review of the first book, "I struggle to remind myself that Rowling is writing to a child audience at this point. I've been told her writing matured as her audience did." That perception has proven true, and Rowling has grown remarkably in what were previously weak areas in her writing.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the other characters have blossomed, showing more depth and complexity. Potter's teenage, angst-filled, passion-driven reasoning at the end of this book vividly reflects his growth as a character, and that passage mirrors well the troubled thought life of teenage males driven by emotion.<br/><br/>In another improvement, Rowling now shows more skill in developing intriguing plot devices, and her writing on horcruxes shows particular growth from the early books. Rather than tossing out clever ideas and leaving them to shrivel on the vine, Rowling spends some time giving life to those concepts. Horcruxes haunt the reader's imagination, not merely as vague ideas, but as terrifying objects to be feared, largely because several pages are devoted to their history.<br/><br/>This, The Half-Blood Prince, left me wanting, but unlike the previous books I was not longing for more depth in what I'd read; instead, I threw down this book ready to pick up the seventh.
 (Contains spoilers from earlier books in series)<br/><br/>The Ministry of Magic has finally admitted that Voldemort has returned, and Dumbledore has returned as Hogwarts Headmaster. Furthermore, Dumbledore has realized that it was a huge mistake to leave Harry in the dark for so long. He and Harry become much closer in Harry's sixth year at Hogwarts, as Dumbledore reveals much of what he knows of Voldemort's history and motivations to Harry. Harry is also kept busy with his new obsession that Draco Malfoy is up to new levels of "no good." Ron and Hermione poo-poo his suspicions and keep themselves busy with escalating romantic tension.<br/><br/>Altogether, this book has a LOT going on, yet it's more compact than the previous two books. Overall, I think this is Rowling's best written book in the series, even if my favorites are the first four. I really enjoyed this re-read of the 6th book in the Harry Potter series - it's only my second time reading this book, and I had forgotten a lot of it. The romantic tension between Ron and Hermione is my favorite part of the book, since it'd been building for SO long and was finally let loose terrifically.<br/><br/>Jim Dale's reading, as usual, is excellent. It took some getting used to, but after the first or second book it really grew on me. I know all his voices for the characters, and that really ads to my enjoyment of the story.
 I gave this a 4, because well, I am just enjoying the whole series. I absolutely loved the device of the Pensieve and the way Harry and Dumbledore could enter other people's memories. The look into Voldemort's past is absolutely fascinating. Nevertheless, I felt a bit disappointed in the end. Yes I realize this is part of a series, but I feel that each book in a series should be at least somewhat self-contained. The larger plot (Harry's battle with Voldemort) fills the whole series, but if a bunch of odd hints are dropped in book 6, they should really be resolved in book 6. The first few books did fulfill this requirement, so in that sense I would say those were more tightly plotted.<br/><br/>I'm a fan of the tightly plotted book rather than the soap-opera format, where unexplained stuff happens, readers forget all about it, and then 500 pages later it pops back up. (Or it doesn't, but by that time you have forgotten it.) This is what makes TV soap opera writers able to just string plots out endlessly without ever coming to a resolution.<br/><br/>I wanted to know more about 'The half-blood prince", why he did what he did, whatever happened to Kreacher, who loathes Harry but is forced to serve him. I want to know a little more about Malfoy and why he changed from an obnoxious bully to a whining toady. Some kind of plot was going on with the cursed necklace; what was its purpose? SPOILER ALERT:::::Well on Page 500 or wherever, we learn that "Malfoy was behind it" and "Snape was actually on the Dark Side". As for poor Dumbledore: WHY OH WHY did he trust Snape, and why did he immobilize Harry, effectively condemning himself to death? Did he want to be a martyr? I can make guesses, and hopefully all of those loose ends will be tied up in the final book... but at this point, the climax of Book 6 feels rushed and unfinished.<br/><br/>I feel that this book did not live up to its potential. Of course it is enthralling, just because Rowling has created this dense fantasy and sucked us all in. Nevertheless I feel the pacing of this story is not what it could be. Stuff happened, but at the end the main plot thread is about retrieving Voldemort's memories. What else are Harry, Dumbledore and the Order of the Phoenix doing with themselves besides waiting passively for Voldemort's next move? An example of a book with great pacing is my favorite of the series, The Goblet of Fire. In this book, Harry keeps meeting new challenges, Hermione keeps discovering more knowledge, there's lots of action--and oh yeah, there's spells, Dragons, Quiddich, and a whopping climax.<br/><br/>The Harry Potter series started off with a few books seemingly for kids--fun little mysteries like the Hardy Boys or Nancy Drew. Now as Book 6 closes I'm pretty sure the Potter series has turned into a Nazi story with a psycho "pure-blood" who wants to exterminate everyone who doesn't meet his purity standards. Could the parallels be any more obvious? I notice a lot of fantasy authors are re-hashing historical events in the real world. I just wonder if they could try to be a little more original.
 I LOVED this book! I have watched every Harry Potter movie many MANY times, so I was hesitant to read the books. I thought I knew everything about them already; however, I was totally wrong. Each book adds details which were not in the movie, especially in the Half-Blood Prince. It is of course expected that movies vary slightly from their book version, but this gave me a feeling of reading almost a whole new story. As I mentioned I've seen the movie tons of times, but I still could not put this book down! The details explained so much and connected so many pieces together. We are allowed so much more details into the depths of each character.
 What a fabulous book!  Can you believe this series is on the banned books list?  I was curious about why that's the case, so I did a bit of googling and found a site which goes into more detail about the ban.<br/><br/>My favorite reason?  That people believe witchcraft is real (did we not learn from burning "witches" in the old timey days?), and further, that the Harry Potter series is going to convince children that witchcraft is fun instead of evil.<br/><br/>Have these people read the series?  It very clearly takes place in a secret world.  Believe me, there have been plenty of times that I've wished I could just grab a broom and fly away, or stupefy someone into shutting up.  But uh, I'm pretty sure it doesn't work that way.  Or, if we're really going to talk about literature I wish was real...I have a replica of The One Ring from the LOTR series.  I wear it every day.  Sadly, it has never made me invisible.<br/><br/>Anyway, all that nonsense aside, I was completely blown away by this book.  I've seen the movie a ton, but I was pleasantly surprised at all the other details that existed in this book.  For example, I felt like the relationships were much more developed and we got significantly better background on them in the book - whereas in the movie, it was like BAM! Harry and Ginny kiss once!<br/><br/>Obviously one of the most important plot points we read is about horcruxes.  Anyone who knows anything about this series understands the significance of that word.  If you don't, please go to the beginning and start reading this series, because you are totally going to kick yourself for not doing it sooner.<br/><br/>This book transports me to the center of the wizarding world, a place I'm very much in love with, although it unfortunately does not spend enough time with my beloved Snape.  I'd love an entire series just written about Snape, actually...<br/><br/>I can't really find anything wrong with this book that I haven't mention in previous books, so it was nearly flawless in my opinion.  The kids are, naturally, more grown up, and I love seeing them having to face more realistic problems, make decisions that actually affect the world, and take those further steps down the paths that lead to their destinies.  This was a touching story, I dare you to read it without crying, and I'm dying to pick the last one up very soon.
 Say all you want about formulaic plot devices and fan-fiction romances, but that couldn't stop the Half-Blood Prince from elevating the Harry Potter phenomenon to a feverish level. Pottermainia was ubiquitous and the world couldn't get enough. Even the book's three-word plot twist (___ kills ___ for those who still don't want to be spoiled) became an infamous meme in itself.<br/><br/>The brilliance of the Half-Blood Prince comes from JK Rowling somehow juggling the imminent threat of Voldemort and his death eaters with the everyday drama of being sixteen and in school. The often light-hearted tone should feel off by all accounts but it doesn't. It works.<br/><br/>Here we get to look back into Voldemort's past, uncovering secrets about the boy Tom Riddle transforming into He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. And the addition of the new Slytherin professor, Horace Slughorn, provides a complex perspective on a man who isn't so obviously black and white like the Slytherins tend to be.
 Despite some of the sad key events in the story, this is my favorite book in the series. It reminds me of The Empire Strikes Back in that it leaves a lot of things unanswered, but has an excellent storyline where the good guys don't always come out unscathed or even appear to win, in some cases.<br/><br/>For the story itself, I loved the comedy in this book and felt it was very well executed. The story gives further depth to each of the characters, good and bad, and introduces some new good ones.<br/><br/>While understanding that many have read the book at this point, I'm trying bit too give to many details for those who have not. Excellent continuation for the series and as a stand alone book. Highly recommended book.<br/><br/>I should note that I listened to much if the book on my commute to work. Jim Dale does a great job for each of the books, and this one is no exception.
 The prelude to the big finale! Not sure how to rate this and not give away the story! The entire life of Harry Potter and all of wizard world is shifted by the events in book six. The exiting adventure continues for Harry, Ron and Hermione as they attempt to discover the mystery of who exactly the Half Blood Prince is. Rowling continues her brilliant narrative and grabs our hearts and minds at an even deeper level! Please read all the books and read them in order and you will have a marvelous life experience the you will always remember!
 **minor spoilers**<br/>Another later 'Harry Potter' book that is somewhat hard to asess. I'll go with the bad first, to end on a good note later. 1) Harry's rampant cheating and lying are looked down upon, but it is only when he accidentally, physically harms a student (after using a spell in a school copy spell book that has an old student's short cuts and self-made spells scrawled in it) that who else but Severus Snape gives him detention. FINALLY. Harry is all dramatic about it. 2) Now Hermione's finishing Ron's homework for him, virtually fixed a Quidditch practice, and then calls Harry out for doing something similar! ERRG!. 3) There is a lot of emotional conflict in this book among our close friends (Harry, Ron, Hermione, Ginny, etc.) because romance is starting to blossom. Unfortunatley, Rowling makes the characters come of as mopey, angry, temperamental, sulking people. Like stereotypes of adolescence. 4) The Quidditch match scenes don't have the old spice anymore, maybe because Harry gets all rage-ified so often.<br/><br/>But, there are a lot of good points. 1)Despite the drama, Harry, Ron, and Hermione really do like each other and this is shown very strongly in the end. 2) Tom Riddle/Voldemort's life story (seen with the Pensieve) is well done and interesting. 3) Many reviewers say that Dumbledore is "weak" in this one, but for me it is a realistic. Dumbledore sticks firmly to his duties, but he has times of tiredness, of mental lagging, as many elderly people do. This shows how human he is. 4) Harry's loyalty to Dumbledore is wonderfully played, especially during a dramatic task that Harry and the headmaster do together. 5) Lots of action mixed with emotion. Wonderful. 6} There is still humor and fun in these books, which includes Ron accidentally taking a love potion and Luna commenting at a Quidditch match.<br/><br/>So there you go...worth reading, definitely, but be prepared for a strange change in some characters' personas.
 With epic series, I'm always afraid of how the end happens--too often, it's "thing, thing, thing, thing, climactic battle, END."  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince does not fall into this trap.  It picks up threads from previous books, begins to reveal how the series will end, includes a few of the struggles to build to that end, and some major reveals. . . but now I immediately have to move on to the next book.  I can't imagine those who had to wait a year.
 J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince<br/>(Bloomsbury, 2005)<br/><br/>Reviewed by Darren Cronshaw<br/><br/>Of J.K. Rowling's six Harry Potter books so far, for sheer enjoyment this one tops the list. The classic hilarity, classroom wit, conspiracies and creativity that Harry Potter fans love are there. The story includes themes of friendship, romance, loyalty, teamwork, cheating, confidence, struggling with destiny, discovering new gifts, politics, and - again - loss and grief.<br/><br/>Christians concerned with the magic which is part Rowling's created world may still question the appropriateness of reading Harry Potter. Although the magic is less dark than the previous two books, it is there as part of the technology or tools that the characters use. There is no higher spiritual power to draw on - good or evil. Even when the plot suggests the presence of what could be a religious ceremony and priest, any significance was downplayed. In our world, too, secularism is as much (or more) a challenge than spiritualism. Yet it is fair to read Rowling within the context she creates rather than expecting her world to be the same as ours.<br/><br/>Another concern is the situational ethics that often guides the characters - and unexpected characters make some unexpected deviations from their usual patterns for the sake of love. On that theme, the main characters Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny pair off in different directions as they explore their feelings and admit who they `really like'. But whether facing ethical, relational or other decisions, part of the value of the books is modelling decision-making in tough times. The dilemmas and surprising consequences are part of why the books are loved so much - because readers realize life is not always clear cut and things do not always turn out as expected.<br/><br/>So rather than bemoaning magic as a literary genre or student misdemeanors as evidence of poor ethics, I suggest Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is a great starting point for personal reflection and conversation with readers - young or old - about issues of faith and spirituality and where we put our trust; the value of the soul and the power of love; science and technology out of control; politics, public perception and justice; youth, ethics and relationships; and balancing discernment with believing in people (even if they have betrayed or mucked up that trust in the past.) And it is a wonderfully imagination-gripping good yarn, and I am looking forward to the concluding seventh volume and how the epic resolves!<br/><br/>Reviewed originally in Zadok Perspectives No. 88 (Spring, 2005)
 Harry Potter #6: Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, by J. K. Rowling<br/><br/>The first time I read "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince," I don't remember liking it all that much. After "Order of the Phoenix," it just seemed less complex, shorter, and...I can't quite remember.  But for me, "Half-Blood Prince," like "Order of the Phoenix," is a book that gets better and better each time I read it.<br/><br/>I've also read online that J. K. Rowling considers "Half-Blood Prince" and "Deathly Hallows" as two parts of the same book, and when I keep that in mind, I like "Half-Blood Prince" even more.<br/><br/>The Ministry of Magic has finally been forced to acknowledge that Voldemort is back. Harry, Ron, and Hermione scan The Daily Prophet for names of his newest victims, and even Muggles are starting to notice mysterious deaths and weird disasters.<br/><br/>Professor Dumbledore takes Harry under his wing, finally answering some of the questions Harry has had for years. In private lessons, Dumbledore recounts Voldemort's history as Tom Riddle and his rise as a Dark wizard. Harry learns about Horcruxes, magical objects that are the key to Voldemort's immortality. Finding and destroying Horcruxes becomes the main focus of this and the last book in the series.<br/><br/>In their sixth year at Hogwarts, the gang balances the fear of Voldemort's return, a new Potions teacher, and put up with Snape as the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. Harry's hormones start to kick in, and while he realizes he likes Ginny Weasley, he's hesitant to date her as her brother is his best friend. And with the help of an old Potions textbook, Harry becomes a superstar in a subject he once hated.<br/><br/>For me the best part of "Half-Blood Prince" is learning Voldemort's backstory, as well as the shift of the series into a more adult tone. There is a lot going on in this book (as in all Harry Potter books), and a few more questions posed. Make sure you can readily get "Deathly Hallows," because you'll be rushing for it after finishing "Half-Blood Prince."<br/><br/>5/5.
 On her website, J.K. Rowling responded to a rumor that there will be Harry Potter prequels by writing, "Too much Star Wars will do that to a person." Come now, Ms. Rowling ... You can never have too much love, money, or Star Wars in your life.<br/><br/>But the fact of the matter is, between the pensieve / occlumancy flashbacks in books four, five, and now six of the Harry Potter series, there aren't many backstories left for her to tell. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is the richest in flashbacks of her books, and these journeys into the past constitute the highlights of Rowling's second-best Potter book.<br/><br/>This is, I guess, one of the "big" books in the series, but unlike the previous two installments, every page and part is spellbindingly justified here. By now, with book seven just on the horizon, most of you already know this story, but for those few whom I have left to convert (and you know who you are, all twenty-six of you hairy-chested, Cro-magnon, monkey-imitating rubes), here's the general idea:<br/><br/>Dumbledore enlists Harry's personal help in uncovering the source of Volemort's seeming immortality as together they seek a way to destroy him. Along the way, Harry will captain his Quidditch team, endure another loss and betrayal, and finally find someone to love. And, oh yeah, you just won't believe who's teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts this year ...<br/><br/>Addendum to the review: The first chapter alone is worth the price of the book. What Rowling did to the press in the form of Rita Skeeter in book four, she now does for politics in general with her delicious portrayal of a fallen Cornelius Fudge. Oh, but we've been waiting for him to get what's comin' to him ... sooooo good ....<br/><br/>(This review was posted by Marcus Damanda, author of the vampire fantasy "Teeth.")
 This is an awful book. The series started out amazing, and used to have depth. The front of this book was somewhat repetitive in relation to plots of the other book. Despite this, there was enough depth that it still was interesting. However, at the end there were just too many things jammed into the book without enough preparation and detail. I kept thinking, wait, what just happened?? Reading a summary of the book would be as enjoyable as reading the book itself, and wouldn’t waste nearly as much time.
 As I've only just begun book seven, I'll count Half-Blood Prince as my favorite in this series thus far.  I figured that I would wait until I've finished the entire series and do a review on the series as a whole, but Rowling truly outdid herself with this volume, so I thought I'd put in my two cents.<br/><br/>When book 7 came out a couple months back, I decided I needed to catch up, having only read up to book 3 (and I didn't want to take the easy route and just go by the movies, which are good, but not to be replacements for Rowling's fine prose.)  I gobbled up book 4, which was amazing.  Order of the Phoenix, while a good book, took me a bit longer to trudge through, and not just because of its sheer immensity.  It seemed to be on a bit of an off-note in comparison to the other Potter books.  Dolores Umbridge was a horrendously annoying character, and while she may have been essential to the story, she seemed to be in every other scene and her constant nagging of every single character really started to get on my nerves.  Book 5 had plenty of action and detail into the wizarding world, but the "fun" -at least in some ways- seemed to be sucked out of it.<br/><br/>"Prince" gives the series the shock to the heart that it needed, bringing the fun back while managing to still get progressively darker.  I found to my delight that this book has some seriously twisted stuff.  There were times reading "Prince" that I began to wonder at how young kids must react to some of the goings-on here.  I won't give much away, but we have elements such as Harry trying out a spell that turns out to be borderline mutilation, animated corpses that George Romero would envy, and as most have surely had spoiled for them, the death of a very major character.  The latter, while I indeed had spoiled for me beforehand, still came as quite a shock and the child in me found myself in denial that it even happened.  Her unpredictability in killing off essential characters makes her writing suspenseful in a way that I haven't found in fantasy since George R.R. Martin (sorry kids, he's an author for adults only.  At least wait until high school for him.)<br/><br/>We also have a subject new to this book: Horcruxes.  Bravo, Rowling; this is brilliant.  Not only do Horcruxes explain a good deal about past books and prove yet again that she has her material planned well in advance, but it is a genius plot device.  Harry and Dumbledore's investigations into this subject provide a very entertaining plot thread.<br/><br/>So, for anyone like me whose faith in the Potter series might have waned a little with book 5, Half-Blood Prince is well worth the wait.  It brings back the mystery and wonder of the series that we found all the way back to the first book.  While I haven't finished the series yet, I do believe that Rowling has earned herself a place next to CS Lewis and even J.R.R. Tolkien in creating a series that will be timeless for generations, that both children can love and perhaps adults can love even more.
 In the summer of 2005, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince was released.  Who was the Half-Blood Prince?  Why is Severus Snape hanging out with Death Eaters in Chapter 1?  Yet Dumbledore trusts him explicitly.  Why is that?<br/><br/>There was much controversy when this book was published.  As I recall, the author wanted the text to be secret (understandably) yet there were reviews, as from the New York Times and other publications that ruined it for many readers.<br/><br/>Well, I won't do that to you.  Assuming you're one of the few who haven't read the book yet!<br/><br/>The book centers around Harry Potter of course, using his Invisibility Cloak and the Marauder's Map to track Malfoy, who's been up to something.<br/><br/>Being a sixth year student, he learns how to Apparate (appear in other places) and gets to be the captain of the Quidditch team.  He also falls in love but refrains from "snogging" as his 'best mate" Ron is doing.  Fun teenage hijinx without the maudlin text of a Twilight Meyers novel.<br/><br/>We again visit the Pensieve memory vat, explore He Who Must Not Be Named's childhood as Tom Riddle, who his parents were and what a Horcrux is.<br/><br/>Dumbledore tells Harry the main power he has that Voldemort does not have is his capacity to love, though Harry considers this just outright silly.<br/><br/>We meet zombies floating in a lake, ditzy Trelawney, werewolves and a new Ministry of Magic minister who wants Harry to be their poster child!<br/><br/>It's a darker novel, murder and blood, much more so than in the last novel.  This book sold more than any other Harry Potter book up to 2005 at nine million copies in 24 hours!<br/><br/>See the Wiki article for the plot, but be warned, it contains immense Spoilers!<br/><br/>Until Moaning Myrtle leaves the girls' room, Make Mine Hogwarts!
 First of all I am ashamed to say I have not read all the Potter books. I am victim of the film versions which are all excellent, and then got lazy and did not read the books. So...I can't qualify as a Potter purist like my daughter who got each and every one the day they came out and read them immediately.<br/><br/>But the Half Blood Prince movie was my favorite so far, maybe because the characters are growing up and becoming more adult and complicated. So I read the book afterwards and quite simply loved it.<br/><br/>You either like this kind of stuff or you don't so I am not going to go into a lot of detail, plus I am not a Harry Potter authority. But here is my point. If you have been skipping the books or not reading them completely which I know some people do, and see the movie instead, this is one book to read. There is a lot of stuff here which is left out of the movie (necessarily, because otherwise the movie would be about 3 1/2 hours long).<br/><br/>This brings up an interesting debate, which I had with my daughter who by the way is an adult reader not a 10 year old...should they have broken the longer books down into more than one movie, like they are doing with Deathly Hallows by the way. I think yes, they could have made two movies out of this book as well as book 5 in my opinion and filmed both movies at the same time, like the did for example with Back to the Future II and III.<br/><br/>This is not to disparage the film adaptation but you need to read the book...I have not read Deathly Hallows yet because once I do that's it...I hear it is great.
 Harry Potter, as it were, is a series best described by having its "up and downs."  If J.K. Rowling can be praised for anything, it's that she is capable of bringing along her audience into the exact same mood as Harry's in, which overall makes us relate, and then care about the adventures contained therein.<br/><br/>Still, I found the previous two books, The Cauldron of Fire and The Order of Phoenix, to be relatively lacking as compared to what had been previously set into motion with my since-favorite part of the series, The Prisoner of Azkaban.  The only thing that held my interest, in fact, through the next too books was the slowly steadying grip of darkness that I was proud a public-considered "Children's" author didn't hesitate to include.  However, with the death of Sirius Black in the previous book, and the ever-deepening feeling of a sort of repeated structure to all the books, I feared the last two upcoming books in the series would not be worth the time.<br/><br/>However, J.K. Rowling has changed a few things about her style in this new addition, and overall I'm pleased.  First of all, Harry no longer seems innocent, and doesn't waste time being amazed by the new world around him.  Rowling has also included a new sort of political allegory to her series which really helps strengthen her world and makes the book interesting and significant.  And finally, the audience is introduced to Lord Voldemort in a much better and illustrative way, changing him from a shadow largely too abstract to a more concrete reality: a man with a history, and a history that matters to know.  These additions change enough of the structure to make the book fresh, and overall, more intimate... which also causes it to be darker, as a lot of readers have now seen.<br/><br/>Also, the end of the book holds a lot more promise than the previous books.  In all the previous books, Harry goes back to the Dursleys and it's to be the next year starting all over again.  With the ending of this book, the uncertainty is such that no longer do we depend on the same return to beginning that we've had in all the previous books (a situation that largely was starting to make me feel the series was getting tedious).  Now, the next book can take us anywhere... and since it's to be the last, it's all the more exciting for the new ground that's been opened up to cover.<br/><br/>Overall, I'm very happy with the widening world this book begins to touch on, and promises to explore.  For once I feel enthusiastic about the next book in the series.  Finally, I'm glad to have realized that now I actually have to debate with myself what's the best book in the series... this, or my long-term champion, Prisoner.  The debate won't be satisfied until the end of the series.<br/><br/>--PolarisDiB
 It is Year 6 for Harry Potter at Hogwarts.  At the beginning of this book he will learn the results of his O.W.L. (Ordinary Wizarding Level) exams, which will determine what courses he can take in his last two years.  Of course, his schoolwork is the least of his worries as the return of "He Who Must Not Be Named" has the wizarding world quaking in fear, not to mention the fact that Harry has been named Captain of his house's Quidditch team.<br/><br/>As we come to expect from Rowling, she expands and deepens the universe she's created.  Her greatest invention of this book is the "Horacrux" - without giving away any plot points, it is the key to understanding and defeating Voldemort.  As Harry and Prof. Dumbledore piece together the clues they need to start taking the battle to Voldemort, Harry also gathers information about a plot he suspects is being hatched by fellow student Draco Malfoy, whose father has already been sent to Azkaban Prison for attacking Harry at the end of Book 5.  There are, of course, many other subplots, as Ron finally finds a girlfriend (much to the irritation of Hermione), Harry forgets about Cho Chang and instead fixes his affection on another, and Hagrid mourns the loss of the Queen of the Spiders (who once ordered that Harry and Ron be eaten by her minions).<br/><br/>I, for one, was a little disappointed in Book 5, in which Harry was simply not likeable - he brooded and sulked his way through the book, abusing Cho and his Griffindor friends alike.  Year 6 Harry is back to his old self - sure he's frustrated that no one believes the "evidence" he's gathered implicating Malfoy and Prof. Snape in nefariousness, but life is otherwise pretty good for our hero.  Many reviewers have commented on how much darker this book is than previous books, but that is untrue.  Book 5 is much darker - Harry doesn't have to torture himself in this book, for example.  Finally, the suspense is kept at a high level throughout the book, especially after learning in Book 5 that Rowling is not afraid to kill off an important character.  Who will be next?<br/><br/>For my money, Book 4 (Goblet of Fire) is still the best of the series.  However, The Half-Blood Prince is a close second, and a great read.
 This is a phenomenal series!  This is definitely up there as one of my all time favorites!  The characters throughout the series are lovable, and it is so much fun to see them grow over the course of seven books.  The world-building is some of the best that I have ever read; the readers can absolutely get the feel of the school grounds and the wizarding world.  The writing is also amazing!  I love how JK Rowling develops this story into a darker, more intense plot toward the last few books while still keeping a fun atmosphere to the story!  Definitely recommend reading this series, or re-reading like me!<br/><br/>For a more in-depth review on each individual book and movie, check out my book blog, A Nook of Blankets and Books!<br/>http://anookofblanketsandbooks.blogspot.com/2014/09/harry-potter-series-review.html
 When we last left Harry and company, Harry was still in shock at the death of his beloved godfather and guardian, Sirius Black. The wizarding world was just coming to the understanding that Harry Potter wasn't nuts for the past year and that Lord Voldemort was alive and Harry was dreading returning to his aunt and uncle's for the summer.<br/><br/>In the first few books in the series, not much time was spent discussing Harry's summers. Only the interesting details were included. Now, in the second-to-last book, Harry's summer takes up about a fourth of the entire novel, HARRY POTTER AND THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE. The book begins almost immediately where HARRY POTTER AND THE ORDER OF THE PHONEIX left off. Harry returns to Hogwarts under more security and admiration than ever before. Word has leaked out about Harry and his companions faced off against the Deatheaters and Lord Voldemort at the Ministry of Magic and survived. Harry's legendary status has increased a hundred-fold as a result. Everyone, including Harry, believes he is the Chosen One. Things at Hogwarts are more of the same as usual, though there are some changes. Snape is teaching Defense of the Dark Arts as a new professor takes over potions. Harry is allowed to take the advanced potions class and thanks to a mysterious old text book belonging to someone who called himself the "half-blood prince", Harry becomes the star Potions pupil. Harry is also the Captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team and is taking private lessons under the tutelage of Dumbledore. Ron and Hermione become a couple and Harry realizes that he loves Ginny Weasley. Meanwhile, in other parts of the wizard world, Voldemort hatches the next level of his plan for domination without making an appearance. Instead, his favored Deatheaters do his bidding for him. Oh, and someone important dies.<br/><br/>I really enjoyed reading HARRY POTTER AND THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE. I found ORDER OF THE PHOENIX to be a bit of a letdown because so much of the book revolved around the politics of the wizard world. Sirius' death seemed like a cop-out and still doesn't make any sense (a black curtain that kills someone without leaving a corpse-that just doesn't jibe) to me. I understand why he had to leave the picture, but his departure seemed forced. Of course, there's another death in HALF-BLOOD PRINCE. To me, this one didn't seem as unnatural. The person died in battle, betrayed at the hands of one who was trusted. This has happened to good men throughout history. It is the danger that all good people risk--if you have faith and trust in someone (and agape) then there's always the possibility that you will be crucified. I also felt that this book had more action than the ORDER OF THE PHOENIX.<br/><br/>The novel is easy to read and moves at a quick pace (I read it in about two nights). It's very hard to put down. However, the story isn't perfect. There are a lot of things that seemed rush and added solely for dramatic purposes. For example, there are the Inferi--dead people under the control of black magic who for all intents and purposes are like zombies. I might be mistaken, but I don't think the Inferi have ever been mentioned before until THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE. If they are such a threat and were such a big part of Voldemort's evil army, then why were they never mentioned before? In the five and a half years that Harry spent at Hogwarts and being educated as a wizard, the creatures should have been mentioned before, even if it was just in passing. There are several other instances of minor issues like this in the book that though not entirely important are big enough to upset the general flow of the novel. The first three books in the series were incredibly tight with very few oversights such as these. It's a bit disappointing to see them cropping up as the saga reaches the edge of conclusion.<br/><br/>Nevertheless, I still enjoyed HARRY POTTER AND THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE. It's a very engaging tale that moves at a faster pace and includes more action than the ORDER OF THE PHOENIX.<br/><br/>The novel ends at a crossroads with many, many, many loose ends and I'm excited to see how everything will come together in the last book. That book is going to have to be enormous to complete the story successfully. It is the calm before the storm.
 Like many of the reviewers, I got up at 3am to go get this book because there was a fabulous sale at my local grocery store and I was scared if I waited until 8am or 9am there might not be any copies left. I actually need not have worried about that, but let's get on with the story...<br/><br/>This is by far the most emotionally heart-wrenching book of the series. I remember reading the Order of the Phoenix and wondering why and how could Rowling have done what she'd done. I figured there must be a point to it, but I was honestly a bit heartbroken and frustrated (as was Harry at the end of the book).<br/><br/>There is no grace at the end of The Half Blood Prince. You come away with the feeling that things can only get worse for Harry and you wonder where the hope is for this boy who has had the hardest life imaginable and who now must face the worst evil of his time.<br/><br/>I say this not to scare you away from reading the book, but to let you know that the book is leading you to the final standoff between Harry and Voldemort and that the next book is not likely to be kind to either of them.<br/><br/>The joy of The Half-Blood Prince is that the first 2/3 of the book is wonderful. We finally see the romance of Ron and Hermoine picking up again (Rowling had completely dropped it into the abyss during the Order of the Phoenix). While the future for them is still unclear, you have a feeling of hope and fun which is a great relief after the pain endured during the last book.<br/><br/>You also get a second love interest for Harry. It brings a new sense of joy and frustration for him as he fights with his feelings for this girl while dealing with his usual stuff. This romance was a highlight of the book for me (and also quite timely given Harry's history), but it was also quite sad because you come away with the feeling at the end of this book that whatever happens in the last book of the series, Harry has nothing to hold onto. Nothing but his own grit, determination, and ingenuity will save him.<br/><br/>The only thing about this book is that it leaves you with a cliff-hanger unlike any that we have seen in the first 5 books. Nothing is the same, not even the school that Harry loves so much. So where can the next book possibly go if the rules have changed? What hope does Harry have to face Voldemort?<br/><br/>This book strengthens Harry, but it does so through painful experience. This is NOT a lighthearted book. Gone is the innocent wizarding world of book one. There is very little trace of it here. I would not recommend a child under 13 reading it because the themes are emotional and complex. If you have children reading it, please read it with them and be there to talk about it with them, because they will need it!!
 In the long-awaited _Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince_,  Harry and Co. return to Hogwarts for their sixth year in the midst of growing threats from Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters (the threat is so severe, in fact, that the new Minister of Magic meets with the Muggle P.M. to discuss it).  On the way there, they discover that Draco Malfoy is up to something especially bad--a discovery that takes Harry well past the point of obsession, trying to discover what it is.  At Hogwarts, Harry commences a series of private studies with Dumbledore, over the course of which they explore Lord Voldemort's past in the hopes of finding a weakness.  Eventually, these two stories converge as Dumbledore and Harry seek out a source of Lord Voldemort's power just as Draco's purpose becomes clear.<br/><br/>I've noticed from other reviews here that people have seemed to really like this book or really dislike it.  I'm, obviously, one of the former, but I can understand why others might be less than  thrilled.  HBP is a much different animal from the previous books in the series.  Most noticeable, there is FAR less action.  HBP is a very introspective book.  In exploring Voldemort's past, we come to learn not only his weaknesses, but the events in his life that have made him what he is.<br/><br/>Many of the standard devices of the series are still in place.  The bulk of the book takes place at Hogwarts, where Harry and his friends have embarked on their N.E.W.T. level classes.  As we have come to expect, there is a new teacher, conflicts and alliances with other students, and Quidditch.  But Hogwarts exists merely as a framework;  the school year is not dealt with in as much detail.  This seems fitting as Harry, who has matured considerably from book five, is less concerned with preparing himself for an adult life that he might never see and more concerned with his prophesied final confrontation with Voldemort.<br/><br/>A couple of themes are at play here.  The first, which J.K. Rowling has mentioned several times, is the choice between what is right and what is easy.  Early in the book, Harry discovers an item that seems at first to make his life much easier.  Despite the fact that this item leads to darker and darker places, he insists that it's harmless and refuses to give it up.  Only too late does he understand that his choice has dire consequences.  The second is the question of blind trust.  All too often, characters put too much trust in others who practice very questionable behavior, or in their own powers, because re-evaluating the situation would shake up their world view too much and present difficult choices.  This also has dire consequences in the end.<br/><br/>HBP sets us up for a seventh book that is bound to be markedly different.  Harry, now virtually a adult, has accepted responsibility for the task before him.  He is more self-directed and no longer willing--perhaps he's even unable--either to hide behind others or let them call the shots.  He has a specific goal in mind and the determination to see it through.  I'm thinking book seven is going to have to be huge for Rowling to accomplish everything she needs to in bringing this remarkable story to its conclusion.  I look forward to it with great anticipation.
 There's 3000 reviews here, but all that I saw where for the book, not the audio book.  Perhaps this review will just get lost amid all those, but for what it's worth this is a review of the audio book by Jim Dale.<br/><br/>I'm a adult fan of the HP books and got the Audio CD set of book six to play in the car during trips, or to play around the house while working.  I enjoy the books and this version is the only audio book choice, so if you want that format, go ahead and get it.  But for what it's worth I found Mr. Dale's reading style very stuffy.  True, I'm a Yank and the reader is appropriately Brit, so maybe I just don't have the ear for this, but Harry and his friends are kids.  They say things like "I'm such an idiot!"  When Dale reads this sort of dialog as if it's Hamlet, the HP kids don't sound the correct age, or even like they live in the 20/21st century.<br/><br/>Some of his character voices are highly amusing.  Luna Lovegood's voice is so loopy that you can easily understand why her fellow students call her "Loony."  However - and this is a huge problem to me - Dumbledore sounds so feeble he belongs in a rest-home for the aged.  Dale's interpretation of Dumbledore's voice makes it difficult not to think of him as senile.  It makes the character's legendary powers of perception and his strenuous adventure at the cave difficult to believe.<br/><br/>This is nit-picking, but I had problems with a couple of name pronunciations as well.  Dale pronounces Scrimgeour as "Scrimjaw" but perhaps the name is different in the American version of the book - I don't know.  Or maybe I just don't know the proper English pronunciation of "geour."  LOL<br/><br/>Anyway, this CD is the only choice for the sight impared or those who want to listen while they do other activities, so you'll get it anyway.  However, I thought the overall interpretation of the material rather dry and formal.  But that's from a Californian, not a Londoner.
 Forgive me if I do not give much plot summary.  I don't want to give anything away.<br/><br/>The Sixth installment of Rowling's wizarding series opens up with two prologue-type chapters that will blow Potter fans away, particularly the second chapter.  The pace and intrigue thus set from the beginning, the Sixth Year at Hogwarts is filled with twists and turns and surprises, some of which we had always sort of suspected.<br/><br/>Harry begins his sixth year by trying to put the horrible death of Sirius behind him and come to face the prophecy given at the end of the last school year.  We meet in this installment the most matured and confident Harry yet (he is,after all 16).  In fact, all of the main characters, nearing the end of their seven-year run at the wizarding school, are much less the children they once were.  They have love interests, infatuation, break-ups, "snogging" (British term for making out) jealousies, and ambitions.  One wonders how the nine through twelve-year olds will take all of this budding adulthood. They even fret over the wizarding world's equivalent of driving lessons: apparition lessons, licenses for which may be given only after one has turned seventeen.<br/><br/>Another reason to question the 9-12 set: There is blood aplenty, as well as floating corpses in a very scary scene. There is one scene in which a character is sliced open, causing blood to come pouring out, very vividly described by Rowling.  Attention Movie Moguls: Good Luck getting a PG rating on this one.<br/><br/>All in all, it's a fantastically mature book that proves Rowling had much of this planned out way before she finished number one.  With each book, it becomes increasingly obvious that this series could have worked well as one complete book.  Additional warning: books six and seven tie together more than any other books in the series.  Translation: diehard fans will be awaiting the last book more than any other in the series.
 Look, I know full well that this review will likely never be seen by anyone ever due to how many of these are on this site, so I'm not going to be saying anything controversial just to get noticed. I am only going to say one thing, just because I want to put it out there: this book made me cry.<br/><br/>I'm sure you can figure out where it did, but for those who can't, let me set up the scene: Harry is paralyzed and helpless to assist Dumbledore, who is disarmed and looking down several Death eaters, when Snape arrives. Snape, the wild card character in this whole series, the guy you never knew where his loyalty really lied, pointed his wand at Dumbledore and killed him, his body flying down to the ground below.<br/><br/>When I read this scene in the book, I had to put it down. I sat there on my bed for almost ten minutes, shoulders shaking, with tears positively streaming down my face at the thought that Dumbledore, one of my favorite characters in any form of fiction, had just died. Even when I resumed reading, my book is still slightly stainded in those final chapters with the stray teardrop. Two things to note: I am a guy and was eighteen when I read this book. For Rowling to be able to evoke such an emotional reaction in my is truly a testament to supreme writing ability.<br/><br/>So heres to you, JK Rowling. You made me a fan for life. I am getting The Casual Vacancy as soon as it comes out.
 As the 6th book in a series of seven, this is a solid addition.  A lot of the book was fairly predictable - not in a bad way, just consistent behavior on the part of well established characters.  The surprises were mostly foreshadowed, but still shocking enough to carry the action along.  I would have liked to have seen more of some characters (including Neville &amp; Snape) but was pleased overall.  Harry is more mature in this one, and is starting to make wiser decisions.  Not to say he's making the best decisions, but they are getting better - not so much appears to be left to luck.  And as disappointed as I was with the very end of the book, I have to believe that Harry thought he was doing the right thing.  And thanks to JKR's careful development of her characters - I was pretty sure that was what was going to happen.<br/><br/>The supporting characters are developing as individuals versus the lightly fleshed "types" aka - klutz, snob, dope, bitter, etc.  I loved watching the characters discover things that readers have know for ages (eg: Ron &amp; Hermione - like we didn't all see that coming) which, despite everyone saying "how could they not see that?!?" happens all the time.<br/><br/>I'm a grown-up (33) with kids, I started reading these books right after 3 came out, and I have to say that my favorite so far has been the first one.  I definitely could have lived without the bazillion pages of book 5 (ok, he's angst-ing, he's a teen - move ON, eh?) and was hoping that this book would be at least marginally better than that - to restore my hope in this series.  Turns out I shouldn't have worried - this book is almost as good as the first one.  The only reason I couldn't give it five stars is that at some point it stops reading as a great stand alone (all series books should be able to be read as a stand alone) and starts reading as a prequel to book 7.  I bought the book at the midnight sale, and had finished it by 6PM on the 16th.  (And I even slept, went out to lunch with my mother-in-law, and played with my youngest son)  This book is a quick read if you are a fan, with slightly challenging language - just enough to keep your mind occupied.  It is very much a comfort book, except for the tragic death (yeah, well - I was reading it and I cried) I can heartily recommend it.  I feel it is a welcome addition to the HP series.
 The Half-Blood Prince carries Harry Potter through another year of school, one in which the mood is darker and more hopeless than ever. The book is tense with plenty of devastation and far fewer bright spots than earlier books in the series.<br/><br/>In Half-Blood Prince, Harry and friends get their O.W.L. test results and resume advanced studies, social activities and of course Quidditch. But schoolwork is tougher than ever, puppy love leads to complications amongst friends, and Quidditch, well, Harry may be team captain, but he's never seemed less interested in fun and games.<br/><br/>The book moves along at a nice pace, something Rowling is very good at. But she spends a lot of time revealing history and answering questions. It seems very much like Part I of a two-part finale. It was disheartening to see how clearly the book has turned toward an inevitable conclusion. The reader is no longer being introduced to the wonders of magic on each and every page. No, now we see more of the pitfalls and dangers. We see Tonks, suffering depression, losing her ability to make her hair bright pink. We see Dumbledore's injured and untreatable hand. We see friends turn against one another, and painful and tragic betrayal amongst other main characters.<br/><br/>This would not be the book to read first if a reader has not enjoyed all the other Potter novels. It's dark and moody and although sad, the ending is wonderful, a great set up for the last book.<br/><br/>It's clear Rowling has something big in store for the reader. In many ways, I wish I could have waited until the last book was ready before reading this piece of the puzzle. Because as entertaining and enlightening as Half-Blood Prince is, it seems to me to set the stage for the inevitable ending to the saga. A little intermezzo, if you will, until we get the big, final bang.
 The wizarding world is at war.  Lord Voldemort, once again risen to power and surrounded by his faithful Death Eaters, is wreaking havoc and causing a world of problems for The Order of the Phoenix.  Things are so bad, in fact, that the Minister of Magic must visit the Muggle Prime Minister to warn him of impending danger...<br/><br/>And so begins the long-awaited sixth installment of J.K. Rowling's well-loved series, HARRY POTTER AND THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE.  I'm not going to go into a lot of plot summary, because this is a book that you'll enjoy most if you are able to be surprised.  But here are a few things to be prepared for as Harry Potter and his friends enter their sixth year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry:  burgeoning romantic relationships; a new professor; an infuriating traitor; a mysterious textbook belonging to the "Half-Blood Prince" that makes Harry a whiz at Potions, much to Hermione's chagrin; more insight into Tom Riddle's past; and yes, the rumors are true...a shocking death that brought tears to this reader's eyes.<br/><br/>THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE is a worthy addition to the Harry Potter series, and perhaps Rowling's most important tome to date.  In this offering, Harry and his friends have begun to grow up and face increasingly adult situations...This isn't children's literature anymore.  The books have grown progressively darker as the series continues, and THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE is the most sinister to date.  It is in this pivotal novel that Harry begins to study his enemy and finally realizes what he must do--and becomes determined to do it.  More than just a story about witches and wizards, this installment is a tribute to friendship, loyalty, bravery, the choices we make and the actions we take, and the consequences we must accept.  While not as vivid as THE GOBLET OF FIRE or as sprawling and intricate as THE ORDER OF THE PHOENIX, HARRY POTTER AND THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE touched me on a profound level, and it's the only novel in the series that's made me cry.  There's only one thing I resent:  the fact that I'll have to wait another two years for the conclusion of the series.  I don't know if I can stand the anticipation!
 Most likely if you're here and reading this you might be thinking something like: "Is this Harry Potter thing all a big conspiracy to promote toys in Burger King kid's meals?", "Why are kid's books being reviewed obsessively by adults? Don't they have any self respect?", and "It's all just a big hype isn't it?".<br/><br/>The answer is yes. And no. Yes there has been a lot of shameless marketing that centers itself on the Harry Potter universe. The movies have far outhyped the books, causing them to lose some of that precious and rarely found magic along the way. It's easy to lose track of the fact that these books were solid long before the media realized what a goldmine it had stumbled onto.<br/><br/>This book however, like all of it's companions, is worth your time. Even if you're an adult, or rather, especially if you're an adult. Kids have active imaginations by nature, but as a person ages the possibility for that sort of magic fades into a latent quality. In these books you're given the chance to borrow it back and see the world through whole new eyes. No wonder adults love them so much!<br/><br/>The sixth book is well written and edited, and will make any fan of the series gasp, laugh and quite possibly cry. Really to give any of the plot away would be a shame as it's a fast read. Once you start it's quite difficult to put down.<br/><br/>Rowling's brilliance is very easy to define. It's not in her amazing imagination, her clever way of making even the smallest of details tie into the increasingly complex knot, or her classic and beautiful good vs. evil plot. It's in her characters where her strength really shines. You can't help but care about what happens to them because, over the course of reading, they become your friends.<br/><br/>A note to parents however, despite the kid friendliness of some of the other books in this series, this one is very dark and intense. Some kids may not have a problem with the material it covers, while others very likely could. I'd rate it at about PG13, and would recommend that younger, more sensitive readers should read it with a parent instead of alone.
 While reading the latest Harry Potter Book, "The Half Blood Prince" I kept getting that nasty feeling of De ja vu. By the end of the book it seemed clear, "The Half Blood Prince" is a book that is in transition. Now before you reach for "This Review was Not Helpful" button allow me to explain my views.<br/><br/>The plot of book 6 centers around a mysterious potion book by a mysterious author that Harry and company try to deduce the identity to. All the while people within Hogwarts are being attacked by dark curses. The plot to book 2, "The Chamber of Secrets" centers around a mysterious diary by a mysterious author that Harry and company try to deduce the identity to. All the while people within Hogwarts are being attacked by a dark curse. In book 5, it ends with the death of a popular character. In book 6, it ends with the death of a popular character. The good news is that J.K. Rowling's writing still flows with imagination.  In fact most of the book seems like a look back at books 1 through 6 as we're introduced (all be it sometimes briefly) to nearly every past character that Rowling has created. It's as if Rowling is reminding us of all that has happened and who is important for the seventh and finale book.<br/><br/>I do and have always enjoyed the development of Harry. In book six he is more mature, a little wiser, and finally gets a girlfriend. Though he is still making some oblivious mistakes that maybe he should of grown out of a year or two ago.<br/><br/>SPOILER:<br/>The ending makes the book sing but still leaves many questions unanswered. Is Snape really evil, I doubt it. Is Dumbledore really dead, I don't think so. And if I'm right, is book seven going to end up being too predictable?<br/>SPOLIER OVER:<br/><br/>As an individual book, the story falls short and deserves 3 stars. However, as part of this series, it works quite well and deserves 4 stars. The average of the score falls somewhere in between. So let the negative reviews of this review begin...now.
 Yet again, J K Rowling manages to deliver a wonderful piece of writing about the famous Harry Potter.  It's odd how large a sensation this book has made; when I picked up my copy on the 16th around noon, I only saw one person purchase a book without buying Harry Potter as well, and almost all of the people perusing had a copy tucked in their arms.  Quite a phenomenon.<br/><br/>When I first began reading Harry Potter I was ten, so I rather like to think I more or less have grown up with him and his friends.  The world that Rowling has written has grown up as well, becoming more in depth, more dark, more rich with every book.  Yet it is the darkness that gets me, for it seems with each passing book Rowling grows more vindictive in her writing, as if she is attempting to prove a point by making the novels more and more hopeless.<br/><br/>The sixth book does not disappoint as it continues Harry's story.  It maintains the realities of teenage life: boyfriends/girlfriends; schoolwork; exam grades; apparation tests, akin to driver's licenses.  This gives the book a wholeness that makes it believable.  Meantime, however, it gets more grim as it depicts this stark world that has been created with the rise of the Dark Lord.<br/><br/>It's worth the read and the price, but it hurts the heart to read it, and almost shatters one's faith in humanity.  I do not know if it is a suitable book for younger children, which is a disappointment.  I, at 17, could not sleep after I read it, though this was more over an internal conflict as I struggled to cope with the story rather than the fact that the novel produced horrific nightmares.  It wasn't graphic, it was merely very heavy.<br/><br/>It makes one wonder where the rest of the series is supposed to go, or even if it will go anymore.  Rowling finished the novel in such a way it is likely that she could put her pen away and release herself from this bondage of writing for us.  I hope she does not, however, because she needs to brighten this beloved world that she darkened so terribly.
 Hi Harry Potter readers,<br/><br/>Like many of you, I am a big fan of the magical world that JK Rowling has brought to us avid readers. The series progressed to darker &amp; more difficult literary terrain, culminating in the powerful, yet painful at times, read - Deathly Hallows. I loved that book and it was a great &amp; surprising in some aspects, end to an amazing series. However, Half Blood Prince remains my favorite of the series. It became darker and the stakes grew higher, yet, there were many moments throughout the first two thirds/three quarters of the story that allowed us to just enjoy the world of Harry Potter &amp; his friends at Hogwarts. I found the mystery laced throughout the story of the Half-Blood Prince to be my favorite aspect of the story. It was well-peppered throughout the story, leaving the reader wondering where just where we were being taken - and with all of the books in this series, it provided added depth &amp; complexity to the story and its characters, while at times making us root &amp; cheer and at other times, be shocked &amp; horrified by some of the dark turns.<br/><br/>This book was a truly fine balance of carefree, fun, hopeful, mysterious, and frightening aspects, that left me, the reader, immensely satisfied. As much as JK Rowling has placed us in a magical world like no other, I still relate to the human struggles, foibles, and natural curiosity of its characters. The journeys the characters take, on a deep level are true to life and I for one, feel enriched by having taken this journey along with them.<br/><br/>Rai Aren
 ***Warning: Spoilers***<br/><br/>Okay, first the good points:<br/><br/>-The book is an excellent plot setup to book 7.  The stepping stones are clearly laid out and we can see easily where things will go from here (and probably even guess the ending).  The insights into Voldemort's past are paced nicely and well-written, and by getting information at the same time as Harry, the reader has a sense of participating in putting the clues together.<br/><br/>-Harry is more mature here, it's nice to see him step into his role as hero and act responsibly and courageously (although it doesn't feel as "real" as his ego-angst in OOTP).<br/><br/>-The "shocking" ending was pretty much what I'd guessed it would be, and sad as it was, it makes sense in the context of the series and everything leading up to it.  Harry is the classic pupil who has outgrown his master, and it's time for him to step up and fulfill his destiny in book 7.<br/><br/>Now, the not-so-good points:<br/><br/>-The teenage romance was treated in a sort of silly way, which was disapponting given how honestly Rowling wrote about teenagers in previous installments.  Hermione in particular was particularly grating in this book, which is disappointing since I liked her character so much in the past.<br/><br/>-Chapter 2 was set up as a shock right at the start of the book.  (I'm discounting chapter 1 because, to be honest, it didn't belong in the book - it had nothing to do with anything).  That shock was designed to make us question the assumptions we'd built up in the previous 5 books, and was cleverly done beacuse it still left us guessing ("Is he really?  Or are we being taken for a ride yet again?)  Then, 500 pages of filler before the second "shock" right at the end.  I'm afraid this installment's plot was more about setting up book 7 than about being an excellent book 6 within itself, and I fear that this will turn into kind of a literary version of the "Sixth Sense" - good on the first read, but kind of pointless to re-read once you know the end.<br/><br/>-Everyone's saying the book is "darker" than previous installments.  I disagree.  OOTP was much darker overall, both in terms of plot and in terms of tone.  This one actually had a very light tone and a lot of fun moments, and many of the character concerns were fairly mundane considering the entire wizarding world is at war.  I simply didn't feel the darkness here as I felt I should have.<br/><br/>Reviewing this book is sort of a futile exercise, as fans of the series will read it regardless.  It's a logical next step.  I just wonder if Rowling has lost some of her edge, or if she's just saving the big punches for book 7.  I guess we'll have to see.<br/><br/>If I had to rank the books in the series so far, I'd say the order would be:<br/><br/>1. Book 3 (Prisoner of Azkaban) - the most taut and least contrived plot, heartfelt revelations about Harry's past and love for his parents, introduction of the best characters including Sirius and Lupin, darker than the previous two but really showing Harry and his friends taking on true challenges.<br/><br/>2. Book 5 (Order of the Phoenix) - though criticized for being too long, this is probably the most "honest" book of the series; Harry is acting spoiled and selfish but we can understand why and feel his loneliness and helplessness; he's fighting battles on all fronts - against the enemy he knows is out there, and against the authorities seemingly determined to cover it up.  And he's caught between being too young to participate fully and too old to avoid participating.  The parallels to actual events are difficult to avoid drawing, and the tone is overall much darker than any of the other books in the series.<br/><br/>3. Book 1 (Philosopher's Stone) - lighter and fluffier, to be sure, and the only true "children's book" of the series - but book 1 is the introduction to the series and sets up Harry's magical world, and as such, this is the most innovative one because it came first.  Much of the sense of magic and wonder about the series comes from this book.<br/><br/>4. Book 4 (Goblet of Fire) - has many memorable scenes and a true confrontation between Harry and Voldemort.  But the plot just seems too contrived and full of obvious holes.  It really took far too long to get to the point, and it seemed that the whole elaborate Goblet of Fire scheme was a pointless setup when anything could've served as a portkey as early as the first day of class.  The revelation about Moody also seemed contrived, as Rowling furiously backpedaled in the final chapter to try to explain away things that made no sense.  However, there were some adventurous and magical memorable scenes, and the introduction of a world beyond Hogwart's and England was a nice contextual addition.<br/><br/>5. Book 6 (Half-Blood Prince) - see review above.<br/><br/>6. Book 2 (Chamber of Secrets) - the first introduction of a "darker" theme in these books, compared to the fluffiness of book 1, fell a little flat when it was revealed that the danger was from a caricature-type creature better suited to a bad superhero movie.  It's a good thing Rowling redeemed the series with book 3 after this one.
 While the sixth Harry Potter book is a fun read consistent in quality with its five predecessors, it is also the most dissatisfying.  This has less to do with what happens in the book as what doesn't happen:  we don't get a real resolution.<br/><br/>As Book Six opens, Harry is mourning the loss of his godfather Sirius Black, Voldemort is beginning to strike more boldly at his adversaries and Severus Snape is making a promise to protect Draco Malfoy as Harry's adversary is recruited to do some malicious task for Voldemort's Death Eaters.  Dumbledore, a significant yet secondary character, finally emerges fully from the background as he begins to assist in Harry's education.<br/><br/>While a lot happens in this novel, it is not a "complete" book with a real conclusion.  Instead, this book seems to serve as an extended prologue to the seventh book; everything within seems to build toward that concluding volume, one which I would guess would be the longest in the set.  While nearly as good as the other books, there are times when Rowling is definitely off her game; in particular, the mystery of the Half-Blood Prince is rather anticlimactic when solved.<br/><br/>On the other hand, for those irritated with Harry's behavior in the previous book (wherein he often acts like a sullen teenager), we get an improved Harry in this volume, by no means perfect but generally more confident and mature.  However, while the other five books would rate five stars, I can only give this one four.  Consider this grade an "Incomplete"; when we see the final result next book, maybe this one will seem better as it fits into the entire saga.
 Harry Potter number 6 fits the series really well. It has the darkest Potter plot yet, but manages not to take itself too seriously. The plot is a great mix of epic and down-to-earth; readers get the big and magical as well as a lot of very ordinary events. The story is half about magical warfare and half about being sixteen, dealing with homework and navigating relationships.<br/><br/>One main pitfall: Although Ginny Weasley definitely rises to the occasion as a character, it feels like her character chemistry with Harry doesn't come through in the middle of the novel, whereas Ron, Hermione, Slughorn and even Malfoy all have very believable relationships with Harry.<br/><br/>Some key strengths: Every character has major flaws as well as strengths - even Dumbledore, who makes the frequent mistake not to communicate. It's also easy to care about the situations these characters are in, because although most readers haven't been hunted down by Voldemort, most readers HAVE dealt with friend problems or detention. The book is a great mix of scene and summary, giving time for a wonderful cast of characters, but fitting lots of plot in - it rarely if ever feels like reading time is wasted with this novel.
 So I expected a huge twist.  I really hoped that Snape would come out the underdog...made into a true three dimensional character (like in book 5 when Rowling attempts to humanize Snape's character).  Instead, he reverts back into the Snape we all hate from the first 4 books making the plot entirely predictable.  I knew who the half-blood prince was from the very beginning and then it turns out that Harry's theory about Malfoy and Snape was correct the entire time.  *yawn*...Give me more depth like was shown in the fifth book. That didn't bother me so much as what the ending revealed, which I won't say for those who haven't read the book.  I was hoping that Rowling would've expanded on the development of Snape's character from the fifth book but she took the easy route and decided to simplify good vs. evil plainly into black vs. white.  Also, parts in the book didn't flow and just killed the tone.  Such as in the last chapter which is supposed to be somber, relationships get brought up again which I thought were completely irrelevant to the plot to begin with (i.e. Tonks' sullen appearance, Bill and Fleur's marriage).  I understand this storyline is really setting up the plot for the last book, but it does not hold up on its own like the first five do.  Still an enjoyable read however.<br/><br/>April 28, 2009 Edit:  I just finished Book 7.  I will add another star for Book 6. Yes, like other reviewers have mentioned, Book 6 does not stand on its own. Book 6 is really part 1 of the ending, and book 7 is part 2.  I loved how the series ended and now in retrospect Book 6 deserves more credit.  After finishing I want to read the entire series all over again.
 As a faithful reader of the series, I feel that this book is a solid effort by Rowling to not only develop the mythology but to mature the story as it heads into the final installment. Of all the novels, this one seemed to read the most swiftly. I attribute this to the well thought out dialogue of the characters and the dedication of the author to a thorough narrative.<br/><br/>The most remarkable feature of this novel is in fact the interaction and development of the characters that we have watched from the first installment. If any of the novels in this series were to be branded the iconic 'coming of age book', I would have to say that Book 6 is the embodiment of that phrase. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince plays upon the relationship of Harry, Hermione, and Ron. Though they have had their spats in the past, this is the best exploration of their friendship with Harry and their friendship with each other.<br/><br/>Further character development is seen through the Professors at Hogwarts. Once again we are introduced to a new wizard on the scene but we learn of secrets and the validation of premonitions. Their protection of the students is very pronounced in this book because of the conditions of the wizarding world after Book 5 ended. Also because of the progression of the characters throught their training, there is added secondary character action.<br/><br/>Conflicts in this book stay mainly on the grounds of Hogwarts and among familiar characters contrasted to the action in Book 5. It may help readers to refamiliarize themselves with the closing chapters of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix to get into where this story picks up.<br/><br/>This is a well written and well paced book to continue the story line of the Potter myth. Readers will be pleased with the character growth but saddened by the loss at the conclusion of story. I recommend this book highly for any fan of the Potter series and I look forward the the final installment.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince was the slowest and most predictable in the series to date. Some of the characters we always suspected of being the "bad guys" show they are the "bad guys."  Humor was also decidedly lacking in this book. With Fred and George out in the "real world", comedy was virtually absent and that gives the book a horribly weighty feeling.<br/><br/>Humor was sought in romantic squabbles, with relationship rearrangments taking center stage. Rowling fails miserably with this-- with the Fleur-Ginny-Mrs. Weasly jokes running thin early on and the Lavender-Ron hook-up/break-up dragging on needlessly as well as the jealousies between characters getting over-written and over-played. The relationship configuration at the end of the book gave into predictability as well, rather than looking at issues of genuine compatibility and actual symbolic parallels between the children and the older generation.<br/><br/>The action in this book was confined to the last hundred pages. Harry's repeated failure to enter the Room of Requirement and several trips into the Pensieve to discover one truly important plot element were much to cerebral. The big battle scene at the end was too brief and without much detail. The book also ends with a feeling of helplessness amongst the adults in the Wizarding World with the death of a very important character shaking the staff at Hogwarts so profoundly that the school may close. In addition, no mention is made of the status of the Order of the Phoenix in the end, leaving us to assume that the Order is in disarray and hope has been lost by everybody but Harry, Ron, and Hermione-- who agree to carry on the fight as a team.<br/><br/>Basically, Rowling needed to add some element of surprise to the story, inject some real humor into it, and realize that her audience is reaching the age where they are not necessarily interested in who is snogging who and who should be. It would have been much more interesting to see an enemy come over to the "good side" and one of Harry's friends go over to the "dark side." While the Snape as a double-agent plot is believeable, Malfoy going bad was as predictable as snow in Buffalo in January.<br/><br/>Overall, the book reads quickly and it is well-written. It's not for young kids, however, due to several themes involving adultery, romantic trickery, suicide, and an excessive amount of "snogging." But it's not quite for adults either because it doesn't go far enough in those areas. Basically, it's too adult for kids under 10 and too childish for "kids of all ages."  It's at an awkward age-- like its target audience should be at this point. Compared to Order of the Phoenix, Half-Blood Prince did not grow very well with it's audience and, in some ways, it regressed to Chamber of Secrets level plot and character development. Half-Blood Price effectively moved the series along and set up the last book well-- providing Rowling has a lot of action/adventure and little cerebral subplot in store for us.  Lets hope the last book ends this saga with a big bang.
 When the Harry Potter series first came out I vowed I would not jump on the Harry-bandwagon and read these books with my son's. When my middle son was diagnosed with dyslexia, my stance changed to anything that would get him to read, I was willing to try.<br/><br/>After watching the movies, he fell in love with Harry and wanted to read. I was ecstatic and together we cuddled up on the couch and entered the amazing world of Hogwarts! The book draws you in from the very first page. You can't help but want to see what happens next. Each chapter introduces you to new characters, spells, intrigue, danger, and adventure. The story is non-stop action, a page-turner.  The worst part of the book, is getting to the last page. It is also the best as you know there are more books to come.<br/><br/>I now have a voracious reader in the house that is reading above grade level. I would recommend these to anyone who has a child who hates to read and needs something to hold their attention. I have recommended this book to hundreds of students who were once reluctant to read and now they can't put down books. My one problem is what to read after the series is completed.
 I'm not going to lie to you, I finished Half Blood Prince in one day. Started at 5 in the afternoon and finished around 11:30 at night. Maybe it was the boredom of nothing else to do, having finished Killer 7. Or movies, where I had nothing to watch. So I just started reading, and read some more. By the end of it, I kind of went "oh okay" and put it away. It was like 6 and a half hours and nothing really struck me. Still an engaging read though.<br/><br/>Year 6 starts with Harry at the Dursleys again only saddened by the death of his godfather Sirius. Pretty much typical stuff until Dumbledore shows up and takes Harry under his wing for a bit until Hogwarts starts. Harry finds out that Malfoy is a possible Death Eater, servant of Lord Voldemort. We also get into backstory on Voldemort before he became Voldemort.<br/><br/>At Hogwarts, it's pretty much 3 things that happen throughout the entire book: Harry's obsession with Malfoy's secret mission, his history lessons using the Pensieve with Dumbledore and Harry's book which contains shortcuts to potions which delights the new Potions teacher.<br/><br/>There's not a lot of really interesting things that happen, that is until the very end where we get a big battle scene and a major death. Having been spoiled by someone on who it is already, it didn't hit me that hard. Granted even in movies, deaths never do either. One interesting although somewhat pointless thing that happens is the kids start up some romance: with "Won-Won"'s dating of a Gryffindor girl and Harry's choosing of someone that personally, was a bit too sudden.<br/><br/>This book does what it was meant to do: set up Book 7, the last one. If you walk in and read with that frame of mind, you'll be fine. Some plot things and backstory are some good reads but they're not really engaging.
 I am a literary snob.  Yes, I hate to admit that, but I like to think I know more about and have better taste than most people when it comes to literature.  Most avid readers believe the same thing, and it's really just an igonorant conciet, but I really do love poo-poo-ing (how about that for vocabulary stretching) on the latest novel as not worthy of it's over the top editorial praise.  With that character flaw admitted let me talk about JK Rowling.  Brilliant, absolutely brilliant.<br/><br/>I bought the first book to read to my daughters a few years ago, once again believing that such books were beneath MY literary taste, but was duly impressed with it as children's literature.<br/><br/>As a family we enjoyed the second book even more than the first, and quickly moved on to the Prisoner of Azkaban, and something marvelous happened; JK Rowling got better.  Not just a little better or a complete change, but her style and confidence grew immensely, and tone of the books turned darker and more mature.  Not inaccessable for children, but themes more easily grasped by children who were the same age as Harry in the books.<br/><br/>As her style and ability has grown Ms. Rowling has evolved into one of the finest writers of her time, and though I am loathe to admit it in public I look forward to her Potter books more than any other published material.  Her plot lines, character developement and prose style are peerless.  I actually liken her to a more succint version of Umberto Eco, and that to me is the highest praise I can give.<br/><br/>I will be sorry to see Harry go, but I cannot wait to see what brilliance and genius Ms Rowling has in store for us post-Potter.
 Having just finished the book just minute before writing this i am finding it hard to put my words together to do this review justice.  One thing that needs to be said is...this book regardless of what others have said, has a great plot, great development, and has well set up the tale as we know it to finally conclude in the 7th book.<br/><br/>After being dissapointed with Harry's actions in Order of The Phoenix (Him acting alot like a brat) i find him much more like the Harry we found in the first four books, albeit he has more knowledge and now knows a great deal more about the evil lord voldemort.  It would seem the main cause of this would be the shock of Sirius's death, and the ever increasing attacks of the Death Eaters upon the populace of the wizarding and muggle communities.  Harry has become more aware of himself, and his future duty if being "The Chosen One" of which the prophesy has told.<br/><br/>In "The Half Blood Prince" you will find J.K.R. spins another tale of mystery around Hogwarts and who will be the next Death Eater to commit an atrocity against Harry and his friends.  But you will also find something new....romance.  Harry and the other six years of Hogwarts are discovering romance between each other and perhaps picking out the witch or wizard they wish to marry some day.  There is a hilarious tale between Ron and a certain witch whom Hermione is quite unpleased with.  And although Harry's romance with Cho is long over...he too finds himself infatuiated with a certain someone who dedicated readers never saw coming.<br/><br/>As many readers have probably heard by now....like Order of the Phoenix, this book too has a very very sad ending and i must say that Rowling did a spectacular job keeping this bit hidden thr-out the book, along with many other suprising aspects.  Although i long to reveal this ending, i will simply state this...it is a treachery no one, NO ONE will see coming.  While they may suspect...i guarntee the ending will suprise you. (Im still in shock).<br/><br/>If you have been keeping up with the Harry Potter series, you cannot miss this book.  I Believe it to be the best of the series so far and i cannot wait for the last installment.  This book, in no way deserves anything less than 5 stars...those who gave it less are cheating thmeselves and others, for they probably never gave the book a chance.  Read it...love it...you cant possibly do more if you truly enjoy the series.
 With the Voldemort menace at its peak in 16 long years, Harry Potter, “the Chosen One,” slowly assumes his linchpin role as Voldemort’s match with private lessons with Headmaster Dumbledore. Initially ecstatic with the possibility of conjuring complex and secret magic arts, Harry instead wades through dark and murky memories of Voldemort’s greatest strengths and weaknesses. After each pensieve trip, the task at hand gets heavier and grimmer: power and technique alone are not enough, a good bit of courage is required.<br/><br/>cf.  ...]
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is great refresher reading before <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Harry-Potter-and-the-Deathly-Hallows-Book-7/dp/0545010225/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows (Book 7)</a>.  The Harry Potter saga is replete with a growing cast of characters, spells, and magical items and creatures.  Most aren't germane to the plot of the following book, but some are, and it's good to get  caught up before launching into the final volume.<br/><br/>Harry is a full-fledged adolescent in this book.  He has moved beyond his crush on Cho Chang that went awry to deeper hormonal surges.  Having his classmates "snogging" all around him doesn't help. Harry continues to suffer from speaking before thinking, and this gets him into deeper trouble than in the past.  Like a typical confused teenager, he pushes away the people who care the most for him and ends up being miserable.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince continues the theme of loss that permeates the series.  The first people close to Harry to die were of course his parents, prior to the beginning of the series.  As the series progressed, Hogwarts students die, then Harry's newfound godfather Sirius Black in <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Harry-Potter-and-the-Order-of-the-Phoenix-Book-5/dp/043935806X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (Book 5)</a>.<br/><br/>The question the reader has coming into the book is: "Who is the Half Blood Prince"?  Leaving the book, and mentally preparing for the sequel, and last volume in the series, I wondered, "Does Harry have extraordinary magic powers, or does he have average magic powers coupled with persistence, leadership, and teamwork and passion?"
 Starting this book, I have to admit that I found myself wondering if this series was starting to run out of steam. It seems that every Harry Potter book has the same first one hundred pages before it gets going. The usual start at the Muggle's house where Potter's extended family is made to eat crow once again. The visit to the Diagon alley in London where wizard's and witches buy their wares, the short stay at the Weasley's where Potter always finds a small period of happiness, and then the voyage to school where he is late as all-ways. I was almost ready to put the book down here, because I felt like I had read it five times before and was a little insulted as a reader over having been passed this paltry re-used fare.<br/><br/>However, it would be good to have faith in the author Rowling. Even though this might all in all be the least inspired of her series to date, it is still very much worth reading once it starts to take hold. It's interesting to watch Potter, Hermione, Ron, and Ginny find love and grow as characters. This book is very much more internal than the others are in that it deals overly with Potter's conflicting jealousies and anger over being overlooked by the adults in his life. In my opinion Rowling has the honor of being the grand master of fantasy (along with George RR Martin). Rowling and Martin have taken this genre beyond anywhere that Tolkein or other predecessors had envisioned and have added enormous amounts of personality and life to a once stagnant corner of fiction.<br/><br/>If you are a little older you will really enjoy the many times more involved Martin series that I mentioned.
 This book (as well as all the Harry Potter Books) has 3 things that I truly love. (1) They are very well written so that both adults and kids will enjoy.  JK Rowlings' character development is fabulous. The details of each and every setting and all actions in the plot are the best.  (2) These books have gotten some kids that NEVER would pick up a book to read, READING! Not just reading some small book so they can get a grade in school. But books that take a little time, energy, and thought into reading them. It seemed that for a while there, everywhere you turned you would find a kid with their nose in a Harry Potter Book. (3)This series of books created a community of people both kids and adults discussing books together. Reading became the popular thing to do.  When kids see and hear adults reading and talking about books, they see the importance of reading.  That is more valuable that the books themselves.
 I have a dilemma, I don't want to read the last book because then it's gone forever, but once I do I am looking forward to moving onto the movies!  I am absolutely loving this series, and am glad I waited until now to read them.  They provide wonderful escapism for an adult, and it's obvious that JK Rowling was writing these books, keeping in mind her audience at the time growing up.  They are well into their teens now and behave accordingly, so definitely aimed at the older market than what the first one was.  So much happens in this book and it's very fast paced, I just couldn't stop reading it.  I'm going to have to dive into book 7, knowing that it's then all over.  I'm sure I'll read them all again one day though.
 Being a big fan of the Harry Potter series, I was a bit disappointed by the fifth book in the series, "Order of the Phoenix."<br/><br/>The "Half-Blood Prince", however, did not disappoint in the least. The thing about these books is that despite their growing length, I finish them in at most three and a half days because of how amazingly addictive they are.<br/><br/>As expected, the main characters continue to grow up in a world that has become even darker and more unsafe. No longer is this the cutesy, sometimes-menacing world of Book's 1 and 2. The key thing in "Half-Blood Prince" is how much this world of magicians and muggles has evolved and progressed since the first few books. Many are dissappointed at the descent into darkness that these books have taken. I, on the other hand, love how it shows that Harry, Hermione and Ron will no longer have the protection of the adult wizards and will have to stand up against evil on their own.<br/><br/>We finally got to see the history of Lord Voldemort, along with getting to finally see Harry in a happy and normal relationship with a girl. About time! Though I wish that Rowling would pull the trigger on the Ron-Hermione romance already!<br/><br/>In this book Dumbledore's actions at times irked me, given that his naive faith the redemption of others put the school and all of its inhabitants in danger. But I won't spoil that for those who haven't read it yet. All in all, this book was a perfect setup for the seventh and final Harry Potter book. For those who haven't read a Harry Potter book yet or refuse to just because they think its uncool to, what is taking you so long? Get up and get a copy!! Believe the hype, Rowling's magical writing is as good as they say and then some!
 You see, this book is good, is better than any fictional crap being published out there (And I don't mean children books because HP books have ceased to be children's books). But it has lost the focus that made it so magical in the first place.<br/><br/>Harry has matured, as well as everyone else (Or so it seemed) leaving behing his "angry white teenage boy" face from book 5 for a new look on life. During the year he learns about his worst enemy's past. While it doesn't seem important at first, we learn it serves a purpose. that being to prepare the starge for book 7 and nothing more.<br/><br/>The book relies too heavy on love and relationships to move on, it almost sounds like a soap opera at times. And the conclusion of the book in those terms seems to be ripped of a cheesy hollywood hero movie.<br/><br/>The famous tragic death in the book is cruel, not because the death itself is horrible, but because that character dies in such a stupid and predictable way it kills the moment. They tease it all throughout the book, and it makes you think the author really doesn't have the nerve to do it, and then you're proven wrong. I really hated JKR for killing someone important like that.<br/><br/>********<br/><br/>Once that was said, Potter fans should (in case the haven't) read this, not as a magical book, but as a stage planner for the final battle. The book has very good jokes teens and adults will understand, and quite a few WTF?! moments, but don't expect anything near the level of book 3, 4 and 5.
 I love how ginny aND both ron fought with eachother when he aND harry both interrupted ginny aND dean's private corridor area when they both were kissing eachother. Harry was feeling a monster feeling that was boiling inside his head. Ron didn't want his sister kissing anyone in public. So they fought with eachother with their own wands. When ron said he didn't want people thinking she was a slut or whatever he was going to say to ginny. She made fun of Ron because she notice how much he wanted flur to kissed him on his cheek. And saying it is pathetic also.
 Harry is awaiting a visit from Albus Dumbledore, the respected headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Albus Dumbledore takes Harry to the house of Slughorn, a Slytherin potion maker who retired from the school quite some time ago.Harry persuades the very charming and nice proffessor to continue his job at Hogwarts.So when Harry returns to his school, he and six other 'favourites' of Slughorn, are summoned by him for dinner and tea parties, which Harry makes up excuses why he is unable to attend.<br/><br/>But while the formal term at Hogwarts rolls on at a dreadry pace, Draco Malfoy is up to evil during the term.He and his helpers of 'friends' unveil a vicious plan away from the dreaded proffessor Snape, who is secretly spying on Dumbledore under the words of his leader, the dark wizard, Voldermort.These two similar wizards unhatch their own plans to turn Hogwarts, Harry and Dumbledore into their slaves of darkness.<br/><br/>Harry is chosen one, the heir to defeat Voldermort.He alone and five other friends: Ron, Hermione, Nevile, Luna and Ginny can defeat the evil wizard and rid him off Hogwarts.So when the death eaters and an evil wolf called Greyback enter Hogwarts during the night, many peopple are killed, and can Harry and his friends save their school and themselves before the timely death of Dumbledore?<br/><br/>I found this new and unique book one of my favourite books in the series.It had escapes, dangers and thrills of romance throughout the whole book and was everything that I wanted to it to turn out to be.
 EDIT:  Some people mark audio reviews as "unhelpful", which I found strange, until I realized what Amazon does.<br/>--  They pool audio and text reviews and place all of those reviews on each of the products' pages, regardless of form the material is taking.  You wouldn't expect a book review on the DVD's page.  In this case, every word is the same, but a book review tells you only about the story, not the quality of the audio product.<br/>--  But any regular audiobook listener has experienced a great book poorly read, or hammed up, or a voice that grated on your nerves, or found a book you loved to listen to, but couldn't find the time to sit and read (Lord of the Rings for me).<br/>--  A review of the author's work tells you NOTHING about the audio, and yet, if you try and find what you're getting into, you have to sift through MANY book reviews before finding out the quality of the voice work, as most people have reviewed the author and the book, rather than the audiobook.<br/>--  So, here's a small review of the audiobook, if you're interested in purchasing that.  If you're looking for a review of the author, I am not being unhelpful, but Amazon is.  I will request that they change their policy and display the reviews separately.<br/><br/>... Jim Dale is one of the best voice actors I've ever listened to and he brought the books to life an a way that reading could never do.  I like reading, but it's really incredible to have someone put a different voice to every character, displaying the emotions and tone of the interactions.<br/>... They are a really phenomenal experience, and I've listened to them over again and again.
 This whole series of books is superb.  I have re-read this series many times now and have enjoyed each re-reading as much as the first time I read them.  Each time I re-read them, I find out little bits that I didn't realize with a previous reading.  This book gives you the impression that we will find out what Dumbledore's great plan for Harry is and what Harry has to do however, that is not the case as we find out even more in book 7.  While parts of this book may be disturbing for fans to read, it is a necessary progression towards the culmination of the story.  If you like this sort of story, then I highly recommend reading them.  The author weaves a believable tale with believable characters and settings that become familiar and beloved to the reader.
 Dumbledore dying?! I can't even imagine tht! This book is just a WOW. I still can't believe that Dumbledore died he has been so helpful to Harry it would be impossible to maintain my tears of I was Harry Potter. the headmaster, the one who most everyone trusts has died. I don't know what happens next cause I didn't read it yet but it's really amusing how J.K Rowling wrote these books! I gotta say J.K Rowling is really a AWESOME AUTHOR (she is my fave!!) 😃😢
 I really enjoyed this addition to the series. I feel like it adds so much in terms of the story and the character development. So much of the story that is seen in the movies makes a lot more sense after reading this. The overall atmosphere of this book is gloomy but it has little sparks of hope spread throughout that keep the reader going. It is a must read for anyone that likes the Harry Potter series.
 I love the entire series of Harry Potter books, yet I don't believe that my years of devotion to the series has clouded my judgement when I say that this is a terrific book.<br/><br/>Harry is now returning to Hogwarts to begin his sixth year. The wizarding community is now aware of Voldemorts return and terror is beginning to reign. Harry is a marked man and every thing now feels as if it is leading up to the final comfrontation between himself and Voldemort. We learn a lot of new things about Voldemort.<br/><br/>This summary is very hard to write as I don't want to spoil anything as I know I would be furious if someone spoiled the story for me...<br/><br/>Things of great importance take place and we learn something new that adds to and intensifies the burden already placed on Harry's shoulders.<br/><br/>I don't want to say anything more but this wa sa very good addition to the series. If there is someone out there like a few friends I have who have tried the books and been put off by the rather slow start of the first book and been discouraged from reading them ever since I encourage you to try again. You are missing out on some really great books, and they can be hard to come across, hidden amongest some of the forgettable books I read to satisfy my thirst for a book.<br/><br/>This is a great book. Any Harry Potter fan has to read it and any one who isn't a Potter fan by now, I encourage to give the books a chance.
 "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is the sixth book of the Harry Potter series by J.K. Rowling.  Harry is a more mature character in this book and spends the most time with Dumbledore that he has in any other book.  Harry and Dumbledore make progress against Voldemort, but, at the same time, Voldemort seems to be gathering forces and gaining more power.  Meanwhile, Harry has other things happening in his life.  There are lessons to learn at Hogwarts.  The Weasleys become ever more important to Harry's story.  There is an interesting change of who is teaching what at Hogwarts.  Quidditch continues to be a part of Harry's life.  And, personal relationships develop.  Meanwhile, However, Harry begins to learn more of Voldemort's past.  And, Harry has yet another dangerous adventure.  Unfortunately, we then come to the darkest part of the HP stories.<br/><br/>Sorry, that is enough of that.  We have left the children's stories behind.  Harry must, now, be an adult as he continues to work against Voldemort.<br/><br/>This is an excellent book.  However, if you have a young person reading this, be sure to prepare your young person for the possibility of difficulties and dark times for Harry.  Personally, I doubt if anyone under 16 should be reading this episode of the Harry Potter series of stories.
 Unlike Books 4 or 5, I was more satisfied with the balance between the number of ideas in this book and the length of the book and I would recommend it to any adult who hasn't read it yet. Children and teens probably don't need an adult's recommendation :)<br/><br/>The opening chapter featuring the meeting between the Muggle Prime Minister and Fudge is perhaps the funniest in the entire series, but high politics is certainly not the focus of this book. With the help of Dumbledore's efforts at collecting memories we are introduced to the young Voldemort, his personality and efforts to make himself immortal. The glimpse into the past via other people's memories is fascinating and Rowling skilfully balances it with teen romance (unlike in the Goblet of Fire, where the latter overpowered the plot, though not the action).<br/><br/>In the course of this book, Harry gains some expertise in potion-making with the help of a book that used to be the property of a gifted student who worked hard. To my recollection, this is the first time in this series where Harry finds something useful in a book, an area that was hitherto completely Hermione's domain. The use of the potions book brings up the question (among others) about the usefulness of education to furthering one's goals in life.<br/><br/>Until this volume, Harry had been more of an intuitive action-hero (like the young Anakin Skywalker) rather than a wizard using every single opportunity to get better at his game, even if it came from such a boring source as a book. Harry instantly knew how to fly and he acquired practice in Defense Against the Dark Arts "on the field," by fighting Voldemort. Harry is a reluctant hero, if Voldemort did not exist, he would wander around Hogwarts with his friends, sharing Ron's complaints about all the boring subjects he had to study.<br/><br/>By contrast, the dark wizards in this book are far less picky. Voldemort takes his life in his own hands from the very beginning: he has goals and he is willing to work for them. The Half-Blood Prince invents his/her own spells and improves on the instructions given in the textbook. While the aims of these wizards are less than commendable, the way they get there is far more inspiring to this reader than Harry's aristocratic nonchalance or Ron's unconcern about useless schoolwork.
 Harry is entering his 6th year in Hogwarts. In is schedules, Professor McGongall asks Harry if he would like to continue on potions with this year's new teacher. Harry agrees. In his new potions class he receives a book he can borrow since he thought he would not be taking potions class anymore so he did not buy his copy of "Advanced Potion Making". When Harry finds that the past owner wrote his or her made up potions and very useful tips. Who is this mysterious person? Is this person a boy or girl? Harry is also suspicious about Draco Malfoy who keeps disappearing in the Mauraders Map. Will Harry find out what Draco Malfoy is doing in the room of requirement at the same time? ^-^
 The storm is coming. We know it.<br/><br/>This penultimate chapter in the Harry Potter story feels in the main like a wonderful prelude to what will certainly be a thrilling finale. The plot, normally the focus of a Harry Potter novel, takes a back seat here to character development and the relationships between the characters (Harry and Dumbledore, Ron and Hermione, etc.). Normally, I wouldn't like the shift in focus--I'm a plot-oriented kind of guy--but Rowling has certainly earned it with her wonderful series, and in the end I'm glad to have had some down time with the characters I know and love, rather than just see them racing around. And, really, there's a lot of plot obviously coming in book seven. A lot.<br/><br/>Ultimately, this novel felt like a swimmer's taking a deep breath before the long plunge. I think Harry realizes that too, given his final reflection on the last page. After this book, with its focus on personality, relationship and backstory, I expect a rollercoaster finish, wall to wall with spills and chills.<br/><br/>This book rates five of five stars because it is a fine entry in a five star series, and because it is enjoyable from cover to cover. Rowling in the first six books of this series has given me absolutely no reason to doubt her ability to deliver in the seventh.<br/><br/>I can't wait.
 Well, we were warned:  someone would die in this book, someone important, and it was true.  I waited to read the book until my Christmas break, the school semester was over and I didn't have to worry about spending hours a day reading, if I wanted to do that.  Maybe it was a good thing that the holidays are so cheerful.  Or maybe I should have waited so that my holidays wouldn't end on something of a down note.  Either way, I'm glad I read the book, but I sure wish the 7th was waiting for me.<br/><br/>The identity of the Half-Blood Prince is a surprise, although after having read the first 5 books, it was no surprise whose side the Prince was on.  The new romance is bittersweet.  And the friendship of the lead trio is as strong as ever.<br/><br/>I don't know how Rowling maintains the quality of both story and writing over so many books and years.  I'm glad she does, although the last two could have used a really good editor:  scenes and dialogues that were too long, were particular problems.  In spite of that, Half-Blood Prince is still a roller coaster ride with characters who remain consistent and a plot that gets more and more tense.  I can't help but hope that number 7 doesn't take as long to come out as number 6.  I need to know what happens next as much as I hate to see the story finally end.
 The book was informative with regards to "He who must not be named"'s past. Also, the dialog continued to be witty, funny and imaginitive. Potter Fans will hardly be dissappointed.<br/><br/>I give this book 3 stars. I felt the credibility and imaginitive flawlessness of past HP books fell apart with regards to her removing some of the intelligence of the characters. Many of the characters seemed to have developed an "ignorant" or "blind eye" virus.  A few readers may find this a bit insulting. As after all the self defense, awareness and heightened alert they experienced from the last book, should have kept the characters on their toes and listening more carefully to Harry's assumptions of "the questionable characters". We all like to know that people learn from past errors in judgement. In this book the same thing happens again. Harry is trying to warn of "goings on" with the "real bad guys" and he's blown off again. This made for a redundant storyline.<br/><br/>Also, A little more research in the High Magick literary sense may have kept the story more believable, as I felt a little too much hollywood got sprinkled in places that could have been fertilized with interesting facts or even half facts regarding real magic.  Instead there were a few times that the book seemed to copy a an old "B rated bad zombie movie".<br/><br/>But she's a great writer, and its challenge enough to keep up the great legacy she has created. Perhaps the pressure caused a few glitches in this one. Nonetheless J.K. Rowling deserves respect for her works.
 ...the Harry Potter books have grown, matured, and heightened in complexity. While the first three books did a good job at setting up the epic story of Harry Potter's adventures in Hogwarts, from book four on the story took a dramatic shift, and has since become a much richer reading experience full of subplots, deception, speculations, and death. This is never more apparent than in "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince," the last installment of the series that propels it from a children's series to bona-fide fine literature. It is actually quiet a complex read; you have to have a healthy knowledge of the previous stories to understand the character's motivations, desires, and the overall nuances that allude to the events in prior books. As a stand-alone book, HPatHBP isn't as strong as Goblet of Fire; like Lord of the Rings' "The Two Towers" this is very much a middle book, wholly written to set up the myriad of pieces that will be explained by the next (assuredly) mammoth book. And like TTT it ends on a very dark, mysterious note. Rowling does a great job here though, and keeps the series going on all four cylinders as our time at Hogwarts nears its end. There are no clear answers here, only an excellent continuation of the increasingly absorbing story that is bound to get a lot worse for little Harry before it gets better.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is the sixth book in the Harry Potter series by the talented J.K. Rowling. This book is about Harry and his friends Ron and Hermione sixth year at Hogwarts. The war against Voldemort is not going well, even the Muggle government is starting to take notice. In this books Harry will search for the full and complex story of the boy who became Lord Voldemort and find what may be his only vulnerability, the Horcruxes. I loved reading his book, as I have enjoyed reading the other before this one. With each new book there is more action and more suspense and I knew what was going to happen until it happened. I couldn't out this book down when I was reading it, and I couldn't believe Professor Snape was on both sides. He was a death eater and at the same time doing what Dumbledore wanted him to do at the same time. I would highly recommend this book to anyone and everyone who likes magic, adventure, and fantasy books.
 The world of Harry Potter was thrown into disarray in 'The Order of the Pheonix', when the Ministry is attacked and a character close to Harry is lost. Now the plot grows thicker as more questions arise about the true loyalty of Professor Snape.<br/><br/>This books continues to the exciting adventures of Harry Potter and his friends as they try to deal with Voldemort and his Death Eaters. Since the battle in the Ministry the wizarding world has acknowledged that the Dark Lord has returned and everyone is worried for their safety. At Hogwarts security has been tightened and there is a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher and Potions teacher to deal with. Harry must also handle the relationship as he and his friends are growing up.<br/><br/>Harry learns more and more about Tom Riddle through private lessons with Dunbledore and the reader sees the plots thickening and converging. The books leaves the reader hanging with a shocking ending that leaves Harry's world upside down.<br/><br/>I found this installment of the series to be very good and gripping. Events that took place in the preceding five books are picked up in this story and with only one book remaining it will be interesting to see how Rowling completes this wonderful tale.<br/><br/>If you have been reading the Harry Potter series this book will not let you down.
 Do not get me wrong I liked the 5th book but I believe it was written more in a sense of describing things. I was surprised to find that the 6th book was shorter pagewise  but it's the "one event after another event" type of story telling that  makes this book well worth reading. The book takes us on an emotional roller- coaster ride with Harry making us feel angry when Harry was or making us feel happy when it called for it.<br/><br/>I did not like the whole smooching thing going on in this book. I know I know Harry is growing up and sure he can fall in love --- totally normal but for my part it got a little to sobby at times.<br/><br/>The mystery of Malfoy however makes up for it. There is so much going on in this book that I wished it had been longer. But then maybe the story would have dragged on for to long.<br/><br/>The fact that some muggles &lt; in higher positions&gt; know about the wizarding world is refreshing. In the other books muggles  seem not to ever know about wizards and all and when they finally catch a glimpse of it they are put under a spell to alter their memory.( thats not nice  if you ask me)<br/><br/>To find out about Tom Riddle's( we all know its Voldemort) past makes this book worth reading even more. At times I even felt sorry for him. His search for his past and his mother consumed him so much that his life seems to be sad and lonley ... and surprise surprise it still is. At the same time one can't help it to hate Tom Riddle  &lt; even when he was just a child &gt; due to his vanity and pleasure in hurting others.<br/><br/>There is a lot of surprises in this book I loved ,sadly I can't tell you cause you really need to read this book for yourself and make up your own opinion. Now if I liked this book so much why did I only give it 4 stars. Allthough the storyline is good and all one HAS TO KNOW the other books to understand whats going on. Plus the 4th book &lt; Goblet of Fire &gt; is still my favorite in the Harry Potter line. Maybe that will change when the 7th book will be released.
 I've just read through some of these reviews. Thank goodness I'm not alone in feeling that something was a bit...off.<br/><br/>In the book's favor, I like the shorter length. The previous two were waaay too long.  The only drawback to a shorter book is, some favorite regulars are turned into day-players. We need more Professer McGonagall! (Particularly since she's the new Headmistress). I like the bouncing hormones, which we can expect in abook that is about teenagers. And it's about time that somebody said out loud that the Dursleys are lousy parents, and not just because they've always mistreated Harry.<br/><br/>On the debit side (SPOILERS).  I could have sworn that the 'Half-Blood Prince' was Voldemort.  We've known about his mixed-blood since the second book (or is it the third?) When it turned out to be Snape, it felt like a bait-and-switch. And when did Snape turn so flat-out EVIL? He's always been unpleasant. I always thought this was because of guilt, and knowing he'd been stupid when he backed Voldemort before.  Again, this came out of nowhere. It only works if we accept that Dumbledore is a complete idiot, which I don't. Unless, of course, this whole thing with Dumbledore was a charade for Voldemort's benefit, to make him think...never mind. We must wait for the next book.<br/><br/>And why aren't all those nasty little Slytherins under close watch? I know-Draco wouldn't be able the smuggle the D-E's into Hogwart's if he were. This is another case of people action's serving the plot. It's supposed to be the other way around (I think that Draco should have expelled at the end of Book Four)<br/><br/>I'm glad that Ron seems to end up with Hermione. He's been sweet on her since Book Three.<br/><br/>Just my comments.  I hope that Rowling will iron out the problems before the next one.<br/><br/>And yes, I think that RAB is Regulus Black.  Interesting Developement
 There's quite alot of story critique here, so let me try to stay away from that... There are other things to discuss. Such as Ms Rowlings' writing.<br/><br/>You may not have liked all the plot twists (neither did I, to be honest). This book broke my heart more than once. But the writing is among the best I've ever seen from her. I've rarely been affected by a book as I have by this one. I read it obsessively and the evening I finished it, it was the last thing I thought about as I drifted off to sleep. The next morning it was the first thing I thought of (even before I hit the snooze button).<br/><br/>Unlike many other writers, JK has avoided the pitfalls of having a commercially successful series. Many writers fear to make changes for fear of losing their fan base. And so, they write the same story over and over, never moving forward and the characters you love get stuck in a never-changing rutt (think Evanoviches Plum series, or the Scarpatta books).<br/><br/>The HBP keeps the Potter series fresh and exciting. And (in a very shrewd yet not at all contrived manner) sets the board for life beyond book seven. (How many Horcruxes are left?)<br/><br/>The only complaint I can come up with is that who knows when the next one will come out. I'm on pins and needles - but if this is the caliber story she'll keep producing - Take your time, JK, it's well worth the wait.
 I love the Harry Potter books, however this one was most definitely not my favorite. JK Rowling is still a great write but this one had me a little bored. As I was reading it, I realized I was sort of losing steam and it was taking me longer to read than it had "Order of the Phoenix."<br/><br/>****SPOILERS AHEAD****<br/><br/>First, the title. The Half-Blood Prince isn't really what the book is about, rather, it's about Harry coming to understand Voldemort's past. A better title would have been something like "Harry Potter and the Waters of Memories" (okay, that's a really bad title, I know, but it has more to do with the story than the Half-Blood Prince does)<br/><br/>Second, I felt like Rowling sort of sprung a lot of important things on us in this book. Most importantly, Horcruxes. I think they could have been introduced a while ago, instead of introducing them now right before the series finale.<br/><br/>Third, while it may be symbolic, I disliked that Dumbledore died. While I love this character, I would have rathered McConagall died. I thought Dumbledore would have a HUGE role in the last book, but now he's dead.<br/><br/>I had some problems with this book, but I thought it was overall a good book.
 What hasn't been said about Harry Potter?  Suffice it to say that this 6th edition of the series takes the plot in entirely new directions.  After the showdown at the Ministry of Magic in the end of Book 5, Order of the Phoenix, Harry finds out that a prophesy was made before his birth about a boy born the end of July who will have powers that Voldemort won't understand.  It is this prophesy that drove Voldemort to kill Harry's parents and attempt to murder him in his infancy.  Book Six has Harry taking private lessons with Dumbledore as they try to dig into Voldemort's past for information that might aid them in eliminating him.  The book ends with a surprise that I don't think anyone expected, forcing Harry to forge on alone in his quest to vanquish the Evil of Voldemort.<br/><br/>This book truly establishes Harry's personal need to see the end of Voldemort.  It is poigniant in its illustration of a young man's struggle to understand and grow in a world beyond his control.  Added to the already full agenda of revenge, learning, and growing, Harry falls in love and loses another foundational person in his life.  JKR's writing is simple, yet so rich that I was moved to tears through her description of Harry's struggle.  Don't pass it up!
 Boy am I glad I didn't start this series until all seven books were written! If I didn't have Deathly Hallows sitting on the bookshelf when I finished this book, I'd have chewed my fingernails right off!<br/><br/>Who is the Half-Blood Prince? You'll find out. I was actually thinking it was someone else, so the plot twist was a nice surprise, even if it meant re-thinking one of my favorite characters, although I'm still not sure what to think (which is why I am glad to already be 50 pages into Book 7).<br/><br/>This book is definitely darker and more serious than the previous one, which was darker than the one before. It provides yet more of the background we need to truly understand, along with Harry, just what he's up against in Voldemort and just how important his role is. This is such a credit to JK Rowling as she writes to an older and older audience each time and definitely does not write down to them.<br/><br/>However, the ending, which is quite shocking, raised lots and lots of questions, and so almost felt like a teaser for the next book, which is annoying enough (in a GOOD way, mind you) when you have the next book on the shelf, but I can only imagine how all you poor folks felt who read this when it first came out!
 This is the BEST series you will read in your life, Mark my words. I SWEAR that you will not regret spending 10 bux on this. Personally I think they should each be worth 30 dollars. I finished this whole book in two days. lol. Rowling knew the perfect way to finally show HOW Snape is EVIL. Be prepared for addiction. Buying this book basically signs an addiction contract that lasts until you finish the book. I'm on Deathly Hallows right now. 😁 These books are the mark of perfection. Anyone who wants to be a millionaire should read the Harry Potter books and base your books of of them. That would be sweet. There could be a Harry Potter book world like the Wayward Pines series world.
 will a 632nd review add anything?  probably not.  (i haven't read the other 631 yet to check.)<br/><br/>but here's my perspective: as a fan of the series who was drawn in by the third movie and then quickly read books #1-4 in anticipation of the paperback edition of OotP, i was sure to put my name down for a reserve copy of HBP as soon as it came out.  i picked my copy up saturday (after having read the first five again in the previous two weeks), and finished it over the weekend.  i was disappointed.  unlike its immediate predecessors, HBP for the most part just trudges along.  the story arc is intact, and to that end the book serves its purpose, but HBP reads almost like an appendix to OotP.  (kind of like the numerous appendices found in some editions of the Lord of the Rings, telling about Merry and Pippin's journeys to gather herb-lore, and the like.)  much of dumbledore's dialogue in his scenes with harry, in particular, serves this "too much information to add in other books" kind of role.  in other words, the book is long on exposition (and supposition), but short on many of the elements that make the other books (particularly 3-5) so much more satisfying.<br/><br/>perhaps part of the problem is that everything seems to take place on school grounds.  harry's usual suspicions send him tailing after malfoy and snape, of course, but this hardly amounts to much more than a few overheard bits of conversation.  where did harry's tenacity go?  where is the sense of adventure, the experience of discovery that permeated the other books?  in HBP, harry seems content (well, not exactly content - more like resigned) to just wonder what various other characters are up to.  he seems neither as clever as he did in the first two books, nor as determined as in books 3 and 5.  even in harry's "love life", there's an odd sort of "oh well, i guess that's how things go" kind of resignation!  (he must have really mellowed upon turning 16 - or perhaps sirius' death took more out of him than the reader knows.)<br/><br/>about the last third of the book begins to pick up the pace.  however, for this reader at least, the two big moments in the book (the revelation of the identity of the "half-blood prince", and the anticipated death scene that rowling warned us all was coming) were not at all surprising.  i had guessed of the identity of the half-blood prince almost as soon as the name made its appearance (and in retrospect, it's quite obvious!  go ahead and trust your gut, kiddies!), and had pretty much determined which of harry's friends dies mid-way through reading the book.  (maybe rowling just needs to make the chapter titles less revealing?)  there are a couple of other little surprises and some new characters, but these mostly fill out small details of the story.<br/><br/>i think, ultimately, when HBP is put alongside the other books, i can't quite understand why it was written.  i don't see why the exposition couldn't have been put into other books, more concisely.  much of the information on "you-know-who" could have been introduced earlier in the series without detriment to the general story arc.  (dumbledore's various excuses here and there about "harry being old enough" seem rather more of a justification for rowling's practice of spreading things out among several books.)  much of the action is secondary to the story, and kind of rehashed from earlier books.  (do death eaters always taunt others like 12-year-olds?)  and in some chapters, it feels like rowling was rushing to get this book completed.  (the first two chapters are particularly not well-composed.)  i still found it to be a "page-turner", but, for most of the book, just so i could get on to the next chapter.<br/><br/>do i regret buying it?  of course not.  it's the storyline that i love - and none of the books are perfect.  will i read it again?  yes, at least twice: once before the movie version is released, and once before book 7 is released.  but will i remember it and enjoy it as much as the other books?  no, i do not think so.  3, 4, and 5 remain my favorites.  i can only hope that book 7 taps into what made those books so much fun to read - and so compelling.<br/><br/>on another note, i recall a review saying that some of the book's material may be questionable for young children - and i think i agree.  HBP does, in the end, require a certain level of maturity from its readers (the same level of maturity evident in the main characters), and perhaps a bit of stoic resolve.
 "Harry Potter &amp; the Half Blood Prince" was a tremendously satisfying reading experience.  Rowling sets up the adventure; and I sat up night after night trying to read just one more chapter before turning out the light and heading to bed.  I think when I started dreaming Harry Potter, I realized how involved with the book I became.  I think this is an excellent puzzle novel.  It's different from the first five because Harry never does anything here that makes him the center of adulation.  The Quidditch team wins without him.  He seeks an answer to Draco Malfoy's secret, only to find out when it's too late.  While his presumptions about Snape and Malfoy prove more accurate than Dumbledore's, Harry is never congratulated for these.  The entire adventure with Dumbledore at the lake occurs without Harry releasing the details or receiving acclaim as a result.  In the final fight at Hogwarts, he defeats a Death Eater, but is not credited.  This is different from the first five books in which each of Harry's escapades brings him notoriety.  I found this book thoroughly gripping and well written.  Rowling and the Harry Potter series is getting better and better with each book.  Amazing!  Bravo!
 I've been reading Harry Potter since the second book came out. I must have been around 13, so I've been a fan for such a long time in my mind.<br/><br/>This book is really enjoyable just like the previous five, but I would have to say it's my least favorite of the series. There is so much to be done and so much that the reader wants to know, but so much time is spent on Harry just wondering about Malfoy, talking about the monster in his chest (which makes me cringe every single time), and Ron and Hermione fighting. Those are all enjoyable plot lines, but it's not what you expect or want from the possible second to last book of this series.<br/><br/>The most interesting parts are the times when Harry and Dumbledore travel through the pensive and discover certain memories of Voldermort's past.<br/><br/>Maybe it's just me, but the way J.K. Rowling writes Harry in this book tends to bother me. Just the way he talks - and basically just how he interacts with other characters just bothered me. He didn't seem like the Harry Potter from the past five books. Yes, I know that he's gone through a lot, but for some reason he just bugged me 80% of the time in this book.<br/><br/>Also, I'll say it again...the whole "monster in my chest" bit needs to stop. That was just so laughable and horrible.<br/><br/>Still, it was a very interesting and enjoyable book. Just not on the same level as the previous five in my opinion, but that's just me. Maybe, I expected too much?
 Now, THIS is my favorite in the series!<br/><br/>I began reading these books with my wife last November, somewhere halfway though the Goblet of Fire we stopped reading to each other so that we could read them at our own pace, that was a few weeks ago and I have since zoomed through to this one.<br/><br/>This is the book that I felt The Order of the Phoenix should have been, where darkness really does begin to fall upon the wizarding world created by Rowling.  There is a very predictable twist toward the end that we all saw coming since book one, but I was not able to guess who the Half-Blood Prince was and was surprised and excited when it was revealed.<br/><br/>There isn't much in the way of new characters and obviously the story focus' mainly on Harry, Hermione and Ron, though since the direction that The Order of the Phoenix took us I had hope to read much more of Neville and Luna.<br/><br/>I don't see how this book can be disliked by Harry Potter fans, as it is just as exciting, if not more so, and a more informative glimpse into the Harry Potter saga.  This book has now become my favorite in the series, and I'd be surprised if fans of HP don't feel similarly.
 I believe that the Harry Potter series was so successfull because it's so good. A good, true to life story combined with a very creative imagination combined with the outmost attention to details. Chocolate frogs that actually jump, Berty Botts' every flavor beans (and that actuaklly means every flavor, including ear wax), food magically appearing on tables, enchanted ceiling that actually shows the sky outside, Quiditch - we may take these things for granted now as just ordinary traits of the wizarding world of Harry Potter, but weren't they deliciously surprising in the first book?<br/><br/>While the first book was childish &amp; full of innocence in many ways, the books &amp; their contents grew up along with Harry. But throughout the first 5 books, the world around Harry &amp; friends seem to expand to new emotional levels.<br/><br/>But book 6 doesn't seem to be expanding the world of HP - but to start tying all the loose ends together towards the big show off in book 7. While all good things must come to an end (JK Rowling still staunchly claims there will be no more Harry Potter after book 7), this hurts book 6. Harry suddenly grows up quite a lot since the end of book 5 (and remember it's only been a few weeks in Harry's world, not 2 years like in ours!!) and his emotions don't seem to go as deep as they were in the past, as though he can turn the on and off (mostly off) at will, in preperations to becoming "the chosen one" who will hopefully beat Voldermort.<br/><br/>And somehow - even though book 5 was described as being too long &amp; too detailed - I couldn't put it down. I had no problems putting HP 6 down. Yes, I do admit I peeped at the ending, but the suspence of how we got there was sorely missed here.<br/><br/>But there is still a lot of good in this book - enough good to make it a worthy read.Even though Voldermort doesn't make an appearance throughout the whole book, the sense of dread and fear is aplaple - whether from stories of people's disappearances and random arrests to the lack of shock whenever another family of fellow students is hurt or worse...<br/><br/>Book 6 is in a very tight spot in the series: not all exposure could be left for book 7, but book 6 is tied down with  lot of it without having the reward of a showoff &amp; proper ending. I KNOW!! I'll buy book 7 ASAP when it comes out, even with all these flaws...
 In many ways, "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is the end of the first half of his saga. This is the conclusion of Harry as an innocent and a young man. No surprises here: The entire series has been leading towards Harry having a final confrontation with Voldemort.<br/><br/>The certainty of that confrontation, and the uncertainty of what will result, hangs heavily over "The Half-Blood Prince." Harry's sixth school year is full of preparations for the confrontation. The wizarding world is on high alert, the Death Eaters are murdering those who will not side with them, Harry's rival Draco Malfoy is up to something and Headmaster Dumbledore is preparing Harry with the information he'll need to face Voldemort in the prophesized final battle.<br/><br/>An air of tragedy and tension thus overlay the normal interests of 16 year olds, including the opposite sex, sports and the opposite sex. Romance fully blossoms at Hogwarts at last, but it's love during wartime, given less time to bloom than it would in more peaceful times.<br/><br/>In many ways, this is J. K. Rowling's "The Empire Strikes Back": There are no real conclusions here -- even the much-hyped death is so wrapped up in mystery that it will inevitably be the focus of much of the final novel -- but merely setting things up for that final conclusion. And as it's always darkest before the dawn, Rowling makes things very, very dark indeed. Any notion that she would be dumbing down this story, or the depiction of evil, for a children's audience is finally ground to dust. Death and other evils are treated in a mature fashion, especially the ramifications for the survivors.<br/><br/>Along the way is a great deal of evidence that Rowling has grown up as a writer along with Harry. The structure of the early books is almost entirely gone, and all indications are that the final book will have only a passing resemblance to previous books in terms of structure. Quidditch is here, but it receives its smallest focus to date. Time spent in class is likewise not the focus of the novel, nor is a great deal of time spent with Harry's non-wizarding relatives, the Dursleys. At this point, Rowling rightly assumes anyone reading her novel is aware of the setting and history, and just jumps right into the story itself.<br/><br/>But this is ultimately a hard novel to judge, as it really forms the first half of the final novel of the series. Indeed, it looks likely that the first chapter of that book will take place hours, at most, after the final page of "The Half-Blood Prince." It's going to be a heck of a ride, with confrontations with numerous antagonists likely to be going down in surprising ways, if the twists in this novel are any indication.<br/><br/>On its own, this isn't the best novel in the series -- that's still "Prisoner of Azkhaban," for my money -- but it's definitely among the best installments to date.<br/><br/>Now to climb the walls for two more years waiting for the conclusion of this series ...
 In spite of the hype and the rumbling bandwagon of Potter euphoria, this book will be remembered as the poorest of the series so far.<br/><br/>Which is to say, unlike the previous books, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is a mediocre literary effort.<br/><br/>The book feels rushed; I thought I even noticed 3-4 major typographical errors.  For the most part it is filler, and I found much of it to be a tedious read.<br/><br/>The characters are ostensibly developed, but they seem to have lost their heart and come off feeling shallow this time.  Teen angst and awkwardness are on display, but the true complexity of teenage character and confusion is painfully lacking.  The characters, for the most part, stagnate.  To the extent they are developed at all, it is in a way that is paper thin and shoved in our face, ala when a professor says, "I was most impressed with Ginny's bat bogey hex, she is a very talented witch."  Many chances for development, such as when one supporting character is discovered crying in the bathroom, are tossed into the air at random and let fall.  The gentle mulling over, so enchantingly employed in the previous books, is not to be found.<br/><br/>This is mediocre writing uncharacteristic of Rowling.  It is as though someone took an outline for her book and filled it in mechanically, forgetting that the thing which makes a story wonderful is not what you tell but HOW you tell it.<br/><br/>Thankfully, we are still treated to flashes of Rowling's brilliance, particularly in the last 100 pages of the book.  She is there, sure, she still has her magic touch, too, she just seems not to exercise it most of the time in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.  There are moments.  The last 100 pages, or so, is that old mind-trappingly captivating writing that I had grown accustomed to in Rowling's previous efforts.<br/><br/>I am fairly salivating over the final book.  It cannot come soon enough, and perhaps that is the point.  But Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, were it to stand on it's own without connection to the rest of the series, is a book I would rather not have read and would not really reccomend to anyone.<br/><br/>As it is a part of the magnificent Harry Potter series, I am thankful for whatever scraps from the table Rowling is willing to dish out to us.  My fingers are crossed, and I am hunkering down for the long run-up to the series finale.  I hope Rowling spends every bit as much time as necessary to make this final book the crown of the series, a true magical climaxe to her (mostly) magical efforts.
 I initially began reading the Harry Potter books out of curiosity and concern. So many parents were claiming these were anti-religious pro evil tales. Since I have school age children, I ordered the first book, The Sorcerers Stone, and instantly fell under its spell. I did not find the book offensive or promoting of evil. Instead the book, and all the ones that followed, contain the universal themes of love and compassion winning over evil every time.<br/><br/>JK Rowling has created a world filled with memorable characters who embody the best and worst in us all.<br/><br/>The Half Blood Prince carries the story forward into Harry's 6th year at Hogwarts School Of Magic. In many ways this is a more somber and dark story. Parents need to be aware that there are a few scenes in the book of a graphic nature: one occurs early on with one of the main characters suffering a brutal assault. The other occurs during a visit with Dumbledore to a past event. Both are not suited to children under the age of 12. The "death" of a much loved character at the end of the book will most likely prove upsetting to younger children as well.<br/><br/>This book seems to be more of a wrapping and tidying up of many questions plaguing readers in the first 6 books. Because of this, I recommend starting from book 1, The Sorcerers Stone, and reading them all first. Simply reading The Order Of The Phoenix won't give a new reader a true sense of understanding characters or plot lines.<br/><br/>This book disappointed me in some ways, as it dragged in many parts. Maybe because this is a long series of books, Rowling is simply burnt out. The characters come across slightly flat, and many of our favorites are barely mentioned at all. A mistake because it was the interaction between some of these people that so enriched and enlivened the Potter books. Hagrid comes across sad and diminished. Professor McGonnagal seems to have left her edgy authority in the broom closet and even Snape's endless viciousness seems watered down.<br/><br/>The magic is simply not present in this book. Oh, there are lessons aplenty during Harry's 6th year: apparating, potions and Defense against the Dark Arts spells. There is a mysterious book on Potions, given to Harry that helps him shine in his potions class. A book that Hermione weakly protests is somehow wrong. As usual Harry shows his stubborn streak and refuses to take heed.<br/><br/>The castle itself has become a fortress, with many of the delightful occasions and excursions curtailed, due to security concerns. Harry, appointed Captain of the Quidditch team, shows keen judgement in selecting his crew, even at the cost of incurring an enemy.<br/><br/>But the characters simply don't cohere as the tight close unit they once were, until the end of the book. Harry is separated further from his mates by lessons with Dumbledore, which prove more puzzling then instructive.<br/><br/>The teen flirting and romance are handled lightly and well, with each of the main characters having love interests-Ron had a few, though his attraction for Hermione is obvious. The tension between Hermione and Ron is skillfully drawn, and delightful, as both are blind to their true feelings. Harry's developing attraction for a younger girl is both touching and sensitive.<br/><br/>The death of a much loved character at the end, is truly upsetting. It is the only true shock in this book, and one that had me close to tears. Yet knowing Rowling, and this character, I wonder if like a certain fabled bird, he might rise again in the last book.<br/><br/>Rowling has said that the 7th book will be her last in this series. Hopefully, it will be a much more satisfying and entertaining read.<br/><br/>Even though I was disappointed in the Half Blood Prince, I recommend it. If only to try and understand the threads that led to the rise of "He who must not be named" If you're looking for the rich, colorful, multi-textured characterizations found in her earlier books, you'll be disappointed. But, if like me, you're a die hard Potter fan, it's something not to be missed.
 Harry Potter returns to Hogwarts for his most challenging year yet.  Not only is Lord Voldemort on the loose and creating havoc, but this year Harry is Captain of Quidditch and has to pick the new team.  He also has to cope with his growing feelings of passion for Ginny Weasley, and the tension between Hermione and Ron, who are frequently not speaking to each other.<br/><br/>Severus Snape is now teaching Defence Against the Dark Arts, and there is a new Potions master, Slughorn, who is very impressed by Harry's skill at making potions.  Harry's new-found skill is due to his copy of the textbook, which is filled with helpful notes by a previous owner, who calls himself 'The Half-Blood Prince'.  Thanks to the mysterious Prince, Harry is soon top of the class, much to Hermione's annoyance.  Another thing annoying Hermione is that Ron has started going out with Lavender, and they are more or less constnatly twined around one another.  Meanwhile slughorn also has a secret that Dumbledore wants to find out, and gives Harry the unenviable job of getting Slughorn to reveal it.<br/><br/>This book is as exciting as all the previous ones, though perhaps with less humour than previously.  this is not surprising, but there are some light moments.  Particularly enjoyable is the highly eccentric commentary given by Luna at a Quidditch match, and the funeral of Aragorn, hagrid's disgusting and lethal giant spider.  And Ron's brothers Fred and George, whose joke shop is flourishing, turn up from time to time to lighten the mood.<br/><br/>the book is almost unbearably exciting at times, J.K. Rowling knows how to tell a thrilling story, and she also knows how to wring the heartstrings, I was in tears by the ending.  she is perhaps not the most original of writers, but she knows how to grip you until the end.  It's terrible to think we may have to wait another two years for the next book, and to finally find out whether Snape is really on the side of good or evil.  I'm not sure I can stand the suspence.
 First, I'm giving this book five stars, because even a transitional HP book is more fun to read, more exciting and harder to put down, than most other books.  I am an adult reader who enjoys YA novels along with other genres, and I still think the HP series is a rival with any other YA series that exists (including Lewis).<br/><br/>I read the book in a day, as did a lot of reviewers.  My favorite is still the first one, but I enjoyed this one very much.<br/><br/>1.  I loved the opening with the Prime Minister, and thought it very funny.  But I was disappointed that there was no later "payoff."  It would be great to see the Muggle world more active in this crucial fight.<br/><br/>2.  We're still getting hints about Petunia that haven't really been explained.  I keep thinking there's more to this than we've been shown.  I'm going to be a little bit disappointed if there isn't.<br/><br/>3.  Once again, Rowling introduces a new and interesting professor.  I really enjoyed Slughorn.  He is one of the first teachers to appreciate Hermione's abilities.  OK, so he's vain and a little name-dropping, but he isn't evil.  I found him interesting and thought he was a great addition to the staff.  And his affection for Harry's mother seemed very genuine, and that was great to see, too.<br/><br/>4.  I was glad that Fleur and Bill stayed together, and that Rowling basically showed that even good people like the Weasleys can be mistaken.  It would have been tiresome if Fleur was shown to be two-faced because it would have been like saying that Beautiful = Bad.<br/><br/>5.  Anyone else wonder if Snape had a soft spot for Narcissa?<br/><br/>6.  Why is Tom Riddle so very evil?  Is it because his father never loved his mother?  In a way it's nice that we don't create any sympathy for Tom, as he can't be "redeemed" as Voldemort after all he's done, but in another way it's so strange.<br/><br/>7.  I felt very sad for his mother, Merope.<br/><br/>8.  I was delighted that we saw a deeper side to Draco.  This seems more like the Draco from Book One, who was jealous but not monstrous.  I'm hoping that this is a clue that Snape, who had said Draco and Harry were not unlike Snape and James, is not really the traitor he seems to be.  Also, I felt sorry for Narcissa when she was pleading with Snape.  Seems that death-eaters can also love.  Interesting development and a promising one.<br/><br/>9.  I don't think Snape is completely explained yet.  Admittedly I can't understand why he took the unbreakable vow knowing it might lead to this, if he's on the Good side, but on the other hand as he was running away he was still teaching Harry and I felt there was more to this.  I have always liked Snape and I still trust Dumbledore's judgement.<br/><br/>10.  R.A.B. = Regulus Black?  If that's the case, then the horcrux would be in the Black house, and Harry should own it.<br/><br/>11.  Harry is one of the horcruxes, I think.<br/><br/>12.  Re the romance:  on the one hand it was true to life, but on another, there was a bit too much of it.  But I certainly don't agree with the reviewers who found it was too sexual.  It was very very mild.  The Ginny-Harry thing has been prepped in earlier books but felt very sudden anyway.<br/><br/>13.  The main conflict seems to exist *only* in Europe.  Anyone else find that odd?  If it's really a battle for the fate of the world, shouldn't there be wizards from Asia, Africa and America?  Of course there haven't been so far, so it wasn't something that bothered me while reading, but I do wonder.<br/><br/>14.  The house-elves seemed to be dropped in and then dropped out.  Having Kreacher and Dobby trail Draco didn't lead to anything much.<br/><br/>15.  I want more of Luna.  In the last book, she was wacky but often right.  This time, her "rightness" were her own observations, but the magical theories were all crackpot.  I wanted some more "insider" knowledge.<br/><br/>16.  This book made me laugh out loud in several places!  Many of the reviewers don't seem to "get" her humor.  For example:<br/><br/>And Odo the hero, they bore him back home<br/>To the place that he'd known as a lad,<br/><br/>(sang Slughorn plaintively).<br/><br/>They laid him to rest with his hat inside out<br/>And his wand snapped in two, which was sad.<br/><br/>"Which was sad" as the afterthought rhyme is one of the funniest things i've ever read.  Too good.<br/><br/>17.  Do we ever find out who was "whooping" in the room of requirement that Trelawney overheard?<br/><br/>18.  Slughorn finds all of Harry's "cheats" remind him of Harry's mother.  We know the book belonged to Snape, but was he getting help from Lily, or helping her himself?  I think there's more to learn about this book, Snape, and the past.<br/><br/>Overall... this book was the biggest cliffhanger yet (for example did we even find out how Dumbledore burned his hand?).  It will be a long hard wait!
 I actually like that the prose seems to mature as the characters do, but I can understand why some of the younger Harry Potter readers feel left behind. I was late on board the Harry Potter train, but have read each book with increasing enthusiasm.<br/><br/>Nearing the end of their school years, it becomes clear to Harry Potter and friends that they are increasingly forced to act as adults in their own right. A theme about the inability to rely on grown-up authority figures has been building through the last few books, and reaches its climax in the Half-Blood Prince. I expect that Rowling will move us through this cycle soon, but it has been interesting and daring. The claustrophobia and inability to trust (while still desiring mentoring) are areas of being a teenager that most YA authors do not dare touch.<br/><br/>I am starting to need more resolution from each installment, I prefer series entries that are more stand alone novels in their own right-- this ends with too much of a cliffhanger for that. Cliffhangers will work in a shorter series, but I somehow have the feeling that we have several more books to go before we are done with Harry Potter.
 The Half-Blood Prince is a very dark book - Hogwarts is open, but keeping it open is hanging by a thread now that everyone is aware of the threat of Voldemort hanging over their heads.  The students are jumpy and many blame Harry for Voldemort's return.<br/><br/>To everyone's surprise, there is a new Potions teacher; Harry had planned to skip potions, but with a new teacher, he decides to go ahead and stay in the class (the professor insists - saying that Harry's mother Lily was a natural and with the right help Harry could possibly be as well).  Harry had not bought the books, so the professor finds an extra in the cupboards for Harry.  Interestingly enough, the book has a lot of notes written in the margins and covers, including a note that claims the book as the property of "the half-blood prince."  Following the instructions in the notes, rather than the text (which are often conflicting), Harry quickly outstrips everyone in the class in Potions, creating a good deal of dismay among the students and delighting his teacher.<br/><br/>This is one of the sub-plots of the story, of course.  We also have Voldemort out in the world, making a mess out of things in both the magical and Muggle world.  The Prime Minister of Magic has to contact the Muggle Prime Minister and notify him of the problem because it has become so bad.  This scene, taking place early on in the book, is actually quite amusing.<br/><br/>Our characters continue to grow and change.  There are a lot of deaths in this book - it continues the darker path broken in the past couple of books.  This series, in the way it has developed, is not really for the younger set unless they have been well-tutored in the matter of the Circle of Life and Death.  It is all part of the story and necessary, but it is very difficult to bear at times, and I suppose that is the point.  Very well done and well-written.  Bravo.<br/><br/>I look forward to getting my hands on the final book (as soon as my husband finishes it!)
 Harry Potter books are very personal to me.  I sincerely believe that were it not for Harry, I wouldn't be a children's librarian today.  I first discovered him in England in 1999, just before he hit mainstream America and become a Yankee "phenomenon".  Before anyone else in the U.S. had heard of Harry, his books felt like something I couldn't imagine sharing with strangers.  I think that there are millions of people out there who feel the same way too.  When a new Harry Potter book comes out we all go out and buy it and read it as quickly as possible because we can't stand the thought that someone else in the world (aside from Ms. Rowling herself) knows what's going to happen.  Due to certain reviewers and spoilers, I had a vague idea of what the big finish of this tale was going to be.  What I could never have counted on was how exciting the ride was getting there.  Rowling's back, babies.  And her latest Harry Potter is the best since "Prisoner of Azkaban".<br/><br/>Like most wars on terror, the one currently being waged against not-dead-anymore-Lord-Voldemort isn't going too smoothly.  Remember Cornelius Fudge?  Well he's been sacked.  There are random deaths appearing everywhere, the Dementors have joined Voldemort, the giants are on his side, and even the werewolves are going for the evil new leader.  Harry, on the other hand, is in heaven.  After less than a month with the Dursleys he's been spirited away (by Dumbledore personally) to live with the Weasleys and enjoy himself.  He's even met the new Potions teacher at Hogwarts (Snape having finally moved up in the world to the job he's always dreamed of - Defense Against the Dark Arts).  Things might be smooth this year at Hogwarts, but Harry is quickly becoming obsessed with what Malfoy's up to.  And then Harry is given an Advanced Potions book once belonging to someone called the Half Blood Prince that offers him fabulous potion and spell-casting advice at all times.  It is undoubtedly going to be a year he never forgets.<br/><br/>I'm not so mature that I didn't feel a little pleased to have figured out who the Half-Blood Prince was by clues left in "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix".  Certain kids will definitely be just as delighted as well when they figure it out.  Unlike the last two Harry books (which, no matter how much you enjoyed them, definitely dragged) "Half-Blood Prince" is tightly written and Rowling at her best.  She juggles perfectly her humor (Fred and George's gag shop is not only an inventive hit but a hilarious one as well) with some truly meaningful moments between Harry and Dumbledore.  There's even a flashback to Voldemort's mother that appears to be almost identical to a scene in "Oliver Twist".  With Voldemort in the role of Oliver.  Romance fans will finally see a little action occurring between certain characters (some you'd never suspect it of).  Best of all, however, are the down times.  Rowling is a genius at making you want to pack your bags and go to Hogwarts to be friends with Harry and his crew.  Though certain authors like to put-down Rowling for not being a "real" author, no one who pens as perfect a sense of camaraderie as she does can be called anything but a genius with her words.<br/><br/>But it is dark.  Very very very dark.  Oh it doesn't seem so at first.  Then you get to the last 100 pages and there's a scene (which I shall not describe because I found it truly horrific in every sense of the word) that will leave children under the age of 10 huddled under their bedsheets whimpering.  Normally I'm a fan of listening to all the Harry Potter books on CD as read by Jim Dale.  Because of this scene, I think I'll be eschewing Dale's rendition this time.<br/><br/>The book does raise more questions than it answers, true.  There are certainly tons of details out there that we need to know more about.  But I remain confident that Rowling is a wonderful enough writer to be fully up to the task.  "Half-Blood Prince" will leave you feeling as though you've been through as many trials and tribulations as Harry.  The only thing you'll be regretting by the story's end is the fact that now you've only one more book in the series to look forward to in the future.  A crushing thought indeed.
 I've got to admit, as the Potter series continues, it only gets better. The Half-blood Prince grabs your attention from the start and unfolds into the darkest of the series. This book contains many twists and turns, most of which leave the reader wanting to find out more. What makes this book different from the others is that there are quite a few surprises as characters reveal personalities that may not have been fully unveiled previously and this, in turn, leads to a highly fascinating read. I'm afraid that I have to admit, I was about to put the book down before calling it a night, with about 100 pages to go and simply couldn't - the story became so enthralling that I just had to go on to finish it! I don't think that there is any question (at least in my mind), that Half-blood Prince, is the best of the series so far. As with all good series, this one left with a real cliff-hanger - I'm only glad that I waited until the Rowling finished the series - that way, I don't have to wait for the next one to come out: I've already started the final book. Got to get back to my reading!
 Harry Potter is back at Hogwarts, but all is not well in the continuing battle against 'he who must not be named.' Harry may be the annointed one, but Lord Voldemort is intent on proving the prophesy true--by ensuring that Harry does not survive their next meeting.<br/><br/>Harry is back together with Hermione and Ron--who can't quite get it together. The game Quidditch plays a major role (with Harry having become captain of the team), and Harry has strange feelings toward the once bothersome and now all-too-popular Ginny (his best friend's sister). But Harry also suffers from the attentions of a new professor--one who is intent on bringing all of the future leaders together in his 'slug club,' and his certainty that both Snake and Malfoy are up to no good and definitely cannot be trusted. Even Hermione and Ron desert him on this particular fixation, but Harry pursues the facts to support his guesses, nevertheless.<br/><br/>Author J. K. Rowling mixes coming of age, plenty of magic, and some wry political commentary in an exciting and readable package. Favorite characters are back (although there's sadly less of Hagrid than I would have liked), growing older and more mature. Kissing becomes a bit more common as Harry and the others reach 16. The death of a major character at a crisis point late in the story isn't completely unexpected, but it does introduce a note of sadness.<br/><br/>HARRY POTTER AND THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE is a bit different from the earlier books in the series. It doesn't stand alone nearly as well as the other books. Without an understanding of the characters and Rowling's magical world, parts of the story will make little sense. The book also starts a bit slowly, with a stage-setting scene in the British (muggle) Prime Minister's office. Still, once Rowling gets going, this is a hard book to put down.<br/><br/>Fans of the Harry Potter series will definitely enjoy this one. If you aren't a fan yet, you will probably do better starting with the earlier stories and working your way up to this definitely less cheery story.
 I don't often read fiction. I have enjoyed this series even though I just reached middle-age and thought I'd see what the fuss was about. Then I just kept reading each book as it came out.<br/><br/>It was fun to read a kid's book as a diversion and the topics of living in a magical world had a sense of wonder I could escape into. Yet the glow wore thin on the last couple of Harry's titles. Harry and crew had become 'whiney' and unlikable. The turmoil over 'who is going-out with who' took much away and became a distraction. While I read, I found I didn't care about the charactors. The quality for this book changed all that. Even the teenage crushes and pouting about the school had not dragged the story down as in the last two books.<br/><br/>The core relationship between Dumbledore and Harry is the glue that makes this book special. The older teacher finally steps forward as mentor and Harry is ushered into manhood during the final chapter.<br/><br/>Oddly, the two charactors that I found interesting have been Prof. Snape and young Malfoy- two of the most unlikable guys in the whole series- but with nothing much to do except be irritating to the main charactors. We all know they figure strongly in the coming story but the payload was always at arm's length. The wait was well worth it.<br/><br/>I hope that there is a chance to redeem Snape and Malfoy in the seventh title. Snape and Dumbledore really are friends and confidants through much of the series- for Snape the headmaster appears to be his only true friend. Dumbledore lives in a world of possibilities and works to introduce Harry to this.<br/><br/>Snape lives in a pessimistic world and so does young Malfoy- they should be the darker reflection to the relationship between Dumbledore and Potter.<br/><br/>While Snape has a manner which seems unforgiving and harsh, he has displayed real concern for student's welfare in the past. Yet with this book, everything changes, larger roles and schemes  are in play. Nothing will ever be the same.<br/><br/>Two Questions:<br/><br/>In each title, Harry is faced with deeper loss. Death plays a hand at each level. Yet, in a world of magic can someone ever be truely dead? Voldemort has come back to the living. Can all the dearly- departed who have been taken from Harry be restored as well? Just a thought....<br/><br/>And who will finally fill the teaching position of Defense against the Dark Arts at Hogwarts? My guess is somebody with the initials H.P.<br/><br/>Pay the extra money and get the CD version, Jim Dale's performance made this title so exciting I couldn't sleep after the epic battle or the revelations in the final chapters of the book. I cheat and reformat the discs into MP3s I can play on those tiny players. At 17 discs expect to spend nineteen hours or better listening about Harry and crew, but Dale makes much of this fun with a delivery that makes us think he is smiling and laughing through most of it.
 some how i received a copy of this book that often, including in the 'other titles available of harry potter series', mentions the "Philosopher's Stone"???????  Um... was the first book renamed or something? It happens about 6 or 7 times.  Maybe i'm missing something?<br/><br/>excuse me if this review seems a little lacking itself but there just isn't any way around it with this story.  i did like this book, but certainly not as much as the others. it was good to hear a little more about voldy's history.  its not horrible but i was definately expecting more.  At first I passed off the character's personality deviations as them just being teenagers. if you look at it from that i would say that she did a fine job of it, but i wonder if it was done on purpose because some of the non-teenagers seemed to be a bit off themselves.  i think snape's character remained the same. although one reader said that harry has become more hotheaded &amp; stubborn, again that's a teenage trait (not all &amp; certainly not limited to teenagers) but most of you know what i am talking about.  the hermoine &amp; ron thing was set up from almost the beginning, i have been waiting for that awhile. maybe im making excuses for rowling but the teenage years are very hard for some.  you know their front lobe (where reasoning occurs) is just starting to develop.  there were a few times when i did feel the old warmth for the characters.
 I decided to wait a few days after finishing HARRY POTTER AND THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE (Book Six) before writing a review, just to give myself time to recover from the cliffhanger-like ending.  Some people loved this book; others hated it.  I personally thought it was engrossing and read it within a 24-hour period.<br/><br/>It's true that the book is more about Voldemort's history than anything else, but I enjoyed that aspect of it completely.  In fact, I started to feel sympathetic toward him.  To me, good-versus-evil stories are much more fascinating when there are shades of gray; in PRINCE, Rowling went out of her way to give Voldemort a rich background and complexity not seen in the first 5 books.  He is no longer just "the evil character," but a "real" character now.  In that regard, Snape is growing as well.  In PRINCE, Harry learns some things about him that are just shocking.  The one that stands out most vividly in my mind is Harry's unwitting realization that he looked upon Snape as a friend (surely Rowling did not write that as an accident).  While Snape has almost always come across as Harry's nemesis, I have to agree with Dumbledore that Snape isn't as evil or suspicious as everyone thinks he is, no matter what happened in PRINCE.  Rather, he's become one of the most intriguing characters in the Potter series.  I'm so looking forward to seeing what happens between Snape and Harry in Book Seven.<br/><br/>Anyway, here's a couple wrap-up thoughts on PRINCE.  First and foremost, I'd recommend that people reread ORDER OF THE PHOENIX (Book 5) before reading PRINCE, since there are many secondary characters/plot elements from PHOENIX that are mentioned or pop up randomly in PRINCE.  Also, it must be remembered that Harry and his friends are teenagers now, so Harry (realistically) still suffers from a little angst, while everyone else is going girl or boy crazy.  Finally, this is the darkest book in the series so far, though it does have its laugh-out-loud comic moments.  In fact, PRINCE does depart a bit from the standard Potter storyline (for instance, we don't see too much of the Dursleys or Quidditch), but that's fine.  The books are maturing with Harry, and Harry has a lot more to worry about than grumpy relatives or playing games.<br/><br/>All in all, I think PRINCE was a fascinating read, not only in that it provoked new reactions and feelings about certain characters, but it also has made me ridiculously anxious to read the final book in the series.  Please, Ms. Rowling, write it soon!
 If you've read the previous books you'll know that Voldemort is becoming more and more powerful. So this book begins with a chapter set inside 10 Downing Street - things are becoming so serious that the British Prime Minister is having to be frequently updated on how bad the situation is.<br/><br/>As vivid signs of how grim things are , the Weasley clock - which indicates the location of each family member - has every single one of its nine hands pointing at "mortal peril", Dumbledore himself has suffered a mysterious but painful injury to one of his hands, and a five year old child is killed by a werewolf.<br/><br/>Still, life goes on at Hogwarts. There's a lot of studying, a lot of Quidditch and almost as much snogging.<br/><br/>As the school year goes by, Harry tries to keep an eye on Draco Malfoy, whom he believes is now a fully-fledged Death Eater ... and events lead to a dreadful climax...<br/><br/>So that's basically the plot. But is it a really good book? Well, at over 600 pages it's certainly a looong book - some might say a bit too long. If you haven't read at least some of the previous books you might be a little lost at times. But there are one or two really surprising twists in the plot, the  storyline holds together pretty well and the closing chapters set things up splendidly for the final book to come.<br/><br/>My favorite quote from the book:<br/><br/>"In spite of all the temptation you have endured, all the suffering , you remain pure of heart , just as pure as you were at the age of eleven, when you stared into a mirror that reflected your heart's desire, and it showed you only the way to thwart Lord Voldemort, and not immortality or riches. Harry, have you any idea how few wizards could have seen what you saw in that mirror?"
 I’m a bit ashamed that this took me 3 months to reread, but I think subconsciously I was avoiding what I knew was coming (The Phoenix Lament).  The story is much m ore nuanced than I remember.  It solidifies the bond between Harry and Dumbledore and gives more background on Voldemort, his youth, and his family.  This book defines Harry’s loyalty to his mentor and his conviction to fulfill Dumbledore’s mission.  But darn it if I didn’t hate how it had to end.  “…the last and greatest of his protectors had died, and he was more alone than he had ever been before.”
 I'm a Harry Potter/JKR fan and have followed the books since their inception, but was disappointed in this latest installment. I felt the narrative fell flat and the quirky turn of phrase I associate with this author, the subtle humor and all-around "Britishness" of the narration has been lost. I'm guessing that either the editing team has changed, much of the detail that would make the scenes snap was cut in the interest of space, or that in rushing to pull together various storylines and character developments, JKR had to take a shallower, less organized dip into her world this time. Please let it not be true that the American edition was changed to remove colloquialisms, unfamiliar word use or to avoid confusing the non-British reader...!<br/><br/>The book's characters behave in odd ways (yes, many are growing up,) that leave me shaking my head: Dumbledore's usual indirect treatment of Harry and typical modest demeanor seemed to wither with his injured hand. The depictions of Hermione, Ron, Hagrid and the Dursleys (great place for some humor to relieve the tone,) seemed confused and irregular with odd flashes of emotion and reactions to some unseen stimuli. I cringed at the inane sprinkling of "'init?" around the dialog.<br/><br/>If I were grading this story from a budding fiction writer, I would comment:<br/><br/>  --keep to a minimum scenes that include descriptions,  travelling places, and conversations that are not key to the story. For example, it's very clear from a few sentences that when not at Hogwarts, Snape lives in a decrepit house in a dismal area. Likewise the opening scene with the "other minister" drags on unnecessarily. Try to fit important background information into scenes with action.<br/><br/>  --avoid excessive summary of scenes that happen outside the reader's access; Harry's interludes with his new girlfriend since they are primarily described from afar, leave us less than engaged when their relationship is threatened.<br/><br/>  --characterization and development of characters needs to have consistency and a believable progression. This includes dialog, behavior, personal histories, etc. Try using a chart, outline or other device to keep this flowing. In editing be sure that core characteristics and motivations are not lost.<br/><br/>  --try to attempt only the number of plot lines that you can successfully flesh out. Keep to a minimum the dead ends and irrelevant bits of information. It's not messy real-life but an invented world. Percy and the Minister of Magic showing up at the Burrow while interesting, is unlikely and leads to very little of importance to the plot. Since we've already met the new Minister, we know enough of him for the story so far. If the purpose is to re-connect Percy with his family, much better to do so later when the motivation appears as one member has been gravely injured. On the same line, the few new magical items introduced are tossed in with little of the expected explanation. The exception is, of course, the Horcrux. But the elaborate means Harry must use to gain access to memory involving Voldemort and the emphasis placed on this by Dumbledore belies the value of the information they gain; Voldemort is using a Horcrux but that was already surmised, correct?<br/><br/>The overall tone and conclusion of HBP is dark indeed. I have no troubles with that because the times being described are bleak and dangerous. The climax is exciting and the results are heart-breaking. I think JKR is at her best in thrilling action sequences like the final scenes that draw you completely into her world. I'm looking forward to Book 7 (and beyond?) However, I think the peak of this series may have passed with Books 3-4.
 The newest addition of Harry Potter is darker and racier than previous books have been.  New loves are found and lost and maybe found again.  The humor that the Weasley twins brought out is absent and the book remains serious throughout.  Harry is back to being curious and able to find trouble Harry, and he is not as angsty as he was in the series' previous incarnation.  Ron and Hermione are rocks that are unchanging.  Malfoy strangely absent for most of the book, is given more depth when he is brought to the forefront.  Most people will hate Snape more after this story, but I believe that there are hints of character development in Rowling's writing of him.  This book brings about great changes for Harry, and by the end, the series is turned on its head.  The series, as originally planned, was only supposed to follow Harry through his seven years at Hogwarts.  This does not look to be the plan anymore, as the ending of the book opens the story up past the enchanted halls of Hogwarts.  Let us hope that Rowling does not get bogged down like Jordan has and is able to take us to the last battle in a reasonable amount of time.<br/><br/>Rowlings writing is improving vastly.  The complexity of the story and number of characters demand it.  She rises to the challenge almost effortlessly.  She makes some hard decisions that she will likely take some pretty harsh criticism for, and the story, along with the characters, is more grown up.  The magical world of Halloween feasts is gone in this book and is replaced by a world in fear of the very magic it cherishes.<br/><br/>This book has some mature themes in it, and is therefore recommended for teenagers and up.  If you have a younger child that wants to read the book, I would recommend reading it yourself first.  If you are a fan of the series you will love this book.  If you hated the last book, you will not hate this one.  Rowling recovers nicely in this book.
 I never thought I'd hear myself saying that, having finished the book a little over an hour &amp; a half ago. But I'm definitely a convert now, and can quite see myself queuing up to get the next &amp; last book in a few years, or however long it takes for JK to get her finger out. I've read all six books in a few weeks, and now i'm stuck as to what to read. What am I gonna do?<br/><br/>Having read Order Of The Phoenix and Half Blood Prince practically back-to-back, I have to say the much-hyped death in this will come as no surprise to people who read too much into Order Of The Phoenix. There are plenty of hints throughout, and it's also hinted at in Half Blood Prince. I have to say, I did find out who died beforehand, but it seemed a bit of an anti-climax. But I was still teary.<br/><br/>I managed to finish this book in just under 2 days, and finished off the second half on a lazy sunny Sunday afternoon in my back garden, with no distractions. (Apart from a wasp who appeared to be drinking out of the birdbath.) I can't understand how people buy this, and then read it in a few hours - my head is still spinning after reading only half of it in two hours. This is definitely the best of the books, not as long as Order Of The Phoenix, and a lot more adult-orientated. "Won Won" finally gets his first girlfriend, although she seems a bit of a bunny boiler and definitely not who I wanted her to be; Harry also gets a girlfriend, although it's accompanied by a lot of agonising and fear; Hermione gets a touch of the green-eyed monster; Hagrid has a brother and much more. This book is definitely aimed more at the adults, although it never goes any further than kissing, there is a word used in it to describe a girl in not a very nice way. How are kids supposed to understand this?<br/><br/>I think, that if JK wanted to, she could quite happily not write another Harry Potter book, leave Half Blood Prince as the last book, and go and count her millions. I felt there was a lot of hints that there might NOT be another Harry Potter book, although if there wasn't, there would still be things left hanging. It would leave plenty of fans frustrated, but JK has always said she would only write 7 books - the sixth could be the final, if she decided to.<br/><br/>There's a lot that happens in this book, and there's not a dull point, although the Quidditch matches are getting slightly tedious now.<br/><br/>And who's the Half Blood Prince? I have to say I was shocked when I found out, although the Half Blood Prince(ss) helps Harry a lot, which Hermione definitely doesn't like.<br/><br/>Read the book, and then tap your fingers (im)patiently while you wait for the final book. If it comes.
 I have recently gotten into providing reviews for books I have read on Borders.Com &amp; Amazon.com.  It has dawned on me that I have not gotten around to reviewing any books from this marvelous series.  I am going to change that all by commenting on the sixth book in this series: Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.  It amazes me that with the level of sophistication involved in these stories that some people still mistakenly believe that they are kids books.  Although children and adults of all ages love the books, I find them a very rich and rewarding read, every bit as enthralling as anything else available at any given time.  In this book the Wizard War continues as various factions take hold.  The story continues to evolve and that may cause some to long for the days when Harry was just making new friends and learning about his powers.  However, this very enjoyable read has set the table for what promises to be a fantastic conclusion to the series.  As much as I am looking forward to book seven, I am secretly dreading its arrival as that will mean this wonderful ride from the Brilliant Ms. Rowling will have ended.
 "The Half-Blood Prince" is not the best in the Harry Potter series.  That honor belongs to the dark, raging and angst-ridden "Order of the Phoenix." But even when J.K. Rowling fails to reach her highest level, she still writes with heart, humor and passion rarely seen in any genre of literature.  Much of the reason why Harry Potter is so endearing is because Rowling staunchly refuses to give in to the boundries of her genre.  She establishes her own rules of what childrens' fantasy can and cannot be.  It can be dark, dangerous and ambiguous.  No character is immune from tragedy or conflict,  The story can hit close to home and have parallels to modern day.  She refuses to condesend to her readers, especially those who have grown up with the Potter series.  They are older, more mature and the story reflects that with uncertain, sinister overtones that tell the story of a war, a war in which the enemy is calculating, ruthless and merciless.  But is an enemy who's motives, history and invincibility are more than they appear, as young Harry will learn is private lessons with his beloved mentor, Dumbledore.<br/><br/>But before Harry returns to Hogwartz, he is still recovering from the death of Sirius Black, one of the last links he has to his parents and that the fact he will ultimately be the one to kill Lord Voledmort, if he ever does.  Though in the short time between the events of "Phoenix," Harry has matured and has learned to accept his role in what he has to do in the future.  Though the war with Voledmort is not going too well.  The Ministry of Magic is playing politics with the threat, arresting people on little or no evidence to give the impression that progress is being made against the Dark Lord and his notorious Death Eaters, who are causing havoc and mayhem all over the country, using everything from giants, vicious werewolves and reanimated corpses.  But Harry thinks that he and the Wizarding world can remain vigilant with Dumbledore on their side and the relative safety of Hogwartz.  The story gets murkier has Harry is sure Snape and Malfoy are concocting a plan right under Dumbledore's nose, taking advantage of Dumbledore's weakness of always trusting the best in people, even if that side of them is either dormant or crippled.  Dumbledore shows signs of physical weakness as well.  He is slower, less reactive and hides a blackened, emaciated hand.  But Dumbledore also shows signs of tenacity and grit beneath his usually quiet, casual exterior and it is through Dumbledore that Harry learns the history of Voledmort, which inculdes dark wizardry, incest, betrayal and abandonment, all before he was even born.  But Harry also learns that there is way to fight Voledmort in a truly effective way, and it may even bring about his downfall.<br/><br/>Rowling may be leaning heavily on the weighter, darker issues, but she still knows how to develop her characters in subtle and funny ways.  The relationship between Harry, Ron and Hermione is absolutely golden, and even when a rift puts a wedge between Ron and Hermione due a budding romance (and there are a plethora of them) Rowling still finds a way to keep their stories interesting and humorous.  She also finds time to add depth and dimension to the evil of the books.  Malfoy becomes not just cocky and arrogant, but shows vulnerability throughout the story.  And the motives and allegiance of Snape is put in doubt, and it only becomes clear where his loyalties lies in the books devastating climax.<br/><br/>Page after page, chapter after chapter are testaments to the immensely detailed and realistic characters Rowling has created, all of which are sure to endure.  But that is not say the Rowling is flawless.  The revelation of who the Half-blood prince is is rather anit-climatic, and the subplot of a whiny Quidditch player named Mclaggen feels rather over-emphasized.  But what Rowling does wrong, she gets ten times as much right.  The last 150 pages are impossible to put down, going from hard won victory to bitter tragedy.  "The Half-Blood Prince" lends itself to repeat reads, which will hold readers over until the seventh book, which promises to be one hell of finale.
 Harry enters his sixth year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry having endured more than one man could endure in a lifetime. A somber, fearful air envelops the wizarding community for now everyone knows they are at war with a dark wizard and his deadly followers. But it is the war within each character that Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince will focus on, the war between the choices we make and the people we wish to become.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince begins in darkness, bearing witness to the dark days ahead of wizards and muggles alike. Each newspaper brings news of terror and horror across the nation, and Harry and his friends read each article fearful of finding someone they know has died at Voldemort's hands. The intensity increases as Harry takes lessons with his headmaster, learning the truth behind the current dark times.<br/><br/>What's more, Harry is quickly approaching manhood, his thoughts no longer dominated by childish ignorance or teenage angst. His wounds from previous tribulations have earned him a place as a young adult, but still much of his pride remains.<br/><br/>The war within Harry is a familiar one. Whereas Dumbledore once said that the choices one makes define a person far more than a man's abilities, Harry must discover this in deeper ways than ever before. Loyalty, love, and hope are all cornerstones of the man Harry wishes to become, but what of ambition, jealousy, and fear?<br/><br/>Harry is not the only one fighting an internal war. Many of Rowling's characters must now face the same questions as Harry, and each will reach their own conclusions. Rowling takes a journey through the human soul as previously static characters develop into life-like, dynamic individuals. Some will choose the journey of love, and others will choose the journey of ambition. Some will choose exactly where their unyielding loyalties lie, and some will choose another path.<br/><br/>There is little to complain about in this book. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is shorter than previous books, but it is also more concise. The action flows better. Though much of the book may still seem formulaic, it's definitely an improvement over the last four books of the Harry Potter series.<br/><br/>There were a few plot holes, moments when I found myself in complete disbelief, but it was mostly a well-constructed plot. Perhaps best of all, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is filled with more answers than questions, a shift from its predecessors. The book is more predictable than one expects from J. K. Rowling, but the magnificent writing makes up for this.<br/><br/>My main complaint is that Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is not for children. It is at least as dark as Harry Potter and The Order of the Phoenix (Book 5) and filled with teenage innuendo and situations. At the very least parents should read the book with their kids, ready to answer any awkward questions.<br/><br/>I do believe, however, that Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is brilliant. It is by far the best of the series. The characters are dynamic, the action is intense, and the writing itself is superb. The book made me laugh and cry as I anxiously turned each page to find out how everything would play out. I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It easily earns five stars. Simply put, outstanding!
 This is the sixth volume of J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series, and for those who've read the previous five books, both her strengths and weaknesses as an author should be familiar territory. In general terms, not much is different about this book, so diehard fans will likely be pleased while critics will still have much to say against it.<br/><br/>I find myself somewhere in the middle. Though I think "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" was my favorite, I've enjoyed each of the Harry Potter books, including this one. I really appreciate how Rowling creates characters that you can identify with and feel for. Most of her characters aren't cardboard cutouts, but careful portraits with depth and a sense of someone who could almost leap off the page. Her stories are increasingly intricate, involving more and more of the world outside Hogwarts (though she did seem to pull back from that a little in this book) and sub-plots abound. Her sense of humour is as present here as it ever was, with lots of little details that, while not adding much to the overall story, are very amusing in themselves. And her imagination, as always, is in high evidence here, suffusing the book with a sense of wonder that's good for all ages.<br/><br/>Oddly enough, some of these strengths also lead to the weaknesses, when overplayed or used poorly. Her usually-strong characters make it easier to see the ones she has put there just to cast away again...these are the people who we don't get to know as well, whose motivations don't matter because they won't be around for too long, for one reason or another. The intricacy of the story has led to a lot of dead ends, and this is the case more and more as the series continues. If it's intentional, then it means Rowling is throwing out a lot of red herrings, and if it's not, it means she's going down a lot of blind alleys and we're following blithely along, the blind leading the blind. I started feeling this way about the fourth book, "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire," where the plots started to feel a bit too thick, the sidetracks many and without much point. The fifth book had even more times like this, whole chapters it seemed, so much so that I had a hard time getting through the book. And the same is true of this book. There are 200 pages or so right in the middle where some things are happening, but much of it is repititious of what has come before and not at all needed to further the story. Rowling still hasn't learned the lesson that, often, less is more. Quite the opposite, she seems to be packing each succeeding volume with more and more needless detail, while I'd rather she skipped the third or fourth description of two characters snogging in the common room and moved on with the story. It's funny, but it does get tiresome, and it doesn't serve the overall plot thread at all.<br/><br/>Still, there's much here to enjoy, and the last 200 pages (where everything starts to happen in all of her books) make me want to keep reading. In this book, Harry learns a lot more about Voldemort, as he and Dumbledore join forces more than they ever have to get to the bottom of the Dark Lord's rise to power and to try to discover a weakness. Mysteries abound; a new and surprising Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher is chosen, Harry learns the effect of strange new spells like Sectumsempra and Levicorpus, the discovery of what a Horcrux is leads Dumbledore and Harry closer to Voldemort's nature, and of course, the identity of the Half-Blood Prince is sought. By the end of this book, some things are resolved but much work remains for Harry, the future of Hogwarts is hazy, and clearly things are drawing to a close, one way or another.<br/><br/>Another thing Rowling does well: she really knows how to leave her readers wanting more. At the end of each book, I am anxious to read the next one, and "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is no exception. Obviously, much of the sixth book exists to set things up for the seventh, and final, book in ther series. It should be, to say the least, interesting.
 I just finished this book yesterday and was completely heartbroken by its conclusion.  I was forewarned of the deaths in Books 5 &amp; 6, but that didn't make them any less disturbing.  Some of my friends have "conspiracy theories" about the principal character's death in the 6th book.  Is he really dead?  Will the phoenix's lament and tears revive this character?  Is Snape still a good guy?  Was Snape acting on the unbreakable vow, even though Draco was backing down and considering alternatives (and Draco/Snape's victim was unarmed)?  The questions and considerations go on and on.  A woman I work with said she heard on a NPR interview that J.K. Rowling is still planning on using the original last chapter of the final book that she sketched when she first started writing the series.  I'll bet that Rowling's children (I hear she has three children now--the ones who are old enough) will intercede on Harry's behalf and beg for his victory.  If they don't, I will!<br/><br/>Harry and Ginny become romantically involved, but Harry breaks it off in order to protect her and focus in on tracking down Voldemort and the remainder of his split soul (4 horcruxes left). Ron's brother Bill gets bit by the head werewolf; however, he isn't bitten on a full-moon night, so he's spared the usual symptoms.  Bill Weasley's face becomes disfigured, but Fleur still wants to go ahead with the marriage b/c "she's good-looking enough for both of them." (One of the only times I remember laughing during the entire book was when we are told that Bill Weasley seemed basically normal with the exception of his recent cravings for very rare meat. Oh, another time I laughed was when Professor Slughorn thought Harry a very clever wiseguy for presenting him with a bezoar when he couldn't come up with the proper cure-all, antidote potion. Despite Harry's negative experiences in Potions with Snape, Slughorn believed Harry a natural, having no idea that Harry was using tips from "The Half-Blood Prince" in his class.)<br/><br/>I can't help but feel sympathy for Tom Riddle's mother. She no longer had it in her heart to give the squire's son the love potion. When the potion was out of his system, Tom Riddle, Sr., abandoned the pregnant witch. After being browbeaten her entire life, Merope no longer desired to live after giving birth to her son.<br/><br/>After the new Minister of Magic unsuccessfully tries to use Harry as a "mascot," Scrimgeour accuses Harry of being "Dumbledore's Man."  Harry responds that he is Dumbledore's man through and through.  When Harry tells Dumbledore of this meeting, the headmaster becomes teary-eyed by Harry's allegiance and love for him. I thought this scene one of the book's most beautiful moments.<br/><br/>Harry initially worried about how his friends would perceive him. Did they think him contaminated b/c he was unwittingly involved in so many horrific situations, and more than once, framed to look like he was in league with Voldemort?  Fortunately, his friends welcomed him the same as ever and recognized him as the hero he is.<br/><br/>Like Ron, I think Luna is a simultaneously charming and wacky character.  Embarrassingly enough, I can see my uncouth, eighth-grade self in her.<br/><br/>This book seems darker than its predecessors, yet it leaves us wanting more and hungering for resolution. Brava to Rowlings for creating such dynamic characters; the fantastical backdrop doesn't prevent us from emotionally investing in these characters and seeing the "reality" of their predicaments (growing pains, facing your fears, loss, grief, and following through with your responsibilities--much like Frodo's duty of "ringbearer").
 I make no pretenses about the fact that I love this series from beginning to end. I have loved watching Harry and his mates grow, learn, change, and become real people learning hard life lessons.  Having said that, this sixth installment is by far the most complex, dark, and real of all.<br/><br/>For me, it would have been hard to top the 4th book which has remained my favorite up until now.  However, this one is so much more emotionally vibrant without being over-stated that I applaud Rowling for her growing capacity to weave a wonderful story through characters who have been molded and crafted over time.  These are not just the "fun adventures of little kids dabbling in magic" anymore.  With the reappearance of Lord Voldemort and the Death Eaters as a real force, not just a remembered one, Harry's destiny becomes much clearer; the reader is left to realize how dark this tale could end up.  I finished feeling a little scared for every non-Muggle in Harry's world and I loved that.<br/><br/>I liked everything about this book.  The others have been ultimately focused on the action in which the characters partake.  This, however, was much more about the emotion, which I think is the next dimension to understanding the greatest villain ever written.  This shift goes right along with the way Voldemort works: he scares people.  Sometimes he has to do it through action, but mostly it's just the thought of him that induces fear.  That is subtle and this entire books revolves around that subtlety. We learn his history as Harry does; the battle now becomes three-dimensional as intellect must be paired with the bravery that Harry has so embodied up to this point.<br/><br/>I can't wait for the last in this series, but honestly, I'm glad it will take awhile.  I need some time to recover...and, of course, to re-read.
 I just finished "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince " ten minutes ago and I have to say, JK Rowling, THANK YOU.<br/><br/>You have restored (after an unusually slow, but decent nonetheless, fifth offering) the Harry Potter series to the absolute top of the tree.<br/><br/>This, people, is absolutely the best book in the revered Harry Potter series for a number of reasons, the most impressive of which is the pace.<br/><br/>Here is a book that starts as it means to go on - interesting, funny, dark, and absolutely riveting.<br/><br/>Harry's dealings with his peers have matured appropriately - the kids are all sixteen now - and, thankfully, the dark, moody and broody Harry from "Phoenix" is gone, replaced with a more mature version of the Harry we all know and love. The supporting cast - Hermoine, Ron, the clan Weasley, and all the rest - have almost peaked with this penultimate chapter in the Serial. Rowling knows her characters, obviously, and loves them enough to take great care in their development as individual and recognisable people.<br/><br/>The plot - and there will be NO SPOILERS CONTAINED HEREIN!! - bears all the hallmarks of Rowling - tight, beautifully descriptive and with twists and surprises that are understated and unannounced - and all the better for it.<br/><br/>I can't tell you how good this novel actually is. Rowling's Zenith (to date) also proves to be Harry's most worthwhile adventure. Yes, it's darker - actually a little scary in places, and I'm a twenty-six year old man! - but conversely, funnier, more intelligently-told and, all in all, a far more rewarding experience than its more simplistic predecessors, particularly the ultimately chilling "Order of the Phoenix".<br/><br/>Get it now. No questions!!
 What an amazing novel.  I will be the first to admit that I didn't start out as a Harry Potter lover.  The first two books didn't do too much for me.  It wasn't until the third novel (and the pitch perfect movie) that I was completely and utterly hooked.  My love for this series has grown from that point to this penultimate novel.<br/><br/>And what a novel it is.  The Half Blood Prince starts almost where the fifth book left us.  Everything is still in turmoil and in fact getting worse.  It's interesting but the beginning of the novel reminded me of the current climate in our world.  Deaths happening all over the place, everyone facing realities that we are in fact under a war.  The news hyping up every single death so that even little children are reading the papers looking to see if they know someone who has died.  Standing between Voldemort and his forces of evil are wizards who normal people don't really even know exist.  What a perfect parallel to our time.<br/><br/>The action continues from there and picks up exceedingly.  In fact, we can really see an increase in Rowling's writing.  Unlike the last book which occasionally was bogged down by details and some sections that probably could have been shortened, The Half-Blood Prince moves at a brisk pace.  At almost 660 pages, it is pure plot.  I was completely entertained the entire way through.  Each chapter provided mysteries and answers to some questions dating back to the very first novel.  The magic number 7 pops up and parallels many themes in this novel.  A great great novel.<br/><br/>The dark themes continue in this novel as violence both explicit and implicit takes center stage at times.  It is the most "grown up" of the Harry Potter novels (one character even says "slut" a surprise to me considering the novels earlier lighter feel) and further establishes Rowling as not only the leading children's author but a mean force in the adult fantasy genre.  I hope we can see great things from her after the seventh book (both Harry-wise and other).<br/><br/>The ending is filled with sorrow and hope and a promise of an exciting climax in the seventh novel.  I think it will be difficult to say goodbye to characters we have loved for the last 6 books, but it will be an exciting and great novel.  Book 6 gives us that promise.<br/><br/>It comes greatly recommended.
 I am not what you'd call a Harry Potter fan. I like many of Rowling's ideas and I like magical stories but I'm not thrilled about the main characters but you don't have to be to appreciate and enjoy a good story!<br/><br/>Anyways, I did enjoy reading HP and the Half-Blood Prince and can only recommend it. Here's the scoop: Harry returns to Hogwarts to excel in potions class with the help of uhm, I don't want to tell. Obviously Snape is not teaching potions anymore or else Harry couldn't be its new star pupil. He's also having private 'lessons' with Dumbledore and he's on a mission to figure out what Malfoy is up to. While Dumbledore blieves in Snape's allegiance to the very end Harry is more and more convinced that Snape is in truth loyal to Voldemort. In Harry's private lessons with Dumbledore we find out a lot more about Voldemort which I found very, very interesting. That information foreshadows a great book 7.<br/><br/>You don't have to have read any of the previous books to follow the story line. Everything important you need to know is explained but never in a boring, drawn-out manner. If you've read the previous books you'll enjoy reading about your old favorites be it characters, spells, potions or all of it.
 The book starts out promising and is even enjoyable, watching the character interactions and also the history of Voldemort.  Admittedly, some of the writing stretches the credibility of human behavior.  Why does Snape leave his potions book in potions class knowing the dread things that it contains?  (And why does Potter not recognize the handwriting?)  Why does Dumbledoor drink that potion.  Why not just scoop it out and dump it?  Or get something else to drink it.  Or why not take care of the Inferni before getting the locket?  Why does Dumbledore take several sessions on something he could have explained in 30 minutes?  And his refusal of explaining why his arm was burned simply didn't make any sense except in the sense as to give "mystery" for the reader to ponder.  Some of this is done because the books are plot and theme centric, instead of being logic centric.  The last few chapters were sort of a dissapoinment.  The lack of creativity, and also certain scenes make me wonder if this is a children's book anymore.  Killing off Dumbledore was a mistake in my opinion (I won't go into reasons why, just to say that, at least on a subconscious level, he represented something important).  The big problem, I think is the unavoidable issue that the main characters in the book are growing up and also the fact the the previous books have now painted so firm a picture of what is, that the level of creativity is now stiffled.  Different people liked the first book for different reasons (although, admittedly, the book may have borrowed some things from other books, such as "A Wrinkle in Time").  Once the author keeps on concentrating on different aspects of the first book, she draws in certain members of readers while turning others away.
 Harry potter and the Half Blood Prince is indeed a book to remember. Unlike book 5, it is much darker, and the comedy is at the minimum. Apparently, the war against Voldemort is not prospering and the muggles are noticing suspicous things. However, Harry does get his O.W.L.s back, and he does return to Hogwarts to learn new things, including apparation. Subjects are as difficult as ever, and Harry finds a mysterious old book with notes in it from someone called the Half Blood Prince. THese notes contain everything, from help in the subject he sturggles most with, and mysterious and unexplained incantations.  This, indeed, sounds a bit familiar from book 2, and you'd think Harry would have learned his lesson. In the meantime, Harry goes to Professor Dumbledores office for private lessons. In these lessons, Dumbledore and Harry enter the pensieve, and look upon Voldemort's history, therfore finding the only way to way to defeat him in a mortal way. Many other questions are answered inclding why Dumbledore trusts Snape, and why they haven't been able to keep a defense against the dark arts teacher for more than a year. Harry does suffer a death of someone he really does appreciate, and it really will make you cry.  A tale of romance,  betrayal, adventure, the unexpected, and most of all, Harry Potter, this book is a real page-turner, and I would recommend it for ages 10 AND UP. It does get a little frightening in the chapter THE CAVE. Harry and Dumbledore must battle inferi (dead bodys that are controlled by one person, they're used as puppets basically). This book is something I will always remember, and I highly recommend reading it.
 In the Sixth installment of JK Rowlings Harry Potter series, "The Half-blood Prince", she continues the thrill ride.  As yet another year passes for Harry Potter, of all the changes that have come to him, the trials, difficulties, and changes, this year will bring some of the most ardent yet.<br/><br/>Pro. Dumbledore begins to teach Harry himself, but these private lessons held in the Master's Office are not the lessons that he is use to.  The two takes a 'stroll down memory lane' as it were, reviewing key memories that Dumbledore has managed to collect concerning Voldemort's past and his rise to power.  Together they learn the secret to Voldemort's seeming indestructibility, and devise plans to end the Dark Lord, once and for all.<br/><br/>This is the most compelling of the Harry Potter series yet, the heat begins to get cranked a little higher, and the pressure goes up on Harry and his friends.  The mystery of the "Half-Blood Prince" keeps you guessing right up until the end.<br/><br/>****WARNING, THE REST MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS!!!!****<br/><br/>It was hard reading the end of this book, for somehow I had managed to avoid hearing details of those last few chapters before reading them.  Reading that ending, was one of the hardest things I've read I think.  Rowlings really makes you feel you know these characters, not just Harry and his close friends, but Dumbledore and the other major characters as well.  Standing on the top of that tower, watching helplessly along side Harry as he watches the murder of his mentor, hero, and friend, is nearly heartbreaking.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this story for anyone who is a Harry Potter fan, or just a general fantasy fan(though I suggest reading the first 5 first if you haven't).<br/><br/>RD Williams, author of "The Lost Gate"
 While some people that I know didn't enjoy this volume as much as others in the series, I thought it was excellent.  There have been so many reviews of this book, I'll just state quickly what I liked and disliked.  First, even if it was only at the beginning, I appreciated seeing the story develop from outside of Harry's point of view.  The first few books were told almost exclusively from Harry's point of view, and the chapter Spinner's End was a great example of how these books could move along outside of Harry's direct presence.  The opening chapter about the prime ministers, which was a little less enjoyable upon re-reading, also was a nice change from the Harry perspective.  It also did a great job in summarizing the entire series to date in a way that wasn't pure exposition, something that J.K. Rowling does extremely well.<br/><br/>The new characters were very easy to visualize and had distinct personalities.  Slughorn was great and seemed very genuine to me.  It was also a welcome change to see a Slytherin character that wasn't completely sinister.  From his affinity for the elite to his simple love of crystallized pineapple, he was a complete persona.  Rufus Scrimgeour, though a minor character, was also interesting but personified the continuing distrust of the government that pervades these books.  It's getting a little old, and I hope the Ministry becomes more than just a hindrance in the war against Voldemort.<br/><br/>I loved the idea of the Felix Felicis potion and how Harry uses it to great effect.  That was one of my favorite parts of the book, along with the way Harry allegedly uses it to bolster Ron's confidence at a critical time.  Malfoy finally gets a little more dimension at the end of the book, too, a welcome break from having him play the two-dimensional petty villain who winds up sulking at the end of year feast.<br/><br/>Some people I know did not care for the way a major character died and though he should have gone out in a blaze of glory.  i disagree and think the death was much more believable and characteristic of the person that died.  The twist was well written, proven by how many people are still divided on the issue of Severus Snape.  Where do his loyalties lie?  Everyone has their own theories, although more people seem to be coming to the same conclusion now, but I for one will be looking forward to finally getting the answers in the next and last volume and to find out whether Dumbledore's trust was warranted.<br/><br/>One thing I wasn't too thrilled with was the standard climax that occurs at the end of the school year.  It's not that the climax happens at the end of the year, it's just that it always involves a plot that starts at the beginning of the year but takes until June to finish.  Why can't an evil plot get exposed halfway through the year?  I know that these books retain a certain structure and that they are based around students' lives at a school, but they could avoid a lot of problems at Hogwarts by ending the year early.  It's nitpicking in a way, and that's all I'll say about that.<br/><br/>Finally, the idea of  Voldemort's power being tied up in horcruxes was interesting and makes sense, although it reminded me a lot of a plot point in Taran Wanderer by Lloyd Alexander.  In that book, a character named Morda traps his soul in a piece of his finger bone and hides it away.  Unless the bone is broken he cannot be killed.  It seems J.K. Rowling took this idea to the next level, but even though I have seen the idea of horcruxes before, I still felt that Rowling's writing made the idea her own by building Voldemort's character through the number and type of horcruxes, and also by retracing his life through the journeys into the pensieve.<br/><br/>Over all this book was great.  Maybe not as flawless as Goblet of Fire only because the structure at this point is well set, but it had some great emotional parts, it moved along well and advanced the storyline and the war, even if not to the extent that some people were looking for.  I still wish it had given some more answers about Harry's parents, but the possibility of a visit to Godric's Hollow in book seven may give us the answers we have been waiting for.<br/><br/>Highly recommended.  I can't wait for the final book and the end of Harry's journey.
 Like the reader below who rated this book at one star, I am over 40, but that's the end of our similarities. I have read this book twice now, each time with great satisfaction.<br/><br/>I have read each of the first four books at least five or six times. Book 5, however, I reread only in part. So much of it is unpleasant that I simply skip whole sections-- everything about Umbridge until she turns up in the infirmary, everything about Kreacher, and most of the description of Sirius's home, for example. The only parts of book 5 I really found enjoyable were the parts about the DA, although I did rather enjoy the farewell performance of Fred and George.<br/><br/>Book 6, however, has numerous parts to which I return repeatedly because I enjoy them, such as Fred's reaction to Hermione's compliment on the Daydream Charms. I enjoy the way Harry handles overtures from the Ministry of Magic, Slughorn's lack of shame at being caught masquerading, everything about Felix Felicis, and all of the ending from the time Mr. and Mrs. Weasley arrive at the infirmary to see their son.<br/><br/>I don't agree that the books in the series are becoming darker, as reviewers are fond of saying. I consider that there has been a good deal of darkness in each book in the series. Naturally, more deaths are occurring, but that's to be expected with Voldemort and his Death Eaters out in the open. I would say that the books are becoming richer, a trend I see as starting in book 4. I may not enjoy rereading much of book 5, but it definitely did answer many questions. Book 6, however, not only answers questions, but provides most enjoyable reading.
 I waited a few months after this came out before reading it, and after finishing it, couldn't believe I had waited so long.  I was left with that feeling I always have after finishing a Harry Potter book, one of longing until the next one comes out and trying to get my hands on every bit of Harry Potter information I could.<br/><br/>"The Half-Blood Prince" is an excellent book, however if I had to grade it against the other Harry Potter books, I probably would have given it four stars.  The book simply lacks much of the excitement and suspense of the previous novels, such as "Goblet of Fire."  The book starts off a bit slow, and it's not until the last 75 pages or so that Rowling really takes off and starts to create some suspense.  Between then we're left with the usual Harry Potter fare: Draco hates Harry, Snape hates Harry, Harry doesn't trust Snape, Hermione goes to the library a lot, etc etc.  When this book is made into a film, I can see the first half of it being rather boring.  However in terms of the Harry Potter series, much of this is necessary because the majority of what happens in the book is providing background and setting the reader up for the final novel in the series.  The reader is given a LOT of information on the characters that we didn't know more, especially Voldemort's past.<br/><br/>As a stand-alone book, "Half-Blood Prince" could have used a little more action.  Although I didn't find myself gasping out loud or staying up late because I couldn't stop reading it like I did with previous books, it was a great story and provides useful information for what's sure to be an incredible climax to Ms. Rowling's adventures with Harry.  Potter fans shouldn't be disappointed.
 I just finished reading this book and I am now thoroughly depressed.  I suppose I understand the reason for the death. It would be familiar to say Star Wars fans, the teacher dying so that the student will be forced to manage on his own, in doing so becoming more powerful, but I still dont like it.<br/><br/>I did like, however, the information we have on Voldemort, although some reviewers here obviously thought it not important.  Harry has to find out about Voldemort's past and what drives him to do what he does if he is going to find his weaknesses and a way to defeat him.<br/><br/>That said, the ending is really the best part of the book.  This book is not as good as the last 2, it is, as everyone keeps saying, a way to go from book 5 to book 7.  I think the problem is that Harry really hasnt got that much to deal with at school. No Sorcerer's Stone, Chamber of Secrets, Prizoner of Azkaban, Tri-Wizard Tasks, Rita Skeeter, Grawp, ministry hearings, DA meetings, or Umbridge to worry him this year.  The only thing that would kind of fit in that category is his obsession with what Malfoy is doing, but that isnt too important until the end, and perhaps his need to capture a memory from the new Potions master. But that is really it. I suppose it can be said that this year was just less eventful than the other 5, which I suppose could happen.<br/><br/>The other issue is the romance sprinkled throughout the book.  I understand the Harry-Ginny thing I guess. I always thought that Harry should have liked her anyway. I just wonder why it happened so suddenly. I thought she might have been using a love potion because of her flowery smell that Harry rememebered from the Potions classroom, but there was nothing mentioned of that.<br/><br/>And of course Ronermione (ron and herione ala bennifer for those who didnt get the bad joke.) I dont know why they just cant say what they are thinking, its getting to be irratating, especially since Im nearly certain one of them is going to die in the last book, they had better get a move on.<br/><br/>Aside from that there is the Lupin-Tonks saga, sort of thrown in at the end.  I dont quite know why, maybe to support the idea of love being important, but it didnt really fit. I also didnt like how they were discussing it right after finding out about Dumbledore, I thought they should have been more upset. Maybe people were starting to think that Lupin wasn't  interested in women so Rowling decided to address that.<br/><br/>My last problem, I suppose, is at the very end. Harry says he will not go back to school next year even if it is open. I guess thats not really a story problem, I just dont like the idea of him leaving school before he has taken his N.E.W.T.S. What are they going to do, wonder around searching for Horcruxes all year? That doesnt sound very promising for book 7, no Dumbledore, of course, but then no Hogwarts, or Hagrid or anything??<br/><br/>In conclusion, although it has its pitfalls, this is a great book by most standards and it should not be passed up. I cant believe that anyone would think it is boring because, like all of the other books, I had a hard time putting it down.  I am dying to know what will happen next.
 I haven't read other reviews yet, just wanted to put my own thoughts down on the first reading of this book.<br/><br/>First off, it's really gone off in the direction book 5 started in. Books 1-4 all had a very containable plot - a mystery to be solved, a villain to be foiled. Book 5 had a little less of that, though the whole Occlumency and Prophecy thing did give a plot to be summarized.<br/><br/>HBP has none of that.<br/><br/>Also missing from book 6 are all the little magic touches. No new beasts this year, a few new spells, but no new locales. This is really a plot vehicle, and that's ok.<br/><br/>We get a lot of insight into the characters and how they're changing. The immature 15 year old Harry was often frustrating, the stunned-to-maturity 16 year old Harry is much more rational. You find yourself in his shoes - trying to make the choices he's making.<br/><br/>And you remember, if you're an oldster like me, what it was like to have those raging teenage horomones. It's a tribute - not sure what kind - to Ms. Rowling that she can remember those teenage years and describe them so well.<br/><br/>SPOILERS AHEAD - but not huge ones.<br/><br/>The only disappointment I had, truly, was that it's such a cliffanger.<br/><br/>I find myself thinking of what a blogger said - books 1-5 were like star wars iv, while book 6 is more like empire strikes back... which, many will remember, is often thought of as the best of the Star Wars series. (in the HP series, PoA is still my fave, but I've only just read this one... that might change.)<br/><br/>(*)&gt;
 I ordered this book months ago, waited to get into line for 3 hours, stood in line for another 30 minutes to pick up my copy and then stood in line to pay for it long enough to read most of ths first chapter.  Even though I was old enough to be the parent (or even grandparent) of some of the others in line I felt it was worth it all!<br/><br/>I just finished reading and dried my tears...which is all the spoiler you'll get here! This is wonderful, darker than the earlier books and definitely not for some of the youngest fans. This one would definitely also be best appreciated by those who had read all of the earlier books.<br/><br/>The action starts in a very lighthearted manner as the Muggle and Magical Worlds leaders meet to cope with the turmoil caused by He Who Must Not Be Named.  This is an absolutely hysterical scene (and one I hope makes it into the movie).  From there we get a glimpse of how the Dark side is progressing and then on to Privet Drive.  Harry is hoping to be released early this year from his visit 'home'.  Dumbledore arrives and proceeds to very politely bully the Dursleys into submission (another scene that I hope makes it into the movie).<br/><br/>We are then treated to visits to the Burrow, Diagon and Knock Turn Alleys before returning to Hogwarts.  Many characters from previous books return, friend and foe alike.  We are also given more information into the backgrounds of Voldemort and company.  On a happier note, romance blooms, though of course not without a few bumps along the way.  There is also plenty of action, including violence, some rather mature themes (again not for the youngest fans) and questions are left to, hopefully, be resolved in the next one....JK write faster!
 The Half Blood Prince is a great follow up to this long running series about Witches and Wizards.  I just started reading the series in 2005 after 'Goblet of Fire' came out in theatres, and I loved each of these from start to finish. The Half Blood Prince delivers on many levels.  We see Harry with so much anger during the course of this novel.  This continues to be a dark story, like Order of the Phoenix, as Harry learns the truth behind Voldemort's past and why it is his destiny to kill him.  Dumbledore helps Harry in many ways explore to those truths, all the while Harry must deal with the fact that Professor Snape has finally gotten the Dark Arts job that he's wanted, and uses it to his advantage.  This book is definitely a turning point, not only for Harry, but for Professors Dumbledore and  Snape, Draco Malfoy, and Ginny Weasley as well. I finished this one in about two weeks. I'm not a fast reader, but this one was just as much fun as the others. I highly recommend this kid-friendly book as a bedtime story.  J.K. Rowling does a great job with this one.  I can't wait to read the final chapter in this series.
 Like a lot of other Potter fans, I was right there at midnight to receive the latest installment in this magical series. I never expect to be disappointed by any of these books and this one was no different, although after finishing it I moped around the house for a few days, partly because I know it will be at least another year before the next book and also because ... well, you'll see once you've read it.<br/><br/>One of the things I like about J.K. Rowling is that she's one of those rare adults who hasn't forgotten what it's like to be a teen living between the worlds of childhood and adulthood. She writes young people exceptionally well.<br/><br/>Ron, Harry, Hermione and Ginny are more competitive in their sixth year at Hogwarts as they work through academic and relationship issues. They also start looking ahead to life after they leave the school - a reminder that they won't stay innocent forever.<br/><br/>Draco Malfoy emerges as a darker character, though more insecure amid the sobering reality of what his attraction to the dark arts may cost him. His inability to resist Voldemort is more easily understood as details emerge about the young Tom Riddle's birth, ambition and eventual Svengali-like influence.<br/><br/>And while Harry remains a level-headed young wizard, this time  even he must struggle against temptation - in this case put to him by a mysterious book authored by the enigmatic Half-Blood Prince.<br/><br/>Watching Harry and his companions struggle with life's decisions isn't easy. Readers who've grown fond of the series can find themselves yelling at the book as they do at movie screens when the main character is about to do something stupid.<br/><br/>New characters are introduced in this book, and new details are revealed about old ones that may or may not prove surprising depending on the reader.<br/><br/>'Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince ' moves along at a rapid pace and is easy to follow, although extra concentration is required at the quick-fired events near the end.<br/><br/>All-in-all, another fine offering from Rowling, who reportedly says she dread penning the next Harry Potter novel since it will be her last. It's a dread many of us share.
 ...and that is excellent, but I'll say more.  The sixth installment of the Harry Potter series is perhaps the best in the series by far.  Readers will encounter an older and more mature Harry than they glimpsed in the fifth book.  Truly, one is left wondering where Rowling can go after reading "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince".<br/><br/>Returning to Hogwarts for his sixth year, Harry and his friends are constantly aware of the outside world.  War against the Dark Lord is raging; it is even disturbing the Muggle world.  Harry has been christened the 'Chosen One' and must once again endure the stares and taunts that greeted him as a first year at Hogwarts.  He is also still reeling from the death of his godfather at the hands of the Death Eaters.  As if that weren't enough, he must deal with fights amongst his closest friends, learn how to Apparate and try to figure out what Draco Malfoy is really up to when he disappears for great lengths of time.  Nothing can be taken for granted anymore, and Harry receives extra help from Albus Dumbledore as they search through Lord Voldemort's past to try to find out the secrets (and perhaps the vulnerabilities) of his power.<br/><br/>"Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is extremely well-written (as all of the Potter novels have been) and flows effortlessly from beginning to end.  Readers are taken on a sometimes wild and often heart-breaking ride through Harry's triumphs and turmoils as the times grow darker all around him.  Rowling has once again done a superb job in creating a cliffhanger of an ending, leaving the reader thirsting for more, even if that means that everything will end once it arrives.  However, no one will ever truly be able to leave the world of Harry Potter behind once his tale has come to a close.
 Although this book started out slowly for me, before long, I was engrossed with it. In this book you learn a lot about Voldemort when he was a child/young adult, and gain some insight as to how and why he turned out to be such a nasty, yet powerful wizard.<br/><br/>Meanwhile, at Hogwarts, a text book falls into Harry's possession in which someone has written useful hints and tips regarding different spells and potions. There are also handwritten spells which someone has obviously taken pains to create on their own. The book once belonged to someone who called themself The Half-Blood Prince.<br/><br/>Harry naturally uses this book to his advantage to help him to excell at potions, so much so that he occasionally outshines Hermione, causing her to get angry with him. She knows there has to be a reasonable explanation as to how he has suddenly managed to do better than her, but she can't quite figure it out and that rankles her even more.<br/><br/>Further on in the story, as you learn about Voldemort's past, you learn about something called a horcrux, which is a key to defeating Voldemort. There are 7 of these, some of which have already been discovered and destroyed. 7 seems to be a prominent number in this book. I am guessing that is why there are 7 books in the series, too.<br/><br/>Although more light is shed on Voldemort and the way to possibly defeating him once and for all.. there are still shadows which cloud the issue and keep you guessing. Also, at the end of the book, someone dies..<br/><br/>I'm anxious to see how the last book will wrap up the series. In the meantime, I'll keep my theories to myself and content myself with watching the movies. Which, I love and think are great.. although from what reviews I've looked at.. not many people are in agreement with me!<br/><br/>All I have to say is: For people being 'unhappy' or 'disappointed' with the books and/or movies you still invest your money into both, now don't you? And for all the complaints about the movies being poorly acted or being made purely to make money, it's evidently working for this series because you nay-sayers keep giving them your money anyway. So.. how much could you really hate them?
 It really is amazing to have a series like J.K. Rowling has created with Harry Potter.  To have each book get better and build on the stories from previous books is an amazing achievment in writing, and Rowling will go down in history as one of the greatest fantasy writers ever.<br/><br/>After reading Order of the Phoenix, I didn't think that Half-Blood Prince could possibly match the importance and complexities of the fifth entry in the series.  I still think that Order of the Phoenix is my favorite, but the Half-Blood Prince is probably the most important book in the series (other than the upcoming climax, of course).  In reality, most of the Half-Blood Prince is just set up for the final volume.  We get to know a lot about Voldemort's past, and how he can be stopped.  One of the most satisfying parts of the Half-Blood Prince is the interaction between Harry and Dumbledore.  In all previous novels, Dumbledore was an important background character, and he and Harry really only talked if something really bad had happened, mostly at the end of the books when Dumbledore would always be there to offer encouragement and words of wisdom.  In this book, however, Harry and Dumbledore speak a lot, since Dumbledore is now giving Harry private lessons to teach him about Voldemort's past, and his weaknesses.<br/><br/>The end of this book is emotionally shattering.  This is some of the most powerful writing that I have ever read, ever.  And, suffice it to say, that Rowling has used this book as an extremely powerful, invigorating setup for the finale to take place.  The main characters develop very well in this book, but still their developments as people have to take a side seat to the progress of the war with Voldemort.  Let me just say this: I cannot wait for the team of Harry, Ron, and Hermione to finally confront Voldemort.  That is a trio of wizards that I would not want to face.
 The best way I have found for my 10 year old daughter to read the Potter books is for me to read them at the same time she is, staying a bit ahead of her  (I love the books myself so it's no hardship!).  That way I can help her navigate the British lingo, help her when she has questions, and help her with the scary/tragic events in the latter books.  JK Rowling is amazing, the books are wonderful and classics and I am thrilled my daughter has been enjoying the series as much as I did.  In my opinion, this book and the one before it (Order of the Phoenix) is where the series gets 'darker' and more tragic and may require parental participation to some degree if you child is not in middle school (and maybe even then, depending on the child).
 No spoilers, so no worries. Unfortunately, having picked up a copy of the book at my local WalMart on Sat. evening, I finished it by Sun. night...WAY too fast, but my own fault.  I loved the book...just wish it were longer or that the gap between release dates was shorter.  Now I'm nagging my sister to read it so we can discuss it...but she doesn't want to devote the next week of her life to reading it - she knows she'll be too absorbed!<br/><br/>In any case, what fan could opt out of buying a Harry Potter?! Some of the other reviewers were a tad lukewarm...the book is worth it, especially if you've read the other five.  Harry is growing up, just like we all do eventually...he's never had a cotton candy life by any stretch anyway.  Tweens and teenagers will appreciate the fact that Harry has a lot going on in his life with which they can identify, what with peer pressure, his love life, his friends, sports (yes, granted it's Quidditch, but avid sports fans can relate), and schoolwork...never mind the throw-in of having the most powerful and evil sorcerer in history after him.<br/><br/>Now how long until #7?
 Fantastic. Simply great. I wasn't one of the crazed fans at barnes and noble at midnight when it was released, but I bought it and two days later, at 2 am, I finished. In no way was this like the first book, it was much more emotional and filled with teenish hormones.<br/><br/>The basic setting is this: the wizarding world in chaos, Voldemort has returned and is rapidly returning to power. Harry is facing his sixth year at hogwarts, the atmosphere of which has changed greatly from a childhood playground to a sea of teenage hormones (keeping in mind, it hasn't lost anything but simply changed as the characters age). Rumors about what happened in the ministry (book 5) are circulating and harry is quickly becoming 'the chosen one' in the eyes of the public. A new minister, Rufus Smigreor (sp?) has ascended office and is much more tough than fudge. Harry all becomes much closer to Dumbledor in this book and is guided through his potions classes by an old book doodled on by the mysterious half-blood prince, all while obsessing over malfoy's suspicious actions.<br/><br/>There is a much more mature tone to the book, as harry and his friends reach 16 and 17 and we see many more deeply underlying emotional issues between numerous caracters, including Lupin and Tonks, both devastated by the loss of sirius.<br/><br/>Overall, it is not a drop in quality. You will still be afraid and rooting for your favorite and shocked by the actions of some. We see a conflict yet again between Hermione and Ron and we also face numerous internal struggles in Harry's mind, who has become much more of a teenager in the last year. You will again be treated to a wonderful and stunning year at hogwarts, which will never again be the same.
 Having read the series to this point I was worried that J. K. Rowling would lose her way in book 6 and book 7.  Based on what I read in The Half-Blood Prince (book 6) my worry and concern was wasted.  Rowling does a masterful job in moving the storyline along.  She continues to weave the story and characters into a spell binding story, and sets us up for book 7 which I believe will be a worthy capstone to this record breaking series.  Rowling has truly set a high mark not just for children's literature, but for the craft of storytelling in general.<br/><br/>Harry is older, wiser, and less troublesome than he was in book 5.  Hermione, Ron, Ginny, and the rest of the cast are present.  There have been some changes but you'll see those for yourselves if you invest the time to read the book.  At 652 pages, The Half-Blood Prince will take a while to read, but the time you invest will be well worth it.  I'm still in awe of the world Rowling has created.  The small details of that world that she shares with the reader are still amazing to me.<br/><br/>The only negative I can see, and this is a weak one, is that book 6 is not a stand alone read.  There are constant references to previous books in the series.  I can't help but feel that any reader who picks up this book before reading the first 5 will be somewhat lost.  At the very least the references to previous events will be lost on the newcomer.<br/><br/>The Half-Blood Prince is a terrific read.  Get a copy and enjoy.
 After watching and enjoying the fifth "Harry Potter" movie, "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix", I decided that I didn't want the whole "Harry Potter" phenomenon to go by without exploring the books, too.  So, I decided I was going to immediately listen to the sixth book, "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" on unabridged audio, then read the final book, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows", in its current hardback form.<br/><br/>Well, I just finished all 17 CD's of "Half-Blood Prince" (over the course of three weeks, listening to them in the car during my commute to and from work, and during errands on weekends) and I have to say it was a terrific story.  With its emphasis on Harry and Dumbledore's investigation of Voldemort's past (via magically transporting into various characters' old memories) rather than big action scenes, the story is particularly creepy and involving.<br/><br/>But, fear not, there's also action and banter and the usual amusing internal politics at Hogwart's (all the stuff that's in the movies and, I imagine, even more so in the previous books), so it's not all dark moods and grim doings.  And there's all kinds of cleverness, too, cleverness that might not make it into the eventual movie because of time limitations. For example, the book opens with the Prime Minister of England receiving one of his periodic updates on the wizarding world by the new Minister of Magic, with the reader also learning the amusing history of how these updates started and were initially received by a (you can imagine) shocked prime minister.  It would be fun if these scenes made it into the film, but they probably won't, as they don't strictly move the story forward.  But it's really a great opening to the book: a re-cap, but a re-cap done in a really imaginative way.<br/><br/>So, yes, it was great fun experiencing J.K. Rowling's version of this story before the eventual movie adaptation.  I had no trouble getting into it, meaning that the first five movies were apparently close enough to the books to give a good grounding in the literary version of Harry's world.  One small caveat to this observation, however: as was soon apparent in "Half-Blood Prince", quite a bit more about the Harry/Voldemort prophecy was revealed in the book version of "Order of the Phoenix" than in the movie version, making me sneak a peek at a closing chapter or two of "Phoenix" soon after starting book six on audio.  But I didn't absolutely need to do this; it just made the further discussion of the prophecy in "Half-Blood Prince" more enjoyable.<br/><br/>Oh, as I experienced "Half-Blood Prince" on audio, I should say something about the narration.  Jim Dale, who has read all the "Harry Potter" audios, does a wonderful job here.  He is gritty and dark when such things are called for, and light, funny, and whimsical when those qualities are needed.  He's also great at creating distinct and memorable voices for all the different characters.  The actors in the films must also agree... Mr. Dale has been doing these voices from about the beginning of the current decade, well before many of the stories' characters appeared in movie form; yet, in example after example, a movie actor's interpretation of a character sounds remarkably close to Mr. Dale's version.  Interesting, is it not?<br/><br/>Well, I'm off now to get my new hardback of "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows".  It'll be interesting to see how quickly I get through it.  Though I sometimes can knock out a book fairly quickly, I don't know if I can read a long book in only two or three days, apparently all the time that most "Harry Potter" fans need to get through an installment of this series, no matter how big it is.  All I can say for sure is, I'm ready to be immersed and engrossed.
 This installment returns from the more annoying Harry of Book 5 to the likeable (if not always as bright as the reader) Harry of previous volumes. Rowling opens well, establishing three interesting subplots in the first three chapters. And she keeps up the exciting pace throughout.<br/><br/>The book really drew me in: at various points, I felt myself empathizing with the characters, whether in cheesy joy or in tense anticipation.<br/><br/>Certain subplots and characters featured in other volumes have largely dropped from view: Hermione's battle for elf rights is absent except for a couple of allusions, the Dursleys get very little time, and Neville Longbottom gets much less time than usual. Another shift is that the romance which has largely boiled in the background to this point comes front and center; warning: this book has quite a bit of snogging.<br/><br/>This book answers many questions, but it also leaves me waiting with baited breath for the final volume. (That'll be years of baited breath; great.) But it was a great read!
 I wrote quite a bad review of the 5th book but finished saying that I hoped J K Rowling hadn't completely lost her touch, and I think this book shows she hasn't.<br/><br/>I liked it because Harry and his friends finally seem to be growing up a bit (especially after how annoying they were in the last book) although they're still not completely there yet, and there are also loads more interesting things we've never come across before (like Felix Felicis and Horcruxes- although I won't explain about them) as well as characters ( Horace Slughorn mainly I suppose, Greyback too though he only appears briefly) there are also some exciting events (as in all the books) and of course the fact that we learn so much more about all the characters and events previously, setting us up for the final book and battle.<br/><br/>However, I don't think it's better than the 3rd (my favourite by far) and I do think it could have been shorter, this isn't a problem for me but I'm not sure that younger children will want to battle all the way through it (though I think if they managed to keep going through the 5th they'll manage this one). The romance is nice, but can be a little slushy and I'd imagine that fierce adventure fans (or people who don't like romance) would feel that these parts dragged the story down.<br/><br/>This book is also a lot darker than the previous and although I liked this it may be an idea for parents reading with their children to read it first so they can be prepared for some more difficult areas (such as inferi (zombies) and a werewolf that practically likes to attack kids, and of course the death aspect)<br/><br/> But despite its problems I did really like it and think that most Potter fans will feel the same.<br/><br/>Bring on the next book!
 Rowling seems to grow with each book, making the storyline become more and more mature. This could either be because as the series progresses Harry gets older, and thus the story becomes more mature, or she has realized with each book that her audience is becoming more diverse in the ages of its readership. Either way, I think she did a great job with this one. It started out a little slow as we read about the familiar characters, but it picked up and made you want to continue reading.<br/><br/>One thing I will say. She leads the readers down a very astute path, making sure that her stories develop fluidly and seem natural. Keeping this in mind, don't put it past her for a few surprises in the last and final seventh book. She has already planted several seeds that will sprout in the seventh book and, for many people, surprise them. So pay attention to the details if you are eager for the next book and perhaps you will gain some insight.<br/><br/>I would recommend this book to anyone, no matter their preference. It is too much of a fun read to not give it a go.
 I've been a fan of the series since I first read the first book almost six years ago. Every book has something original about itself and as the story progresses, the characters grow more mature and deep, as well as the story itself grows darker.<br/><br/>The Half-Blood Prince reaches the crucial moment in which everything is set for the final battle (book 7). The possibility of vitory as well as the growing conflict are placed and "the board is set" so that the next chapter focuses in conclusions and answers.<br/><br/>Rowling keeps surprising me with her writting so easy to read for a kid and still enyoable for an adult. The dialog is smart and funny when it needs to be, and the plot thickens as it becomes a little more mature.<br/><br/>Mystery is key to Harry Potter novels, and this chapter presents some answers to past mysteries in the series as well as new mysteries ("R.A.B." - those who have read it get me).<br/><br/>The evolution of some characters like Snape are amazing, and once again Rowling provides with a smart and fun plot to follow, although this time, it's a little more dense.<br/><br/>Unlike the previous books, this one starts different (no Harry's prespective, but a narrator point of view) and the complexity of concepts and twists rises (a lot of memories regarding Voldemort's quest for immortality, as well as explanations about how his mind and his approach to magic works). The sixth book is defenitly the most mature of the series so far, leaving even Phoenix behind in terms of darkness and complexity.<br/><br/>The series has reached a point where everything is uncertain regarding the future and the past, and Harry certainly grows up here. This may not be the best of the series, but it is indeed the step needed to conclude the story next book, as this one sets everything up for the next chapter to flow.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is an amazing piece of fantasy, teen issues, smart and fun dialog, character development and revelations that build the pillars needed to conlude the series with a bang.
 I honestly don’t know how to feel after reading this book. I liked it way better than Order of the Phoenix, but I was not ready for everything that happened in this book. Again, I love how the writing styles grows with the characters.
 Trying to write a review for this book without a spoiler is somewhat difficult, but I will do my best.<br/><br/>Although the book is great, as all the HP tomes are, it feels a bit rushed, and I suspect Ms. Rowling was so busy with her new carpet crawler that she just didn't take the time to flesh out the story like she otherwise could have, had she not been cleaning up baby hurl off the kitchen walls.  That's okay; she can make it up on book seven.<br/><br/>However...I can't HELP but think that Ms. Rowling also demonstrates evidence of prowling through the dark underbelly of Harry Potter fanfiction...those silly stories pairing up the most unlikely couples from the books in the most bizarre ways.  Case in point:  using the word "smirk" about a squillion times (fanfiction standard for Draco; I think it's a law that he has to smirk at least once in every fanfic), little vignettes with Harry and a ticked-off Draco, Harry and a weeping, "sensitive" Draco (more fanfic faves) Pansy stroking Draco's hair (and smirking)...well, I could just go on ad nauseum.  To the average Josephine, these would not seem odd, but to those who have been unfortunate enough (or fortunate enough, depending on your sensibilities) to stumble over fanfics like I did a few months ago, the above instances leap out like Voldie out of the back of Quirrell's beleaugured head.<br/><br/>I found myself chortling at completely inappropriate moments while reading the book, picturing Ms. Rowling hunched over her computer at 3 in the morning, plagiarizing from crappy fanfic stories that plagiarize her own work. I'm willing to bet any fanfic author or reader will back me up on this observation.<br/><br/>Don't get me wrong; I have no complaints.  Just open eyes and right now, a tickled fancy.<br/><br/>Say it isn't so, Ms. Rowling!<br/><br/>Great book.
 Although I rarely read fantasy books, "The Harry Potter" series is a group of books that can appeal to readers of any type of genre. They have romance, humor, mystery and any other element of a good story that you can think of. "Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince" is one of the best installments of the series to date.<br/><br/>The primise of this installment continues the saga of Harry's development, and becomes more darker as he prepares to face his nemesis, the Dark Lord Voldemort or Tom Riddle. This particular novel has much more romance than the previous books, and the characters or maturing very well. Of course, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger are still prevalent, and Harry must face more challenges. This installment was particularly interesting because it had sceens from Lord Voldemort's life before he became known as the Dark Lord. These sceenes, though chilling, are filled with superb characterization. Rowling does a masterful job of creating a character representative of evil incarnate. The sceen where Dumbledore first meets Riddle is terrifying yet poignant. Talk about psychopathic tendencies!<br/><br/>I personally loved this book because Albus Dumbledore appeared more frequently. I also loved his confrontation with the Dursleys. Although this particular installment ends more bittersweetly than the other books in the series, it is a perfect cliff hanger for those who eagerly await the final book.<br/><br/>I felt the subplot about the Half Blood Prince was good, but a little disappointing. I figured out the identity of the Prince pretty quickly. It seemed to be a haphazard attempt on Rowling's part to incorporate a mystery within the book as filler material. When the Prince is revealed, however, the confrontation is very good, but sad because I felt sorry for Harry and the Prince as well, whom I personally used to like. Maybe this particular character will be redeemed in the final book.<br/><br/>All of the characters are just as delightful as ever. I like the new character that Rowling created, Professor Slughorn. He is both fun and annoying as well.<br/><br/>All in all, this book is terrific. If I had to rank the books, I would say that this book is second on my favorites of the series. My first is "Chamber of Secrets." I cannot understand why so many people dislike that one, but it is one that definitely needs to be read before this sixth installment. In fact, if you have not read any books in this series, I strongly recommend you start at the beginning. Good luck, and happy reading!
 Wow!  This was a fantastic addition to the series.  Harry gets to take lessons from Dumbledore, captains the Griffyndor quidditch team, falls in love, and learns the history of Lord Voldemort.  All of this in one book, and I haven't even talked about the surprise ending.  With each of the prior books, I felt that the latest addition was the best in the series.  There is no doubt that this is the best book in the series of the first six that I have read.  The ending is scary, but amazing.  I can't wait to read The Deathly Hollows.<br/><br/>I would definitely recommend this book to fans of the Harry Potter series.
 I like this book because we get into the background of both Snape (a bit)<br/>and more on Lord Voldemort, but I have always thought that Dumbledore<br/>should have told Harry some of this sooner during the fourth or fifth books.<br/>I thought that Dumbledore kept too much to himself, but he maybe didn't<br/>think Harry was not ready to hear his secrets (I sense some regret as both<br/>he and Harry speak).  He sort of reminds me of Witch Mother Citrina from<br/>the DC comic Amythest: Princess of Gemworld series.  Both had good intentions<br/>at the time that they kept the secrets.  Still this is a great book as events unfolded<br/>and it left you wondering what was going to happen in the seventh book!  Must read.
 I, like several other fans, anxiously awaited the arrival of J.K. Rowling's newest installment in the wildy popular Harry Potter series. I expected a lot, as I had heard that J.K. Rowling herself called it her best book yet. I was not disappointed as I begun a wonderful reading journey.<br/><br/> This book starts off interestingly, with how the Muggle Prime Minister has to deal with the magical world. It also gives us a scene that begs us to ask: Who is Snape double crossing? Is he loyal to Dumbledore, or Lord Voldemort? After this, we finally get to see our brave hero, Harry Potter himself, recovering from the death of Sirius.<br/><br/> I do not want to reveal the entire content of this simply spectacular book. I shall just say that we learn a lot about things that we have questioned. Questions that have been foggy to the readers of the series become clearer. We read about Voldemort's past, Dumbledore's flawed judgement, love potions, Quidditch, the power of good friendship, and not to mention quite the amount of snogging...<br/><br/> I recommend this book to any reader of any age. I do suggest reading the first five books in the series, as then you will be able to enjoy the book more. I doubt whether I should even bother recommending this to people, for this book being written by the immensly talented J.K. Rowling is enough to recommend itself.<br/> I await the next Harry Potter book eagerly.
 It's been a long time since I first read this book.  But I have seen the movie about a trillon times.  After just finishing the book, I realized the movie is missing alot of what was in the book and there a couple things in the movie I didn't find in the book.  This doesn't mean the movie isn't good, it was excellent, but after re-reading the book I realized it could have much better.<br/><br/>Some of the differences I discovered was the scene where the Death Eaters burn down the Weasley house.  Unless I splet through this part of the book I didn't read it.  Another difference was the final battle, Bellatrix wasn't in Hogwarts as the movie showed.  This was a bit of a disappointment as I do like her character.  Another scene was the Room of Requirement.  In the book, Ginny did not take Harry to hide potions book.<br/><br/>These were just a few diffences I found, however, if you are looking for a great book and great movie, this is it.  Be warned though, it is a tear jerker and leaves you in the end saying....no this can't be happening.
 This, the sixth of seven Potter books, as universally acknowledged, is darker than the preceding five, with the pervasive great evil hovering above all other actions, mundane, romantic, sinister, playful, and so on.  Harry, Ron, and Hermione have reached age sixteen and their penultimate year at Hogwarts.  There's little room for the mischief in many of the earlier books, although romance and jealousy normal for that age transpire.  Are any of the three heroes involved?  You betcha!  But the supremely evil Dark Lord (this generation's Darth Vader to Harry's Luke Skywalker) has reared his ugly head, even including Muggles, non-wizards, in his malicious doings.  The usual separation of who is a good guy and who is a bad guy continues with more specifics, with the glaring exception of one who may be good or evil depending upon which character is discussing that one.  Many earlier threads influence what's going on here and many are referred to.  The book can stand alone, but some of the references to events of the earlier books would be missed.  There are the good fun things, quiddich matches and bizarre animals, but more hexes and spells and potions that often come to play in contexts other than the classroom.  Scary things happen regularly and more than one character gets hurt or worse.  The long and short, Rowling sets up book seven and the conclusion with terrific foreshadowing and character situations.  As good as any of the others and worth reading - Rowling conjures a most wonderful spell upon her readers..
 I have all of the Harry Potter books on tape or CD, and so I was expecting great things from this latest performance by Jim Dale.  But I truly think this is his best reading ever.  The sheer volume of the cast of characters means that Dale has to produce more original accents and voices with each book.  We must be up to hundreds of characters now.<br/><br/>Particularly impressive in this installment is what he does with the powerful, poignant scenes near the book's end, especially as regards Dumbledore.  (I don't want to give away any plot secrets here; let me just say that Dale's voice shows us a raw and beautiful vulnerability to Dumbledore that we haven't seen before.)<br/><br/>I think this novel is Rowling's best to date, and Dale's performance matches it in skillful intensity.  It's fantastic.  Readers who zipped through the book when it first came into print will enjoy listening to the audio version in a more leisurely fashion later, noticing clues they missed the first time and reveling in the imagery Rowling has created.  These books seem tailor-made for audio.
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince delivers the wit, vivacity and excitement we've come to expect from Rowling's writing.  I probably could not outline the book's strengths any better than the hundreds of other reviewers have already done, but all those reviews are spot-on.<br/><br/>Nonetheless, I have a couple reservations about this book.  These should by no means deter you from reading it, especially if you're a die-hard Potter fan.  I just want to dispel the aura of perfection that seems to surround every new Rowling book, although this one is hardly new anymore.<br/><br/>The biggest shock to me was that this book lacks a strong sense of continuity in style from the last.  Some may see this as an advantage; many maligned the bloated length of Order of the Phoenix.  But I for one enjoyed immensely watching the inner workings of the Order, the give-and-take of many individuals of different upbringings and inclinations all striving for a greater good.  In Half Blood Prince, we only catch glimpses of the Order in action.  Largely missing, too, are the cast of supporting teenagers Rowling so painstakingly developed in the last book.  With some notable exceptions, focus largely returns to Harry and his two friends.<br/><br/>I, like others, also found the amount of romance in this book a llittle off-putting.  I think what bothers me most isn't the romance itself, it's the fact that it interferes with the plot and pacing of the story.<br/><br/>This all points to, in my mind, this book's greatest shortcoming.  Despite intimations at the end of the last book, and in this one's wonderfully inventive opening chapter, that the wizarding world is now at open war, we catch precious few glimpses of this confligration in action.  The sphere of this book largely encompasses goings-on at Hogwarts to the exclusion of the greater wizarding world.<br/><br/>Lest this review seem too skewed, though, I'll briefly run through what I feel to be the book's strengths.  First, as the book jacket suggests, we see a lot more of Dumbledore in this installment.  We also learn a great deal about Lord Voldemort's past.  Severus Snape, arguably the most fascinating character in the series, also figures heavily in the main story, although we don't see as much of him in his new capacity as I would like.  One of the big payoffs in this book, and one of the main threads connecting this book with the last, is that we continue to see Harry growing up.  Every year he becomes more an active agent in day-to-day events at Hogwarts and less a passive observer.  Half Blood Prince's finale is also arguably the best we've seen in the series, and creates a suitable mood of eager anticipation for the next book.<br/><br/>But don't listen to me, just go read it!
 I have loved all the Harry Potter books and wish Rowling would continue writing about our favorite wizarding world!  I want to know how Harry and Ginny's kids do in school and what Ron and Hermine's kids are doing and even Draco's kid.  Rowling creating a world so complete it is hard NOT to believe there really is a world around us we are not aware.......and that is such fun to imagine a world where people really do fly around a field playing a ball game and carry wands like we carry our cell phones.  I could go on and on.
 I didn't think any of the books in the series could top Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Then, I read Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. This first reading took place at a feverish pace, easily within the confines of a day, and upon finishing, I shut the book, shocked quite senseless. The intensity of the book had just rather numbed me. I stared at the ceiling for an hour. Then, I realized that Rowling had done it. She had (1) rebounded from the so-so fifth book, and she had (2) bested all of the other books in the series while she was at it. This sixth novel isn't plagued by the little problems that have occurred previously in the series. Harry is Harry this time. And the writing is taught. There's a good bit of it, but it's all necessary. And it's riveting. Riveting. Something's coming that's big, and the novel builds there beautifully. And the end doesn't disappoint at all. Rowling has set the bar and has set the stage. I, like just about everyone else, can't wait for the final book of the series.
 The story is riveting, exciting, mystical, with all the romance and idealistic love involved. Rowling’s mind is amazing. Every character comes to life in her stories. She can make you wish you lived in the characters world more that reality. And there is so much more to come.
 Harry is 16, and his lot is not getting any easier. Luckily, he has access to friends and mentors who takehim seriously and want to help. Unfortunately, he also has enemies, including a mortal one. You-Know-Who is still on the loose and getting stronger. The Ministry of Magic, which should be on Harry's side, is terminally and dangerously incompetent, busily arresting innocents on the charge of being Death Eaters. Meanwhile, Harry's sixth year at Hogwarts is about to begin, holding within it the promise of more responsibility and more extreme danger. There is the ever-present lure of the Dark Arts, useful to enemies and forbidden to Harry. And then there's the inconvenient triumph and trauma of falling in love.<br/><br/>Such is the setting for the Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, the sixth of J. K. Rowling's fanciful and fabulous Potter series. The book lives up to the series' reputation, providing new magic an more mature problems for Harry and his friends to grapple with. The book is also darker than many, with the threat of death or injury being constant companions to the main characters. As the series wears on, Harry is becoming more and more alone, having to rely on his wit, cunning and special abilities. His choices are becoming harder; his path more lonely. Rowling's genius is to make all of this trouble entertaining.<br/><br/>The book includes all of the Hogwarts favorites: Hermione, the Weasleys , Dumbledore, Snape, McGonnagal and Hagrid. Book Six will have you speculating endlessly about the impossible tasks being set up for Harry in Book Seven. Can't wait!
 Book 7 has a tremendous job to do. It may take Rowling years to write if the last stretch was any indication. There are clues hidden in The Half-Blood Prince indicating what will be seen in book 7. Rather obvious clues, so those who have shed tears over this book should beware.<br/><br/>It is an easy read for most ages, but smaller children should be encouraged to start at the beginning of the series, so to absorb the world of Harry Potter with the least difficulty. I say this because my 8-year-old granddaughter thought that having seen the first couple of movies, she knew all she needed to know to jump into the series in the middle!<br/><br/>Elsewhere there are some criticisms of the series among Christians for the background of a magical world containing witchcraft. I point out to worrying parents that no advocacy or denial of religion is offered anywhere in the series or this book. It is presented as a fantasy and should be explained to impressionable children that it is much like Mother Goose only more recently made up.
 I was hard-pressed to decide if the fourth, fifth, or sixth book has been my favorite of the series so far. "Goblet of Fire" is my favorite of the films, with a great storyline, so I have a fondness for it in that respect. "Order of the Phoenix" was certainly gripping, though Harry is almost unbearable in it. I wondered at times if he was channeling a pouty "Attack of the Clones" Hayden Christensen and if Rowling had worn out her Caps Lock key while writing that book. Granted, Harry's behavior is understandable with all that has happened (who WASN'T angry at the world 15)?  And despite his teenage angst, the storyline was fantastic (especially anything involving the Pensieve) and the many laugh-out-loud scenes - mostly provided by the Weasley twins - help to balance the book.<br/><br/>Many have criticized the slower pace, lengthy backstory, and keeping "The Half-Blood Prince" set mostly at Hogwarts. We know that graver things lie ahead for Harry even before the book ends; I at least feel he deserves a year a Hogwarts, the first place known as a true "home," to enjoy friends, his Quidditch captaincy, and (at last) love. Finally he seems more at home in his school and own skin. The attempts to Apparate into a wooden hoop illustrate that there is still much that he and his classmates have to learn.<br/><br/>Reading along, I was reminded that they are, all gifts and magical capabilities aside, simply a group of teenagers. I am a high school teacher and amazed at how Rowling hits the nail on the head, again and again, of what it is like to be in the company of teens in an academic setting all day. The lessons may involve how to perform magical spells and a world entirely not our own, but the behavior is universal. Sports, friendship, rivalries, loyalties, and the blunders (and triumphs) of love take center stage. Won-Won's first "love" (or is it?) provides most of the humor.<br/><br/>The story of Lord Voldemort's youth, and rise to power, is recounted in a series of meetings between Harry and Dumbledore. Harry helps the headmaster reason out much of their enemy's background with the aid of the Pensieve and some patchy memories that show the early Tom Riddle. We (along with Harry) gain essential insight into how Voldemort became the Dark Lord. At last, Dumbledore has taken Harry into his full confidence. With this mentor, gone is Harry's frustration of earlier books where he was constantly told, "it is for your own good," with no further explanation.<br/><br/>The new Potions professor, Slughorn, is a fantastic addition to the story. I loved the analogy that he was a large spider, tending to his web of carefully-collected prize flies. Probably my favorite part of the book was when Harry drank the "lucky" potion, Felix Felicius. What follows is some of the best storytelling in the book as Harry smoothly directs the key player in his favor, with the aid of another, slightly more common "potion." You can't help but grin as you are carried along with Harry's newfound brazenness, and the results couldn't play out more in his favor.<br/><br/>My only complaint is that, except some foreshadowing and the climax of the book, very little is done with Professor Snape. Sure, Harry spies on him a lot and they have their run-ins around Hogwarts, detentions, and lots of collective sneering. But what happens in the Defense Against the Dark Arts class, Harry's best and favorite subject, under Snape's new appointment? After their disastrous Occlumency lessons, Snape's constant coveting of the position, and so many scenes where Snape bullied Harry during Potions, we have little idea of what transpires in the class. This would have been a great opportunity to build more tension and ambiguity that, unfortunately, Rowling did not use at all.<br/><br/>Still, I commend her brilliance in creating this book, my favorite in an outstanding series. I get the sense she could choose any genre or niche market in the book industry - coming of age, mystery, adventure, children's, young adult, humor, adult fiction - and still turn out an outstanding piece of writing. Fortunately, she made the choice to combine all these themes into one tale of the "Boy Who Lived," and has created one of the best series I have read in years.
 Well, I've read it twice and after much thought, I'm more and more impressed by this book.  Other reviewers are right in that it doesn't present a standard narrative structure; to many it may feel like "stuff happens, then more stuff happens".  It certainly suffers from middle-book-itis, having it's true beginning and ending in other books.<br/><br/>Read it deeper, and you find that it's taking the characters to a new place.  Very few books capture the feel of the transition to adulthood, but I think this one does very well at it.  Harry's major epiphany at the end pushes the whole series to a new level.<br/><br/>I've been thinking about how children might react to this book.  Perhaps they'd miss the levels I am seeing.  I would recommend that if your children are reading this book, you should read it too and talk about it.  What it has to say about relationships and responsibility is important.  It's not escapist fiction.<br/><br/>If you've read the other 5 books, you're going to want to read this one.  If you are especially bothered by unresolved endings, you may want to wait... but if you're also bothered by spoilers then you're likely to get spoiled if you wait.  The last 100 pages have much more impact if you don't know about it in advance.  (Note: I had avoided ALL spoilers and was glad I did!)<br/><br/>I'm eager to see where the author goes from here.  Great job!
 Having read the first five installments of the Harry Potter series, I was interested in the continuing exploits of Harry, Ron, Hermione and the rest of the gang at Hogwarts.  Despite the substantial length, it was generally a fast and easy, yet compelling, work.  Readers of the first five novels will be familiar with the style, the characters and the various storylines.  In The Half-Blood Prince, Rowling tells another intriguing story of a year in the life of Harry Potter, providing the usual twists, turns and intricacies that readers have come to expect.  In a difference from the previous books which for the most part were self contained, Rowling spends more time in the Half-Blood Prince looking backward in order to provide deeper context to all of the previous books done to date.  Rowling also spends more time setting up the last book which will likely be the most eagerly awaited installment in the series.  All-in-all, the Half-Blood Prince is a very good effort and well worth the time.......even for an adult.
 The story is good, but we all want to know how everything wraps up, so the ending seems to be lacking in giving enough towards what happens in Harry's 7th year.  Harry and his friends have gone through much training in class and after hours in D.A. and correct spells becomes life or death matters rather than classroom practice.  Dumbledore is much more involved in Harry's learning this year which is an enjoyable change from his occassional wisdom.  Snape becomes more involved on both sides - where does he truly stand?<br/><br/>  Overall, the book is excellent and prepares us well for the final showdown. We learn much from memories of how things got to where we are - the pensieve is a very helpful tool - and we should know by now - J.K. is leaving clues everywhere now - what major things with happen leading up to the final showdown.<br/><br/>  The characters develop nicely, with the teenage hormones and emotions running high, especially with the daily news of mayhem showing them all that life is short.<br/><br/>  There were necessary things to find out and the book tends to be pressed to get to all of them.  Its not her best, but perhaps that is because we all somewhat know what part of the story must tell us. Everything and most everyone is so familiar by now, that it must be difficult for an author to thrill us with events or story line.<br/><br/>  All that said, I couldn't put it down once I started.  The story is so fun and the writing still J.K., so the book is still one of the best I've read in this series and of all novels out there.<br/><br/>  You won't be dissappointed in the writing, the happenings or the character evolutions.  We learn enough about Lord V. and Harry to have a pretty good idea where we go from here.  I keep remembering what J.K. said throughout the interviews of the past, that thinks are not always as they seem - I think this is especially worth reviewing and some of her past statements on the entire 7 year story - to wonder if anything, including the deaths of those close to Harry, are final.  Book 7 should be very interesting indeed.
 In my review of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix for Infinity Plus, I wrote that in a more rational plot the young Harry Potter, no matter how talented, would have less to do.  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince has a more rational plot.  In the first five books, Harry was without a doubt a hero.  In this book, he's little more than a spectator, as his elders, Dumbledore in particular, step to the fore.  This makes sense, but I'll admit that it left me feeling a bit empty.  It's not that Harry takes a back seat, but rather that Harry's former heroism is depicted as perhaps more luck than talent.  Harry is a good student, but he's by no means the best student.  He's a young wizard of power, but he's by no means the most powerful.  Frankly, it's hard to see him as a match for Voldemort.  Even Snape, in the end, is depicted as having more on the ball than Harry. At one point Harry says to Dumbledore that there is nothing special about him.  Dumbledore does not disagree, and at one point flatly tells Harry that he himself is much more clever than Harry. I've been waiting for six books for Harry to come into his own, to become the greatest wizard that ever lived, so that he can defeat the greatest wizard (okay, second greatest...) that ever lived.  From the evidence of this book, it's hard to see how that's going to happen, but maybe in the end, that's proof of Rowling's genius, because we all know that in the end, the good guy is going to win.  But how?  Stay tuned...
 Lots of interesting things are going, and growing, on: serious magic like Apparating, the N.E.W.T. levels, Harry acquiring a forceful, even nasty, edge, the boy-girl problems.  Rowlings's word and name inventions always seem just so right, although I think the kids would die before uttering some of the Muggle words she puts in their mouths. Where did Harry learn to swim? But I found this story strangely lacking in tension, or anxiety in the reader over the outcome, despite the ominous return of He-Who..., Snape glaring, and daily killings reported in the newspaper. Sure, Malfoy is up to something evil, but like so much else, he's mostly doing it off-stage.<br/><br/>Rowling's magickings are so marvelous, I hate to wonder from where comes the energy to power all the spells and transports? Things just happen or go boom, but there's no visible cost to them, or somewhere in Muggle land, right? You do have to buy wands, robes and ingredients for Potions, but spells don't seem to cost muscles, brain cells, or wakefulness. Unlike serious SF/Fantasy, maybe Rowling expects kids to pay no mind to costs.<br/><br/>It is long in coming, but eventually we again see the events of Books 1 &amp; 2 in still another revealing light. Dumbledore is central here, as finally we penetrate into his memories--but are there additional layers yet to come there, too?<br/><br/>These stories are making me smarter: I scoped out the deal with dear Malfoy at Hogwarts long before Potter did. I love the way director David Saylor's crew use different typefaces for the letters, poems, and broadsides scattered throughout these stories. Have you noticed the publishing history of Harry Potter? For the American edition, they've switched from small New England printers to giant R. R. Donnelly, producers of immense runs of catalogues and Yellow Pages. While the same typeface is used for text throughout, part of an artful package, for the huge Order of the Phoenix point size was reduced from 12 to 11.5, about 5% smaller. If you thought Phoenix was harder to read, so it was...and not just because of its great length and verbiage.
 Important: if you wish to maintain the mystery of the book, skip the table of contents.  Do not read the chapter titles.<br/><br/>Half Blood Prince was a very satisfying installment in the series.  In some ways, Book 5 (Phoenix) was more satisfying and Book 3 (Prisoner) came to a much nicer conclusion.  Book 6, Half-Blood Prince was clearly Rowling lining up her ducks for Book 7.<br/><br/>Those looking for the relationships between characters to advance will not be disappointed.  Those looking for some great Weasley moments will not be disappointed.  Fred and George, Ginny, Bill, they have come into their own.  Ron is still a work in progress, of course but Neville has one moment, early on, that was ... magical.<br/><br/>Where Order of the Phoenix ended with the wizarding world gearing up for a war, in Half Blood Prince the wizarding world is clearly at war.  Rowling was unflinching in her willingness to cause pain to Harry and his classmates; there was nothing gratuitous about it but there is real heartache.<br/><br/>The wizarding world has chosen a truly interesting Minister of Magic, someone with character -- good, bad, middling -- but definitely someone better suited to the war with Voldemort than Fudge.  There are many little details that satisfy in both the details Rowling provides and how Harry and the others relate to the Ministry and the war.<br/><br/>If I had one quibble it is that Harry seemed to grow more in Order of the Phoenix.  In some ways, in Phoenix, he was more responsible and did more to embrace his destiny.  In Half-Blood Prince, he seems to slide a bit more, taking shortcuts.<br/><br/>Half-Blood Prince will leave you wanting more and eagerly looking forward to Book 7.  To tell more would be to ruin the story and the mysteries but Half-Blood Prince is very highly recommended to any one who has enjoyed the previous books in the series.
 I have to say that Rowling has great imagination and what started with an 11 year old wizard with all the fun that magic can bring has matured and is ready to face the unavoidable! You see Harry more developed as a character, a wizard trying to become the leader and face his destiny, a teenager with mixed and confusing feelings.<br/><br/>The book is the thread that weaves together all the pieces from all 5 books, the truth behind Harry Potter and Tom Riddle. It is definitely darker and more mysterious than the others. It also reveals how immature Rowling, the writer, is. It is told with the same style of an actual story -telling. You proabbly won't feel that because of the uncanny events and revelations throughout the book.<br/><br/>I definitely enjoyed the story, some parts were really dark and evil. Rowling somehow prepares you to that darker side of the story and while reading you anticipate something sad and evil to happen which leads to that climatic end where Harry is once again lavished with love and strength.
 When I first started reading this book series I thought that it wouldn't be this amazing. The first four books are for kids but 6&amp;7 are a little to hard. I thought that this was just the best book in the HP series because I feel like Rowling put alot of effort into this one. It stands out from all of them in my opinion. This is the book where Ron Harry and Hermione actually start doing cooler stuff. Even though Dumbledore is killed by that little slytherin brat Draco. It is still a good book. Slughorn was quite a likeable charcter honestly.<br/><br/>It starts to get scarier as you progress through the book. That makes it a cool mystery and thriller. You also start to hear alot more about Vol... I mean he who must not be named and what he is planning. Alot of charcters are given a bigger part like Ginny Weasly.
 I just finished this book and I feel as if I've eaten an entire box of Chocolate Frogs. An immensely enjoyable experience to be sure, but you feel a bit bloated when you're done and more than a bit sad that the candy's all gone now. It's even worse knowing that there's only one more book left in the series. After that one, there will be no more Harry Potter books.<br/><br/>J.K. Rowling is an amazingly gifted story teller. She was what Stephen King calls "the gotta." As in you just gotta keep reading to find out what happens next. It's that guilty pleasure of staying up late with a book that you can't put down.<br/><br/>I'd say Rowling has more of the gotta than any writer in history, but her writing style is not the greatest. Since I've read the books so many times out loud to my daughter, I find her overuse of the word "muttered" instead of the word "said" irritating. And she has an annoying habit of describing how every character says each sentence-  Hagrid said gruffly.  Harry said loudly. Ron said brusquely. Hermione said uncertainly.  Dumbledore said calmly (Those were all found at random in Harry Potter &amp; the Goblet of Fire, by the way.)<br/><br/>There's a cardinal rule for writers -if you find an adverb, kill it. The idea is that the reader should be able to tell how the character said the sentence by the words themselves. "I know what you've been up to, Malfoy, you sleazy dark wizard!" he said. See? You already know he said it menacingly or icily, or forcefully or whatever.<br/><br/>Of course, with that kind of success Rowling has had, she can use all the adverbs she wants. And I'll read them, superfluous adverbs and all.
 I won't go into plot details or break down the book too much since the 2380 reviews before me have probably covered all that.  But I enjoyed book 6 quite a bit and am looking forward to the final chapter of this series.  I think that the series has been pretty level in its quality with no book standing head and shoulders above the others.  One or two might be slightly better or worse than the others, but that is negligible.  The overall quality of the series (for its target audience) is much better than average and  I think The Half-Blood Prince falls on the "slightly better" category for this series.<br/><br/>Being the second to last, and thus, the set up book for the finale, Rowling has done her job well and gotten us ready for the finale.  Things are coming together and meaningless points from previous books suddenly have purpose beyond being just set pieces.  There is so much I need to go back and re-read from books 1-5 before 7 arrives.<br/><br/>This is a well thought out series with very few problems of continuity or consistency.  And while I was able to make some correct predictions based on past knowledge, it never ruined the story for me because Rowling keeps you off balance with a good mix of curve balls.<br/><br/>Each book is getting deeper, darker and more engrossing and every time I finish one, I get that feeling of sadness that I don't have more of it to read for a while.
 Half Blood Prince is loaded with everything that makes a book good, whether it is the juicy romance, the walking dead, the betrayal, or the intesification.  And yet, it is still uniquely Harry Potter.  There are cool new potions, character conflicts, dark secrets revealed, believable characters, exciting Quidditch games, and lighthearted humor.  By the end, it fills your mind with so many questions.  It's especially moving when it comes down to the way that the reader can relate to the story.  I'm sure that many readers here when they read the Half Blood Prince may associate themselves with the books, whether it is the heartbreaking romances, the unhappy life of Tom Riddle, or the way Harry still struggles with his own inner self.  It may not be for the sensative soul, but I think by now the reader should have the courage to move on.  It's hard for words to describe.  And don't reject this book because of its length.  Every page is an enjoyment.  I prefer more than 600 enjoyments as opposed to few than 200!
 After being out a week, I found the time to read the book.  Like the previous Harry Potter books, The Half-Blood Prince was a quick read.  As I was reading it, I found I was missing much of the suspense that was present in the previous novels.  I kept on wondering when the crisis was going to happen.  It is not until the last 100 pages or so does the crisis occur.<br/><br/>I am not saying that nothing happens in the book.  Much time is spent developing the characters further, but the most important role of this novel is the development of the plots running through the entire Harry Potter series.  You learn more about Voldemort.  Snape and Malfoy are developed further.  Romances blossom.<br/><br/>However, I would have to say that of all of the Harry Potter books, this one suffers the most of being a middle book.  The end does not resolve much other than Harry, Hermoine and Ron are going off to hunt down Voldemort.  The sense of completion the other books had is not present in Half-Blood Prince.  Even the situations with Dumbledore and Snape are up to debate, and you will not know until the next book.<br/><br/>The book was well-written.  The characters interesting. The plotting was just different.  I would recommend reading it.  If you do not have the time though, wait until the next book is about to come out, that way you do not have to suffer the suspense of waiting for the end of the story, cause you are not going to get it here.
 Having read all of the previous Harry Potters several times, it is safe to say that I had high expectations from this novel. While JK Rowling has never failed to disappoint, so many other series have simply gone downhill. The fact is that once a series hits the halfway point, the author must stop weaving in the subplots and begin tying some of the threads into a real tapestry.<br/><br/>Well, on to book 6. This novel will probably not disappoint anyone as a complete work. Many fans of specific characters or romances may not have their dreams fulfilled, but it is safe to say that they will still enjoy the book. The story is well weaved and very interesting, the mysteries that are introduced do not fail to grip you (As you can tell from some of us finishing the book in 7 hours). There is fantastic humor in the novel, several times I caught myself laughing out loud. Most of my hopes for the development of the characters and relationships were borne out, and I found myself grinning with glee as some events played themselves out.<br/><br/>The portrayal of Harry as a boy on the verge of manhood is dead-on. He has learned a great deal from his emotional whirlwind in Book 5; he now sees the world from a much more mature perspective.<br/><br/>There are laughs to be had and tears to be shed and by the end of this book, enough secrets have been revealed and plots have been tied up to avoid the kind of cliffhanger feeling we all had after Book 5. It is safe to say that Book 7 will be the most exciting and amazing book of all.
 There were points during this book where I feared that previous plots would be rehashed in full (i.e. previous showdowns.)  The fact that this book is a bit shorter than the ones right before and after it contributed to my fears.  But, thankfully, I was proven wrong.  Some things were rehashed, but it's a book series...that's bound to happen.<br/>  So everyone knows that Lord Voldemort is back...took them long enough.  While the Ministry of Magic, now with a new Minister (I would have loved it if Fudge's dismissal had been included more directly) distributes defense tips that can be described as "ridiculous" at best, Albus Dumbledore and the Order of the Phoenix set out to take more practical approaches to combat the growing threat.  Meanwhile, changes once again occur at Hogwarts and a long-standing tradition is broken, all while someone plots to infiltrate the castle with inside help.<br/>  Okay, I really like Horace Slughorn.  Sure, he's pretentious, a bit arrogant, and definitely selective, openly picking out his favorite students and rewarding them while ignoring the rest altogether.  But, unlike pretty much everyone who shares a specific quality with him is the magical equivalent of being racist.  Horace Slughorn doesn't even come close to that and, given the context, the change is beyond refreshing.<br/>  In this installment, another major character dies and this parting will devastate like no other.  Once again, J. K. Rowling does not hold back.  If this doesn't motivate you to finish the series, you need to get your head examined...immediately!<br/>  The opening chapter was pretty cool.  So the Muggle government isn't completely oblivious to the magic around them...I smell some social commentary...just imagine that here in the U.S.  But it was a good element, though it felt slightly rushed.<br/>  I find it interesting that one of the central mysteries of this story has a resolution/revelation that ultimately wouldn't impact the plot at all.  I'm not saying its bad...in fact, I really like it as it offers some nice character insights.  It's just...interesting...someone definitely knew their stuff at a young age.<br/>  This book definitely has more romantic subplots than the previous ones...three come to mind right away.  I'd outright dislike them if I didn't love the characters and J. K. Rowling's storytelling capabilities throughout the series.  I do think that she sometimes tried a bit too hard to make absolutely sure that we understood that a "conventional" romantic pairing often found in literature wasn't happening here.  Subtlety is not a bad thing.<br/>  Harry's and Dumbledore's mission throughout the story was interesting, especially with all the memories that they looked at to learn more about Lord Voldemort and his past, but I do worry that this will all just become one of those quests we've seen so often before...the protagonists must find objects scattered and hidden in order to save the world.  I'm hoping that this won't be dull...Rowling's storytelling capabilities have a challenge like no other ahead of them.<br/>  But while we wait for the next book, go ahead and acquaint yourselves with this one.  It's short but it packs a punch.  Enjoy.
 Overall:<br/>--------<br/>2.5 stars -- The story is weak exposition (for the most part) filling in holes in the plot / milieu that needed to be filled before the conclusion of the series to satisfy the Harry Potter fan base.  The concept of Horcruxes is not new to the fantasy setting (many authors have used them before with wide circulation in the D&amp;D realm for Liches).  The death of Dumbledore is expected not the exact method of it.  The milieu is getting dark but does not quite feel right for where I would have taken the story.<br/><br/>Characters:<br/>-----------<br/>The use of the Pensieve for background development is a nice trick but seems to be used a bit much in the story.  You could have just had Dumbledore explain things which would have worked just a well.  The background of Tom Riddle is interesting but you quickly see how evil he is...did not need to belabour it as much as was done.  Harry is growing a bit but is still emotionally stunted compared to the other characters; I am not sure why this annoys me so much when I reading the books.  I guess I would like to see the characters learn from their mistakes instead of repeating them all the time.<br/><br/>Ron and Hermeine are clearly going to work out in the next book as are Ginny and Harry.<br/><br/>Snape is done very well in the book.  The death scene of Dumbledore is done very well with great impact.  The depth of Snape character is unmatched by the other characters in the entire story.  The underdog role of Snape in the face of constant social pressure and potential lethalness is very well done (inserting a bit from the last book).  The anger and betrayal felt in the death scene when Snape kills Dumbledore is well engineered and affective.<br/><br/>Draco: His true character is demonstrated -- a wuss.  He is all talk and no show.  I know JKR is going for redemption for him but he could really have had it.  Draco only realizes the implications of his actions late in the book and could done many things about it.<br/><br/>Dumbledore: Many things are annoying about him in this book.  The trying to make up for lost time with Harry is done pourly and ineffectively.  It would have been much easier to actually tell Harry things..but wait you can not do that as Harry has not learned to block out the Dark Lord as people have been trying to get to do that for three books but he is too proud / self-important to do it.<br/><br/>Plot:<br/>-----<br/>The plot is terribly weak.  Dumbledore's death is needed to advance the plot.  I must give credit to JKR for setting up the last book well in HBP.  She has done a very good job of laying out the plot many books ago and utilizing the plot hooks through the books.  The unfortunately part is that you have to read some slow scenes that in hind sight could have been removed.<br/><br/>The Horcruxes are over used in my mind.  Also, it should be nearly impossible to find them regardless of how much you have insight into the Dark Lord's mind.  A smart wizard would have taken much stronger methods of protection and obfuscation for the objects.<br/><br/>Actions:<br/>-------<br/>The action is lacking up until the end of the book.  The Death Eater raid on Hogworts is done fairly well.  However, I still do not understand why the "good guys" are not killing the Death Eaters outright.  There are many opportunities to do so.  It is a war; war is a terrible thing with terrible costs.  If the point is to show that violence and killing is bad, why not show the change in a beloved character after the battle where the character killed / executed a stunned Death Eater.  If you are going for dark in the story/setting, the rounding up and killing of the captured Death Eaters would drive the point home very easily.<br/><br/>American GIs were forced to kill or be killed in WWII.  When they came home, they did not discuss the fighting, horror and death but rather they did their best to celebrate life and build a better life for their families.  It was their personal sacrifice that led to their ability to achieve so much; the strongest people are forged in the hottest crucibles.<br/><br/>Action:<br/>-------<br/>It is fairly weak until the climax.<br/><br/>Prose:<br/>-------<br/>It is on par with the prior books -- aka not evolving much.<br/><br/>Summary:<br/>--------<br/>Overall: 2.5 stars<br/>Characters: 2.5 - 3 stars<br/>Plot: 1.5 - 2 stars<br/>Action: 2 stars until the end 3.5 - 4 stars (Dumbledores death is well done)<br/>Prose: 3 stars
 My name is Jameson Thottam and my family has been reading the Harry Potter series from start to finish.  In fact, watching the movies, and the books have been a Thottam family past time (filled with discussions on insider trading tips on what we think each new will bring and what sec rets the future holds for Harry.  This latest installment in the Harry Potter Saga is truly a winner with suspense, sadness and adventure all rolled into one (something you would expect no less from Rowlings imaginative brain).  Coming from corporate America (such firms as Morgan Stanley, IndyMac Bank and Homestore), I, Jameson Thottam, have found the series a nice respite from the day to day work life and a return to child like wonders for this Thottam family child at heart.  This book in particular captures the children in a more mature phase and seeing that evolution is always thrilling as we take part in their lives.<br/><br/>Hope you in enjoy this, as the Thottam family has,<br/><br/>-Jameson Thottam
 While a bit disappointed with the last book, "Order of the Phoenix," I was delighted with this penultimate Potter volume.<br/><br/>Leaner, better-organized, a combination of flashback, exposition, and scene-setter, the book is truly enjoyable, and I read it through very quickly.  As usual, Rowling does her best to provide a few intriguing foreshadowings at the beginning, then lulls us a bit with the daily life of Hogwarts before setting us on the roller-coaster ride of the climactic chapters.  It's a familiar pace, never more so in this book which brings back practically everyone and everything from the first 5 books, and yet it's executed more masterfully than ever.<br/><br/>Some may feel the teenage angst and romance is overblown, particularly the younger and older readers (I'm one of the latter!), but all in all I think it's merely an honest account of the characters, given their ages and circumstances.  What else would you expect at a co-educational wizarding school, after all?  Love potions, crushes, making out, raging hormones...I think Rowling handles it very well.  It's not as if it could leave these matters out and still be true-to-life, after all.<br/><br/>I'm not going to spoil the ending for those who still haven't read it (why HAVEN'T you??), but the climax was powerful, somewhat unexpected, logical, and baffling, all at the same time.  Not so much the final act, as it were, but the person who performs it.  Whew!  Didn't see that one coming.<br/><br/>Like everyone, I'm looking forward to the finale, and not only another terrific story, but the tying up of many, many loose ends.  Will Harry triumph?  And if so, how?  And what happens after that?<br/><br/>Hey, I'm a fan, I'm waiting for it just like the rest of you.  All the more so after this strong entry in the series.  Way to go, J.K.!
 The movie based on the sixth book, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, is coming out this year. Start with this book if you've already seen the other movies and don't want to read the first five. This is the penultimate in J. K. Rowling's series, and it continues with some of the same themes as the previous volumes as it builds to the conclusion in the seventh book. As she says, seven is a magical number, and it also figures into the plot of Half-Blood Prince, named for the unknown former owner of Harry's Potions textbook. The Prince's handwritten margin notes help Harry out on more than one occasion and not just in his school work. Half-Blood Prince answers a few nagging questions, such as why Voldemort thinks he's immortal and why the Defense Against the Dark Arts teaching position is a revolving door. It also seems to settle the matter of Snape's allegiance, but I'm reserving judgment until I've completed the series.
 This was such a great addition to the series. All the characters grew up so much. Like Harry and Ginny (Ron's sister) start dating,and there is alot of tension between Ron and Hermionie, obviously based on their strong feeling for on another. Of course, like the past 2 books before, someone extremley close to Harry just had to die, and of course, as more people pass, his personality changes. He's pretty much came from a little pleasant boy, to a man who can handle himself and I suppose his emotions. I can't wait for the movie to come out because this book, by far, would make the best movie. Anyone who reads this book should have read the others first. Rowling has made the characters grow drastically since their first times at Hogwarts.<br/><br/>The only complaint I had was the fact that everything went on forever, to the point where I actually looked to the ending of the story. Also, Ron and Hermonie's relationship goes no where, even though it was pulled throughout the whole story. In the end I found myself just a little disapointed, but not enough to give this book any less than 5 stars.
 I just find it amazing how consistant Ms. Rowling is , whether this is you favorite of the series or not, one must admit that the book is well thought out and a quick read, even at 600 or so pages.  I don't want to give up too much of the story, otherwise why read it, I'll just say that Harry finds love and an important character dies, by whose hand will surprise you and not surprise you, though I have a suspecion that the character may not really be dead, I think Ms. Rowling may be engaging in a bit of smoke and mirrors, we shall see, I look forward to finding out in the seventh and final book.  I always tell people, that you really have to look at the series as really one book in seven vol., some are better than others and everyone has their favorite, but they are all fun reads.  If you have enjoyed the series thus far, I can't imagine you not enjoying this book on some level, it may not be The Goblet of Fire, but it is action packed and it does move the story along, I highly recommend it, but don't make it your first Harry Potter book, read them in order, you will enjoy this book more, I assure you.  I also highly recommend the audio book, in c.d. or cassette, Jim Vale, the narrator, does an amazing job, he really makes the book come alive.
 The Boy Who Lived returns to Hogwarts for the sixth year. Voldemort's return is public knowledge, but he gathered power while the Ministry of Magic denied Dumbledore and Harry's claims. The book opens with Severus Snape making a cryptic promise to Narcissa Malfoy, in a scene that sets the novel's dark tone.<br/><br/>Rowling has magic in her pen. Her prose may not always flow and some plot twists might be obvious, but few books are as fun to read as the Harry Potter series. Her Hogwarts imposes itself on the reader's imagination - children across the world hope for an invitation on their eleventh birthdays. I devoured this and her other six books because she catches your attention and holds it.<br/><br/>Despite this, I feel Rowling became less descriptive in this entry. Some parts seem rushed and it damages her fantastic world-building. It also ensures that Harry seems blander. Most fans hate OoTP Harry. I, on the other hand, think it is his best incarnation. He's temperamental, impulsive, hormonal, and often quite stupid. Rarely does an author write a teenager that perfectly. With this less emotional Harry, more emotional remove exist between the reader and his grief and crushes.<br/><br/>But while I feel remove from his crush, Rowling develops one relationship I hoped for in many of the previous books. She also, FINALLY, grants Draco Malfoy some character development. Long a fan favorite and a key figure in many of the best fanfictions, the Malfoy of the books left something to be desired. Namely, a third-dimension. DH does not focus on Malfoy, but it does continue this development with some wonderfully done scenes involving the entire family.<br/><br/>In the end, the flaws of HBP don't matter. It's the sixth book of the most popular series ever. The Harry Potter books may not be perfect, but they are something special.<br/><br/> ...]
 Very few books affect me with the quantity of sadness, anger, hope and every emotion in between that I felt while reading The Half-Blood Prince. I am twenty-seven now but reading about Harry, Hermione and Ron brings me right back to the depths (and heights) of my adolescents. I remember liking certain girls and never knowing how to show it, and I remember the jealousy I felt towards those who didn't get tong tied at the sight of a pretty girl. Ron and Harry both undergo this.<br/><br/>J.K. Rowling must be a wonderful mother because she shows empathy for the troubles of young adults that most "young adult" writers do not.<br/><br/>If you have not read any of the series yet all I can say is, "What are you waiting for"? If you start now you may be able to catch up by the last book, if the seventh really is the last!<br/><br/>If you have read the others, buy this quick before it goes back up to regular price, $29.99! You will not be disappointed that you did.
 I became a HP fan through my daughter, stepdaughter &amp; niece.  I took them to see the first movie, and the next day bought all available HP books, and have bought the rest the day they came out.  The books are MINE, and stay in MY room.  The kids, including my daughter, are allowed to BORROW them, but not KEEP them, because they are MINE!!<br/><br/>The weekend HP6 came out was PERFECT for reading..raining and dreary.  I read it in one day (I'm 40, and I've had a lot of practice.)  and when I was finishing that night, I was bawling my eyes out.  Both my husband and daughter thought I'd gone nuts, until I told them what happened.  (I'm not going to say..don't want to spoil it for anyone. All I will say is the character who dies is a major, major character.  Course, at this late date, who doesn't know?)  Gimme a break..I've gotten attached to these characters(people).<br/><br/>It is a rare book that can affect me this way.  I've been reading since I was 4 years old, and only three books have made me cry--this one, Suzanne's Letters to Nicholas, and White Fang.<br/><br/>The book is masterfully written, and takes you up and down an emotional roller coaster.  Draco always makes you want to reach in and yank off his ears, Snape gets me so p**** I snap at every body, and I was so happy when Harry finally hooks up with Ginny and Hermione with Ron!!  I was just as crushed when Harry decides to do what he does at the end, and touched when Ron &amp; Hermione join him.  But, they are teenagers..and to teenagers, their friends are their world.<br/><br/>I CAN BARELY WAIT FOR SEVEN!!
 I am shocked at some of the mixed reviews posted below??! I found "Half-Blood Prince" to be one of the best novels of the series so far, ranking right up there with "Prisoner of Azkaban" as not only a great "Harry Potter" book, but as a great book...period. The character development, the action, the back story of a "certain" character are fantastic. Rowling has really outdone herself when it comes to writing scenery and setting. The entire "lake of the dead" scene was extremely well written, and the tension buidling up throughout this novel was wonderfully handled. This novel contains everything fans of the series have come to expect, wonderfully imaginative, while at the same time easy to relate to. If you are are curious about all of the attention this series is garnering world-wide, but have yet to crack open one of these books, do yourself a favor and dive in right away. Of course, don't start you journey here, pick up the story with the first book, even if you have seen the films that have been done so far, read the books, there is so much more to each book that just doesn't make it into the finished films. "Half-Blood Prince" deserves they hype it is getting, as does the entire series so far.
 It's been difficult for me to get into the Harry Potter books, having already seen all of the movies to this point. However, when the theatrical release of this film was pushed back into 2009, I thought now was a good time to try again with this one. THAN GOODNESS I DID! I've even started going backwards in the series.<br/><br/>What a great read. Rowling's writing is quite good. The scenes are very well described, and the character development is exactly where it needs to be. Rowling really makes you care about the characters all throughout this book (as well as previous installments).<br/><br/>I found the climax to be rewarding, and quite descriptive. I really cannot wait to see the new ideas in the book brought to life in the movie.<br/><br/>For those who've found the books difficult to get into, and have seen the movies, this one is a GREAT read while waiting for the "Half-Blood Prince" to debut in the theatre.
 Although I'm in my 70's, i thoroughly enjoyed the series. I read the first book just to help me interest my 11 year old grandson in the book. I enjoyed it so much I continued on and finished the whole series.  Still working on my grandson. :-)  if you want to read Harry Potter, start with the first book in the series.
 For those disappointed by the surly Harry of book five (a group that I am in), Half-blood Prince is a welcome return to a hero that one can again endorse. With Rowling aging the characters on through school, there is surely no room for the innocent hero we met six Hogwarts-years ago. However, unlike the annoying teen of Order of the Phoenix, Harry has crossed through that season to become a pleasantly mature version of the original child. Where there was innocence there is now nobility. Where there was the likable there is now the admirable. Where there was precocious independence, there is now a precocious sense of duty. The Harry of book six is truly well received. The further budding romances of the crew are less entertaining--age appropriate, one supposes, but of little additional value. The story itself is neither the best nor worst of the series, but a solid bridge along the path to the ultimate conclusion. The least able to stand alone (in fact, I can't imagine this volume being enjoyable read outside of the context of the series) it fits nicely in the chronology. All in all, an entertaining addition to the chronicle, an entertaining summer read, and yet another well-told tale.
 This morning I woke up with a dull, aching, stung feeling in my heart.  Why?  Because I began, and finished, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince yesterday, JK Rowling's 6th book in the series.  Much like The Order of the Pheonix, Rowling manages to make the readers of her book feel as much as the characters, even hours, possibly days or weeks after you have finished it.<br/><br/>The 6th Harry Potter book picks up in a slightly different way - the first two chapters are not Dursley filled, in fact the Dursley's hardly appear at all.  The wizarding world is no longer the blissful place Harry entered into 6 years ago, and I'm sure many of you can guess why.  Still smarting from the losses and destruction from the previous novel, Harry is scooped up from the Dursley's by none other than Dumbledore himself (and no this isn't a spoiler, it's on the jacket cover) who is looking worse for wear.<br/><br/>The rest of the story follows the adventures at Hogwarts.  The students have a new teacher - a sociable man named Slughorn with a penchant for well-connected students.  It also covers the usual tales of Quidditch, how the students are doing in school, relationships, and their futures.<br/><br/>Interestingly, in every Harry Potter book Harry, Ron and Hermoine come up with theories or uncover clues that might lead them to figure out what down and dirty scheme is going on over on the dark side this year. Order of the Phoenix had many of their theories go completely wrong or just be abandoned.  Obviously frustrated with how things went last year, many of their guesses or concerns go unanswered, despite Harry's insistence on certain points.  Another difference in this book is how there isn't really a connecting theme they are trying to uncover all semester.  The Half-Blood Prince the story is named after, and Dumbledore's lessons, are the only real threads that link the entire book together and lead up to the climax of the story.<br/><br/>Ultimately this book is about truth - the truth of the past, the truth of how each of the characters feels at present, and the truth as to what Harry must do in the future.  For the first time ever, in an interesting twist, Rowling explains what Harry will be doing in the next book.  Many character's final intentions are determined by the end of the story to be developed in the next.<br/><br/>I know some people will be disappointed with this book, and I can understand why.  The thing we all need to understand is Harry Potter is no longer about a boy entering the wizarding world and learning magic at school.  It's about a young man being part of a wizarding world and fighting to save it.  The books are no longer quite as school central, and after this one I don't think they will be concerned with Hogwarts very much at all, because after all the series is called Harry Potter...not Hogwarts.  These last 3 books (5, 6, 7) are all very inter-connected, although many of the events in the first four play up to what Harry learns in this book.  If you've read the series you can't miss this one, becaues when you're done you'll be prepared to hit the ground running with Harry in the last chapter of his life - as written by JK Rowling.  Bravo!
 In Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince, J.K. Rowling's sixth installment, Harry and his friends are once again at Hogwartz.<br/><br/>Now Harry has meetings with Dumbledore about how to defeat Voldemort. Dumbledore urges Harry to try and get a memory from Professor Slughorn. With the help of the Felix Felicis luck potion, Harry gets the memory and when Dumbledore and Harry look at it through the Pensieve, they find important information.<br/><br/>Lord Voldermort made himself into seven horcruxes so he could be immortal. Dumbledore and Harry decide to go to one of Voldemort's childhood visits. Their mission is to get hold and destroy one of the seven horcruxes.<br/><br/>Through the process Dumbledore becomes weak and eventually dies when Professor Snape kills him. A note in the horcrux says that it is not the real horcrux and is already discovered. It is from the controversial "R.A.B." who is suspected to be Sirius's brother Regulus.<br/><br/>I believe this Harry Potter was very good and informative about some questions I was interested in. I was disappointed that the book was focused on the meetings and the Prince's Potions Book, and not so much on the children in school and their interaction, which has been the backbone of the series. I think J.K. should remember it's a kids book and should not be a war as started in book four. Because of that, there wasn't much of Neville and Luna, and not enough of Ginny.<br/><br/>Overall it was very good and a must read in the series. It is a bridge to book seven and can't be skipped.
 I love the development of Tom Riddle's past. (Quite surprising, since all the fanfic stories I've seen speculated that his mother was a seductive and powerful witch.) Those flashback scenes are my favorite parts of the book. I have to agree with those who might say the novel as a whole was rather meandering and short on plot, otherwise, until the build-up to the climactic and very sad conclusion. I was warned not to peek ahead at the last 2 pages, and that's excellent advice. What a shock! (Hint: Reminiscent of Buffy at the end of Season 2.) However, because I love backstory in almost any work of fiction, and character interaction is more important to me than "action," I didn't mind the relative lack of plot complexity. I also enjoyed the first chapter very much, as I would like to know more of how the magical folk interact with Muggle society, so I was sorry that topic was dropped after Chapter One.<br/><br/>RE timeliness: Yes, books 5 and 6 have a noticeable post-9-11 flavor. However, any "coded" meaning of horcruxes is purely coincidental. That's a variant on a widespread folklore theme -- the evil wizard (giant, etc.) who keeps his heart in a secret place separate from his body so he can't be killed. I'm impressed by Rowling's cleverness in adapting this motif, esp. with the notion of splitting the "heart" (soul) into 7 parts.
 Good reading, but slightly disappointing. Well, we knew already in last July  that book six was supposed to give some hints how to beat Voldemort. We also knew that Harry is not going to beat the Dark lord in this book, because otherwise there is no need to write book seven. As well, there is nothing more left to say about Hogwart , as everything has already been said in previous books... so there is nothing unexpected in all those "unexpected" twists at the very end (well, I am not going to spoil it for you anyway).<br/><br/>So, the only disappointing thing is actually that JKR follows the scheme so diligently; even the sweet romances of adolescence that were expected at this point are present. All of this is still fun read, but what I really wanted to get is something extraordinary to happen...probably got spoiled by the first books from series. Anyway, I'd like to know the end - so I am waiting for next year installment.<br/><br/>As an afterthought - as a parent of 6-year old girl, I am going to wait at least another year to give her even the first book of Harry Potter (even though, influenced by all PR, she is trying to search the bookshelves and find the hidden six volumes). As for the sixth volume, this is definitely not kids' reading.
 it was a briliant book,but so sad when dumbedore dies!!! i loved this book like all the others (except for number 8,that book is an outrage!) i dont like how they reveal snape is the half blood prince, its just one sentance that sorta gets lost in all the drama and you just forget about it!  anyway being the humongous  harry potter fan i am, i am happy to say that this book ticks 99% of the boxes!!!!!!! so happy with this series!!!!!
 The Half-Blood Prince overall is an excellent addition to the Harry Potter series.  Perhaps the best part of this book are the informal instruction that is given to Harry by Dumbledore.  The insight into Voldemort's past gives him a good deal more depth.  Rather than just seeing a despicable amoral villain, we know understand that he was a troubled child that progressed into a souless monster.  It makes the story more believable, as other characters similarly become rounded-out and more real.<br/><br/>I kind of enjoy the mind games JK plays on the readers regarding Snape, a character I grow to appreciate more and more.  Where are his loyalties?  Was Dumbledore's trust in Snape his tragic flaw, as he viewed the best in everyone (such as Tom Riddle) or is there another explanation? Either way Snape is clearly a double (triple) agent and hopefully he will factor heavily with the outcome of the series.<br/><br/>When looking back on Book 5 and how it connects with this book, I see how failure, along with death, both reveal hard lessons for the characters and the reader.  In previous volumes, Harry triumphs over evil, with astouding skill and intellect (and help from his friends).  What we see in book 5 and 6 is that even the best fail in some manner, and that ultimately makes the characters more real for the reader.<br/><br/>There are of course some moments which distract slightly from the quality of the book.  Some dramatic moments and possiblities are left out, such as an account of Dumbledore's trouble with the ring.  Some of the battle with the Order and Death Eaters prior to Harry's arrival could have been seen first hand rather than reported later.  But these are minor problems in a rather good book.<br/><br/>Harry's obsession with Malfoy is hard to take at some moments, as well as the teenage melodrama.  In Young Adult fiction, those things are all excusable however, and this book was entertaining like the rest, one of the best in the series.  I'm looking forward to the last book in the series and hoping that all the plot threads come together and there is a fitting end.
 Upon Harry's entry into his sixth year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry he is met by numerous changes from the previous year.  Amongst other things, he is now the captain of the Quidditch team...and of course, he has to deal with the new Defense Against the Dark Arts instructor.  Harry also gains some much needed insight into how Voldemort -- the wizard who killed his parents -- became the threat to the wizarding community (and most especially Harry) that he is.<br/><br/>I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  Harry's interaction with his classmates, his instructors, and most especially with Dumbledore, changes drastically in this book compared with the previous ones.  Harry is no longer a child.  Nor are his friends.  Both Harry and his friends begin to act like the adult Wizards and Witches they are becoming...and the adults are starting to seem them as such as well.  This combination of more information into the inner-workings of evil ala Lord Voldemort and Harry's (and his compatriots') burgeoning adult status, make for a very interesting and page-turning sixth installment in Rowling's story.  This book is highly recommended to all those who have enjoyed Harry's story in the past and who look forward to the culmination of Rowling's tale.
 I love the Harry Potter series and I'm reading all of the books for the second time, after, of course, seeing all the movies. I have been ordering these books on my Kindle, even though I own all of them, because of the massive size and weight of the books.  Also, I'm going to Harry Potter World in about a week! I think the books get better as they go. I'm now reading the last one and will be sorry to have them end once again.
 The sixth book in the Harry Potter series finds the boy wizard of the same name, in his sixth year at Hogwart's School of Wizardry and Witchcraft.  While the book delves into the education of a sixth year student, it also traces the backstory of Lord Voldemort's evil beginings.  At first, I wasn't sure why, as a reader, we needed this information.  But why we need to know this information about Lord Voldemort will become apparent by the end of the book.  While other reviewers and articles have compared the sixth installation to the "Lord of the Rings", I often found myself thinking of the Star Wars saga (episodes 4, 5 and 6).  This book moves the story forward, much like "Empire Strikes Back" but also provides us with the necessary information we will need in order to read book 7 of Harry's adventures, or viewing "Return of the Jedi".<br/><br/>While this book did not have the wide eyed wonder of the earlier Harry books, it shows how both the boy wizard and the author have matured.  As promised, this book continues towards the darker side of humanity, carrying forward what was set forth in books 4 and 5.  However, the darkness is necessary.  As we have discovered in previous books, the ultimate theme is that of good versus evil which cannot be handled in a happy, candy pathed manner.  With every passing book, Rowling shows how she has grown as a writer with character and plot development, as well as more elaborate storytelling.<br/><br/>You will not be disappointed in reading this book if you are a true Harry Potter fan.  There is plenty of action, adventure and intrigue.<br/><br/>A word of advice....try to space out the reading of this book in at least a few installments (I myself, read it in three days, at about seven different sittings).  You'll want to space it out a bit.  Remember, book 7 is at least a few years away. Once this one is done, you'll just have to wait and wait for the final chapters of Harry's life to unfold.
 I hadn't been paying attention to the rumors, and so the death came as a complete surprise to me.  I'm not sure what JK Rowling thinks she's doing, creating such a wonderful fantasy and then taking unprecedented stabs (magic ones) at her characters once her readers are hopelessly absorbed by them.  This is the second time this has happened to me.<br/><br/>I couldn't put the book down until I was done with it.  The plot is a bit more sluggish than previous installments, but right about the halfway point, it suddenly picks up and doesn't let go.  It's interesting throughout, and many characters are carefully studied and natures revealed.<br/><br/>The entire book is a study on what makes people evil.  Turns out you can't always tell who's good and who's evil by what they say, or what side they think they are on.  Not always by how they behave either.  Oh, it's hard to discuss without revealing any of the important info, which I won't do.  People are complex.  That's the best part of this series.  Harry is the Hero, but isn't convinced of it.  Snape has characteristics of both sides; so, frankly, does Sirius Black.  And James Potter.  Even Draco is more complex than has been revealed til now.  Few are completely good or completely evil.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince shows realistic characters, well-thought-out plot twists, and suspense.  My favorite aspect of the book was all the break-ups and the way the characters fell in love with others.  This shows how realistic Rowling is when she writes these excellent books.<br/><br/>  Now, the characters use a bad hand gesture, they swear, etc.  This is as realistic as book characters can get.  And I'm glad Rowling went this way with her characters.<br/><br/>  The plot takes you one way for a while, then you encounter a plot-twist and you are jerked into another part.  This is what kept me going: the story is so exciting!  I never would have guessed who the half-blood prince is.  Rowling really makes you think in this book.<br/><br/>Everything was suspenseful; from the moment the Hogwarts Express slowed at a halt to the dangerous journeys Harry goes on.  Everything was so perfect--I finished it in 3 days.<br/><br/>And these are the reasons why Ithink this is the best Harry Potter book yet--the characters are amazing, the plot glues your face to the book, and you'll be surprised at the ending-trust me.<br/><br/>This book?  It's just an example of Rowling's impeccable talent at storytelling.  Yes, it is a dark tale, but this adds to excitement.  I'm glad the series is no longer happy all the time.  What are you waiting for?  Grab this book while it's hot.
 While the text is riddled with repetition, the action is slow-moving and contained within the last fifty pages, the work is a decent prelude to the final book.<br/><br/>It is darker and more adult than the last, but undoubtedly much better. Rowling has benefited from shortening her tale, although this book felt too much like a conclusion of Book 5 and the opening of Book 7 to be constructed as a work in itself. Similarly, the series undoubtedly draws on other texts like 'Lord of the Rings' etc, and this becomes increasingly evident within Book 6.<br/><br/>Furthermore, it holds an odd space as an adult text that has cornered a child/teenage market, and the writing is a weird mixture of complex ideas (i.e. spliting the soul) and childlike writing. I cannot possibly fathom why parents would consider reading this to their young children or why it is not considered an entirely adult work, when it so clearly is.<br/><br/>Thankfully, Rowling has not fallen into the trap of making her text predictable, although the ideas come far too late, as does the introduction of the Half-Blood Prince. Dumbledore's revelations should have started earlier to really make the work as gripping as Rowling's earlier pieces.
 There are tons of reviews on here so I will keep this short. This book simply sets up the scenario for the seventh book. This is the first novel in the series that there is no resolution to conflict and there is a definite hook that makes you want the next novel immediately. There is also the death of one of the major characters. I have not liked all the Harry Potter novels, but I really liked this novel. It was suspenseful and read very fast. It takes you through Harry's sixth year at Hogwarts. One of the problems that I have had with this series is trying to remember all the events that have happened in past books and getting frustrated because I could not link them into what I was currently reading. For some reason I think Rowling must have understood this was a problem with readers because I found in this book that she did a great job giving us reminders of what had happened in the past. It made it so much easier to read and understand.
 I am rather surprised at the seemingly large number of reviewers who are giving the Half-Blood Prince anything less than a full 5 stars.  I have long believed that we as a society sell our children short, way short.  I really have no idea why, either.  Certainly the Order of the Phoenix and this installment are darker and written more on the level of an adult rather than a 12 year old, but both of my children who are quite young have both picked Phoenix as their favorite novel thus far (this was before reading Prince).  Why do we constantly under-estimate children so much that we fail to realize they are way more perceptive than we understand?  The same is true for the half-witted Ultra-Conservative's who believe that reading Harry Potter will endanger our children into believing that witchcraft is real enough that one day they will be jumping off cliffs with a broom, crashing and then wondering why it did not work.  I have yet to meet up with a single child who is old enough to read and comprehend these books that CANNOT discern between fantasy and reality.  Whatever can get our children to read in the quantities that Harry Potter has managed MUST be good.<br/><br/>Back to the story.  I heard recently that Mrs. Rowling has had the first chapter to Half-Blood floating around her head for going on near 13 years.  It's a good chapter which helps us to better understand the Uproar over Voldemort and his Return and how it has begun to affect the Muggles.  Too many people have been loading their reviews with spoilers (which without *warning* are uncalled for and totally tasteless) and I refuse to mess with that.  Suffice it to say that I have enjoyed literally every second I have spent in Harry's World.  As it is I have been enormously stubborn in getting INTO that world from the very beginning because I am an adult and I simply do NOT read children's novels (other than to my kids).  I can't say exactly why I chose to delve into these books, but I have been VERY happy I did so.<br/><br/>Many have picked on Harry in the last book because of how he complained too much -- but if one can properly suspend your disbelief in order to accept a fantasy world where Wizards and Witches live side-by-side, is it SO hard to imagine a 15 year old boy who is facing the pressures of life the way Harry has done and done so well?  I know if NO teenager that DOESN'T complain...just imagine the moaning and complaining you could hear if they experienced the pressure of life as Harry is living it?  'Nuff said.  Harry IS growing up and with the Half-Blood Prince we see him maturing even more and slowly but surely accepting his role as the Chosen One.  He is definitely growing up as he discovers that his destiny, although not written yet, is unavoidably connected with He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named.  A showdown is definitely in the works, and I am incredibly anxious to see just how the series will wrap up in volume 7, due sometime just past the end of my patience...<br/><br/>While Dumbledore was remarkably absent from a great deal of Phoenix, he returns in fine form here in Prince and his connection with Harry as well as the amazingly detailed back-story regarding Tom Riddle and his eventual down-turn into Lord Voldemort was absolutely facinating.  I could tell you a LOT that would make you WANT to read this story more than you probably already do, but I don't wish to spoil any of it for you.  There ARE some pretty big surprises here and there and while I never really came close to crying at the *Death* everyone seems to be referring to, it DID hit me quite a bit more than the loss of Sirius Black (to be honest, I am still not all that convinced he is gone forever anyway...).  For those who say this book is NOT for children, I will agree -- only to an extent.  I believe if the child is old enough to read and really comprehend this series, Half-Blood Prince is NOT too graphic or dark for them...however if you are a parent who will be reading this to a child under the age of 7 or so, you may wish to pre-read the chapters in advance so you can know when and where to do some careful editing.  You'll know when and where when you get there.  All in all this is another triumph for the fans of this amazingly creative stories of Harry and his life at Hogwarts and the world as a whole re-imagined in a way nobody but J.K. Rowling could tell it.  Highly recommended.
 There is very little one could say to sway you from one side to the other of the Potter spectrum.  If you love the series you are going to read this book anyway and if you don't, well then you probably will pass on this.  That would be a mistake.  With her sixth and penultimate novel in the Harry Potter series, Mrs. Rowling enters the realm of the adult.  Not only does she depict the day to day lives of the average teenager with brutal honesty (the scenes with Ron and Hermione's repressed love are particularly keen) but she also manages to dull the line between good and evil.  And if that weren't enough, she shows that not only is Harry just an average boy, but Dumbledore is also very capable of making mistakes.<br/><br/>The characters have developed in this book unlike they have through the whole series.  They are textured and they are complex, and they do things that even they can't explain.  Ron starts going out with Lavender because he finds out that Hermione probably kissed Victor Krum.  Typical teenager nonsense, but Rowling manages to give it a weight and complexity that normal teenage dramas cannot sustain.<br/><br/>When the end comes, and boy does it come, we learn about Horcruxes and divided souls, and a terrifying werewolf named Fenrir Greyback.  We also learn about the youth of Voldemort and the mortalitly of a beloved character.  When it was all over, however, I was not sure I believed that what happened was not necessarily a grand ruse.  No matter how you see it, you will be aching for the next book and hoping that Mrs. Rowling once again demonstrates her ability to layer the subtle complexities of teenage life over the final installment of the battle between good and evil.
 I finished Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince in two days.  J.K. Rowlings did a surperb job yet again.  Book six nearly completes the adventure.  It goes into great detail about the prophecy (introduced in the order of the phoenix)...how it came to be, how it will affect Harry, how Voldemort interpreted it, and how it must be fulfilled. Harry learns what he must do to kill Voldermort and is devising a strategy to carry out the task.<br/><br/>  What I like most about the book is witnessing the coming of age of the main characters.  How Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny will partake in adolescence crushes that have the makings of turning into love.  I also enjoyed the fact that Harry deveoped a wonderful, respectful..trusting father-and-son like bond with Professor Dumbledore.  I was truly touched by it.<br/><br/>  My main beef with this book was that one of the main characters dies when you least expect it.  I don't think that any fan of the Harry Potter books wanted such an important person to die. It was a total shocker and I am still in mourning.  And the real shocker is that this person was killed by a friend....I can't believe it.  How will Harry ever survive this shocker when I can't.  Anyway it was a great read and I can't wait to read the finale (Book 7).
 By now you've read that Book Six is a lot of set-up, back-story, character history, etc. While it's true many people--especially kids age 9-14--expect and demand highly-anticipated "action sequences" like the chaotic spell-zapping ones climaxing Books 4,5, and now 6, the simple act of telling a tale has for millenia engaged and entertained people. Rowling's long passages delving into Voldemort's "back-story" will entertain you not only because Voldemort's life story is interesting, but because she tells the story so well.<br/><br/>First, Rowling does not rely on expository; she does not subject readers to long passages of description and set-up in which no one but an omniscent narrator speaks. Instead, she uses the clever device of the Pensieve (a bowl-like receptacle for threads of people's memories) to plunge both Harry and the reader directly into the memory/back-story. What we end up with is witty dialogue and character set-up to rival any of the scenes taking place at Hogwarts in the "present." For example, the scene in which the Gaunt family is introduced is quietly  compelling; consider the rawness of the setting and characters, Mr. Gaunt's abusive behavior towards his family, and the pathetic young daughter whom we can sense will later become important. That Mr. Gaunt can be so derisive towards Muggles and Half-Bloods while himself living in utter squalor is consistent with contradictory human nature; Rowling knows humans are more entertaining than character types, and her writing here reflects this.<br/><br/>The "memories" which reveal Tom Riddles' childhood are the best.Tom Riddle is fascinating, much more so than Lord Voldemort. This is one of the reasons why Chamber of Secrets held so much interest for me; despite the childish characters and less-mature themes, we got to meet Tom. Now, in Book 6, we really get to see Tom Riddle in action. The Pensieve reveals to us a portrait of villainous boyhood, and that's just plain chilling. Because modern society socializes us to associate childhood with innocence, "bad seed" children are both completely shocking and completely compelling. Rowling effectively demonstrates this with her crafting of the Tom Riddle persona.<br/><br/>Back at Hogwarts, Rowling's choice of romantic interest for Harry is appropriate and consistent with his character and previous books. You might be a little alarmed at the speed at which the young lady jumps from secondary character of intermittent significance to "Love Interest," but by the last scene at the funeral, you'll be fairly convinced of the depth of Harry's emotion for this girl.<br/><br/>Professor Slughorn is a delightful character, and has displaced the acerbic McGonagall and erudite Lupin as my favorite of all  Hogwarts professors. The brandy-sipping, clotheshorse, gourmand  Slughorn is essentially a LUSH, which is always funny, but it's his witty and genial manner--even while outright "dissing" students, staff, or Hagrid's pets--that makes him so amusing. Rowling is good at portraying him as an essentially good-natured--if hedonistic--man whose tendencies have led him to make some disturbing and potentially devastating choices. We'll probably see in Book 7 if his nature will be a help or a hurdle to Harry and his co-horts on the side of good.<br/><br/>To sum it up for you sans "spoilers": Voldemort as you are used to him does not put in an appearance here. Evil is revealed in other ways and through other individuals. Tom Riddle's story will chill and ensnare you. You might end up feeling rather sorry for Draco Malfoy. And if you're nine, a specter more disturbing than Voldemort might be the mental images of your heroes and heroines "snogging," arms and limbs "entangled."<br/><br/>Topics and themes explored include: the ineffectiveness of government and infrastructure in the face of chaos, human weakness as a window for evil,  Bad Seed-type origins of evil (Nature or Nurture?), Mentor-Apprentice/ Father-Son relationships, feminist critiques and critiques of feminism (Hermione is offended women are less likely to be thought capable of evil), free will vs. prophecy.<br/><br/>You will be treated to witty and inventive byplay throughout. This is probably the most amusing (in terms of dialogue) of the books thus far; even Ron and Professor Trelawney have a dry rejoinder now and then ("Essence of Insanity?"; "bedbugs, my boy.")<br/><br/>No,it is not the *best* book thus far. In some ways, it is not even perhaps an improvement over Book Five. You may be slightly dissapointed if you expect lots of Quidditch, lots of "action," or drawn-out and complex climax scenes. You may feel confusion over Rowling's choices here, some of which may feel inconsistent or out-of-the-blue  (like the afore-mentioned Harry Love Interest ambush, Harry's sudden maturity and comparative lack of anguish over the death at the end, the reason behind Tonk's recent apathy, etc.), but if you have loved any of the previous books, you probably have the patience and appreciation to stick with Rowling and trust she has more tricks up her sleeve.<br/><br/>Like Slughorn would, I hope Harry Potter connoisseurs take the time to relish Book 6's  intricacies of character development, dialogue, and, yes, plot.
 Harry Potter #6, though possibly better than other books in the series, this book didn't quite make my favorite's list. The plot was exciting, however less engaging and the emotional struggles were less moving than one might expect them to have been.<br/>Rowling gives readers a better look at many changes in characters, but most of these glimpses I found disappointing.<br/>I’ve had six books now to build up these complaints, so please don’t read too much into it. I still love the series, I enjoyed this book and I’ve already started on book seven. The plot and character dramas were interesting and exciting and it is definitely a series that I would recommend!
 HARRY POTTER AND THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE finds our young bespectacled hero going through his sixth year at Hogwarts with best friends Ron and Hermione.  Outside the school, war rages in the world of wizards as Voldemort's servants sow murder and destruction, and the body count continues to grow - a stunning parallel to the recent terrorist attacks in London - but for the Hogwarts students, life (and class) goes on, and with a much more pleasant atmosphere than last year, when the poisionous Dolores Umbridge usurped control of the school.<br/><br/>And for Harry, a few unexpected surprises.  There's a series of meetings with his beloved mentor, Professor Dumbledore, who intends to show Harry what Voldemort was like as a young boy, and how this may hold the key to his ultimate defeat.  And then there's Horace Slughorn, a Slytherin teacher that Harry can actually develop a liking for (and the feeling is mutual, but with a slight twist).  And there's someone out there known as "The Half-Blood Prince" who's supplying Harry with some much needed help.  But there are many of the same old problems as well - run-ins with Professor Snape, the search for a girlfriend, and the unpredictable chemistry between Ron and Hermione.<br/><br/>If there's only one problem with the book, it's that the editing may be just a little TOO tight.  As a result, a lot of important secondary characters get very little time in this book - even Professor McGonagall herself is almost invisible at times.  But the pace is always brisk, never sluggish, and the depth of the characters is still maintained throughout the book.<br/><br/>No spoilers in this review, but I can tell you this much about the book's final chapters: J.K. Rowling is definitely not making all of this up as she goes along, as David Lynch and Mark Frost did with TWIN PEAKS.  You get the very real sense that the end of an era is coming - both for Harry Potter and for the faithful readers of his series.  And thanks to the excellent storytelling in THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE, it's been a wonderful and thrilling journey.
 I can't decide if this is my favorite book.  This the forth and the third I think are at a dead tie.  I love the Harry Potter series.  They are some of my favorite books.  This book did not let me down. I am not going to lie.  The fifth book disapointed me a great deal.  The story was long and drawn out.  There wasn't really a good plot to it.  No crazy twists and my second favorite charactor DIED!  But this books was much diffrent.  From start to finish it wass AMAZING!  The only slight thing I did not like, not enought to give it 4 stars, was the amount or romance.  J.K. had not writen hardly any romance before this book.  Well, that is, unless you count Harry's romance with Cho Chang.  Once agian, retarded part of the 5th book that seemed to have not point.  This book was start to finish romance.  Now, I love a good romance, but like 6 coupled have them!  Spread it out a bit kid...<br/><br/>Anyway, read this book!  You won't be disapointed.  J.K. made sure of that one.  Since when does she leave cliff hangers anyway!  I am proud of her for that one.  I think I am going to break my arms off waiting for this next book!  Good ending, the last hundred pages kept me squirming all night!  It only took me two days to read.  I couldn't put it down.  Make sure not to miss this one!
 After her rather dissaisfyingly written fifth volume, Ms Rowling apparently felt the need to reconsider her writing.<br/><br/>This sixth episode closely recalls the second one: once again she uses a fairy tale approach, rich in descriptions of everyday magical life at school to tell a gloom story of death and insanity.<br/><br/>It worked very well in the Chamber of Secrets but does not really work here: the story holds of course, Hogwarts is alive and keeps the reader's imagination alive too, but the plot is lacking in suspence and even, strange to say, in her author's usual sense of humour.<br/><br/>I could not really worry about Malfoy's machinations nor could I really relate with the characters' love troubles because they never really came to life to me; a sort of detachment filters through the lines as if Ms Rowling were a little tired of her novels.<br/><br/>The whole conclusion, soon after the final battle, felt rhetorical and unconvincing, not to mention the fact that it is hard to understand how Harry keeps on surviving deadly foes being after all an average wizard.<br/><br/>I really hope the soon to be published seventh book will make up for all these flaws so that we shall not have to complain about an excellent story gone to waste.
 Getting interested in Harry Potter was rather challanging, having followed the series by way of media reviews, though I had picked up book #3, Prisoner of Azkaban in 2001. My intrigue with book #6 began precipitously, while browsing in a store, again wondering why it would attract my attention...because, you see, I am in my sixties.<br/><br/>Inspired by the influences of modern culture on children, I began considering the book in terms of its social angle that embraces the very plot it portrays. And you may have guessed it...I was compelled to pick up all six books, in order, to make sense reading book #6.Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince was slow reading at first, but, it quickly gained momentum through long tunnels of anticipation. The plot was expertly strung in seemingly back flashes and remenescing the past, but none that took away its suspense, magic, and wizadry.<br/><br/>Harry approaches adulthood, having been prepared to take on the streets for the final test. The sadness and great pain in facing the death of someone so close to him demonsrates his maturity. There is a subtle cultural transformation embroiling the good and bad, while a streak of violence in mysticism is at times unsettling. Ms. Rowling has presented a social scenario,  where children encounter obstacles, adventures, temptations, and calamities...and then there is redemption...sidestepping fundamental virtues, which could have prevented them from the outset.<br/><br/>There is a hint of a larger struggle between good and evil in the making -- and who would win then? Is Armageddon upon us? It is hard to predict what the new character will lead to, as Harry may conceivably become stronger than Voldement and Snape. He will no doubt take charge of his destiny -- he must! Perhaps a new philosophy based on prevention rather than redemption will emerge.<br/><br/>Reading this book was enjoyable and it is recommended for children and adults.
 This review refers to the audio CD version narrated by the amazingly talented Jim Dale.<br/><br/>First off, if you haven't had the pleasure of sitting with Jim Dale as he narrates J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series, then you are most assuredly missing out on a very big treat. Dale creates voices...distinctive, animated, and sometimes downright "unusual" voices. He is as masterful at delivering the prose as Rowlings is at writing it. If you have a chance to grab this series from the library tape shelves, then do it! I promise you won't regret it. Listening to Jim Dale is like hearing a Broadway play. His performance is superb!<br/><br/>About this latest edition - the only bad thing I can say is that it is too short! There are only 11 or 12 tracks to each CD as compared to 18 or sometimes 20 in the previous editions. The chapters seem short, as most of the storyline involves a look into Voldemort's past. As you begin listening to this it may seem as if Dumbledore is delivering a non-stop, completely irrelevant monologue, but all I can say is HANG ONTO EVERY WORD! The author is deftly laying down a series of events that culminate in a shocking, absorbing finale. This is one very gutsy book - it is very emotional and will stay with you long after it was over.  I can't really go into the plot - I don't like giving spoilers even if some other reviewers have done so. Suffice it to say that relationships blossom (with some hysterical antics); new supporting characters are added into the mix; there is a new "Defense Against the Dark Arts" teacher (and it's a shocker);  Voldemort's past is revealed (as is someone else's - and it relates to the title), Ron's little sister lets her hair down, and our favorite wizard grows up right before our eyes. This has been a truly gripping experience. Don't miss it.<br/><br/>Cris Cunningham<br/><br/>PS.  I want to add that before Harry Potter and J.K. Rowling, there was a book titled _Wizard's Hall_ by Jane Yolen. It was published eight years before the Potter series and although not as popular, is what I consider the FIRST truly amazing fantasy novel of this kind. Check it out. You;ll be shocked at the similarities.
 Rowling scores again with the long-awaited sixth Harry Potter book. Supremely suspenseful as always, this book has a creepy feel, reminiscent of the third book. In my opinion, it's tied with Prisoner of Azkaban for my personal favorite. I detest reading spoilers, so I've limited my review to subjects which I hope will whet the appetite and yet not spoil. I, for one, was absolutely surprised by who the Half Blood Prince turned out to be, and I would not deprive anyone of that.<br/><br/>The book begins in the office of the Prime Minister of England as he is expecting a visit from the Minister of Magic. The entire country has been ravaged by the return in strength of the armies of the Dark Lord, his death eaters, dementors - whose breeding is blamed for the gloomy mist which has covered the countryside, wherewolves and giants. Fudge explains to the Prime Minister that he is being replaced by the former chief Auror by the wizarding community who wants to see more action against the Death Eaters.<br/><br/>The main plot in the book might be summarized "How to destroy Voldemort", the question which Harry and Albus Dumbledore. Unlike in Order of the Phoenix, Harry and the Headmaster spend a great amount of time together in this book. Most of it involves the examination of memories people have had of the early life of Tom Riddle, the boy who was to become Lord Voldemort, by means of the pensive. This eventually leads to the revelation of the method used by Voldemort to secure a kind of dark immortality. The discussion of dark magic is extremely spooky, but intriguing. Together, Harry and Dumbledore formulate a plan for Voldemort's destruction based on the theory they develop.<br/><br/>At least as intriguing is the question of what Draco Malfoy is up to and to what extent Professor Snape is involved. Harry is almost obsessed with this topic, but Ron and Hermione are doubtful that there is anything to Harry's theories, seemingly based on Harry's mistake at the end of the previous school year and their underestimation of Malfoy's abilities.<br/><br/>Interwoven with these main plots are many sub-plots which focus on the love interests of the characters, both teenage and otherwise. These aspects are a little bit less awkward than the dating that goes on in the previous 2 books and a little more enjoyable. Ron and Hermione have the fiercest and most extended row yet and prove that Rowling can produce comedy and romance amidst the greatest tragedy of the series.<br/><br/>The humor is superb as always; we learn that in order to pass the apparition exam a student must take care not to leave some of his eyebrows behind, and that Luna Lovegood's career as a quidditch commentator will probably remain at the amateur level. Another high point of the book is the funeral for one of Hagrid's magical beasts which, unfortunately for the Order of the Phoenix, is not the only funeral in this volume which ends on a decidedly dark note.
 Mmm ... okay, I must admit I didn't like Order of the Phoenix much.  Probably because I can't stand angsty teenagers, and Harry was such an angsty prat in OOTP.  Here in The Half Blood Prince, he becomes the more familiar Harry from the earlier books, albeit a little older, wiser and more confident.  Plus, with all the Ministry engineered interference with the running of Hogwarts out of the way, we readers can get right into enjoying Harry's school days again - no evil headmistresses with evil blood-drawing magical quills!  Rowling ups the teenage romance factor a bit more - lots of kissing here involving various characters - but it isn't annoying the way Harry and Cho Chang's tentative romance was depicted in OOTP.  The subplot about the Half-Blood Prince is intriguing.  I must say I felt rather stupid when I finally arrived at the big reveal near the end about the true identity of the Prince - I should have guessed right from the start, but I didn't!  The clues were all there!  I don't necessarily agree with other reviewers who say that this book is merely a filler for the next, final book.  HBP sets up the context for the next book, yes, but it is by no means a mere filler.  It is incredibly enjoyable, being a slower and more introspective book than the previous one.  We gain a lot of insight into Voldemort's character and what motivates him.  One example of Rowling subtly weaving the real world into her own fantasy world is the Ministry's leaflet about how to be safe in those troubled times in the wizarding world - it reminds me greatly of the Australian government's "Be Aware, Not Alarmed" campaign against terrorism i.e. a lot of smoke and mirrors with no real useful advice on how to actually be safe from terrorists.  Rowling's little joke about spell-checking quills also makes a non-too-subtle jab at Microsoft.  Meanwhile, Harry's character continues to grow.  Unfortunately, Ron and Hermione aren't used much at all, except as silly teenage romance props - I am especially disappointed that Hermione's remarkable brain power isn't used a lot more here than it should have been.  Luna Lovegood and Neville Longbottom, used to such marvellous effect in OOTP, almost disappears from HBP - a pity, really, given that Luna is a wonderful creation and seems like a character with a few good surprises up her sleeves.  I would be very disappointed if she does not play a major role in the battle ahead.  Now for the really BIG REVEAL - oh, all right, I'll have to be nice and not spoil anything.  Suffice to say, there is a REALLY MAJOR DEATH due to a REALLY MAJOR BETRAYAL.  Or is there?  Is it all a red-herring?  Did that character really die and did the betrayer really betray the Order?  Was that really a plea, or an order to do the unthinkable?  Did Judas really betray Jesus to the Romans or was he merely fulfilling a role Jesus set out for him?  And we all know what happened to Jesus after his death, don't we?  I can't wait for the next book.  Five stars, and two thumbs up!
 First this review will not spoil any aspect of the novel (unlike many others you'll find on this page)...the fun of this novel and series is not just in the reading but in the discovery.<br/><br/>That said HARRY POTTER AND THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE ranks with the best of the Potter sequence.  It continues to unfold adventure, mystery, suspense, and a colorful mythology that only gets stronger and stronger.<br/><br/>So what should you expect in this latest novel?<br/><br/>1 - A less whiney Harry...and definately one who is on his way to becoming an adult with a very serious mission<br/><br/>2 - A powerful bond between Harry and Dumbledore.  In many ways this novel reads more like a Mentor-Mentee book than all the rest.<br/><br/>3 - Fun with Ron and Hermione...ah the angst of teenage romance.<br/><br/>4 - MORE SNAPE!  Professor Snape continues to be one of the most richly written and complex characters in this series.  His exchanges with Harry are funny and gripping and true fans will want to read these parts over and over...there's clues that abound in their actions and dialogue.<br/><br/>5 - A stunning connection to past novels.  I am continually amazed at how JK Rowling pulls information from her previous books and shows us how all of these stories are interconnected (hint: Go back and read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets...it's important!).<br/><br/>6 - LORD VOLDE...I can't even say it myself!  A good villain needs a great back story.  This novel gives us the backstory and clearly explains the actions and reactions of the Harry Potter and Tom Riddle war.<br/><br/>7 - Scares!  The story gets dark and gloomy and reminds us that although many parts of the Harry Potter mythos are fun...there is danger (serious danger) around every corner.<br/><br/>8 - A TURNING POINT!  After this novel several characters will never be the same!  Many won't be back at Hogwarts...ever!  True motivations are revealed and through it all Rowling reminds us that sometimes it's a bit more complex than just being GOOD or EVIL.<br/><br/>9 - The Half-Blood Prince!  Who is this person?  Don't let people spoil it for you!  Read the book and find out...but if you want a hint...if you've read all the novels up until this point...you've already encountered this character!<br/><br/>10 - A KILLER CLIFFHANGER!  Those movie loving fans who remember how Empire Strikes Back left you on the edge of your seat?  You ain't seen anything yet!  Curse you Ms. Rowling...I've gotta wait years to find out what happens!<br/><br/>BUT DON'T TAKE MY WORD FOR IT!  GO READ THIS BOOK AND IMMERSE YOURSELF IN SOME OF THE MOST EXCITING LITERATURE YOU'LL FIND IN A BOOKSTORE THIS YEAR!
 Fun book to read.  I am a big fan of the Harry Potter books. As an adult, I think the later series of books deal with more mature content.  There is more violence and scarier issues that may be too much for younger children. Definitely younger readers may need adult supervision when reading. But I LOVE THIS BOOK.  Enjoyed reading. A definite page turner. Cannot wait to start next book.
 For me, the engine that has moved the plot through the entire series has been the question of whether Snape is evil or just hateful.  This is the crux of Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.  All the evidence we have points to the former.  But ... how much do you trust Dumbledore's judgement?  If he was wrong about Snape, it throws into question his conviction that love is more powerful than evil.  On the other hand, Dumbledore tells Harry that, as he is a lot smarter than the average wizard, his mistakes tend to be correspondingly huger.  Can you swallow a mistake that huge?<br/><br/>In many ways I like this book the best of the series.  It feels a lot leaner (and is a lot shorter) than the previous two because J.K. Rowling has dispensed with the subplots that were so entertaining/extraneous.  The battle lines are clearly drawn, and the atmosphere in the wizarding world is post-9/11 Washington:  shell-shocked, anxious, with many official attempts to appear to be managing a mostly invisible threat.  Harry's personal life, however, has gotten a lot better.  He's been largely freed from the familiar sources of persecution, and he's getting the respect he's earned from teachers, students, and even the press.  He and his friends have the increased freedom and independence you would expect for sixteen-year-olds;  many of the few lighter moments come during the wizarding equivalent of driver's ed.<br/><br/>If you're inclined toward the philosophical, you'll find grist for your mill in this book.  If you're not, you'll just gulp it down as fast as you can and then wish for more.
 J.K. Rowling's sixth entry in the beloved Harry Potter series, "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince," is hard-edged, somber, and a perfect set-up for the climactic Book 7.<br/><br/>Book Six is a novel of major transitions for Harry as he rapidly approaches his seventeenth birthday, 17 being the age of adulthood in the wizarding world.  Harry has largely outgrown his earlier passions of Quidditch (even though he's team Captain), and the question of who wins the House Cup isn't even an afterthought.  True, Harry struggles to master his inner "beast," which rages every time he spies Ginny Weasley holding hands with her boyfriend Dean, but even the trials and tribulations of young love can't distract Harry for long . . .<br/><br/>For Voldemort is waiting.<br/><br/>The wizarding world has been forced to acknowledge that the Dark Lord has returned, and that Harry was right all along in Book 5.  Magical war has erupted, and even Muggles are being killed -- giving Rowling the opportunity to write one of her best chapters ever, where the Muggle Prime Minister of England has an unexpected meeting with Minister Fudge.<br/><br/>In this time of war, Dumbledore steps up his pursuit of Voldemort, and he enlists Harry as his right hand.  Through several flashbacks using the Pensieve, Dumbledore and Harry learn more and more about how the young Tom Riddle evolved into the evil master he became, and the dark, evil steps he took to ensure his immortality.  Although the flashbacks aren't the most dramatic scenes ever (after all, nothing *new* is going to happen), they do impart a bunch of important information that makes the entire storyline much deeper and richer.  Just as "The Empire Strikes Back" was vital to the "Star Wars" series by explaining Darth Vader's relationship with Luke, "The Half-Blood Prince" is essential for explaining just who this dastardly villain is and where he came from, and how he and Dumbledore came to hate each other so fiercely.<br/><br/>Still, Harry is a student and must go to class.  He receives unexpected help from the titular "Half-Blood Prince," through an old potions book.  Harry's academic success is a wee problem for Hermione Granger, as her spot atop the academic pedestal is challenged for the first time . . . and Hermione is already on edge, what with Ron Weasley "snogging" another gal with alarming frequency.<br/><br/>And just what is that spoiled prat Malfoy up to anyway?  No good, to be sure . . .<br/><br/>As you can see, Rowling has a lot of balls up in the air with this novel, and she keeps them flying fast and furious.  Avoid all spoilers -- the twists and turns of this book may not be entirely unexpected, but you should let Rowling spin her tale for you rather than getting a cheap summary from somewhere else.<br/><br/>Fans of Harry Potter have probably already read this novel (more than once).  If you're late to the Harry Potter series, rest assured that the light-hearted kids' books have matured into darker fare, and if you're over 30 you won't feel quite so silly reading a "kid's book" if you're caught with this one on the Stairmaster at the gym.  (Of course, these books do not stand alone - you must read the other five first.  Trust me, it ain't a chore!)<br/><br/>Rowling has done something amazing by spinning this series out over so many books and keeping it fresh and vibrant.  Here's to Book 7 and the final battle of good versus evil!  Long live Harry!
 This book is definitely the best in the series of books. In this books Harry will team up with someone to explore the darker side of the one who must not be named. People are disappearing and Voldermort is growing stronger. People are  put into positions they never thought they would aquire and a mysterious book falls into the lap of Harry. Could this be another chamber of secrets incident? New love flourishes and Harry is welcomed back for the first time to Hogwarts. This book is definitely an important book in the series and will leave many people baffled untill they read till the end. Yes the end is very sad and yes I think it happened for a reason, as I have not read the last book yet. Harry is definitely a little more suspicious in this book about certain characters and the truth unravels and reveals a shocking end to be concluded untill the last book. This book is really suspenseful and with keep you turning the page untill the end. Please enjoy.
 This book is a good addition to the series, despite some people's compliants and some minor flaws.<br/><br/>There is teen romance, which I do find annoying--but teen romance is annoying, go look at it in any high school.  It's part of being a teen ager, or so I recall, and is a good way to indicate some growing on the parts of the characters.<br/><br/>The writing was a good deal tighter than previously; this was an immense relife, as both books 4 and 5 could and should have been 300 pages shorter.  It's not a short book, but the space is used well to develop some characters, and advance the plot.<br/><br/>The Half-Blood Prince subplot was fairly minor, at least in this book, and I'd guessed the ID halfway through, but it wasn't an inane subplot, so hey, it works.  It also serves to point out that Harry is emphatically not the most powerful, or most inventinve, or most skilled wizard for his age.  I liked that.<br/><br/>Harry gets it right for change, which I liked; usually, his guessing in the last books turned out all wrong, but this time he got it right and everyone else missed what was happening.  He'd figured who was up to what (to some degree) and was ignored by the adults, who suffer for it.<br/><br/>The plot is advanced in more subtle ways than I had anticipated, through a death (not saying of who), through treason, and through exploration of characters, notably Voldemort and Harry &amp; Co. We learn of Voldemorts immortality and how to end it, and of his childhood.  We see Harry becoming increasingly angry at the officals in power, and more violent--he really messes Malfoy up at one point and mentions that he wants to kill Voldemort, prophecy or no.  He wants to kill those who killed Sirius (that's book five).  We see Snape's position change markedly, we see Harry becoming very angry, bitter and violent, we see Voldemorts weakness exposed.  Those are the main ways in which plot and characters advance.  There's also a shake up in Hogwarts of whose  going out with who, and of positions on staff.  Aragog dies, but I'm unsure as to how relevant that'll be.<br/><br/>Some people complained that Hogwarts seemed safer, but I don't understand that--it isn't.  The violence is just better organized.  That makes sense; they mentioned having teams of Aurors guarding the school, and more security measures.  That *should* make the school somewhat calmer.  It's logically more sensible.<br/><br/>And the source of Dumbledore's wound is hinted at; think of the ring he aquired.  I just hink it wasn't that major.<br/><br/>My guess at this point is that Harry does kill Voldemort, but winds up rebelling agains the Ministry in a similar fashion, but sans the Muggle-hating. He hates the Ministry, blaming it for his godfathers death--among many other things, and he's learned violence very well by this book.
 Once again, as Harry (and his friends) grow older, J.K. Rowling takes on weightier themes, ideas and, increasingly, dark plot points...<br/><br/> SPOILERS BELOW!  STOP READING NOW IF YOU HAVE'T FINISHED THE BOOK!]<br/><br/>The overall arc of the series' plot (all 7 books) is firmly rooted in the same Joseph Campbell-described mythological archetypes that George Lucas used in writing the original Star Wars trilogy.  I other words, the unknown hero is discovered, unaware of his special powers, abilities or destiny, and is trained by the elderly teacher/wizard/sensei.  The young hero faces numerous challenges/lessons, educating him in ways necessary for the ultimate showdown with Evil.  Of course, the hero cannot fully mature until to old master/wizard has been lost -- leaving the hero "alone" to confront (and defeat) Evil on his own terms...<br/><br/>In Star Wars, this means that Obi-Wan must die before Luke can emerge as the mature hero he becomes...  In Harry Potter terms, this means, of course, that Dumbledore must die before Harry can face Voldemort in the ultimate showdown...  This is, of course, very sad -- the loss of one of the most intriguing characters in the series -- but it is necessary for Harry to embrace his fate.  After all, Dumbledore was "the only one You-Know-Who was ever afraid of..."<br/><br/> END SPOILERS]<br/><br/>Overall, the new book is a great read -- well plotted, full of mysteries (it introduces more than it resolves, or course), romance, action...  It will be very sad when the series finally comes to a close -- about 2 years from now -- but if this book is any indication, the final payoff will be quite satisfying...
 It took a while but I eventually allowed the wizarding world of Harry Potter to grow on me. If you're about to read The Half Blood Prince for the first time then that means you've either read the other five installments or watched the movie. Most of you I'm sure are aware of the bigger picture to take place in this book. Per the norm, this book is filled with greater detail than the movie with is an amazing thing. I personally was looking forward to reading the Half Blood Prince cause the movie doesn't explain why the "Half Blood Prince IS the Half Blood Prince...." I was expecting something a little more grand of an explanation... That's all I'll say on that topic. All and all, this is terrific book. Hagrid doesn't have much to do with this book which is ALWAYS great cause I HATE Hagrid... He such a Whinny, crying, boring character. Give this book a read as I'm sure you'll love it if you managed to read the other books and still want to continue forward with the story.... And oh by the way, I love Malfoy in this book. He just has a large and strong role in this book which his part was developed very well and it shows in this book.
 J. K. Rowling is a remarkable storyteller with a vivid imagination and the astonishing ability to put her images into words for all of us to enjoy. She is also a well-organized writer. With so much detail to keep track of over six books, she can reach back to the smallest detail and bring it forward to excellent use (I'd share some with you, but you'll discover them for yourself as you read). Rowling also has a way of imparting wisdom through her characters' conversations and her descriptions of events (taking in the wisdom of Dumbledore is a side benefit of the Harry Potter series). Harry Potter and the Half-blood Prince also sets up the next book perfectly. It is clear well before the end of this book that Harry has a big job to do before the whole tale is told. The next, and final (?), installment in Harry's world will certainly be exciting.<br/><br/>Love, loyalty, adventure, and the worst kind of betrayal are found within the covers of this book. Harry's feelings for Ron's sister, Ginny, take on a life of their own in Half-Prince, while Ron and Hermoine continue to have a love-dislike relationship; but it's clear to us undying romantics what lies behind their often contentious behavior toward one another. Ron even resorts to an outrageous snogging relationship with Lavender Brown to prove himself. If it weren't so true of hormone-raging, image-conscious, teenaged behavior, it would be laughable.<br/><br/>We learn much about Lord Voldemort's life and how he came to his evil ways (though one might think Harry could've turned out like him with his own tragic early life; so why didn't he?). We also learn how Voldemort plans to make himself immortal.  The wizard world is now under greater threat from the Dark Lord than it has been for a long time. Wizard folks are not safe in their homes or their places of work and play without considerable charms and enchantments. Hogwarts is under grave threat from Death Eaters wanting to get inside, and with a little inside help, they might make it. Who's to be trusted? Who is not? Can one trust too much? Can even a wise wizard place his trust in the wrong person? These are all questions the reader will ask him/herself all the way through Half-Prince, and the answers will not all be comforting ones.<br/><br/>Carolyn Rowe Hill
 So, I finished the new Harry Potter book. All in all, I enjoyed reading it a lot, mainly because it's well written. Another big plus that Harry seems to have left his puberal fits of anger at random moments behind this time around. Some frustrations however, are still around: - Whereas a lot was going on in "The order of the phoenix", few things actually happen in this book. The main plot line revolves around something that happened in the past. This plot line does get us ready for the last one of the series, but I was hoping for a little bit more than just a mere preparation for the last book, like a new view on the magical world, some unexplored territory, some more new characters... Did JK cram so much action in the previous book that she forgot to leave some for this issue? - Whereas the other books succesfully connected what was happening at Hogwarts with the outside magical world, this time around, notwithstanding the fact that war has really started this time, hardly anything in the outside world seems to really influence what happens at Hogwarts. - Another one of my main concerns is that this book seems to neglect a lot of things that were going on in the previous books (the reason for most of which is explained in a non-satisfactory way). Some of the characters that co-starred with Harry in past books suddenly don't seem of much importance, while another old character makes its return only to produce a comedy element in an otherwise mainly grim storyline. Before the book came out, JK said that it had a lot in common with 'the chamber of secrets' (2nd book), and that is indeed the case. So if you're rereading one of the HP books before reading this one, I'd opt for chamber of secrets. Maybe the connection with this book can relieve chamber of secrets from its stigma of 'worst book in the series'. - Love/jealousy. If relationships before this book always were awkward and difficult (eg. Harry and Cho), this book sure breaks with that tradition. Is it the lack of good storylines that made for this abundance of love-related stuff? Makes you wonder what is going to be the translation for the verb 'to snog' in the Dutch version. - As always, some parts of the story are frustrating, because there's no reasonable explanation why some actions do(n't) happen. Again, JK has to end the book with Harry feeling guilty about something that he could have done that could've really affected the outcome of the book. No real explanation is given for Dumbledore's behaviour outside the tower of divination either. Luckily, the inevitable action sequence at the end of the book is/reads a lot better than the one in "the order of the phoenix". - Since I'm stupid, I failed to predict who the half-blood prince was going to be. But I'm sure you'll be able to. The end of the book indicates that the last book in the series might have a whole different structure than we've become used to (hints are made to Indiana Jones-esque adventure). While this gives JK more liberty to write the last book, that fixed structure (and everything revolving around it) just might have been one of her strong points, so we'll just have to see if she'll be able to pull it off.
 You've seen the commercials for beer, but they apply to this book.<br/><br/>Great set piece trope to start the book -- but it is never revisited properly to justify itself.  A rippingly good read, but when you finish it feels like you are only a couple months into the first semester and you've been left on a cliff.  Well, not quite a cliff hanger, but it feels that way.<br/><br/>Lots of things don't get developed or are kind of just left from the last book, though I expect to see them show up in the last one.<br/><br/>It is hard to read a book that reads this well, "tastes so great" and yet realize that so much seems to be left out, so "less filling."<br/><br/>Well worth buying, well worth reading, but it needed another three hundred pages (and, the current book could have been fit into two hundred or so).<br/><br/>Tastes great, but less filling than the usual Harry Potter.
 The saga of Harry Potter continues in "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" and I'm glad I'm not the only reviewer who feels slightly disappointed in this new volume.  I love the series ... it is my favorite of all time ... but this volume just didn't have the same magical details, suspense, and overall engaging qualities that you would find in the previous five novels.  The story seemed very rushed and had very few of Rowling's famous little details that makes some fans of the books despise the movies because those details are missing.  Even in some of the plotlines you felt as if Rowling was actually there manipulating the characters into doing something so random so that it would set up a plot.  Anyways, Harry returns for his sixth year to Hogwarts where the wizarding community is at a hiatus at Voldemort's return.  The only problem with this plotline is that you only hear of the terrible things that Voldemort does instead of seeing them happen, which makes him more of a paper-like, 2-dimensional villain that villains so often become in children novels ...but Voldemort definitely is not 2-dimensional.  The look into his past thanks to Dumbledore's lessons with Harry involving the overused pensieve is fascinating, and we learn a lot about the boy who became Voldemort, which truly was the best plotline in the whole book.  Now, my main problem with the book besides the rushed-like quality, was the plotline of the Half-Blood Prince.  This plot-line was so minimal I felt confused as to why it was used as the title.  It was more of a sub-plot than a title, main plot.  Harry recieves a potions book in which the mysterious Half-Blood Prince has written better advice on potions and spells and therefore causes Harry to do better in potions.  That is basiaclly what the Prince does throughout the novel till his unveling; show Harry new spells and how to make potions!  I personally think that the title should have revolved around the more central plot of Draco who actually becomes a fascinating 3-dimensional character in this volume.  Anyways, the Half-Blood Prince plotline turned out to actually be a minimal part of the book, and I can see how it once was actually in the first draft of Chamber of Secrets as Rowling has revealed on her website.  The plotline was minimal, really a letdown to me, and all you're left with at the end of the book is the identity of the "Prince" and a textbook explanation.  There is a major character death in this book ... but you had to be living under a rock if you didn't know that!  The death was pretty obvious, so I won't ruin it for anyone here but it doesn't take much brainpower to deduce who dies.  This volume did have a lot of answers, and it sets up the next book nicely and gives you a clear idea at what to expect ... but it felt rushed, and plots did not feel fully developed as I said earlier.  Hopefully the seventh and sadly last volume in the Harry Potter series will be just as good as the first five and improve over the sixth.
 When I was a little girl, I thought authors just had to be magical -- to be able to dream up grand adventures, to infuse believable characters with life and set them in a specific place and time. Just look at unforgettable places like Oz created by L. Frank Baum, J.M. Barrie's Neverland, J.R.R. Tolkien's  Middle Earth, C.S. Lewis's Narnia, and characters as different as Willy Wonka, Don Quixote, Scarlett O'Hara, and Long John Silver.<br/><br/>Add to these the place a lot of us have been inhabiting since our long-awaited book finally hit the stores: Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. And to the best-loved characters of all time we must add a name that has already  become an archetype in modern literature: Harry Potter.<br/><br/>The sixth installment in the remarkable seven-part work of J.K. Rowling is "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince," featuring Rowling's wunderkind and his best friends, Ron and Hermione. The characters are now 16 and in their sixth year at Hogwarts, where staircases change their mind and the figures in paintings speak to passersby, where owls deliver the mail and the school sport is played on flying broomsticks. As Rowling ages the children naturally, she seamlessly reintroduces characters and ideas from the past and moves everything forward.<br/><br/>The plot, basically good vs. evil, gets more and more intense with each book, and in this go-round we get a lot more back story about He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, the ultimate evil sorcerer. This time, though, the plot feels a little more serious, more  focused -- maybe because Harry is older and he's looking for revenge. Now termed "The Chosen One" -- chosen to save the world from the evil ones -- Harry must carry a lot of weight on his slender shoulders, and he bears it gracefully, taking care of those he loves and getting himself ready for the final battle, set for book seven. Those of us who have watched Harry grow up are not disappointed in him.<br/><br/>The long wait for this book was worth it. If possible, it's even better than the last. I can see where the extra time was spent, making the book more streamlined. And even with the seriousness of the subject matter, Rowling's trademark comic relief still pops in at unexpected moments. Will I tell you what happens in the book? Oh, no -- that would spoil the surprises in store, both good and bad.<br/><br/>If you're new to the series, be sure to start with book one. It introduces the reader to all the wonderful details in the world of Wizards and Muggles that you'll need to know later. Then, read them in order. Because of the ongoing storyline, you really can't start with book six and expect to understand what's going on. Personally, I fell in love with the whole gang in book one when they were riding on the train -- the Hogwarts Express -- on their way to the school. I don't ever want to get over that feeling. To me, these books are pure joy.<br/><br/>Rowling is absolutely amazing. I can't say enough good things about her writing. I've studied mythology and symbology and I'm telling you, she has, too. She incorporates the classic hero myth with a modern storyline and mixes genuine literary allusions with her own ideas to give even the most mundane of objects and  creatures -- from jellybeans to mirrors, from a snow-white owl to a flame-colored phoenix -- special meaning and a colorful history. My favorite thing about her writing may be the way she plays with words, coming up with colorful names like Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Azcaban, Dumblefore, and Diagon Alley.<br/><br/>This book's arrival marks the largest first printing of any book, ever; the publisher ordered 10.8 million copies, and Rowling is now the best-selling author on Amazon.com. Analysts are scrambling to interpret the "hidden meaning" in the books, hinting that the sacrifices indicate spirit ual allegory or that the shadows of  terrorism mirror what's happening in our world today.<br/><br/>Why is Rowling so successful? Kids WANT to read these books. Did I say "read" them? Make that memorize them, scrutinize them, devour them. The books are incredibly fun. No wonder children jump up and down in anticipation of the newest glimpse into that special world. But adults love the books, too, and I believe an  injustice was done when the decision was made to take the Potter books off the general bestseller lists and put them only on the children's lists. In fact, this is definitely not a bedtime story to read to 6-year-olds. The situations are often complex and can be downright scary.<br/><br/>I enjoyed every word of the 652-page tome. I laughed. I gasped. I cried. But then, I'm a fan. There are people I know and respect who aren't thrilled with the Harry Potter books. I also know people who don't like chocolate. Or baby animals. Or rainbows. Go figure.<br/><br/>So it turns out I was right all along -- great writers ARE magical. They can create a whole new world, even a whole new vocabulary, and, along the way, change the way the reader sees the world. They can turn bored children into eager, excited readers. They can transform grown-ups into children again. They can set a spark to a dormant imagination and make it burst into a mind full of wonder. They make people want to read more, think more, feel more. They perform perhaps the most powerful magic of all: they change the world for the better.
 I don't want to spoil too much, but in Book 6, JK Rowling really ties up loose ends and starts to spell out everything in store for Harry in Book 7 from the Horcruxes to the initials of RAB, from the Half-Blood Prince to the death of someone very close and very important to him. We get to learn more about Voldemort, more about Snape, more about Dumbledore, and even more about what Harry needs to do to defeat Voldemort.<br/><br/>We learn where Voldemort came from and how he came to be the way he was. Rowling doesn't tell us why he was so mean to start with, but perhaps he was just born mean.<br/><br/>Snape's character is even more developed in this book than the last. He helps Harry and he brings the wizarding world to its knees.<br/><br/>Dumbledore is revealed to us as a man who makes mistakes. Harry has always idolized and worshipped Dumbledore, but now Harry starts to realize that Dumbledore might be the greatest wizard, but he's not perfect. Dumbledore also reveals to Harry how much Dumbledore worships and idolizes Harry! It's an unbelievably moving scene.<br/><br/>Finally, we come to Draco Malfoy. I have hopes for him in Book 7, but I'm not holding my breath. Draco is given a choice, yet he hesitates for so long, Snape makes the decision for him. Will this hesitation save him from going to the dark side or is it irrelevant?<br/><br/>We get more of the Ron and Hermione relationship tease. Harry and Ginny finally get together, but once again, Harry is too noble to remain in the relationship.<br/><br/>Harry is self-confident and capable. Rowling writes his character so well, it's as if she is following a real boy growing up. Harry smarts off, overthinks, and believes he's invincible. But, with age, Harry learns that death is very real and that he needs to do what is right versus what is easy. Harry has truly developed into a young man. He still is lacking the wisdom of older age, but he has finally come into his own.
 "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is a worthy addition to a very popular series.  I purchased my copy on Saturday morning, and had completed my reading my Sunday afternoon.<br/><br/>It is my intent to provide some commentary on this book, without accidentally "spoiling the plot" for those who have yet to read.<br/><br/>There are quite a few positives to this book.<br/><br/>*  The book is tightly written, much more so than volumes 4 and 5 which, at least in the mind of this reviewer, suffered from a lack of editing.<br/><br/>*  The plot is appropriately "moved along".  A difficulty with a popular series is the tendency to get "bogged down" in a story-line and lose focus.  J.K. Rowling avoids that here.<br/><br/>*  The story includes several of the humorous conventions we've come to expect in the "Harry Potter" stories.  An example is the amusing scene with the Durselys in the beginning of the book.  In the opinion of this reviewer, such a humorous interlude is something most readers have come to expect.  Similar humorous episodes help keep the tension from becoming overwhelming.<br/><br/>*  In spite of the previous point, the tension in this book certainly mounts.  There are times in which the plot is rather dark.  In this, the volume certainly has more in common with volumes 4 and 5, than with the first three.  I'm probably going to put off letting my 10-year-old read the book for a little while.<br/><br/>*  Again, like the previous two volumes, there is a death.  No plot spoiler here, though!<br/><br/>*  Again, without spoiling anything, I felt that J.K. Rowling was particularly effective at casting serious doubts upon the reliability of one of main characters -- a character she has been building upon for the previous five volumes.<br/><br/>A few minor quibbles:<br/><br/>*  In volumes four and five, quite a few interesting characters were introduced.  With a few exceptions (Tonks being the most obvious) these characters were largely relegated to the background.  (I would have thoroughly enjoyed some more "Mad-Eye Moody")!<br/><br/>*  Harry ENJOYS Quiddich.  One begins to be tired of him missing every important match!<br/><br/>*  The ending, while satisfying in its own way, makes one wonder how J.K. Rowling will be able to "wrap things up".  If Harry truly does not return to school, the entire "each book equals one year at school" theme rather disappears.  Or is Ms. Rowling leaving the door open for more books?<br/><br/>Overall, a very solid effort -- one of the better books in the series.  Enjoy!<br/><br/>Four very solid stars.
 What struck me most about this sixth volume of Harry Potter was its ending (I won't give it away here, don't worry). As Harry gets older, and Voldemort gets stronger, each book in the series has become a bit more dark. We are no closer to solving the mystery, but we get a few more clues and a bit more insight into the things Harry Potter just couldn't possibly know. Harry's growth through his teens is linked to his growing understanding of the issues at hand, and its serious implications for both the Wizard and Muggle worlds.<br/><br/>Rowling paints a complex picture. In each book, more elements come into play and this one is no exception. Some characters seem to be getting what they want most out of life - Professor Snape finally gets to teach Defense Against the Dark Arts. We ask ourselves why Dumbledore would allow this after resisting Snape's request to teach this class for so many years. What has changed Dumbledore's mind?<br/><br/>And Harry does not learn most of his new tricks and magic in the DADA class this year. Instead, the new Potions professor unwittingly hands him a precious treasure and a deadly weapon. The question is, does Harry really know what he's getting into?<br/><br/>Even Draco is not entirely himself this year. Always up to no good, he seems to have lost his enthusiasm for school and is moving towards bigger (but perhaps not better) things. It's to be expected that Draco would be a bit weird - after all, his father is in Azkaban.<br/><br/>Of course, some things never change. The Weasley twins have made an enterprise out of their passion for sick jokes. Ron and Hermione still pretend they don't care for each other. And Harry's responsibilities towards Quidditch are now tremendous. With all that's going on around them, it's surprising the teenagers have time to live a normal life.<br/><br/>Rowling's talent for writing, and her skill at combining a multi-layered mystery with fantasy are more evident than ever in this book. It would be difficult not to finish *The Half Blood Prince* in one sitting.
 ...and whether or not that's a good or bad thing depends on you. Personally, I think it is a good thing; not that the previous books were all kid books, but the storyline matures at the same rate as Harry does and I respect Ms. Rowling's ability to make that happen.<br/><br/>I'll try my best to not include spoilers, but if you don't want to know what happened, you shouldn't be reading reviews until after you've read the book :-D<br/><br/>Having read the book between 11 pm and 4 am tonight, I am left feeling a bit dazed :) I was pretty sure who would die (and I was right) and I had a pretty good idea of who would hook up with who (though one couple seems to be waiting for the final book to actually do something) but I have to admit that I had no opinion on who the titular Half-Blood Prince was, and I was surprised to see who it was. To call this book the best in the series so far isn't an unfair statement, but I don't feel comfortable in saying that yet. I will say that it is a leaner read than Order of the Phoenix, which was a good thing. I liked #5 but it was a very long read that was a bit redundant at points, even if it was the best of the series at that point.<br/><br/>This is also the first time I have seen where Harry's hunches and theories are actually closer to the truth than the grown-ups idea of things. I still do not know why Dumbledore trusts Snapes so much, maybe I glossed over it in the text of the book. I felt that there was a bit too much rapping of loose ends that were only hinted at, and were just sprung upon us at the end of the novel. I didn't mind them, but probably we should have been given a bit more of an inkling. Still, those are minor complaints, and I applaud the mature turn of the plotlines. My only concern for the future book is that with the amount of backstory I think Ms. Rowling has left to wrap up with, the book may be on the length of Stephen King's "The Stand". Which wouldn't be a bad thing either :-D Start writing again JK!
 Half-Blood Prince is not the best book in the Harry Potter series, but it is an essential component of the saga. Like most serials, there must be a piece that ties up some loose ends and prepares the readers for a final crescendo in one of the final installments. That is what this book does very well--it answers some of the lingering questions from earlier books and gets us set for one last battle with Voldemort.<br/><br/>Like all of the other Potter books, this one is very well written and entertaining, but it isn't always as lively and funny as previous books. I think it has a very strong emotional component and J.K. Rowling somehow manages to make the main characters act their age perfectly (it is an impressive feat to write so accurately about both 12 year olds and 17 year olds), so it is a fine piece of writing, but it must be compared to the rest of her work and it just isn't quite as great as they were (that is to say, this is a very good book, but those were classics). I would highly recommend this book to all Potter fans, but it would be best apprecaited only after reading those books which proceeded it.
 Any of the slight misgivings I may have at first had about "Harry Potter" being a pretender to the "Narnia" throne have evaporated. While "Narnia" has to remain in a class of its own, both series are brilliant, opening up whole new realms of imagination on an epic and heroic scale, and the world is a much better place for their existence.<br/><br/>I am now fully appreciating the character arc Rowling has wrought for Harry; all the trials and tribulations he has gone through are forging him into a true hero. Harry's still learning with every step but Rowling has masterfully involved us in the building of his skills to a greater purpose that's revealed to the readers and the characters simultaneously. And all the greater themes of nobility, love, friendship, loyalty and bravery are flawlessly and subtly imbued in every chapter.<br/><br/>Meanwhile, Rowling doesn't gloss over human flaws, shading each protagonist with realistic foibles, and acknowledging that even the closest allies won't always see eye to eye -- but that their bond will eventually enable them to overcome any differences and difficulties. Similarly, I'm very gratified by Harry's impatience for fools and users and that sort of thing -- rather than be a transcendent goody-two-shoes who automatically forgives those who know not what they do, he confronts the worst offenders and doesn't have time for the lesser. At the same time, if an enemy shows humanity, he has the inner wisdom to take that into consideration.<br/><br/>All of these greater aspirations and grand themes might be unbearably grandiose were they more overt, but they only emerge on reflection of the whole; the page-to-page experience is of the fascinating, dryly humorous, exciting adventures of Harry and his friends.<br/><br/>The next... and last...book should be an absolute revelation -- but it will be universally mourned when this story comes to a close. Fawkes' song will resonate in the hearts and souls of each and every "Potter" fan.
 While I do admit the writing style is a bit different, I cant say that's a bad thing. I actually miss the usual book intro of Harry's ever declining relationship with his relatives on Privet Drive. Also, I missed Hermione. She had less presence in this book as Harry's saving grace/genius mystery solver than she did in the other books. Also, Lord Voldemort doesn't show up as usual. He is there of course, but the feeling of quiet deadly dread like in the other books is missing<br/>Summarily, the whole book can be seen as a prologue to book 7. At least that was what I came away with. It is a great read as ever and J.K Rowling does not dissappoint. She answers questions as to Lord's Voldemort's beginnings, plans and ultimate ambitions. It is important to know and understand your enemy so you can defeat him. It is a fun read with the fleshing of other characters like Luna Lovegood, the new spells, curses, the puppy loves, and the romances with the other adults. While my suspense built for the mystery behind Tonks' new behaviour, I was rather dissappointed with the answer. I loved Hagrid's enduring and inexplicable love for monsters and the reaction of our heroic trio to it.Much needed humour in this book's darkness especially injected before the death of a most beloved character.<br/>I liked the ending best of all though. It rocked! The unbelievable journey to retrieve the horcrux, the "murder", the funeral, and the feelings of anger, abandonment, revenge, loneliness Ms Rowling infuses Harry with just reaches boiling point, we cant wait for it all to spill over to book 7. Harry is finally forced to grow up and fulfill his destiny as the unlikely hero we met a long time ago in book one. We can't help but sympathize at the burden our hero is forced to carry. Moreover, the pledge of loyalty by Harry's friends is just so touching and I look forward to what they will go through together next time. There is another tender scene when the two horcrux soujourners are on the way back and one says to the other "I'm not worried..., I am with you"<br/>While J.K gives us a lot of insight in this book, she also leaves me with the hugest question mark in my reading experience. Good strategy for her, bad for me as it leaves me restlessly waiting for the last Harry Potter installment. I just hope she answers all the questions and fills in all the gaps in my magical mind, I dont care how long the book is.<br/>Applause for Ms Rowling's talent. She does it again!
 Note that the following review has spoilers.<br/><br/>Introduction:<br/><br/>And so I bring you another one of my reviews on the Harry Potter books.  This book served it's purpose: it will get us to book 7.  The book was extremely well-written (such as the attention to detail and very good character development), but the storyline was not as good to me.  I thought that most of the book felt rushed and was kind of in it's own league away from the other books.  It didn't seem like JK was writing this book at all.<br/><br/>Plot Summary: *SERIOUS SPOILERS*<br/><br/>The sixth installment of the series starts out with Narcissa Malfoy and Bellatrix Lestrange visiting Snape, who we are to believe is now working for the Dark Lord.  Narcissa makes an unbreakable vow (break the vow and die) to Snape that he will keep a watch over Draco, who has been sent to do a task for Voldemort.  Then Dumbledore visits Harry, takes him with him to do some teacher-hunting.  Harry goes to the Burrow and hangs out with Ron and Hermione.  Then on the train to Hogwarts Harry is attacked by Draco and is rescued by Tonks.  The rest basically is how Harry finds a great potions book that helps with him potions.  The person helping him is the Half-Blood Prince.  All the while, romance sparks between Ron and Hermione, Ron and Lavender and Harry and Ginny.  Then we learn about Horcruxes, which is where Voldemort stores part of his soul and that is how he stays alive all of the time.  We also learn a lot about Voldemort's past.  In the end Harry and Dumbledore set off to destroy one of these Horcruxes.  In the end Dumbledore is killed by Snape, who turns out to be the Half-Blood Prince.  Harry and Ginny break up and Ron and Hermione are still questioning their relationship.<br/><br/>Overall- 6/10:<br/><br/>I enjoyed guessing who the Half-Blood Prince was throughout the book, but that was about it.  I thought that Harry being obsessed with Draco and what he was up to was frustrating, annoying, and I think stupid since I, and I think others, knew what he was up to by Chapter 2.  I thought that romance was too much of a factor of the book and I think it took over a little too much.  I also did not like the way that turned out (I was a Harry/Hermione shipper).  But, all in all, I thought the book felt rushed and not Rowling's style.  I hope book 7 will be better.
 Even though the front &amp; rear covers of this book states that it features "pull-tabs, pop-ups and lift-the-flaps", I do not consider this to be a typical pop-up/movable book.<br/><br/>There are only "two very simple pop-ups, one pull-tab and one spin-the-wheel" in this book. As a pop-up book/movable book collector, I'm sorry that I bought this book.<br/><br/>To be fair, I rated this book 4 stars because I don't think that it's fair to judge this book solely by focusing on just the pop-ups. Since the majority of reviews give the book 5 stars, it sounds like most Harry Potter fans find the story and illustrations to be very enjoyable. If I rated this book solely on the pop-ups, I would give it one star.<br/><br/>If you are not a Harry Potter fan, and you are buying this book to add to your pop-up book collection, you will probably be disappointed.
 All right - so I hated books 4 and 5, and thought Rowling should have stuck writing for small children - but she more than redeemed herself in this book and answered contradictions from the previous books.  (Though she skipped over a few things such as the Thestrals.)<br/><br/>The biggest gripe I've seen in the reviews are people who miss the action - though rest assured there is plenty of it in here albeit of the more intellectual variety.<br/><br/>Harry has returned to the human race and is becoming aware of his requirements - though I think his rants on Snape are rather tiresome.  The other characters become more fleshed out and complex, besides Snape, Dumbledore, Hermione and the Weasley twins that is - and hats off to Phlegm.<br/><br/>Also new mysteries are introduced that are beautifully presented:<br/><br/>- R.A.B - are you Sirius' brother who was murdered by Voldemort - or a new character?  I will put my money on Regulus Alphard (?) Black.<br/><br/>- Snape - good or evil.  I say good - for the following reasons (though throughout most of the book I was leaning to bad, since I already knew the end - courtesy of my husband who just had to read it first):  1.Snape, Narcissa and Bellatrix never discussed Snape's betrayal of the dark side at Spinner's End.  2.  Dumbledore was pleading with Snape upon his arrival - he had no cause to believe he had turned at that point and Snape didn't point his wand at him until after Dumbledore pleaded with him a second time.  3. &amp; 4. Why didn't Snape grab Harry and take him along as a gift for his "master", and why was Snape most concerned about Harry calling him a coward?  5. And why give Snape a cursed position - if not with the intent of being able to control it.<br/><br/>- Dumbledore - dead or alive.  I am still debating that one.  The arguments that he lives are: 1. Dumbledore told Draco there are means of faking his death to protect him from Voldemort, and 2. we are not sure when the spell on Harry was lifted - upon impact on the ground below or upon impact from the Spell (or for that matter somewhere in mid air - I got the impression it may well have happened after he went over the edge) and, 3 the knowledge of Draco's plan for the duration of the school year.  On the other hand:  1. Snape seemed mortified at having to go through with this (-perhaps he wasn't clued in), 2. Maybe too complicated a death to fake, 3. The appearance of the portrait in the office, 4.  The possible need for an ultimate sacrifice and, 5. Cliché - (Gandalf - anybody)?<br/><br/>- Horcruxes - the development of divided souls is brilliant, so hats off.  What are the artifacts - is there one from Gryffindor?  Was the other amulet destroyed (unlikely but where is it hidden)?<br/><br/>If you enjoy intrigue and mystery this book is top notch - you have to read the other books for the full enjoyment (unfortunately 4 &amp; 5 as well).
 I just finished reading the latest installment and I'm still kinda trying to take it all in.  All I can say is that I'm stunned, shocked, and more than a little scared about the final book.  HBP is by far the darkest tale, but in many respects, it's also the most satisfying.  There's plenty of great moments throughout, many of which will leave readers cheering or laughing out loud.  But, there's also more darkness, betrayal, and murder than all the other books put together.  I won't ruin the plot, but I don't think I'm wrong in thinking I won't be the only one (far from it, actually) who had trouble reading the last 50 pages because I was blinking back tears.  Harry gains so much, loses even more, and (in my opinon) worst of all, gives away something that might have made him happy.  I was going to read it again immediately, but I just don't think I have it in me right now...
 This book was truly great.  I did not wait in line for 20 hours or anything, but I did read it non-stop after picking it up from the post office (through Amazon.com, of course!).  I think this is probably the second best book of the series (#4 takes the cake), but it does not serve the same purpose as the others.  The other 5 books are stories within themselves that are connected, but not explicitly so.  This book, it was clear at the end, is a set up for the seventh and final book.  That being said, this book was still spectacular, and Rowling has outdone herself again.  The plethora of romance, mystery, and adventure is compiled to create yet another masterpiece.  The book clearly deserved the hype it got, and then some.  However, it is clear that with the cliffhanging ending, the seventh and final book will be the book event of the decade.  I truly enjoyed this book, as I think any reader will.
 The darkest and most detailed yet of the Harry Potter series, it seems that it is part of the plot by JK Rowling that each installment is darker than the one before and takes us closer to the enchanting end game.<br/><br/>As Voldermort and his followers grow in power, frightening and mysterious things are happening in both the wizarding and muggle world.<br/>There is a meeting between the Minister of Magic and the Prime Minister and Severus Snape secretly consorts with Narissa Malfoy and her particularly evil sister  Bellatrix LeStrange, where he swears allegiance to Voldemort and makes an unbreakable vow to Narcissa to protect her son Draco, and to do all in hos power to make sure Draco succeeds in his quest.<br/>Harry Potter is removed from the nasty Dursleys mercifully for a final time by Dumbledore, and on his return to Hogwarts it is announced that Snape will be the new Defence Against the Dark arts teacher, a most coveted prize at Hogwarts. Few of the previous Defence Against the Dark Arts teachers has survived their full year of teaching!<br/>There are  teenage romances at Hogwarts and the usual sorting out of emotional turmoil associated with mid adolescence<br/>Harry Potter's feelings for Ron's lovely flame haired sister Ginny is growing, and Ron himself is dating Lavender Brown (somewhat 'air headed' and silly  but I've always has a soft spot for Lavender) which causes tension between Ron and Hermione.<br/>Harry shows his admirable and strong character in small ways as well as ones of greater portent.<br/>On the train to Hogwarts, Harry is in a carriage with the awkward Neville Longbottom and the eccentric Luna Lovegood and Romilda Vane asks Harry to  join her and her her friends in her carriage, adding "You don't have to sit with them'. Harry tells her in no uncertain terms that 'They're friends of mine'<br/>It is the small acts of heroism as well as the momentous ones that define Harry Potter.<br/>There are several center pieces of the bulk of the book is the journey Professor Dumbeldore<br/>guides Harry on, on the history of the life of Voldermort, formerly Tom Riddle<br/>While it is difficult to sympathize with the thoroughly evil Voldmort, who shows a penchant for murder from the beginning, I certainly felt sad for his mother Merope Gaunt, brutally ill treated by her father and brother, and abandoned by her muggle husband, dying hours after giving birth to Tom (the future Voldemort).<br/><br/>Also Harry Potter comes into ownership on a book on potions that was once owned by a mysterious 'half blood prince' which gives his powerful and vast knowledge, invaluable to his magical education and growth of his powers.<br/>Meanwhile a series of evil attacks in which Katie Bell is seriously hurt by a mysterious necklace and Ron is poisoned occur, and all signs point to Draco Malfoy, who Harry  has reason to believe has joined Voldemorts's followers as a death eater.<br/> The wisdom of Dubledore lead to some wry wisdom from him, which add to the subtle philosophical element of the series.<br/>But it is the earth shattering climax that will really enthrall and shock you, I am lucky enough to have the final book in the series on hand having just read this one and it's predecessor and can only imagine the frustration of Potter fans having to wait two years for the Deathly Hallows after the events of this blockbuster leave you wondering what the finale will bring.
 The book has been published for 6 weeks now, so I'm gessing the real fans have read it already.<br/><br/>This book is in some ways a lot like number 2 (they focus a lot on Tom Riddle, explore his past, of course in more depth then in the chamber of secrets, they explain how he came to be who he is; and also the discussion of pure-bloods en half-bloods).<br/><br/>But because of the way they explore Tom's past (throught the pensieve), a good part of the book is told not through the eyes of Harry, but a whole range of characters and this is something new. In other books (and also in the half-blood prince), the first chapter is told by someone else, but the rest of the book is about what Harry sees, feels and does. (Of course, technically, Harry still sees Tom's past through the pensive...) This exploration gives us a view on parts of the wizard world we haven't seen yet, and I like that.<br/><br/>Harry is also growing up fast. He's gotten over that anger-fase he had in Order of the Phoenix (the were parts were I really didn't like him, and three cheers to JK Rowling for writing him that way, 'cause most teenagers go through that), and the awkward love-fase. The feelings Ron, Hermione and Harry develope are also very recognisable. Some of the dialogue Harry has with himself on this matter are hilarious, because the are so familiar.<br/><br/>On the whole it was a good book. It was not overlongn the story kept going. It was a pity though that, after the first chapter about the muggle minister, there wasn't more said about that part of the world...
 Ms. Rowling has created another well-crafted adventure/mystery to the Harry Potter series. The reader will come to understand why and how Lord Voldemort became the evil, obsessed antagonist of the wizardry world. The author did a fine job of depicting the main teenage characters in an age-appropriate manner. Just like many 16-year-olds of this difficult age, some of Harry's, Ron's, and Hermoine's decisions are completely self-serving, unethical and, dare I say, meanspirited. Also, their puerile mood swings are very convincing and believable. A few new colorful characters are introduced as well as the enmity between Potter/Snape grows deeper and darker. There are smatterings of happy and funny moments, but for the most this book is pretty gloomy. Ms. Rowling has crafted a cliffhanger that easily will propel me into reading the last installment.
 I really enjoyed the book. I had seen the movies, but in recent months I have been reading the books. The character development and the unfolding of the plot line is far more complex and well constructed in the books. The visual effects are awesome in the films. But it is amazing how much more is possible to visualize in your own mind.Also, t<br/>here is quite a bit that was unable to be presented in the action films, particularly the inner dialog of the primary character, Harry. He  develops through innocent kid to teenager with all of the aungst that goes with being that age. He is not a super hero, he is an everyman who finds his way in unusual circumstances. He has weaknesses and strength,pretty much like everyone. I am looking forward to finishing all in the series. These books are a fine mythology added to our contemporary culture. And we need good examples these days.
 I am re-reading this series at the insistence of my grandson. He believes I will get much more out of it the second time around (he re-reads the series on the even years - and he is 16. He started in second grade!). He is correct!!!
 I'm - well, a lot more than either 9 or 12, and I like the series. I keep liking it better as the series goes along.<br/><br/>Harry and his friends are well into their teens by now, with all the complexities of who dates who - or doesn't. As in the real world, there are baffling moments, uncomfortable ones, and occasionally the very comfortable ones (discreetly hidden behind the vague term "snogging").<br/><br/>Harry gets a more mature view of the adults around him, too. They're not all the godlike wizards of his first year, they have their human flaws. The Hogwarts professors are seen with a more critical eye, and Harry addresses the Ministry on his own terms. Even Dumbledore is now seen to have his blind spots and failures - that injury scarcely counts as success, and his reliance on Harry in gaining crucial information falls well short of omnipotence. Harry's closer enemies are maturing, too.<br/><br/>`Nuff said. Go and read it yourself. It helps a lot if you've read the others, in order, but you'd probably like it even as your first taste of the series.<br/><br/>//wiredweird
 Honestly, this is not the best book J. K. Rowling has written, but it is still a well written and compelling book. HBP is the 6th book in the series, so when has anyone ever written a great '6th' book?<br/><br/>That being said, I loved the opening scene with the two Ministers. I also enjoyed the scenes with Harry and Dumbledore, giving us more insight into Voldemort's life. Throughout the book, it was almost like the author couldn't decide whether Harry was still a little boy(see the first two books), or a young adult(as seen in GOF and Order). It took me a good 5 minutes to stop crying at the end, so be prepared.<br/><br/>My only negative observation is that the book seemed a bit rushed, and there were many unanswered questions. Yet, I have complete confidence that the final Harry Potter will be a fabulous end to a great series of books! I can't wait!!
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince takes the series even darker, even more heart-wrenching, and still manages to work in a couple romantic entanglements. These kids are seriously growing up. When Dumbledore told Harry he wanted to take a "greater hand in your education," we knew this was going to be Dumbledore's book. Although he was absent for half the story, the his presence is always felt. As Harry first proclaims that he's "Dumbledore's man through and through," we felt a surge of pride in the loyalty Harry has always shown. Towards the end as Dumbledore states "I am not worried, Harry, I am with you," the crying began (even during my rereading) and didn't let up until the bitter end. The Harry/Dumbledore relationship was a huge part of the foundation of the entire series. The faith they constantly showed in each other was a powerful thing.<br/><br/>Sadly, I never got to experience the shock that I should have upon the ending of Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. As many know, this book was spoiled early and often. Seeing how I've reacted to it even seeing it coming, the added surprise element probably would have left me inconsolable. I seriously envy anyone who hasn't read it yet and actually doesn't know what to expect (if such a person even exists in the world by this point).<br/><br/>The main characters all get involved in love triangles in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. As the characters couple up, jealousy ensues. The Harry/Ginny/Dean triangle and the Hermoine/Ron/Lavender triangles actually surprised me during my first reading. I don't know where I was getting the idea Harry was going to end up with Hermoine, but I believed that and when that wasn't even one of the possible scenarios, I was shocked. Re-reading many years later, its clearly obvious that the couples formed in Half-Blood Prince were inevitable. I particularly loved Hermoine's crazed jealousy as she's usually so level-headed, and Harry's guilt when he realizes his feelings for Ginny.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is easily one of my favorites of the series. A constant mix of elation and devastation, the book invokes amazing feeling as it messed with my emotions. I'm actually dreading moving on to the next and final book as it will mark the ending of the series and my last chance to immerse myself in this world.
 The Half-Blood Prince has got to be the best one in the series. There is major in change in Harry's character and it shows growth toward Harry becoming a man. It had details and answered the questions left from the previous novels. It brings the whole series into perspective and proves that the next in the series is going to incredible.<br/>Harry has just set foot in his sixth year at Hogwarts and is having a difficult time coming to terms with a death in the previous novel. I won't tell who because that would ruin the book for new readers. Harry as always has his two best friends Ron Weasley and Hermoine Granger. The disputes stand and only strengthen a friendship that will last forever.  Harry has new things he must overcome and yet another death he must face that leaves him disoriented and broken. Harry also has to deal with his growing attraction for his best friends' younger sister Ginny Weasley. It is cute yet funny story line and quite rewarding. It was good to see Harry falling for somebody that understands everything he has ever been through. It shows true love will follow through no matter what the circumstances.<br/>This novel is also very different from the others not to mention quite refreshing. I was expecting something along the lines of The Order of the Phoenix but was quite delighted with the difference. The novel shows Harry older and brighter and more understanding. He is coming to terms with who he is and deals with the ideal gossip that surrounds his life always. Harry is this novel becomes a man and deals with who he is and what he must do.<br/>All in all this was a great novel. I can't even do justice to the novel by simply speaking of it. I highly recommend this book to Harry Potter fans and encourage new ones to pick up and read the first in the series. This book is amazing and rewarding. I would recommend it to any age group. ANYBODY WOULD FIND IT A REWARDING READ!! I LOVED IT. If I could rate it higher I definitely would. EXCELLENT WORK MS. ROWLING!! Keep it up, I'm eagerly awaiting the next one to come out!
 After Book 5 and the increasing number of pages (and months) devoted to Harry's isolation, loneliness and bitter, helpless rage, book 6 was a breath of fresh air.  I had given up on the series, but my wife bought the Half-Blood Prince and declared it enjoyable and fast-paced, a most welcome change for me - I am now looking forward to the seventh (last) book in the series.<br/>Rowling's books each encompass one year at Hogwart's school.  Like the fifth book (Goblet of Fire), this one doesn't end satisfyingly; even moreso than book 5, the reader is left with an all-but said "to be continued...".  Yet the year is in fact over and not every mystery can be solved on schedule.<br/>There is, as always, a treasure trove of hints and sketchy details enough to keep longtime readers guessing, debating and groaning over, as well as new revelations to satisfy some previous questions.<br/>While it may get me pilloried, I find the Harry Potter series to be a fun read...if you don't think too much about them.  After a while, my nitpicking tendencies rear their ugly head and I start to wonder how things can possibly work the way they do.  Why don't we ever hear about religion?  How can the wizards possibly keep themselves secret from the Muggle world and yet somehow stay in step with them - world war 2 included?  Why didn't Voldemort use the Adava Kedarva curse -revealed only in a later book - on Harry when they met in Book 1?  But these questions only interfere with your enjoyment of the series if you let them.  If you just take the series as a fun read without demanding explanations for everything, it stands up the same way "Star Trek" did.<br/>If you were turned off by the increasing angst-fest that Harry Potter had become, this book will surprise you pleasantly.
 I'm - well, a lot more than either 9 or 12, and I like the series. I keep liking it better as the series goes along.<br/>Harry and his friends are well into their teens by now, with all the complexities of who dates who - or doesn't. As in the real world, there are baffling moments, uncomfortable ones, and occasionally the very comfortable ones (discreetly hidden behind the vague term "snogging").<br/>Harry gets a more mature view of the adults around him, too. They're not all the godlike wizards of his first year, they have their human flaws. The Hogwarts professors are seen with a more critical eye, and Harry addresses the Ministry on his own trems. Even Dumbledore is now seen to have his blind spots and failures - that injury scarcely counts as success, and his reliance on Harry in gaining crucial information falls well short of omnipotence. Harry's closer enemies are maturing, too.<br/>`Nuff said. Go and read it yourself. It helps a lot if you've read the others, in order, but you'd probably like it even as your first taste of the series.<br/>//wiredweird
 I've read all the books and bought the movies on DVD and loved every moment. J.K Rowlings' incredibly triumphant Harry Potter books have captured the imaginations of young readers around the world, and No. 6 in the series, HARRY POTTER AND THE HALF BOOLD PRINCE is the best story so far. Ever since the books began their hugely successful roller coaster ride into movie adaptation, it has become evident that this series of adventures is very unique, tapping into young kids' need for written fantasy while simultaneously providing a high-quality read for those who are older in tooth. Voldemort and his followers, the Death Eaters, are out in the open now, so much so that Rufus Scrimgeour, the new Minister of Magic, feels it necessary to inform the muggle Prime Minister. Snape is up to no good, Draco has been given an assignment by the Dark Lord, and a net of security has dropped on Hogwarts. Deaths, disappearances, and destruction increase as Harry's penultimate year at Hogwarts begins. A darker tone, twists and turns plus a surprising and poignant death sees the story move forward in terms of character development. However despite defining this as more of a mature reader book, there still remains a fantastic sense of excitement and adventure for the kids. A Harry Potter fan from the beginning, this is my favorite book, To say too much would spoil the surprises, but rest assured, Half-Blood Prince is an exciting adventure that thrills at the turn of every page. It goes without saying that this will make a great film in 2008.<br/><br/>Daniel Ross
 I was SO excited when I heard the book was coming out. My husband and I got out with everyone else at midnight to get a copy. We dug right in that day!  I finished the book last night and although I can't wait for the next one, I was rather let down by this book.  We do get bits and pieces of how Voldemort grew to become a dark wizard and Harry gets information on how to kill Voldemort. But more than anything I wanted to understand who was the "Half Blood Prince." Yes, we do see how Harry gets help from the "Prince" and in the end we find out who it is, but to me the "Prince" had no real bearing on the story itself.  Many of the chapters were filled with only bits and pieces of information, but nothing that blew me away.  In the last book, I think Harry was more interesting because he was so angry with it seemed the world. In this book, he deals with many issues, but something was missing.  I do like that the characters are growing up and going through more "teen" issues, but I still can't help but feel let down by the book.  The last 3-4 chapters were great.  And the person that dies, I figured it might be this person, but still reading it was so sad!  Overall I think the book was just average out of all the other books.  I hope JK gives us all a better read next go round.
 This book follows the previously true and trusted franchise road map, but the sixth installment of Harry Potter is repetitive, formulaic and oh so predictable. There is little action, few thrills, tons of dialogue, some forced and some laughable, and much of the writing is in a pr'cis style, not allowing the reader to slide into the pages and feel any sort of vicarious participation.  Biggest criticism, however, is that for some insane reason J.K. Rowling is bent on making Harry Potter unlikable. In this book, he becomes a cheater, stealing class glory by fraudulent means. Ultimately, when the story does get going and reaches its climax, we realize that Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is merely the setup for the big finish of book 7 where no doubt Harry Potter, the chosen one, must wage battle against the dark Lord Voldemont, and only one of them can survive. My concern after reading this installment is that J.K. Rowling might have run out of magical steam.  Can she compete with the likes of "Return of the King?" For the sakes of the tens of millions of Harry Potter fans around the world, I certainly hope so. Readers beware! The following contains a prediction, which might spill some of the beans about Book 7 and spoil the ending of "Half Blood Prince." So feel free not to read on! Here goes: There's a nasty murder scene at the end of "Half Blood Prince." Well consider this, what if he's not really dead? In other words, he's about as dead as Gandalf the Gray is dead at the end of Book ll of "Lord of the Rings"? I would not be surprised to find him rising in Book 7 nor would I be surprised to learn that his faith and trust in that certain professor had been quite justified. Hey just a thought.... Reviewed by David Marsh of seachestbooks.
 It was definitely worth the wait.  I was glad Harry snapped out of his "poor me" attitude which prevailed throughout "The Order of the Phoenix".  He seems to be handling the new developments a lot better and with the information Dumbledore shares with him in their private lessons, he seems to have most of the tools he needs to challenge his fate.  I thought the teen romance threads of the story were pretty funny.<br/>I'm one of those people who, seeing someone die in a movie or in a book, thinks, "No, they're not dead, they're just pretending."  I suspect the significant death in this book wasn't just something that happened.  I think it happened for a reason - a sacrifice, perhaps, designed to help Harry defeat Voldemort.  I think I know who got to Voldemort's little hidden treasure before Harry did - and considering Harry's inheritance, I think Grimmauld Place will be the scene for some very interesting stuff in the next (and last?) book.<br/>For what it's worth, I'm 37 years old and absolutely love this series.  I've read each book at least four times.  I don't care if these are "kids" books.  I guess that's a compliment to me that I can be youthful enough to enjoy a great story in a fascinating world! :)
 The latest book in the Harry Potter series is possibly what you expect the series to be now. Dark, menacing, valuing love above all but redefining that value at a time of war.<br/><br/>J. K. Rowling is a severely underrated author of a severely underrated and abused kind of book: fantasy. Great works of fantasy are scarce, imaginative trash is all over the world.<br/><br/>What Ms. Rowling does here is most astonishing. She offers her characters a beating heart.<br/><br/>The book centers very much around weaknesses. The war has begun and everyone is called to choose his/her allies. The dilemmas faced by the characters are much more human than we would expect. Choices about life, love, passion, friendship, hatred, truth and personal beliefs are being made by all the characters.<br/><br/>Harry is called by Professor Dumbledore to assist him in his war against Voldemort. They use the Pensieve (a means to review memory) to discover the secrets that lie in the characters' past. Meanwhile, the students have their own plans. Decisions have been made and everyone is working for someone or something different.<br/><br/>The book is much darker than the previous ones, deaths occur, betrayal is always occuring, conflicts never end.<br/><br/>When Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince finally comes to its heart - wrenching closure, the road to an end and a new start has begun. Do yourself a favor and read it. You will see what great mythmaking is.
 This book was very intriguing!  I had a hard time putting this one down!  Knowing that there is only one more book left in the series, I am sad already!  Every book in the series has been filled with lots of twists and turns.  I am looking forward to the conclusions of Harry's adventures!
 ***relatively minor spoilers below***<br/><br/>Once I got started, I devoured HP and the Half Blood Prince in about a week.  This was a nice change from the plodding Order of the Phoenix, which I forced down over the course of several months.<br/><br/>The HBP focuses primarily on the development and evolution of the main characters.  There are only a few big events but boy, are they shocking.  The final pages throw the ball high into the air, to be caught somewhere in Book 7.<br/><br/>I fault the HBP on two points:<br/><br/>First off, many reviewers have observed that HBP is largely a setup for Deathy Hallows (which I have yet to read).  But HBP also spends many pages attempting to wrap up and weave together the events of Books 1-5.  Rowling tries to pull it all together-- characters, incidents, items from HP's past--  into one over-arching plotline.  At times it feels very strained, and it's evident that Rowling dreamed up most of these explanations and connections far after the time they were originally written.<br/><br/>Secondly, there are, of course, a number of rather astounding twists towards the end.  However, unlike in previous volumes, I don't feel that these twists were handled very well.  Their explanations seem feeble, half-hearted, and overall unsatisfactory.  The twists inevitably result in character assassination of cast members whose reliability served as much of the foundation of previous volumes.  The destruction of reliability is a bit too abrupt, and subsequent attempts to patch or explain away this loss feel like a band-aid over a dagger through the heart.  Perhaps the Deathly Hallows will help bridge these rifts.<br/><br/>Overall, it's still a very enjoyable, engrossing read.  I feel like a young school girl in admitting that intrigue over the various romances prodded me to continue flipping pages.  Several scenes and lines made me laugh out loud or smile, always a sign that a reading is time well spent.
 The next to last book in the Harry Potter series has most of the elements that have made the previous books so much fun to read.  It includes great characters that come to life and are very well written and distinct.  It includes outstanding writing that keeps you turning pages, even when the content isn't your cup of tea.  And of course it includes all the magic and mystery of the wizarding world in which Harry Potter lives.<br/><br/>What it lacks is the suspense that was prevelant in many of the other books.  Throughout the book, you know that Malfoy is on a special mission and that Snape is either helping or spying on him.  But this topic takes a back seat for a majority of the book, as the middle turns into a teen romance novel.  It seems that more time was spent on Harry and Ron's love life than the main elements of the story.  While this may be interesting for some readers, it was not for me.  There was also a lot fewer quidditch descriptions, which I missed sorely.<br/><br/>However, it's worth getting through in order to get to the end.  The climactic battle at the end of this book packs the same punch as the last battle in "The Order of the Phoenix", and its conclusion will leave you stunned.  Whatever is lacking in the middle of the book is more than made up for by its final chapters.<br/><br/>As usual, Rowling's writing style is outstanding, and you will quickly be fully engrossed in the story.  There is a great balance between drama and humor.  The characters are well written and memorable, and it's a shame to know there is only one more book left.
 I won't bother you with the story line cause I'm sure all of you already read or at least know quite well the story of this book..<br/><br/>Well Done Job for Mrs. Rowling. She answers lot of unanswered questions in the previous Potter books and also managing to present us with more of additional questions. (SPOILER) The highlights of this book is the blossoming romance between Ron and Hermione. Also Harry and Ginny. Mrs. Rowling developing each characters so well.<br/><br/>Some of you probably hate this book cause it still leave us with so many questions at the end of this book. That's the brilliant of Mrs. Rowling. If she answered all of the question now, there will be no surprise twist anymore in the final book. Not to mention we are not so eager to step in line for hours to buy the book the minute it been release so we can find the answers we hope for.<br/><br/>Few questions that we are dying to know the answers in the seventh book are:<br/><br/>1. Is Snape a member of  Lord Voldemort  team or not?<br/><br/>My prediction: Not! He is still loyal to Prof. Dumbledore. Why? Simple enough. The bad team had more strong members compare to the good side. Snape probably the strongest wizard after Lord Voldemort and Dumbledore. It will be nice if Snape on the good side helping Harry although they dislike each other.<br/><br/>2. Is the character who died in the sixth book really dead or not? My prediction : Unfortunately Yes. Why? Cause since the fourth books of Harry Potter, there was always one character dead.<br/><br/>3. The most important question of all. Since book fourth, there was always one character dead. In Book 4, a character dead. Book 5, an important character dead. In Book 6 a VERY important character dead. So in Book 7, probably the most important character will die. The question is who? Harry or Lord Voldemort?<br/><br/>And after I read all sixth of really good Harry Potter books, I am sure that Mrs. Rowling can write a real satisfying final book of this magnificent series.
 J.K. Rowling's sixth effort proves that her fertile imagination and capacity to amaze readers have only picked up steam. I refuse to give many spoilers, but this is certainly the darkest book yet, with the death of one of the main characters strengthening Harry's resolve to a hitherto-unseen-point. Harry now determines to head towards his final confrontation with Voldemort of his own free will and because of Voldemort's evil deeds, not because he thinks the prophecy of the last book demands it.<br/><br/>The Death Eaters' doings have spilled over into the Muggle world, and there is panic reminiscent of 9-11 in both the Wizard and Muggle realms. Cornelius Fudge's successor as Minister of Magic wants Harry to pretend to work for the Ministry as a sort of mascot, since wizards are hopefully calling him the "Chosen One." But Harry holds to his principles, since both he and Dumbledore disapprove of the Ministry's recent showy actions in fighting Voldemort and his forces. He coldly, and bravely, informs the new Minister that he is Dumbledore's man, through and through. This one instance highlights Harry's increasingly uncompromising character, for he is being forced to become a strong leader, even if that involves unpopular decisions.<br/><br/>Yet not all is dark and falling apart. In the midst of a world spiraling ever deeper into death and fear, romance blooms in some not-unexpected (and surprising) places. Love is perhaps Rowling's main theme throughout the series, and it is shown triumphant in even difficult times. Harry is reminded that it is his capacity to love that gives him an advantage over He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, and this advantage will clearly be crucial in the last, almost certainly harrowing, book.<br/><br/>This is an undeniable, and quite original, masterpiece. I salute the author, and look forward to the series' conclusion with a bittersweet eagerness.
 A quick read from Rowling which was satisfactorily cliffhanging in preparation for Book 7.  This book took all of three hours for me to read (rather a disappointment when you consider how long we've all been waiting for it).  There were many plot points throughout that were annoying (notably the Malfoy side plot, which involved very little of Draco but a lot of Harry thinking about what possible evil Draco could be up to...this was excessive, IMHO).  Neither Dumbledore nor Tonks rang true as characters, leading me to think they were somehow under the control of the Dark Side.<br/><br/>Some solutions were presented to leftover Book 5 plot points but generally the overall tone of the book felt like a long, weak diary entry Harry might make:  he crashes around in a fog most of the time; there is some hormonal/romantic stuff going on; some Quidditch; then there is the fight scene obligato at the end.  The real Voldemort-related stuff is very minimal (Voldemort himself does not appear in Harry's world, only in flashbacks), and most of Harry's internal questions about the Dark Side remain unanswered.<br/><br/>Having come this far I'll definitely buy book 7 but only to find out about what happened to Draco and Snape.  I seem to be liking them much better than Harry, Ron and Hermione these days, perhaps because we are *not* privy to their every thought and emotion.
 This book is SOOOOOOOOOO GOOD. I love harry potter in general, but this book is the best of the entire series. I hope that J.K Rowling makes a ninth book(including the eighth book, even though tht is just a play script) about Harry's life after he leaves Hogwarts and how he endied up like he was in the eighth book. 5 dtars and good work J.K Rowling!
 In Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, Voldemort and his Death Eaters have returned, and the wizarding community is at war. Yet for sixth year students at Hogwarts, life goes on, full of difficult NEWT-level classes, Quidditch games, and lots of snogging. For Harry, normal life also includes trying to keep the peace between Ron and Hermione, the gut-wrenching pangs of first love, and a little potions help from a new friend.<br/><br/>But even Hogwarts isn't immune from Voldemort's influence, which rears its ugly head outside the enchanted walls and, Harry suspects, even within. But Harry must investigate both Voldemort's current plans and his past to find the weaknesses of the boy who became the Dark Lord. And time is of the essence, for the wizarding community will soon face its darkest hour yet...
 In Harry's sixth year at Hogwarts, we find the world a darker place. Voldemort's power is growing and his Death Eaters are attacking not only the magic community, but the Muggle world as well. Hermione reads the paper every day looking for the answer to Ron's also daily question, "Anybody we know?".<br/><br/>Dumbledore takes Harry aside for special "lessons" and together they delve into memories in search of Voldemort's past, in search of any little clue that would help defeat him. Otherwise, things go much the same at Hogwarts as always. . . new teachers, misunderstandings between friends, homework, crushes, Quidditch, and deadly peril.<br/><br/>Rowling's latest is another exceptionally good work from the first page to the last. I'll not give any spoilers, but will only say that the final chapters were so intense and emotional that I've thought of little else since I finished reading it two days ago! Much of it is open to debate, hopeful re-interpretation and speculation-and I expect we'll see a lot of it as we wait for the final installment. Rowling will have a lot to answer in the book seven, as the Half Blood Prince asked more questions than it answered and ended with many loose ends to be tied. In the meantime, this book 1s well worth at least one more read for it's funny lines, awesome adventure and exceptional writing. My admiration for its author deepens, as does my love and concern for its characters.
 I would say that this book is an excellent and dark installment in the Harry Potter collection. I thought it was a very enjoyable read. Some might say that this book was again fomulaic as it revolves around the a school year. But that's simply what it does, it recounts Harry's education and adventures at Hogwarts, the place he considers his real home. I found that this book did not have as much of the playfulness that previous books in the series had but the subject matter is a lot more serious than before. But that did not take away from the interest in the book and there were still plenty of moments to make you laugh out loud. What makes this a great installment is the mystery of finding Voldemort's roots and the continuous development of the characters. You really feel like you have grown up with them and understand their personalities and some of the common things they would be going through (dating; apparition tests which remind me very much of driving tests). I don't want to give anything away but I would say that this book has the most profound ending of any of the other books. You find out a lot of information in the Order of the Phoenix but this ending really left me thinking and experiencing great emotions. Definitely pick this up as it is a good read, but don't do it until you have read the first five! =) This series is a definite must read for anyone, especially if you like dark, fun adventure with a maturation that grows with the characters.
 My recollections are hazy, but I can still dimly recall getting my hands on Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. This was 1998, so I must've been about 11 or 12 years old, the same age as Harry. Around the time the third book came out, I remember that J.K. Rowling stopped by a local bookstore. When it came my turn to get my book signed, I told her that "if you keep writing, I'll keep reading."<br/><br/>Like many other readers in my age range, there's the uncanny feeling that Harry is growing up with me. Gone are the lighthearted days of magical candy and duels that involve no worse than tickling charms. Instead, we've been exposed to joy-stealing Dementors, murder most foul, political tension, and, heaven forbid, interest in the opposite gender.<br/><br/>I'm hesitant to even call the latest installment a book for children, since there is a bleakness and foreboding present from the very beginning that casts a grim pallor over all that is to follow. (Not to mention some blood-splattering and bone-crunching.) Don't get me wrong, the series is still a hybrid of a mystery/detective story, boarding school tale, fantasy, and action-adventure. Under this common framework, however, we are presented with darker elements: death curses, traitors, bridge bombings, and Inferi (the undead). I'm a huge fan of this shift in tone, but I have a definite preference for dark fantasy. (The Dark Tower, for example.)<br/><br/>As for my predictions for the conclusion: Elements of the traditional quest have always been subtly present in each of the books, but I get the feeling that they'll be coming to the forefront in the last one. Harry has gone from a neglected orphan to a knight sallying forth to battle evil. That isn't to say that matters will end well...
 After a few chapters, I realized that I had not a care in the world for the characters, their feelings, their personalities, or their plights. Perhaps I have felt this way for a while, and am just now in the 6th installment of the series noticing it, or maybe my tastes in literature have changed since last book.<br/><br/>While many people obviously enjoy the Harry Potter series, and I cannot deny that it effectively kept me occupied for an afternoon and well into the wee hours of next morning to read, something was lacking from the whole experience.<br/><br/>Sure, the characters are growing, and maturing throughout the books, experiencing new scenarios of love and difficult exams, having positions of authority in the school as prefects and, in Harry's case, captain of the quidditch team, but I don't think that the main character has been very dynamic. Unlike many of the most memorable characters in some novels, with many-faceted and deep personalities, Harry, in particular, just seems to be a somewhat 2-dimensional, predictable and, well, static character.<br/><br/>He is easily classified as a rebellious teenager, stubborn, with little respect for any authority outside of Dumbledore (maybe some interesting changes will occur in the 7th book, eh?). He is constantly suspicious of Snape and Malfoy, to the point of ridiculous idiocy and recklessness, but, then again, as the `chosen one,' perhaps he feels he must delve into anything and everything he feels is involved with Voldemort.<br/><br/>Which leads to yet another dull character... earlier in the series, Voldemort was the mysterious enemy, this powerful, hidden and not-dead-yet-not-quite-alive villain, who no one could really fathom. When his motives are finally revealed, he is just standard evil guy #23 - the man with somewhat a history of sadism, who uses his unusually powerful innate abilities to strive for immortality and power, justified by his distant heritage.<br/><br/>I will buy, and read the next book, even though I have a multitude of gripes with the characters, and Rowling's ideas of magic and its practitioners' awe with technology. Besides, with the Harry Potter name, you know that you will feel left out being the only literate person not to read it...<br/><br/>I give Harry Potter a 3/5 stars. Keep in mind, however, that beauty is in the eyes of the beholder. One need only look at the multitude of 4-5 star ratings to see that many other people enjoyed the book more than I have, and perhaps you, reading this review, will enjoy - or have enjoyed - the Half Blood Prince more than I did.
 This installment is more subtle than crafty, more intelligent than clever, the tone echoing the growing sophistication and maturity of the main characters.  Once again, Rowling plays the readers' emotions like a master.  To borrow from cliché, "I laughed, I cried..."  I also "whooped" out loud and gasped in shock.  Full of wisdom, laced with sarcasm, HBP answers many burning questions, such as:  Why didn't Voldemort die when the curse aimed at baby Harry backfired?  Can Snape really be trusted?  How did Tom Riddle become Voldemort?  and Is the DADA job really cursed?  At times, sweet and comfortable, the characters not only make you care about them, they make you realize that they care for one another (the Old Crowd, that is). Some of the fans who've been hoping for certain relationships to develop will be pleased (others will be crushed), and it's not just the students who are pairing up (someone is planning a wedding); even during wartime (and perhaps because of it) life goes on.  Even as scanning the obituaries for familiar names becomes a daily ritual, some deaths are felt more deeply, are more devastating than others. One death can change everything.<br/><br/>And so the long wait for the conclusion to the Harry Potter saga begins.  And for the first time, I'm truly worried about the boy.
 Finally made it through book six of my Harry Potter reread!<br/><br/>Like all the HP books, I adore this one. I love how everything has been set up for the final book. We learn about the Horcruxes, giving Harry a tangible goal, we have Harry losing the last of his protectors, we've got romance, and intrigue, and a fabulous obsession with Draco Malfoy.<br/><br/>There really is so much wonderful in this one, and rereading it was like a trip down memory lane. :D
 Hmm. Unfortunately I’ve already read the next book! This was a reread. However: you are never too old, never too wise, and never too important to learn from someone young or different than you.
 Could any more be possibly written about this, or any other, installment of the Harry Potter series?  Here is the one sentence review: If you like the other Harry Potter books then you'll like this one.<br/><br/>Like millions of other families, we waited for this latest novel with great anticipation.  When it did arrive, the hardest thing was waiting for all four of us to get through the book so we could talk about it!  In that spirit, I won't get into the plot of the story since that might ruin it for you.  (If you must know all the details, read one of those insanely long reviews that follow this one.)  However, I will say The Half-Blood Prince had the feel of a more adult novel-albeit one with children protagonists-than a children's book.<br/><br/>You learn much more about Snape, the Malfoys, some of the other Death Eaters, and of course Lord Voldmort.  Harry and his friends learn about romance, or the teenage version of it.  There is an exciting conclusion and, finally, a real cliffhanger ending.<br/><br/>While the fantastic story lines of her earlier works suffered under the weight of occasionally spotty writing, this one suffers the reverse.  It has the feel of a passageway to the (hopefully) fantastic conclusion, but the writing and character development is much more robust.  Even at a hefty 650 pages, it is a quick, fun, and absorbing read.  What more could you want from a Harry Potter book?  Were you expecting Dostoyevsky?
 It's such a great set of books. They take you on an emotional roller coaster as you get lost in the tale. I won't spoil anything, but this one shocked me. I'm off to start the final book and I'm already dreading it's end.
 9/10<br/><br/>I enjoyed reading the Voldemort’s backstory something the movies do not do justice. It is also fun to read the awkward yet truthful relationship dilemmas between the characters. It is a great set up for the end of the series—one I couldn’t have waited if I had read this when it was first released.
 If you had followed the plot, which I think you may have lost.. you will remember, the background character(Super Ginny), had adored Harry from the moment she saw him. A young child would realize something was brewing with them, that she would play a bigger part. Also, why should a background character not have new importance? After all, her whole family are members of the Order of the Phoenix. Her character was developing in The Order of the Phoenix.<br/><br/>Hermione, explained why she was not supporting Harry in finding the book, she basically asked Harry had he not learnt anything from the book Ginny found. A good question, surely a reason to be against the book, and in turn, his actions.<br/><br/>Buy this book, read it, enjoy it.<br/>The book is excellent! Book 7 is even better!
 There are no spoilers here, so read on. There aren't many authors that inspire the kind of devotion that Rowling does, and this book is a reaffirmation of why. The book fits perfectly with previous ones in the series. Many surprising revelations, and all the elements of suspense, action and ever-maturing relationships that you have become used to. The Harry Potter series is magical not only for all these, but the many truths about human nature that Rowling talks about so well. This book inspires you, and is guaranteed to keep you bleary-eyed for days while you finish it off.<br/><br/>Does it match up to its forerunners? Yes. Is it better? No. It's hard to top the Order of the Phoenix and the Goblet of Fire. The book feels familiar, but different enough to keep your attention throughout. This isn't as action-packed as the Order of the Phoenix, but the storytelling is first-rate, and you will leave it feeling even more for the characters than you've managed so far. They've grown in more sense than one. A note of warning, though. If you haven't read the previous books, do so, as there is absolutely no attempt to rehash any history at all here. Spend your money for this - it's destined for history, as is every other Harry Potter book out there. With all the hype preceding the book, there must have been immense pressure on Rowling, but she succeeds admirably.
 As much as I enjoyed all the books, Book 6 is one of my favorites! I think I was attracted to the darker themes in the novel and it certainly kept up to my expectations. The introduction of the Horcruxes was the most interesting in the series and J.K. Rowling is on point! She introduced certain themes very smoothly and you can imagine the events in your mind as you read. I never ever got bored with Harry Potter since I read the first book. The movies have been amazing and I was very sad that the series came to an end. You learn a lot from Harry Potter and what he goes through and the people he meets. There are a number of life lessons that everyone goes through and in Harry Potter, it not only entertains you, but it TEACHES you!
 I must implore with those considering writing a review for this book: GIVE NOTHING AWAY! No hints, no slight asides - NOTHING! More secrets are revealed in this book than in the previous three, and some of the events that occur are, to be a bit melodramatic, earth shattering. They will leave you numb.<br/><br/>But you won't hear anything about them from me. If I did, I would be cheating you of a magnificent experience. If reviewers had given away the ending of The Sixth Sense of Million Dollar Baby (not that I'm saying that the ending in this book is similar to those movies, mind you), both movies would have lost their "oomph" factor. So it is here. To breathe a whisper would be similar to breaking a blood oath.<br/><br/>I will simply say that this was the most satisfying book in this marvelous series to date.<br/><br/>Rowlings doesn't waste any time getting started. She immediately tosses us a giant bone on which to nibble, and we do, all the way to the end. And in between she weaves, as usual, her brilliant webs. Her superb combination of mystery and magic are on full display here. Moreover, her writing is more confident, improved. All writers worth a grain of salt get better the more they write, and this is certainly the case with J.K. Rowlings.<br/><br/>I'll leave you with this: enjoy! You will devour this book, and immediately yearn for the next.
 I enjoyed the sixth book immensely. It was a bit of fresh air after the intensity of the fourth and the fifth books. There is still a dark edge to the books, but it is not as harsh as it was in the previous two. As such this book reads much more like the first three books. The story is much more simple than the previous two books as well, and Rowling injects what has become a very bleak outlook on Harry's potential life with games of quidditch, a touch of mystery, and romantic intrigue to lighten the load... yes, the romance has all finally been addressed in some new and unexpected directions as well.<br/><br/>I simply adored this addition to the Harry Potter world. Many of my favorite characters performed just how I wanted them to, but I feel that Rowling may have another surprise or two in store for us all in book 7. I feel that this book gets overlooked alot in the series. I urge you not to disregard this book. I feel like it is an important stepping stone for 7, and as suck should not be counted out.
 This is my favourite installment in J.K. Rowling’s epic fantasy series on Harry Potter. The author’s style of storytelling is spellbinding and awe-inspiring with universal themes and magnificently crafted characters.<br/><br/>Harry and Professor Dumbledore have some very insightful conversations as they work together to unravel the mystery of Voldemort’s past. There are sparkling instances of Dumbledore’s legendary wisdom. Harry’s character growth is significant, as is his deepening friendship with Ron and Hermoine.<br/><br/>The theme of life going on in times of war is brought out well with accounts of exciting Quidditch matches and hilarious Apparation lessons. Ron’s episode with the lucky potion Felix Felicis reiterates the crucial role of self-confidence in success. I particularly liked the three steps for Apparation- Destination, Determination and Deliberation. They could be applicable to myriad areas of our own lives too.<br/><br/>Apart from that, Fred and George’s joke shop is flourishing with innovative products that have amusing effects. For the first time, Harry shows brilliance in Potions, with the aid of an old textbook belonging to the ‘Half-Blood Prince’, whose identity is kept under wraps through the major part of the story. Harry also gets a chance to shoulder formal leadership as Quidditch Captain. He struggles realistically to live up to the responsibility.<br/><br/>From the interesting opening on the Muggle/ non-magical Prime Minister to the intense and heartrending concluding chapters, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is a gripping and memorable read that will remain etched in my mind for good. Naturally, it left me eager for the seventh and final book. I feel the entire series is thoroughly deserving of the popularity and acclaim that it has received and I cannot recommend it highly enough!
 The book is Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince by J.K. Rowling. She did a fantastic job on this book. Harry is back and better than he was before. The main conflict is the growing threat of Lord Voldemort and his followers. Harry, now known as the "Chosen One", begins his sixth year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Love is around for the new installment, as Harry and Ron begin to express their feelings to those around them. Ron begins a relationship with Lavender Brown while Harry begins to show signs of liking Ginny. Harry finds a mysterious potions book during class that helps him achieve better potions grades. Soon the fight comes to Hogwarts and a sacrifice will change Harry's life forever.<br/><br/>This book is good because of the way it keeps readers on edge. The mood it creates is tense and suspenseful, which will make readers gasp and keep them from putting down this book. After this book, people would want purchase the other Harry Potter books. The guarantee is that no one would ever just think of this masterpiece as another of the same material. This book is worth the money.
 Things keep turning darker around Harry Potter.  Now that there is a new Minister of Magic, everyone finally believes Harry's claim that You Know Who is back.  But that doesn't necessarily make life any easier.<br/><br/>The fight against the Dark Lord is progressing poorly.  Death is a common occurrence and is affecting many of the students at Hogwarts.  Harry is still trying to deal with the pain of loosing his godfather.<br/><br/>But life goes on.  With the results of their OWLs back, Harry, Ron, and Hermione face a less full schedule but more homework.  Harry has been made Quidditch caption for the Gryffindor House.  Romantic entanglements are in the air.  And they start learning to Apparate.<br/><br/>Harry gets a boost in his studies from someone called the Half Blood Prince.  The notes he's found in this old textbook are making him the star student.<br/><br/>But, as always, trouble is lurking beneath the surface.  Dumbledore has requested special lessons with Harry.  What will Harry learn?  And Harry is sure that Draco is up to something sinister, but he can't get anyone to take him seriously.  Is Harry right?<br/><br/>While the first chapter or two offer some recap, this book assumes you are familiar with the universe already.  It really is best to start at the beginning before you dive into this book.<br/><br/>The characters continue to develop here, although some of the minor characters don't have as much to do as in previous books.  The story moves better then the last book with fewer repetitious scenes.<br/><br/>My problem with this book is the fact that it doesn't really resolve much.  It advances the overall story very well.  But you can feel the "To be continued" at the end even if it isn't actually written there.  That always frustrates me.<br/><br/>The book will please fans and I'm sure it will prove very important in the final book.  It just lacked a resolution to anything in the book.
 Naturally, this is by far Rowling's darkest book to date. It's silly, really, to think that in turbulent times, her characters and their experiences should remain light-hearted and carefree just to stay crammed into a particular age group among Rowling's readers. Harry, Ron, Hermione and all the others have lives of their own, brought to life by Rowling's pen, and they need to follow the course of events that she lays out for them.<br/><br/>One of the best things that Rowling does in The Half-Blood Prince is what she's consistently been doing throughout the series: she keeps her characters real. Rowling must remember what it was like to be a teenager. Being only 5 years past the teenage years myself, I feel as though she captures the essence of being a teenager - they are not wise beyond their years, and sometimes the only cure to dark and stressful times is a good snog in a corner. There are not as many funny incidents, but there are more funny or clever retorts and observations from the characters as they get older. I laughed out loud several times. I cried during the funeral of a beloved character.<br/><br/>This is clearly somewhat of a "filler" book. We get a lot of answers to things that have occurred in the past. As Rowling's characters grow up, it seems that her writing style is maturing a bit as well.<br/><br/>I will agree that the pacing sometimes felt off - a bit too rushed at times, even. I am curious to see how Rowling will manage to finish the series in one book. Given the questions she leaves hanging at the end, and the adventures that we know Harry will have to face, I do not see how one book any less than 1,000 pages would be able to satisfy our needs. Perhaps there will be more than 7 books after all.<br/><br/>I know I'll be along for the ride.
 Things were definitely turning darker at the end of "The Goblet of Fire" with the return of a full-bodied Voldermort and the tragic death of a student. We were left with a sense of doom; we felt we were at the eve of a war. "Order of the Phoenix" confirmed that the war is on and no one is safe anymore. In the "Half-Blood Prince," casualties start to fall, fear and danger lurk in the corridors of Hogwarts, and terrible revelations are made about Voldermort's power.<br/><br/>Harry, whom the papers now call the "chosen one", has started to realize that he might bear alone the responsibility of suppressing evil by killing Voldermort. (Neither one could be alive while the other one is, says the prophecy.)<br/><br/>At the beginning of the story, we find a grown up Harry; he is sixteen soon to be seventeen years old and he has faced death one too many times with the recent death of his godfather, Sirius Black. He is angry, he is boiling inside, and his magical talents are growing, - some with the help of the mysterious "half-blood prince" whose used potions book he is using - under the guidance of his mentor and protector, Albus Dumbledore. While Dumbledore is still Harry's professor and superior, their relationship is one of profound friendship and mutual respect.<br/><br/>There is a moment in the book that may define the whole story. Harry turns down the offer of the Minister of Magic, Scrimgeour, to become a poster boy for the good work of the Ministry in exchange of protection, and Scrimgeour, bitter and angry, notes that Dumbledore has done a good job on him and that he is now "Dumbledore's man through and through," to which Harry responds - to Scrimgeour's surprise - that "yes, he is, and he is glad they've got that straightened out." It is pledge of allegiance on Harry's side, a declaration of absolute trust, which will make the eyes of the strong yet sensitive Dumbledore watery for a moment when the conversation is reported to him by Harry, and which will prove to be mutual in a chapter that will blow you away...<br/><br/>Beware: if you are a true Harry Potter fan, the "Half-Blood Prince" can break your heart!<br/><br/>Suddenly, the "kids' story" has grown up a lot too. It has turned so dark over the last three episodes that we really wonder how it will end. By the end of "Half-Blood Prince", we are entitled to little hope and big questions. Yet, we can't wait for the next book to be in the stores!
 Make no mistake,  Rowling is at the top of her form. She understands that writing a good story requires well-drawn and realistic characters. Harry and friends are so clearly teenagers, with their angst, anger and easy mood swings. Rowling knows that you need tension, boy howdy does she know it! This book starts tense, bleak and promising and ends with such a perfect suprise/twist that readers are knocked physically back. Rowling also knows that a good story requires a place for the action to occur. She has expanded her world with each successive novel, adding realism and substance to the wizarding world and its intricacies.<br/><br/>Granted, the book is enormous, but given the size of the print and the excellent pacing of a story that involved Harry actually doing well in Potions, it is still a quick read.
 I watched all the movies BEFORE reading any of the books and it seemed like things were missing but now that I've read most of the books 📚 I understand the movies better. I can honestly day I prefer her books over the movies.
 Ok, I've read several of the other reviews and almost didn't write my own.  I feel, however, that my review might help somebody decide so here goes....<br/><br/>I really wansn't disappointed in the storyline.  It was what I expected and so that was good.  I don't recommend that anyone buy the 6th book without having read the first 5, even though they each pretty much can stand on their own.  It just makes you feel more personally involved in each of the characters lives even though you know it's fantasy/fiction.  I enjoy that the characters are actually growing up and their personalities are changing and evolving.  It's so aggravating when a series of books go on and on as if time isn't passing.  I won't say that I felt shock at any point with the plot turns and twists because book 5 made me realize that nothing is off limits when it comes to characters being killed off.  (Now that one shocked me...but it was more a disappointment that I felt for Harry's character...sadness and all that)  I liked the fact that within the main plot of Harry versus Voldemort, Harry, Ron, Hermione and the others have everyday issues and problems and normal lives (for them anyway).  The romantic aspect in these last three books are interesting simply because there are so many matches that "could" happen.  As a whole, I really liked this book and my only disappointment was that I read it so quickly and it will be so long til the next one.
 I received The Half-Blood Prince for Christmas from my wife, Thanks Honey!!<br/><br/>I just finished it last night. All I can say is how sad Harry has gone through a lot, in this book he suffers more loss and while he and Ginny start dating, in the end he must make a choice, and end the brief relationship with Ginny.<br/><br/>In this book Harry has a bit more fight in him and maybe a bit less trust in the Headmasters judgment as far as trusting Snape and Draco.<br/><br/>You observe a preoccupied Harry almost obsessed that he knows Draco is up to something, to a point where his friend no longer pay attention to Harry's suspicions.<br/><br/>In the end it all wraps up with a uncertain future for Hogwarts and Harry's return to Hogwarts, will he return to study or go in search of those that wronged him and the individuals that he cares about. I can even envision that he meets up with Voldemort and finally annihilate him and all the Death Eaters along with anyone who helped Voldemort, and return to Hogwarts and become the youngest Headmaster. I guess we will have to wait and see.
 In the story of Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince it appears that evil has begun it's insidious invasion, even the muggles feel that unsettled feeling that Harry has been aware of for so long.<br/><br/>Harry begins to seek out the story of young Voldemort, hoping that he will discover something that will help overcome the force of evil that threatens to destroy all they hold dear.<br/><br/>It seems at first that the two opposing sides, good and evil, have clearly drawn loyalties but as the story progresses it becomes difficult to distinguish who is on which side and why they may have made their choice.<br/><br/>As Harry seeks out the truth concerning the early days of Voldemort he makes some uncomfortable discoveries about his father's boyhood behavior which leave him confused and questioning his own beliefs.<br/><br/>This is a wondrous and dark tale of coming of age, of overcoming evil and of learning the hard lessons in life about betrayal and true friendship and the priceless treasure of love.
 It doesn't really matter what the reviews say about this book because everybody instictively knows whether or not they are going to read it.  I found it to be an excellent addition in the series.<br/><br/>The plot was a little slower and less action-filled than some of the other novels, but this allows for more of the background history to come into play.  We also see more character development and relationship formations than in the preceding novels.  There is a great amount of information on the younger Voldemort, which helps to explain why and how Voldemort is what he is.  There was less Quidditch, which I found to be good since you can only describe those types of scenes so often before they become dull and detract from the story.  The only thing that I disliked was the running trend that Harry thinks he is right and no one believes him.  It's quite irkesome because in every book, Rowling puts Harry in this situation.  The book also promises a climatic battle in the next novel between good and evil, which I can't wait to read.<br/><br/>Rowling also manages to keep all of her facts straight.  Sometimes with a series, authors forget what they wrote in previous novels and contradict things.  Rowling remains true, and she has a quirky way of intertwining small facts from other novels into the current one.<br/><br/>Basically, it was an excellent novel, and you'll enjoy it!  Grade:  A (5 stars)
 This book was okay. It was a little sad at the end. As usual, Rowling is remarkable with the world she created and the story she has to tell. I can't wait to read The Deathly Hallows to finish out the series. Even though I knew most of what happened during the book and how the series ended, I still couldn't help feeling sad and angry at some of the stuff that happened. That's how emotionally moving this book has been, and it's the most emotional one thus far, even more so than Order of the Phoenix. I even wondered a time or two that Rowling was really torturing Harry Potter by having him lose all the people he cares about. This is probably the darkest book so far, and the writing wasn't that bad either.
 'Half Blood Prince' was well worth the wait.  For those of us who read HP from the beginning, we are seeing the series progress as the author wanted them to.  Some questions are answered, more questions are raised and in all cases the reader WANTS the answers.  *what IS going to happen w/Lupin?*<br/><br/>I enjoyed the book very much!  Having said that, I think that the author may lose some of the younger fans *kids who really are too young to be reading the series* as structurally the story differs a bit from the others.  This is not a book for eight year olds...sorry, just my opinion.  For those who say it and the previous 2 books were "too dark", remember that they are designed to age with their readers.  Harry's sixteen now, put 2 and 2 together!!  Older kids &amp; adult HP fans will enjoy this book very much.
 I threw this book down when I finished -- down the hall as hard as I could. I screamed and I cried and I pouted.  And then I started talking about it with my boyfriend and turned my fury into theory.<br/><br/>As it turns out -- this, the 6th book in the HP series, was the one that left me with the strongest wonderings afterwards, the strongest need to talk and theorize with others about what's to come.  Maybe because it's getting close to the end of it all (and we all, sadly, know that), but more likely, it's because J.K. Rowling takes characters we are incredibly intertwined with at this point in the series and plays with their fate.  This book advances the master plot line, although I have many questions and theories about what will happen as she attemts to finish it all out in the ultimate chapter.<br/><br/>The 6th book differs from the others in many regards, but not in its ability to engage its readers in that very special and magical way that Harry Potter books can.
 In honor of the 20th anniversary, I decided to finish reading the series. This is the best book do far. Adventure, mystery, humor, romance, disappointment and hope all in one. Looking forward to the next one.
 This is Rowling's best writing yet. Most of the book maintains the quality of the last chapters of Goblet of Fire. The style can best be described as a mixture of humour and horror. The Weasley twins still manage to produce even more laughs than before. Dumbledore is at his irrepressible best. In general, Rowling manages to point out the funny side in everything but the most serious encounters. In counterpoint to this, a real terrorist war is raging. Hardly a chapter goes by without news of the disappearance of a known character, or a family member of one of the schoolchildren.<br/><br/>This book was previewed as the most romantic yet. That's true ... in the sense of teen hormones going crazy. Rowling devotes a considerable section in the middle of the book almost entirely to affairs at Hogwarts. It's not about the lessons, or the presence of the war in the School, it's all about Quidditch and who is going out, and why they are doing it with the wrong person. It is pretty amusing to start with, but even I found it went on for a bit too long.<br/><br/>The main section of the book, which mostly comes after that, is essentially one of answers to many of the questions we have been, or should have been asking. It begins a little stereotypically, but then gets very interesting and informative. Unfortunately, at the end one could say too many questions are answered. The ending is dramatic, and the revelations there so shocking, that they seemed to me they would have been more suitable immediately before the conclusion of the entire series than of one book.<br/><br/>There is always a debate about the appropriate age groups for a particular Harry Potter book. I would say this one is set for about 14-19 year olds. I am not sure how well younger children would handle the overall tone of this book. For the adults, my major disappointment with this book, as with so many other fiction books, was with the philosophy revealed at the end. In all the previous books, the message has been that love can triumph over evil and death, and that enough people with good intentions can stand together and defeat evil. In this book, Harry and his friends are, or are about to become, legal adults in their world. The message, it seems, is that ALL the previous adults have failed. Too many of them have turned to evil, and those that have not are split into factions too weak to fight evil on their own and too divided to fight together. Harry's generation will have to essentially ignore them as they fight against Voldemort and his minions and set the world to rights.<br/><br/>I can understand that view, but I don't like it, I don't agree with it and I can see just how flawed it is. I mean, even in the books, the generation of Harry's parents thought that, and before them *Voldemort's* generation thought that. I had really enjoyed the book up to that point. Not only did the conclusion mostly wreck the effect of the previous pages, but at least in the immediate aftermath it seems to have ruined the entire series for me. The innocence and sense of hope and optimism is gone. And simply because of my age, I am lumped in with those that caused the problems, and it seems I am no longer welcome in Harry's little world.
 With SO MANY reviews already one more will likely add little to the fray, but here it goes! This book is great! It held my imagination so well that I had a hard time thinking while at work and actually had to take a morning off to finish it!! This book has all the elements of an epic tale: love, danger, betrayal, heroic deaths. This is definitely the most mature of Rowlings productions, and it may leave some tearful at points. Still it has all bits I have come to love about the series, the interplay between Ron and Hermoine and the wacky world of wizards and witches. This story stands out more than the others in that the coming of age aspects are more pronounced than ever. Rowling has been able to let Harry has grow older in a way that seems very real (and appropriate). He must deal with more responsibility, difficult personal decsions and teenage angst. Not only does Half-Blood Prince contain all this but it moves the grand plot of the entire series to the precipace. At the end we are faced with daunting tasks and unknown challenges. Essentially this book perfectly sets up the plot for a seventh and final installment. I can't wait!
 My third time reading the entire series from beginning to end and this book still is my absolute favorite out of them all. Amazingly well written. J.K. Rowling is an inspiration and so brilliant in too many ways to count. She really is magical.
 Really, what can one say that hasn't already been said regarding this book? I am a skeptic turned convert; Rowling's series is a truly wonderful example of literary prose. But more importantly, her rise from obscurity on the dole to that of international stardom is truly the masterpiece.<br/><br/>My first encounter with "Harry" was when my young son, wife, and I had moved to Scotland from California. I remember seeing the release of the very first book and was totally disinterested. However, as my son acclimated to British culture the story soon made its way into our living room where my wife would cuddle up in a cozy chair and read about His wonderful and magical adventures. Of course, when the movies premiered, we were there: first in Edinburgh then in London and we were never let down.<br/><br/>With the release of book 6; my son, now much older, couldn't wait to know what was going on. Secretly, neither could I! I rarely write reviews for fictional books because I sparsely have the time to visit the pages inside. But, if ever I were to make an exception, book 6 was it. So, when it released, it was a family affair; we were there to get our own copy. And wow! We were not let down.<br/><br/>I wish I could share with you the contents, but that would be so inappropriate to say the least. Suffice it to say, you are going to be surprised! You are going to be moved. This is yet another classic story for the whole family in the making. I highly recommend this and all of Jo's books; you will not be disappointed!<br/><br/>(...)
 The story concerns the sixth year of wizard school for Harry Potter, who is now sixteen. He realizes he is the only one who can defeat Lord Voldemort, and spends much time with Professor Dumbledore gaining insight into the Dark Lord's early life. Harry also finds time for Quidditch and a girlfriend, while often sparing with his old enemies, Professor Snape and Draco Malfoy. Although the book is filled with overlong speeches, Jim Dale's clever voices more than hold your attention.<br/><br/>The audio cassette edition is excellent. Versatile actor Jim Dale does more than just read the book; he performs it, using a unique voice for every character, so it's like listening to a movie. His voice is very easy on the ear; he reads at just the right speed and makes each page exciting.<br/><br/>This 12-cassette, 19-hour edition is fun anytime, but would be especially entertaining while commuting or on a long car trip. I heartily recommend it to fans of the Harry Potter series.<br/><br/>Kona
 Finished the book in the wee hours this morning and was amazed to see so many reviews already. Also amazed so many think this book is too long. I found it too short... short, to my thinking so that the plotline could move to this launching pad of a cliffhanger, but at the sacrifice of the wonderful places and details that give flavor to Harry Potter's world. There was no wizard-like meal, no building as interesting as Black's Grim Old Place or the Weasley's Burrow. I miss those! I have come to equate opening a new Harry Potter Book as falling down the rabbit hole into a very special world. It didn't happen, for me anyway, with this book.<br/><br/>SPOILER AHEAD NOW - ONLY READ IF YOU'VE READ THE BOOK<br/><br/>Okay, that aside, here's some nitty gritty I'm also surprised is missed in the reviews:<br/><br/>- For one, I've always thought Harry and Ginny were made for each other from the minute Ginny started showing so much spunk. You don't need clues made up of yearning glances, they seemed written for each other perfectly. Remember, Rowling likes Jane Austen!<br/><br/>- Why doesn't anyone talk about Snape's taking the Unbreakable Vow as part of the long-term plot? I can't believe a character as well-written as Dumbledore would be that wrong in the end, even if his belief in Snape untimately turns Snape around in book 7.  A very possible scenario is that Snape at some point told Dumbledore about the vow, which could be why Dumbledore kept asking only for Snape when he and Harry returned to Hogwarts.<br/><br/>-Anyone want to speculate as to who RAB is? Why didn't Hermione bring up Regulus Black, Sirius's brother?<br/><br/>-How is it going to work with Dumbledore's portrait in his old office? Why didn't Harry ask any questions regarding that?<br/><br/>  For me, this book doesn't stand by itself as the other books do. To read a book with so much up in the air when the next book is years away left me feeling very empty instead of excited. The other books, even though they point to the need for the next level of adventures, hold together well enough so that the issues grappled with in their pages work as one, single book. This one needs book seven, I think, to make it whole.<br/><br/>Okay, enough. My children need me!<br/><br/>-
 I really enjoyed reading the Half Blood Prince. The book is so different from the movie. There is so much more to the story and it just really grabbed my imagination.
 You will definitely want to get your hands on this incredible book! But of course read one to five first, or you would never understand one word written in it. I wouldn't advise this book to children under 10 because it has some emotional and physical, sad and frightening things in it's contents. However, it will teach you that love is more powerful than anything and I promise you'll want to finish every chapter! In fact, you'll want to read every book of J.K.Rowling's much more than once. This also teaches that death is never the end, and you shouldn't be afraid of death but the unknowings about it. I hope you found this review helpful.
 There are quite a few things I don't like about this book, and it's not because the book is poorly written (it's not). It's just because so many bad things happen to our characters.  At 6/7 into an epic story of good vs evil, you can't expect a whole lot of happy.  Still, it's a rough read.<br/><br/>The plotting is still good.
 I had to read HP &amp; Half Blood Prince b/c the movie is coming out SOON.<br/>It is a long book but easy to read. Lots going on but the action doesn't<br/>start until page 550 (of 650 pages). It was GOOD but I don't think it<br/>had an exciting &amp; action packed ending like the last few books which<br/>really had my heart thumping &amp; literally couldn't put the book down.....<br/>This book I was able to put down (for a whole day) with just 50 pages to go!<br/>I wasn't keen on the way it ended but I suppose we have one more book<br/>to go so it HAD to end like this. Definitely makes youi wonder what WILL HAPPEN?<br/>All in all - it was a HP book - easy to read, suspenseful, interesting.<br/> I'll definitely finish reading the series (book # 7) when the movie is announced!
 Harry Potter and the Half-blood Prince is by far the most complex, multi-layered, and emotional book of the six books that have been released.  After a slow start, the book continues to pick up momentum like a snow ball rolling down an icy cliff until the climax erupts into a breathtaking, unnerving, and unflinching final.  Rowling didn't sell out but stays true to form the entire ride.  I have read many complaints that the book is too rushed, too repetitive, that the kids shouldn't be swearing, etc.  Did I read the same book as some of the reviewers did?  I wonder.  This is a masterpiece in every sense of the word.  The characters become deeper and more thoughtful as we delightfully devour another Rowling apocalypse of imagination and originality.<br/><br/>The story, which I shall be brief in describing, opens at a Muggle Prime Minister's office.  Apparently, the Cornelius Fudge, the ex minister of the Ministration of Magic has been in frequent contact with the Prime Minister to inform him that their community might be in grave danger from the parallel wizard community.<br/><br/>At the present, many attacks are spreading throughout the wizard world.  Many of Lord Volemort's followers have been wreaking havoc and the world is in frenzy and uproar.  In the midst of this chaos, Harry Potter and his two best friends, Ron and Hermonie begin their sixth year at Hogwarts.  The threesome has matured considerably since our last visit to Rowling's world.  They are now ripening teenagers and are developed strong ties to the opposite sex.  Yes, they even swear occasionally as most teens do.  (One Amazon reader gave the book one star just because they did!)  Rowling doesn't need to dumb down her characters.  She surges forward to illustrate them as how they should be portrayed....as real, complicated, and confused teens.<br/><br/>The books central theme is discovering who Lord Voldemort really is.  Harry and Dumbledore will be transported through time back into random memories to discover Lord Voldemort's past in order to develop a plan to destroy him in the future.  We learn a lot about Lord Voldemort in this novel which is a brilliant setup for what will most likely be a spectacular showdown in the final novel of the series.<br/><br/>As usual, we meet more interesting characters such as Professor Slughorn and the Half-Blood Prince.  The Half-Blood Prince is a mysterious former student at Hogwarts.  Harry finds the Prince's old textbook and it helps him escape many dangers and learn many spells throughout the novel.  Just who is this Half-Blood Prince?  Rest assured the book will give the surprising answer.<br/><br/>There are other subplots that I don't want to delve into too much.  The more you explain about a great novel such as this, the less joy that is present as you read the material for yourself.<br/><br/>I recommend being careful when reading reviews on Amazon because there are many spoilers which are unfair to the reader.  If any future reviews read this article and think about reviewing the book themselves, I just plead with you not to reveal too much.  It drains the fun out of reading books and robs the reader of a more gratifying experience.  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is filled with multiple twists, turns, and surprises.  I almost didn't want to give away any of it because the entire novel, (like her previous 5) is so vibrant with freshness and fantasy.  What a glorious imagination to behold.  I myself am not a fantasy novel lover, but I believe Harry Potter is the crowning pinnacle of the genre of fantasy (next to Lord of the Rings).  The numbers don't lie. The fans don't either.  This series is a wonder of the ages.<br/><br/>This is not a repetitive book.  It has no rushed ending.  The kids do not swear too much. They are teenagers....c'mon people be realistic please.  They maybe swear twice throughout the novel.  Time to stop the ignorance and appreciate books that are daring and don't back away from what should be said and described.  Ignore the negative reviews.  This book is filled with so much insight and emotion that it deserves the title of the best Harry Potter book in the series.  Of course it is a darker and more adult book, but is that a bad thing?  Obviously the novel is a setup to the final showdown.  It leaves us hanging, just as it should.  It is written with beauty and flawless description.  The best part about it is that Rowling could have sold out in the end, but she didn't.  It takes bravery to not always baby and sugar coat your audience, but to give them a realistic portrait of human souls in an unrealistic fantasy world.  I felt more character depth in this novel than any of the others.<br/><br/>Besides all the beauty and imagination, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is relentlessly entertaining.  I'm sure most of us who have read the novel finished it in one to three days.  Yet it transcends the level mere entertainment that many novels today give us.  It gives us something more.  It gives us depth and wonder.  It expands on the characters, not just the events.  It has the usual mind boggling wonders and creative new inventions.  The ending was incredibly moving and sets up questions in the reader's mind that will remain with them for the next two long years.  The question in my mind is: Am I really going to be able to wait that long?  Unfortunately, I have no choice.<br/><br/>Grade: A
 This is my favorite book of all 7. Maybe cuz it has an underlying storyline of a young Lord Voldemort that enables to you put together all the psychological pieces of how he grows and transforms to be who he is. I have to admit the HP series cannot really match the character development GoT series is so famously abundant of, but still one can see the much richer layers of characters (i.e. Tom Riddle, Draco Malfoy, Dumbledore, Severus Snape, and even Harry Potter himself) in Book 6. I have read this one and seen the movie too many times altogether. Definitely recommend you to buy or download this one!<br/>P.S. Many objects and themes from movie 6 have been displayed most impressively in Orlando's Harry Potter World. They were mighty marvelous to behold!
 I simply must say that I admire anyone that can keep up a 7-installment story, with the books getting better and more mysterious as they go.  This book had more excitement, more twists, and (I won't put in too much of a spoiler here) but a lot of heartache for those who have grown attached to Hogwarts and the characters.<br/><br/>I find that this book gave incredible depth to the darker charaters of the novel--Draco, Snape, even Voledemort--that was hitherto missing.  Rowling lets you think about evil, and makes you separate the evil from the villan in a way that even young readers can understand.  I appreciate that she does not underestimate her audiences ability to identify and deal with the evil of the world, and look at what causes it to proliferate.<br/><br/>I think this is not only a great read and excellent continuation of an exciting series, but also a timely book for the western world in the new era of terrorism.<br/><br/>I am holding my breath for the 7th book, and encourage anyone who hasn't read this series yet to get in on the fun while the gettin' is good!
 As most Harry Potter fans were expecting, life for Harry in this book gets tougher than in past books. But, to use a cliche, Harry just gets tougher with it. I enjoyed Harry's personality in this book: he has a lot more self confidence and he's more accomplished at magic.<br/><br/>Harry sort of "comes of age" in this book, so to speak. He starts to really understand what his responsibilities are and starts to act out on that understanding.<br/><br/>I haven't read any reviews of the book but I wouldn't be surprised if people were very upset because the book has gotten so dark, with terrible things happening in the book. Like my review title says, yes, this book is tough, but I think that that's to be expected since there's a real war being fought now. And unfortunately, the reality of war is that there are severe casualties. The question of bravery in a war is whether people can continue to stand up for what's right despite the threats and horrors that it poses.<br/><br/>However, because the book has gotten darker, I would advise that parents read the book before allowing their younger children to read it, because there are some very frightening scenes. I don't consider this to be a bad thing (which is why I've left this as a 5-star review) because, like I said, I think that it's to be expected. Jo Rowling has said in the past that the books will get darker and as they do, they might not necessarily be completely appropriate for children under a certain age. This is important for parents to keep in mind.
 So much better than the movie!  You can't understand the series without reading the wonderful detail captured in the book.  Snape's betrayal seems deeper, Dumbledore's greatness greater, Harry's resolve deeper. You can't be a true Potterhead without immersing yourself in the pages.
 As usual J.K. Rowling is nothing short of pure brilliance. All the books usually start slow ending with a chaotic climatic nail biting ending leaving you with a cliff hanger.  All of the back story and references to other books are all necessary for the ending. I was basically shocked when someone important in this book dies. It is Harry's destiny to take down the dark lord, nobody else can do it. Be prepared to have your heart broken by the end of this book, but death can bring new life and new hope. This is basically the best series ever.
 I'm not in the least "ashamed" of reading a book that absolutely IS written for the children's section(unlike some others, including the author herself, I can't agree that--even if I can and do enjoy the HP books--these are NOT written with no particular age group in mind-rubbish.  They're obviously based on a very old and formulaic model, the british school series a la "Malory Towers", etc., albeit with magic thrown in-and what magic!  Best things about all of them.  They are not anything like as deep or age-spanning as the Narnian Books, or Lloyd Alexander's, or Ursula LeGuin's, or E. Nesbit's).<br/><br/>But the fact is that Rowling's talent lies in her invention, not, alas, in her character development and plotting.  It's a rather big failing that she hasn't perhaps had proper time to address in the last several years of fast writing.  As a result, the little things that were just eye-rollers in books 1-5 become more annoying in 6: Ron &amp; Hermoine's sniping, Snape's and Malfoy's outrageously horrible behaviour towards other students, the name-dropping of various characters and places and catchphrases that every kid and most adults on earth have become overfamiliar with, etc.etc.--all these have become a rather largish pain the arse.  For instance I counted no less than 3 times where Ron and/or Harry "choked" on their food(stuffed in their mouths in a way I'd buy in an 11 year old, NOT a 16 year old!)because Hermoine read aloud a seemingly "alarming" squib in the Daily Prophet to them(don't these boys ever read??); Way, WAY too much "telling/not showing" as in people saying things "angrily", "furiously" etc. etc. amongst other incredibly redundant devices...the weirdly creepy way she chose to make metaphorical Harry's crush on a girl as a "roaring beast" in his chest(!)...the fact, noticed by many others here, that Harry is a frankly lousy wizard compared to Hermoine and others; Harry's continued insistence that HE knows the TRUTH, and of course even though he's been through untold adventures with his friends, who've seen Draco try to KILL him on a couple of occasions--suddenly, for the purposes of PLOT--they don't believe him for a minute...and on and on.  I also felt, strangely but strongly, that for a female writer Rowling really writes as though she were a fusty old male misogynist.  She actually has as many negative, stupid images of "silly", stereotyped girls and horrible, evil decadent witches in her writing as C.S. Lewis, a man born in 1900 who was a famous old chauvinist...come ON!  There's just loads of things that unfortunately show up how hollow the character development and plotting is in this series.  The best parts--imho the things that set her apart and make her work memorable--is her descriptive imagination, not her writing ability.  There's less of the former on show here, resulting in a less satisfying read.
 This book was brilliant.  It had a sarcastic humor, ( I LAughed so hard!) wrapped up lots of loose ends, while leaving intriguing hints.  While Harry didn't have the emotional depth of the 5th book (nor did it seem as dark to me) it was very good.  I felt it wasn't Harry's book so much as MAlfoy's book.  MAlfoy to me had the most character growth, and wasn't just the jumped up little snot that we usually see him as.  He wasn't any nicer in this book, but for once he seemed... well... human.  Malfoy had powerfull, well-crafted emotinal depth  (For those of you who were complaining that their wasn't any!)<br/><br/>Some little sidelines in this book included a romance for both Ron and Harry ( and Ron's romance wasn't with who you would think), as well as Quidditch, lessons, and the quirky stuff that makes Hogwarts excellent.  This book reminded me a lot of both book 3 and book 2 (with a bit less emotional depth to Harry).  This book was very action-based; very go, go, go- a nice, if sudden change from the 5th book, which was the book that showed human emotions at their most profround.<br/><br/>This book was (for want of a better word) a gray book.  Before you scratch your head, when I call something a gray book, it means that we have left the area of just right and wrong, of black and white.  For instance... is murder good under any circumstances?  Is someone born evil, or is it cultivated?  If circumstances had been different for Tom Riddle, would he have grown up to be what he is now in the books?  This book raised up all these questions (and more), especially in the end.  All in all a fantastic book, which leaves you wanting more, and waiting inpatiently for the 7th book(which I believe will be the best!).  Michief Managed!
 In the sixth installment of the Harry Potter series, J.K. Rowling sends audiences into awe as well as tears by the end.  This is a much darker book then any of its predeceedors, killing off not only a major character but as well as many other characters introduced through out the series.<br/> The first chapter of the book, which J.K. Rowling said has been in the works for years, shows the muggle world reacting to the wizarding world at war.  Some things cannot go unnoticed.  Its puts of real life spin on these books rather then keeping them cloaked in the fantasy of the wizarding world.  Harry's time at the Durselys is briefly mentioned in the beginning, because what is a Harry Potter book without the Dursleys.<br/> Old characters return, even the veela Fleur.  In this books emotions run high between the students at Hogwarts.  "Snogging" in the common room becomes a favorite pastime of Ron.  Harry fights a conflict between remaining friends or pursuing a relationship further with the possible expense of a great friendship.<br/> Flashbacks are a very important concept in this book.  They are used in order to explain in great detail Voldermont's past.  These sections are very information and interesting but at times do slow down the momentum of the book.<br/> In the end, a great twist sends this series spiraling into doubt as to where Harry's future is headed.  The last few chapters of the book are the most exciting and some of the best-written pages of the series.  I would definitely recommend this book to all people who have read the previous books, this is due to J.K. Rowling eliminating a lot of the back stories that thickened the pages of the previous books.
 This is by far and large the best novel in the series. Each book keeps getting better and I cannot wait to read the conclusion to this wonderful series. I hope that JK Rowling comes up with another character and some other story ideas once this one has been put to bed, because there is such a fun way with the characters and the stories, and I think that she has a fresh hand to the pen of fantasy literature. The HP series keeps getting better, unlike the Dark Tower series, which hit it's peak at book 4 and went downhill. Some writers find it difficult to continue with their characters through a series of books with freshness and excitment, but this is not one of those set of novels. Harry Potter is more than what the "craze" says. They are wonderful to read books.
 I've had an easier time than most people waiting for this book. HP5 disappointed me so much that I hated the series. The editor seemed to have gone on a prolonged vacation, and Hogwarts had turned from fun and adventure into a melodramatic, caps-locked mess. I figured that I'd read this book, but I had no high hopes. Until I started reading it, read until it was light out at 5:30, slept for two hours, and finished it in a rush. My faith was fully restorted.<br/><br/>This book has its low points: JKR is still doing too much teenager-romance stuff that is not at all well handled and at best laughable, she can be totally obvious in her attempts at themes by lecturing her readers by Harry's thoughts of the significance of scenes and events, and while I liked the opening chapter, I thought it could have been a prolouge or have become more important within this book. But these will be my only complaints, and this book takes five stars for the amazing turn-around from the last book.<br/><br/>JKR pulled some nice tricks in this that delighted me because I didn't expect them. She used our trust in certain characters, or our beliefs about them, to spin the story in a different direction by shattering our images. Her other books have opened very quietly at Privat Drive and then built. This book opened wildly all over the place with new information and tensions, then settled into the familiar pattern of Harry's summers with the revelations of the previous chapters driving the book forward with an immense momentum that took the story all the way to the end. Characters became stronger and more defined, and drew closer in their perilous effort to defeat Voldemort, while Voldemort himself became more accessible, and, if no less evil, a bit easier to understand. Conflicting with the new accessibility of some characters, some grew more and more mysterious, acting definitly and precisely but for motives which have become totally unknown. Harry in this book finds his fight against Voldemort becoming more important and personal as Dumbledore stops blocking Harry from his fate, and joins him in his fight instead. The end of OotP felt cheap and worthless, but this one was powerful and filled with nuance. I won't rant on. This book shows such an amazing turn-around in JKR's writing style that you wonder what happened to Year 5, because Year 6 is a ride to remember, drawing closer to the end, closing some plot lines and opening enormous questions-questions of loyalties, betrayals, truths, motives, and lies-questions which will, in the end, spell out the victories and defeats, lives and deaths, of all who have become tangled in the escalating events to determine the fate of the wizarding world.<br/><br/>At last, the world does not have the slightest doubt: Voldemort has indeed returned.
 I liked this most recent installment of the series. In retrospect, I see what Rowling was trying to do with "Order of the Phoenix"--set the stage for Harry's entrance into the world of adulthood. That book planted the seed that even Hogwarts wasn't a haven from the rest of the world. Rowling continues that theme even further in this book. I will be curious to see how, or even if, Hogwarts is worked into the final book in the series. I suspect the school will play little to no part.<br/><br/>Rowling also continues the evolution of her characters as people growing towards adulthood. She touched upon this in parts of "Goblet of Fire" and "Order of the Phoenix," and has taken it to the next level with "Prince". Harry even finds his true love and it's not who you'd think, based on the previous books. In fact, I believe the origins of the relationship go all the way back to "Chamber of Secrets". I won't spoil it and say who it is, but the way the relationship unfolds was one of my favorite parts of the book.<br/><br/>The character of Harry is going to undergo a real test in the last book. He will no longer be able to rely on the advanced magic skills of others, but will need to rely on his own skills alone. It will be interesting to see how he fares and if he has learned enough.
 I began to read this book immediately after I finished the 5th one and immediately I could see that the magic in the predessor was not the same in this one. It was less enjoyable obviously. It had major fluff during the beginning and just ranted on about seemingly unimportant things<br/><br/>the worst things:<br/>dumbledore, ron, and hermione's refusal to believe harry's suspicions about malfoy.. when had he ever gone wrong in the past?<br/><br/>the pensieve memories! got a bit dull at times but could also be amusing and related to voldemort's character<br/><br/>tonks! she was kind of annoying with her depression about apparently sirius.. expected more from her.<br/><br/>hermione and rons jealousies.. seemed petty, annoying and unrealistic. jk rowling could've done better on these parts.<br/><br/>the best things:<br/>the felix felicis momentum- i loved the slughorn and hagrid getting tipsy sequence.. very witty.<br/><br/>the whole slughorn connection with voldemort.. loved that for some reason. everybody finally realizing snape as a traitor! seriously, people.. when were they going to learn!<br/><br/>overall, i still liked the book. it was less enjoyable than the others but necessary because of all the information it contained about voldemort's past.
 I think I need to read this book again before I can really do it justice by writing a review or even thinking about it. There are many complicated plots that are entwined to form the newest page turner in the Harry Potter series. And come on, even if you give these books a low rating, how could you not enjoy reading them? Sure, Rowling's writing style may not be prose-like or deeply moving, but she goes for a character driven book, and that is what makes this series so interesting. She is fantastic at capturing (and evoking) emotions and portraying suspense, which the sixth book has a lot of. Usually when I finish a Harry Potter book I get a happy feeling-I know that sounds cliche, but its true-that won't leave me alone until I read all of the other books. I've only read the series 2 times, but I believe I am going to read them a third time to catch everything in all of the books before reading the sixth one again. In this book, there are a lot of references, some of them I am sure, so slight that I did not catch them, to past books, so this is definitely one you'll have to read again. As I finished this book, contrary to the happy emotion I felt when I finished the other books, I felt many emotions that became muddled to the point at which I couldn't easily understand what they are. Part of me didn't get over (and still hasn't gotten over) the very dramatic ending that doesn't really tie up many loose ends, part of me is sad for the character that is lost in this book, part of me feels an urgent pull to read the other books, and I'm sure there is still the sense of elation at finishing the book.<br/><br/>I predicted many things while reading the book that turned out to be right. The one thing I got wrong was the identity of the Half Blood Prince. I loved getting that suprise. This review does not do the book justice. I don't want to give much away (even the inside jacket description is vague) and I must read it again before being able to sort through everything that happened in the book and writing a better review. In the meantime, you have better things to do besides read this, go out and buy The Half-Blood Prince!
 Meh. I'm happy this book had less frustration than the last one and that Harry frickin' stood up for himself, and that all the romantic couple wannabes got their heads out of their butts and did something about it. There weren't as many cutesy things in it as in previous books (though they were still annoyingly there), and I'm impressed that she got the word "slut" through our censors. It was a good book but I wasn't captivated to the extent I supposed I "should" have been over a book getting the kind of reception this one has.
 J.K. Rowling continues to turn out one amazing book after another. "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is as engaging, imaginative, and well-written as the previous five books. What is stunning, however, is the effortless manner in which Rowling has subtly altered her writing as the series has progressed. As Harry has grown up, so have the books. Book 6 deals seriously with issues of love, death, trust, and hope. The tone and scope of the series (and the writing) has shifted -- Book 6 is not for children.<br/><br/>From a mechanical standpoint, Book 6 features a much better opening. Rowling has found an ingenious way to hook the reader and bring him or her up to speed, without resorting to the formulaic summer at the Dursley household. Once the characters are settled in at Hogwarts, however, the storyline languishes for many chapters. Writing an interesting middle seems to be one of Rowling's failings. Two characters in particular cease to become sources of conflict and are in fact hardly seen at all. Fortunately, the final third of the book makes up for any deficiencies and packs a considerable emotional wallop.<br/><br/>There are a few typographical errors -- somewhat disturbing in a book of this visibility (not to mention price).
 I understand this would have been more appropriate towards the beginning of the summer, but readers, that is when I started this audio version!  I had hoped to start and finish it before the movie version came out but circumstances beyond my control kept me from it (dad stole some of the cd's and then I kept driving with people who refused to listen to its goodness). Sure, call me a nerd, but I love Harry Potter.<br/><br/>After defeating some Death-Eaters and proving Lord Voldemort's return at the Ministry of Magic in The Order of the Pheonix, Harry, Ron and Hermione return to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.  The all-around mood in the wizarding world is caution and terror as Death-Eater attacks are increasing and the Daily Prophet shows more and more disappearances on the front page.  On top of everything else, after passing their Ordinary Wizarding Level tests, the terrific three must also take increasingly hard classes on their way to becoming aurors.  Harry has an advantage however when he comes across an old potions textbook with glorious amounts of helpful hints in the margins.  The previous owner, the Half-Blood Prince, also included some new spells as well.  Hermione of course doesn't trust the book, but Harry lives by it, especially when the helpful hints gain him points in Potions class and helps save Ron's life.  Things turn dark when Harry finds a spell found in the margins labeled "for enemies" and uses it on Malfoy in a duel.  The book holds some questions as to who the true Half-Blood Prince is, but the major thread of questioning and discovery in this novel comes in the form of Harry's private lessons with Dumbledore this year.  Dumbledore has decided to inform Harry what he can of Lord Voldemort's past through a collection of gathered memories from random family members, witnesses and house elves.  Harry must try to piece together what he can about Voldemort's past and some objects called Horcruxes to attempt at gaining an advantage in a destined battle to the death with He-who-must-not-be-named.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is a very important installment in the series.  There is a lot of important background information on Lord Voldemort but also around events that led up to the death of Harry's parents.  This is very crucial and interesting information, but because of this, readers will find less action than previous books until the later chapters.  Towards the end there are some amazingly important and breath-taking fights, duels, action sequences, etc, but even with all of the answer giving throughout the entire book, the end still leaves you questioning the future for Harry Potter, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger.  Thankfully, the majority of this book's final actions can be explained in the next audio book I plan on listening to (after I get it back from my dad) which has a good combination of information and action found in previous books. I like where the characters are in this book, even though some readers think there is too much teenage drama.  May I remind readers that they are finally 16 and allowed to have crushes and drama? And what does any of it matter when you have the wonderful voices of Jim Dale filling your ears and taking you away to Hogwarts. I can't wait for him to take me away in the final novel.<br/><br/>Harry Potter. Enough recommendation said. If you haven't read it already, get on that loser!<br/><br/>"A good book is the best of friends, the same today and forever."<br/> - Martin Tupper
 The Half Blood Prince is a wonderful extension of the Harry Potter story line. JK Rowling does an excellent job: (1) moving the plot line along, while (2) leaving us on the end of our seats wondering how these wonderfully done books will conclude. In this volume, Harry is a much more likable character than in Book 5 when he was essentially a brooding/moody teen the entire book.  Fans of the series will, I think, love it. If you are new to the series start at the beginning - not here. There's simply too much to pick up at this point in the story.  The HBP leaves two questions open, and in my mind: (1) the actual HBP is not evil - there's a plot twist still to come; (2) the character who dies (not saying who!) is not gone.  Really well done. I'd love to see inside Rowling's imagination.
 J. K. Rowling has written a masterpiece in Harry Potter &amp; the Half-Blood Prince.  The plot is tight, the characters rounded and believable and the author is a master storyteller.  As with previous books in the series,along with the story, Ms. Rowling uses the narrative to make important statements about the nature of love, predestination, bravery and sacrifice.  This is a book for the ages that can help guide children toward a responsible maturity.<br/><br/>Parents should be aware upsetting events occur in the volume and children reading the book may need comforting or a chance to talk about the story and the characters they've come to know. If they haven't earlier, I would suggest parents unfamiliar with the series go through all the books from the beginning in order to discuss the narrative intelligently in case this occurs.  Nevertheless, this should not deter a maturing or matured reader from entering Harry Potter's world.  They will be richer for it.
 My favorite books in the Harry Potter remain 3 and 5, as they both had great stories and answered a lot of questions. The sixth installment is good, really good, but I did find myself wanting to throw this book across the room in frustration when I was done with it.<br/><br/>Here's what I like about it: It was fast paced and easy to read. I enjoyed Dumbledore's expanded part; I felt I got to know him better. I liked that the characters all grew up a little. Rowling shows them like real kids with real weaknesses. I was fascinated by the idea of Horcruxes and by the Half-Blood Prince's potion book. I'm also glad we got to learn more about Voldemort as a person, and not just as a mysterious boogeyman. And I must say I was delighted to see Draco Malfoy break down and cry under pressure.<br/><br/>This is what I didn't like: The kids treatment of Hagrid was horrible. Even Harry uses him at one point even though Hagrid has been a loyal friend to the kids all along. I'm also getting a little annoyed with Harry. He isn't showing a lot of strength of character these days. He's proved himself to be rash and judgemental. I was also disappointed that so many questions are left unanswered at the end of this. In my opinion, book 7 is going to have to be pretty long in order to fit all the answers in. The dynamic between Snape and Dumbledore is still driving me crazy; I've found myself reading and re-reading passages in search of the tiniest clue to what this all means. It comes down to this: if I thought like Harry did, in terms of black and white, in an overly emotional and impulsive way, book 7 would be really predictable.<br/><br/>The number one question seems to be, is the Half-Blood Prince evil? Does he deserve the trust he received from a certain someone who ended up dead? I guess we'll have to wait and see, though I think the answers are pretty obvious once you stop thinking like Harry.<br/><br/>I enjoyed this book, but it reminded me a bit of Song of Susannah (Book 6) from Stephen King's Dark Tower series. It was simply a precursor to the final battle. And you will not find many answers in it, so don't look for them. And expect to be frustrated. But if you're like me, that will only make you all the more eager to get your hands on the last book when it finally comes out to find out the truth, and to possibly prove Harry Potter's tragic impulsive behavior and judgement wrong.
 Overall, this book is very good effort by JK Rowling, but I have to agree with some of the other reviewers that it isn't her best effort in the series.<br/><br/>As with the other books, Rowling has created an outstanding climax, full of action, revealing the key plot twists, and offering the cliffhangers for the final book.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, it seems to take a long time to get there. Some of the earlier chapters seem to drag. And I find myself occasionally annoyed when Rowling throws in a trivial bit of an event that happened in a prior book, but the mention of which seems to have little relevance to this book's plot. Like other Harry Potter fans, I find the world that she has created, with its carefully crafted details and clever designs, is fascinating, but I don't see the the need to keep repeating it in this book.<br/><br/>I think that tightening up the middle of the book would have gone a long way with improving its pace and making the climb to the climax less of a chore.
 Certain timely themes in this book make me wonder if today's headlines of terrorism could be influencing it.<br/><br/>Think about it.  The most prevelant themes are ultra-tight security, a supervillian recruiting followers, and assassination attempts.  The use of horcruxes reminds me of Al Qaida's strategy of using cells that don't know what each other are doing so that if one is busted, the whole organization is not brought down.  I think Rowling had the outline for all the books written down somewhere before she published Book One back in 1997.  This was before September 11, 2001.  But maybe recent events shaped the final product.  Either that or she had incredible insight on what the world would go through in the next few years.  At any rate, what happens at Hogwarts late in the book in spite of so many layers of security reminds me of the embarrassed how-could-we-let-this-happen feeling my country went through on 9/11 and perhaps what Rowling's country felt after the subway bombings just nine days before this book was released.<br/><br/>There is even a scene at the beginning of the book in which Fudge meets with the "muggle" Prime Minister.  It is hard to picture Tony Blair talking to this strange creature.<br/><br/>It is common knowledge that a major character dies in "Half-Blood Prince."  The means by which the character dies are shocking even though the perpretrator is one of the least liked characters in the series.  The death is also a very powerful part of the story in that it probably leaves Harry feeling that from now on, he is pretty much on his own.<br/><br/>By the end of the book, it doesn't look good for the good guys.  There are many loose ends that I hope will be resolved before the end of the series.  Could the magic of Harry Potter be fading?  Let's hope it lasts for one more book.
 Since we do not have the final piece of the puzzle, I will leave the rating at three stars - I will say that this book does not have its own identity the way the others do.  Each of the previous books had a unique part in the whole - this one seems to start out as a Epilogue from Book 5, and then continue into a Prelude for Book 7.  But that's not to say there isn't still some good in between.<br/><br/>The Good - well, as I said, the beginning seems to slough along, unable to let go of the last book - indeed, the first chapters take place within three weeks of the confrontation that ended Book 5.  However, after about 150 pages of recap, HP finally reaches Hogwarts - and there, a very quick but riveting encounter with Malfoy gets things back on track.  For all its length, it doesn't seem that all that much really happens in Half-Blood Prince, but Rowling has definitely not lost her flare for telling a story.  I still had no problem turning from page-to-page wanting to see what would occur next.  There doesn't seem to be as much involvement with peripheral characters in this one - Malfoy and Snape both make memorable appearances at the beginning and end of the book, but are largely absent throughout the bulk of it, Hagrid is almost a no-show, and even Hermione has little to do but sulk at Ron's newfound babe-magnetism.  Another new character fills several scenes as a new teacher (Professor Slughorn) - but alas, as interesting as he is to begin with, Rowling seems to lose interest with him by the time the final third of the book rolls around.That just leaves Harry and Dumbledore as the main focus - and it is in their plentiful scenes together that Rowling really raises the novel to its full heights.  The various flashbacks to Voldermorts childhood and school days make the book well worth the read alone. Likewise, Harry and Dumbledore's doomed final expedition which serves as the climax to the book is very well paced and the final confrontation with the new villains is one of the most tense scenes Rowling has yet given us.  High marks for all that!<br/><br/>The Bad - unfortunately, this confrontation is also the books major weakness, in that it is fairly predictable in a way I had really wished it would not be.  Let's just say that one character comes to a very predictable decision which I had hoped Rowling would be more original and steer clear of (though Book 7 may change everything about that scene, we'll have to wait and see)!  But, what Book 7 cannot change is a very clunky closing chapter (in which, among other things, several characters have a lover's spat moments after learning of a tragic death - very insensetive of them - and Harry makes an absurd relationship decision that seems largely stolen from the ending of the first Spiderman movie!). On top of this, the book has no true ending - no, "see you next year!" wrap up that we're used to . . . instead, the ending leaves you feeling like the story could really end in about three more chapters, had Rowling and her publishers wanted it to. You'll have to read for yourself, but I just can't see how Book 7, with the set-up of Book 6, can possibly live up to the previous entries.  But - perhaps there is a nice surprise in store for us!<br/><br/>In short, I would call Half-Blood Prince the first misstep in an otherwise great series.  There is still alot worth reading, but the overall book feels empty of any real meaning, character development (save for Voldemort/Tom Riddle), and a true sense of independent identity.  For the first time, it feels like this book needs the next book to make sense!  The wunderkind magic is not gone, it's just faded a little.
 In a word, I LOVED this book, and have trouble ranking the six works as so many seem compelled to do. J.K. Rowling succeeds again in crafting a mesmerizing tale.  I was not at all put off by the changes in pace caused for instance by the sessions with Dumbledore.  I thought the reminiscences were very exciting; think of the scene with Harry and Professor Dumbledore in the boat...wow!<br/><br/>While the 'cliffhanger' nature of this sixth in the series is evident, all the previous stories had that effect to some extent.  This is a SERIES after all.<br/><br/>J.K. has created a believable and appropriate evolution for her beloved characters.  Younger readers are always surprised when I state that Snape is my favorite character.  I don't believe in including spoilers in these reviews so I won't say more than J.K. has most interesting plans for both Snape and Harry in Book 7.<br/><br/>If you haven't read Harry #6, dive in!
 I am a huge Harry Potter fan. I'm 22 and I get some flak from friends for this fact, but considering the bookstore's midnight sale which I attended saw another 600 people with me, I'm not alone. I waited two years for this new installment in Harry's saga, and this is an immediate, gut-reaction review of the book I finished about three hours ago. Minor spoiler alert ahead:<br/><br/>The wizarding and Muggle worlds are more closely intertwined than ever, seeing as how Voldemort is back in power and creating chaos with his Death Eaters that the Muggle community can't quite ignore. After this introductory chapter, with a new character, we don't revisit the Muggle sitation. Chapter Two sees a new form of magic, and a sinister foreboding.<br/><br/>Harry's proper story starts in Chapter 3: the first two chapters are merely introductions to what will be further expounded as the story progresses. It was a rather abrupt beginning to the novel, but once you finish it, it will all come together.<br/><br/>Some weaknesses throughout the novel were the staggered lessons Harry receives with Dumbledore: although they are essential to understanding Voldemort as a life-form that progressed towards deeper evil, they are often staggered too far apart after stretches of - dare I say - mundane exposition. Familiarity breeds contempt, apparently, and the familiar world of Hogwarts is clearly getting overused during these sections. Quidditch, having been such an integral part of earlier books, is mostly relegated into the background here (even though Harry was made Gryffindor Captain), and served as a minor distraction from the main plot. The romantic subplots are all necessary; after all, how can we expect 16 year olds to focus solely on wands and snitches? I feel these were well-written, and added a certain sense of doom after the climax, when Harry realizes he cannot put his girlfriend in harm's way, he must fulfill his mission alone: how perfectly Spider-Manian.<br/><br/>It is the final third of the novel that really elevates this novel, and will be the focal point of argument for its greatness. The whole novel was growing increasingly darker, but Harry's journey takes on a terrifyingly dark turn - watching it as a movie in your mind, you can't help but feel your skin crawl as Inferi close in. The death of someone close to Harry is treated with the subtlety of a Shakespearian tragedy, of trust betrayed. It is an indelible scene, and one which shatters Harry's world as we know it.<br/><br/>The familiarity of Hogwarts is threatened at the end. Whatever lies ahead, we can be sure that Harry will face with or without his friends, and in possibly different surroundings. Finishing the book, it is hard not to feel a sense that the wizarding world that Harry - indeed, the reader - is so familiar with will change irrevocably. If judged by this book's end, the seventh book promises to be vastly different, and infinitely darker.<br/><br/>In all, the Half-Blood Prince is a solid entry into the Harry Potter canon. Dissected into its components, many people will feel the book is somewhat mediocre until it reaches its Miltonian conclusion, and they're likely right. It doesn't reach the dizzying heights of the all-round greatest Potter novel - the Prisoner of Azkaban - but the conclusion is easily the most harrowing that JK Rowling has written. Yet. Whatever lies in store for Harry, we will keep reading. Here's hoping the conclusion arrives soon.
 I spent about 5 hours last night and 4 hours today reading Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. It is a good book and there is no doubt about it. I like the way J.K Rowling developed her character from an 11 year old to a 16 year old teenager. Harry Potter has become braver and more grown up. He lost his temper tantrum that he developed in year 5. He is more independent and as a 16 y/o teenager, he starts to develop the admiration in the opposite sex. Ron and Hermione as always are his trustworthy and loyal friends. They both grow up nicely and do things that normal 16 year old teenagers would do: fall in love for the wrong person at the wrong reason.<br/><br/>There is a new character in this book and instead of the tradiontial plot that a new teacher would fill the Dark Art position, this professor teaches Potion. So Snape got promoted to another position. Draco Malfoy became more involved in the dark side and the relationship between Harry and Malfoy was a rocky one. Meanwhile the Weasley twins were doing fine in their joke shop business at Zonko's.<br/><br/>Although the half blood Prince did not directly involve in the story, his background is kind of a surprise and a big twist in the story. From this book one thing I can learn for sure is you'll never know how a kid will become when he or she grows up. Take Lord Voldermort as an example. He has a wicked trait since he was a kid and grew up to be You-Know-Who. On the other hand, the half blood Prince was kind of a good person who at the end turned bad. The result all came from their mind tortures of trying to be pure blood wizards. All the spells that the half-blood Prince used backfired on him as Harry Potter got the book and learned about them. Some spells are very dark and almost lethal.<br/><br/>This book also marked the returns of many characters from book 4 and 5: professor Lupin, Tonks, Fleur Delacour, Bellatrix Lestrange, and Narcissa Malfoy. Also there is a new Minister of Magic who in a sense is worse than the old one.<br/><br/>The ending was very sad because the one very important character died. I suspected it would happen before I read the book and boy oh boy I was right. After his dead I think Harry Potter will be more matured and eventually destroy Voldermort in book 7. He knew Voldermort childhood and secrets but it will be an adventurous journey for Harry Potter to fulfill his destiny.<br/><br/>Book 6 is unbelievably good, the best of all of the Harry Potter series so far in my opinion. J.K Rowling did not use profanities in this book, a big difference from book 5. I'm looking forward to reading book 7 and I guess it will be about 1000 pages total because it will content a lot of events.
 I'm surprised how quick I finished reading this book. I finished with-in 4 1/2 days. Once I started I just couldn't put the book down. No tv, no internet, just non-stop reading. I guess it has been like that for me with every Harry Potter book I've read. Once you start, you don't want to stop until you are done. The books get darker and more mature as Harry gets older and his 6th year at Hogwarts is the darkest so far.<br/><br/>  Harry has a new potions teacher named professor Slughorn. When Dumbledore first introduces them, Harry thinks he will teach Defense Against the Dark Arts. To Harry's horror though, Snape is the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. Anyway Harry didn't expect to take potions again so since he decided after he already got his books at Diagon Alley. Slugorn gives him a second hand Potions book. Harry finds that everything is crossed out and rewritten in the book by the former student. The student goes by the nickname of the Half Blood Prince. Harry finds that everyone else in the class that goes by the books, get the potions wrong. Going by the Half Blood Prince's potions makes Harry's potions come out the best. Which makes him Slughorn's favorite student, well next to Hermione of course. Well which makes Hermione annoyed and has her calling Harry a cheater.<br/><br/>  Among everything  Harry is more obsessed with Malfroy than ever. He knows he's up to something but neither Ron, Hermione or Dumbledore will listen. He also expects Snape is up to no good and that he's helping Malfroy. But no one will listen to that either and think Snape is loyal to Dumbledore. Speaking of Dumbeldore. He starts giving Harry secret lessons which will help Harry know how to defeat Lord Voldermort. Also love is in the air and Harry starts to get feelings for someone. It may surprise you who. So I won't spoil that and say who. Also Ron starts dating and Hermione is jealous. Plus the Weasleys are gonna have a new member of the family soon. Fleau from Goblet of Fire is marrying Bill Weasly and Ginny and her mother can't stand her. Among all that, many other things happen that I won't get into.<br/><br/>  This book is full of different engaging plots and the end is when it really comes to life. The end is even more shocking than Sirius' death in Order of the Phoenix. As always it ends wishing that the next book was out already. Hopefully J.K. Rowling will have the book released before Danial Radcliffe is in his 20's and too old to play Harry. Myself and other Potter fans won't be able to wait that long though. So hopefully book seven will be released when Order of the Phoenix or Half Blood Prince are in theatres.
 "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" does more than live up to the hype surrounding its debut: it is a worthy, well-written successor to the books that preceded it. We have all watched the characters grow and become more interesting and multi-dimensional over the course of the series, and "Prince" furthers the progression of Harry, Ron, Hermione and their friends (and enemies) as they come of age in an often-frightening world.<br/><br/>At the same time, "Prince" sets the stage perfectly for the final, inevitable battle to come between Harry and Voldemort. We learn key facts about Voldemort's past, from his tragic beginnings (yes, Rowling has made it possible to be at least slightly sympathetic for the Dark Lord-a remarkable achievement!) to one key act of dark magic that turned him into the mighty wizard but destroyed soul that he is at present. In another surprisingly insightful passage, Rowling reminds us that Voldemort, like totalitarians everywhere, create their own enemies and actually make them stronger and more determined. This is precisely the effect that Voldemort and his followers have had upon Harry, and the dramatic death at the end of the book seals their mutual fate.<br/><br/>To me, the most intriguing character development in "Prince" was that of Snape. Whose side is he really on? Where do his loyalties truly lie? What motivates his own dramatic actions? Without giving too much away, this is really the most pivotal aspect of "Prince," and its resolution will undoubtedly be a key aspect of Book Seven.<br/><br/>Over the next two years or so, we will all wait eagerly for the author to work her magic once more, discuss and dissect "Prince" to the nth degree, and line up for Book Seven when the time comes. Thank you, J.K. Rowling, for giving readers such a literary treasure, and especially for getting kids (and grownups as well!) so excited about reading.
 These musings may let slip some important details, so read at your own risk.<br/><br/>I will say this to sum up my opinions of Book 6: Rowling's hold on plot and details pertaining to characters and relationships here, written with the sombre tone of dread that teetered on the brink of dreariness in Book 5, would have made for an ideal volume at this point in the `Harry Potter' series.<br/><br/>Arguably Rowling failed to show any sign of considerable improvement in `The Order of the Phoenix' following the cumbersome mess that was `The Goblet of Fire'. Other than a much more satisfying and tighter climax in the fifth book compared to that in the fourth, Rowling stubbornly persisted with her bad habit for descriptive tedium begun in Book 4. Book 5 was a lot more eventful, no doubt, but Rowling demonstrated her weakness there in depicting convincing and compelling relationships, settling instead for a lot of unhelpful ranting from the likes of Snape and Lupin, and Harry and his friends. Rowling also seemed to have lost the easy deft hand that had served her so well in providing insights into her characters in the first three books, for what we got in Book 5 was a painful lot of extraneous self-questioning on Harry's part - questions regarding his infatuation, his nightmares and his fears that, really, didn't need to be asked explicitly for readers to realise that these concerns tormented Harry. Indeed, if Rowling had been much subtler in her writing, she wouldn't have needed to ask these questions directly, and could have instead gone for effective suggestion - which she does brilliantly in `The Prisoner of Azkaban', particularly where Harry confronts Dementors - or an engrossing detailing of events that would have inherently suggested her protagonist's sentiments with regards to those events - something which worked in her first two volumes.<br/><br/>Thankfully, we are relieved of superfluous descriptions in `The Half-blood Prince', where Rowling's sturdy hand in pacing her plot takes the spotlight quite gratifyingly once more. One of the most noticeable reasons for this is her choice to return her focus to the core group of characters that we have grown familiar with and come to love. This is a marked departure from her clumsy juggling of multiple new characters in Books 4 and 5, where we really didn't care for Barty Crouch, Karkaroff, Kingsley Shacklebolt or Tonks (who makes another redundant showing in Book 6). She set herself up to handle so many of those newly introduced characters in those volumes that readers simply had no sympathy left for them. By coming back to the people who ultimately matter, however, the feeling of intimacy between the reader and her characters, marvellously achieved in Books 1 to 3, returns, albeit to less of an extent.<br/><br/>Horace Slughorn is a delightful addition to the line of new teachers that Hogwarts has seen these six years. It shows how Rowling is capable of subtler characterisation - again another significant difference considering how her previous new Defence Against the Dark Arts teachers were two-dimensional caricatures that were childishly extreme in their shortcomings. With Slughorn, we find that while he isn't a bad man, he is immensely practical and rather self-serving, so much that to put the word `good' to him would be to flatter him. While lacking the gratuitous self-absorption of Gilderoy Lockhart and the sickly sweetness of Delores Umbridge, Slughorn, aside from being a rather blatant plot device in explaining Voldermort's past, nonetheless stands out as one of the more memorable additions to the teaching staff at Hogwarts for being understated, more believable as a character, and simply refreshingly different.<br/><br/>Unlike Books 5 and 6, Rowling conveys a convincing sense here that she knows where she's going with her story. Subplots in previous books tended to be annoyingly and needlessly distracting, but here the structure of the plot is clear and organised (it's possible to actually remember most of the events upon a first reading by tying them to distinct chapters that each clearly serve as different pieces of a puzzle which, eventually, fit quite nicely together). The climax here is rather long-drawn because there are two major occurrences towards the end, but Rowling manages to maintain the tension and keep up the page-turning energy as she drives towards her cataclysmic resolution.<br/><br/>That said, Book 6 is still bogged down by a lot of turkey fat that distracts, and detracts, from her storytelling. Occasional episodes not directly related to the plot in this book, such as the Weasely twins' new joke shop and the frustrating sessions of Quidditch practice, actually prove much more enjoyable to read than the peripheral happenings detailed in Books 4 and 5, where we couldn't be bothered about silly things like the Yule Ball. However, it is extremely laughable how uninformed Ms. Rowling is when it comes to describing teenagers and their relationships. She mercilessly bombards her readers with cliché after hackneyed cliché about how girls manipulate boys and how boys respond to girls in this book. A bad influence on the young ones aside, her depiction of teens totally condescends to her reading audience by emphasising, rather embarrassingly, her unflattering idea of how they deal with each other. One could almost bring himself to forgive that horrible kissing scene in Book 5, but when Ginny Weasely comes across as a slut, as she does in this book, you know something's been gravely overdone.<br/><br/>There is also an issue with the title. Ultimately, one comes to find that the identity of the half-blood prince, and indeed the very figure preconceived in Harry's mind before his identity comes to light, don't really play a significant role in this book's plot, which deals mostly with Dumbledore's pursuits in understanding Voldermort and beating Draco Malfoy at his schemes. While the Prince's Potions textbook leads to some rather dramatic turns of events, the Prince's presence in the story, manifested for a large part in the textbook, never plays directly into the novel's resolution, aside, of course, from the obligatory revelation that it asks of itself. There is an interesting examination of Voldermort's efforts in attaining immortality here, and therefore a more appropriate title might have been `Harry Potter and the Seven Horcruxes'.<br/><br/>The tone of the book is also of concern here, simple because when you have a book like `The Order of the Phoenix' that is unrelentingly bleak, you need to have a follow-up that remains consistent in terms of tone so that the events in the sequel have weight. The developments in `The Half-blood Prince' are arguably more important than those in Books 4 and 5, but somehow they just don't feel that way. Book 6 hardly feels gloomy, except perhaps towards the end, and, while that facilitates a much easier read, one gets a sense of things going a little too breezily at this stage in the series when Harry's experiences are supposed to start gaining gravity, if they haven't already.<br/><br/>Finally, Book 6 still lacks that quintessential magic that made the first three books so lovable. For all its plot manoeuvrings and confident pacing, `The Half-blood Prince', like the two books before it, fails to evoke the sense of wonder that greeted readers in Harry's first pages. One is inclined to attribute this to Rowling's recent preoccupation with her insurmountably numerous plot revelations. Books 1 and 2 told their stories simply and very well - they both had linear narratives, driving towards a climax that unveiled a bit of the unknown, with minimal subplots along the way. Indeed, they hardly came across as repetitive. Book 3 is perhaps her best example of handling plot intricacies well without rendering the progress of her plot viscous, so to say, which sadly happens in Books 4 and 5. Book 6 is actually very expository, and one gets a sense of Rowling merely seeking a vehicle by which to vainly flesh out the details of her massive conception. One tends to get tired of details after a while, because, after all, while we do wish to know how everything will wrap itself up, we don't read these books merely to see how things turn out. It is important that Rowling doesn't allow her characters to be overshadowed by the turns in her plot (and, not to mention, her increasingly detectable plot devices - the result of a formula wearing thin - that make her stories more works of mechanics than craft. I mean, obviously the Weasely twins having a joke shop would come in handy and convenient at some point).<br/><br/>`The Half-blood Prince' is very readable and immensely entertaining. It serves Rowling's purpose in repositioning characters and gearing people up for the final stage of events. Suffice it to say that it's kept this reviewer hooked still. Here's to hoping, then, that it will all be worth it.
 I love love looooove this book. We FINALLY get so much back story on Voldemort and it really fills in the gaps. I also love seeing the relationship between Harry and Dumbledore grow. In this book you can really see Harry becoming a man.
 My subjective evaluation of the Latest Literary Phenomenon follows. Bear in mind that I am not a 'fan" persay, just someone who likes to keep tabs on modern cultural happenings. I seem to have outgrown my "Harry Potter" phase and moved on to books that make me think harder instead of merely entertaining me.<br/><br/>The Good:<br/><br/>If we are to judge from the last chapter, it looks like the final book has potential to be the best of the series, an epic which deviates from the sadly formulaic "boy goes to school and acts his age while solving mysteries" plot lines. I am very pleased both to see more of Dumbledore and to see Harry finally get to a level at the end where he is more of a man than a boy and more of a true hero than a lucky kid with a scar. Mainly because of Dumbledore's extended presence, Rowling gets more of a chance to discuss her philosophical opinions, which I enjoy; a little bit of philosophy never hurt a book. I'm also fairly happy to know that I predicted the death in this book with complete accuracy and that its consequences seem to have a liberating and maturing effect on Harry. Sorry, but I don't waste time and energy mourning for literary characters... I'm just One Of Those Evil People.<br/><br/>The Bad:<br/><br/>Rowling doesn't seem to find much of a use for many of the characters she spent a while developing in earlier books. Luna Lovegood is a prime example. Her talk with Harry at the end of book five seemed to foreshadow a deeper friendship between the two, but in this book, she's withered away to practically nothing, a one-dimensional side character who doesn't add anything of importance to the story. Harry's use of the Half-Blood Prince's potions textbook seems quite morally dubious and Dumbledore's reasons for trusting Severus Snape but not Tom Riddle seem... well... hollow.<br/><br/>The Ugly:<br/><br/>Harry and crew are teenagers. Normal teenagers at that, which means lots of "snogging" and casual relationships. Here, Rowling is stuck in a tight place; she tries to bring some realism into the book but can't do it fully, seeing as a substantial part of her audience is comprised of children under 13. There have been hints of a deeper sexual awareness (remember Harry "dreaming sweetly" of Cho Chang and being "very glad no one could see him" back in Goblet of Fire?), but it seems like she can't bring any of this to the forefront. All this "snogging" business causes me to feel very little sympathy for the main characters. In addition, the "unpopular" kids at Hogwarts aren't dealt with as well as they were in the previous installment. As I mentioned before, Luna Lovegood's fate strikes me as particularly horrific. She had so much potential and was such an intriguing character, yet Rowling seems to be content not letting her develop beyond providing the occasional comic-relief. Oh, and the metaphors for hormone-inspired feelings (the "best in Harry's stomach" for example) are just plain attrocious.<br/><br/>The Bottom Line:<br/><br/>If you want to read a great, epic novel, try Moby Dick. If you crave an intelligent coming-of-age tale, consider A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man. As for children's literature, the Chronicles of Narnia remain the undisputed champion (and also a much finer illustration of C.S. Lewis' idea of Christianity than his actual philosohpy books). As much as I disagree with the Christian Right's "worldview," to use one of their favorite words, I'm beginning to think that there's some bit of truth in the theory some pastors have put forward that Rowling (and, of course, her diabolic master) has cast some sort of spell on these books which makes them incredibly addictive. There is no rational explaination for why I felt so compelled to read this book or why I didn't throw it down in disgust in the middle. Still, I think I can let it slide with three stars: one for effort, two for the images of Tom Riddle's youth, and three for an ending which leaves the possibility of this series transcending its self-imposeed limitations wide open.
 So I ripped off the reading of this book, finished it, drove it to the library to donate it (they were psyched), came home and there was my wife asking "Where's the Harry Potter book?"  Ooops.....<br/><br/>This was a great read and, in my opinion, a real improvement over the Order of the Phoenix.  The writing was tighter and funny....it reminded me of the first couple of books.  Even at 652 pages it didn't feel bloated.  Many people have said this book was darker than the previous ones.  I actually found the tone to be lighter until the ending which does indeed grow dark.  Some have complained that the book lacked plot and focused too much on the day to day lives of the characters.  Since I like Harry, Ron, and Hermione I was happy to "just hang out" with them.  I also thought that the slight glimmer of humanity in the Draco character added some nice complexity to a character that was way too one-dimensional.  I also loved how the book answered many of the questions I had from previous books.  I guess like the 'grasshopper/student' from the kung fu movies, I just had to be patient.<br/><br/>The book isn't perfect.  Some of the 'buts' include:<br/><br/>- Do you all remember from the Incredibles movie how the super heroes joked about criminals "monologing"?  There was a bit too much of that with Dumbledore tying up plot points from previous books through long monologs.  It made my eyes cross after a while.<br/><br/>- Harry gets introduced to a seventh year from his house.  Kind of strange he'd be in the same house with a guy for 5 years and wouldn't know him.<br/><br/>- The snogging thing got old after a while but I will say that for all of us who made it through the high school years it rang true.<br/><br/>- The one thing I've never understood about Hogwarts is how the characters always talk about how well guarded the place is but how bad things continually happen there.  Are the enchantments not all they're cracked up to be or is Dumbledore sleeping on job?  (I know....bad joke).<br/><br/>- The pacing and the timing of the story was funky.  We go from March to May in nothing flat.  This made the story feel rushed.  Since certain characters flit in and out of the story it made me wonder if an opportunity was missed for some character development and filling in certain plot points.<br/><br/>I'm still wrestling with the ending.  I was disappointed about the actions of the beloved character's killer (no spoilers here!).  I loved how complex this character was becoming, torn between good and evil, and I've always felt it would be great to dive more into his motives and true feelings.  I've also always felt that Rowling hinted at this complexity but then did not follow through by making him more than one dimensional.  I guess I'm still waiting to be surprised.<br/><br/>Like all of you....I'm already eager for the next installment!
 I eagerly anticipated this book but felt that it did not quite come up to expectations.  Unfortunately, the author seemed to try roo hard to get certain info across.  I also found Dumbledore's extra lessons while informative, just too repetitive.  I think he could have gotten the info across quicker and all at once.  Also, the fact that Harry had to get certain info from Slughorn took too long, and was already understood, though I love the way he finally got it.  Also, I feel, the extra lessons should have included Harry learning ways to defeat Voldemort.  Also, the interaction, or lack there of with certain characters was missing.  How did Harry do in Defense of the Dark Arts with Snape as a teacher?  Did he learn anything?  Did Dumbledore suspect Snape?  Is that why he made him D.A.D.A. teacher knowing no teacher in that subject lasts more than a year?  Though it was great to finally learn why.<br/><br/>It was nice to finally get some answers but I feel the author tried too hard to get them across.  She also raised some new  questions.  I also feel the climactic final fight was too quick and tied up to quickly.  While it might have made the book longer, it would have been nice to see what others were doing during this time.  Especially, why did Dumbledore not trust MacGonagall enough to tell her more of what he was doing?  It seems that only Dumbledore knew what was going on instead of the Order of Phoenix becoming more of a true army/spy service and looking for ways to defeat Voldemort.<br/><br/>I did like this book but I feel it could have been more.  Now, we wait to see how this all ends up.  Just, the next book, please, have a little more kindness to some of your characters and do more with them!  I'd like to see more of MacGonagall and some of Harry's year mates like Neville.
 J. K. Rowling's sixth Harry Potter book is one of the best in the series. "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is engrossing, humorous, fast-paced, and filled with the delightful wizardry that has made Harry one of the most popular characters in children's literature.<br/><br/>Harry and his friends, Ron and Hermione, are now sixth year students. The Wizarding community is nervously protecting itself against a potential threat from Lord Voldemort's Death Eaters, and Albus Dumbledore meets with Harry surreptitiously to give the young man further insight into the Dark Lord's mysterious past. Harry is on high alert, because he has a suspicion that his fellow student, Draco Malfoy, is up to no good. However, Harry's friends think that he is becoming too obsessive and paranoid because of his loathing for Malfoy. Meanwhile, the Hogwarts routine continues, with Harry and his friends attending classes, playing Quidditch, and getting into assorted mischief.<br/><br/>Rowling's brilliance shines through in "The Half-Blood Prince." This book has it all: suspense and intrigue, a varied cast of fascinating characters, romantic triangles involving Harry and his friends, and a provocative ending that prepares the reader for the final installment in the series. Rowling's writing style is intelligent, imaginative, often hilarious, and always engaging. Harry Potter's world is magical, not just because it is inhabited by unusual people and assorted creatures who can perform amazing feats, but because the author populates her universe with individuals who display the whole spectrum of human emotions, from envy and selfishness to altruism and deep compassion. "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is a worthy successor to the five books that preceded it, and I look forward to the long-awaited conclusion of the Harry Potter saga.
 This review is spoiler-free!<br/><br/>  "There are some injuries you can't cure...old curses ...and there are poisons without antidotes" Hermione tells Harry this during the first feast of the school year, setting the table for the course to come. The mood: at times Somber- but so many of the elements that made the other books work are so perfectly balanced in this one , that, dare I say it: THIS MAY BE THE BEST POTTER BOOK YET! I know that is the mantra of so many beloved books, in so many beloved series including this one, but I have always held my personal favorite to be book 3 ( Prisoner of Azkaban) with props to 4 and 5 for being great stories, very cinematic, so much so that I feel they will make for the best film adaptations.  But, the last two were more in need of the sort of editing that writers lose do to the sheer magnitude of their celebrity.  Half-Blood Prince is well edited and well-constructed, at a mere 652 pages, even the multiple trips down memory lane via the Pensieve, are nicely packaged. J.K. Rowling is a wonderful storyteller; the novel's finale is as agonizing as earlier pages are touching.<br/><br/>  As always Rowling has placed enough clues, for fans or readers familiar with classic archetypes, to predict the climax. Also, chapter one "The Other Minister" has one of the best devices for speedy exposition I've ever seen. It smoothly initiates new readers as the muggle Minister reflects. In years to come, this book will be "a sign of the post-911 times" The mood progressively darker, while the characters still continue to grow, Harry and company, more than not, sound like 16 year olds. Their relationships to others and one another continue to grow more complex. It is this change from book to book that makes Rowling's work unlike any other series, any genre.
 Reading Harry Potter and the Half-Blood prince Is a bit like climbing up the first hill of a rollercoaster. It's one of the most memorable parts of the ride but, at the time, it really doesn't seem like much fun.<br/><br/>As far as the overall plot arc goes, while there are some extremely major events, generally, things are bad when the book starts and they are bad when the book ends. This book probably the most transitional book of the series. That is not a criticism. Remember, the Empire Strikes Back was a "transitional" movie and its the best of that series.<br/><br/>In the midst of this transition, Rowling gets a chance to write about the real theme of the series - growing up. She is exceptionally wise about life as a teenager. Unlike most adults, she doesnt seem to belittle the struggles of the teenage life - struggles with the other gender, with classmates, with parents (or parent figures) and with teachers. These are not things to be laughed at but signs of what the adult will eventually look like.<br/><br/>I have a feeling that we will look back, when the sound and fury of the last book has died down, and realize that this may well be J.K. Rowlings true masterpiece.
 "Half-Blood Prince" doesn't answer nearly as many questions as it raises, and it isn't like its predecessors in a number of ways. One that will immediately jump out at you is that the book does not begin at No. 4 Privet Drive with the Dursleys. Instead of the usual hilarity and chaos that ensue at the Dursleys' home in the first chapter of the other five books, "Prince" begins with strife and death (a bridge collapse and hurricane) in the Muggle world: the work of the Dark Arts. This subdued beginning is the first clue that things are now different and sets the tone for the rest of the book, which is much darker than the other novels in the series.<br/><br/>Harry is sixteen now, in his penultimate year at Hogwarts, and his future is weighing heavily on his mind. Harry's infamous anger found in "Order of the Phoenix" has ebbed, but it's never far from the surface. He has grown bolder, saying and doing things that surprise even himself. He is no longer terrified of detention or of having house points taken away; since his godfather's death in "Phoenix," Harry has come to realize that the world is bigger than his life at Hogwarts. At 16, our hero has had to deal with more death and responsibility than many of us will ever know, and as a result, his thoughts in "Prince" are deeper, more morose, and less confused. Author J.K. Rowling has done a great job with the overt coming-of-age theme that flows through the series. Harry's thoughts and actions are almost always age-appropriate. In the sixth book, friendships grow more intense but confused, romance ensnares all of the main characters, and through private lessons with Dumbledore, Harry begins to know Lord Voldermort when he was still Tom Riddle. The trust Dumbledore (finally and deservingly) instills in Harry by taking him into his confidence is a very important turning point, maybe the most significant in the series so far. The torch is being passed. Understanding Lord Voldermort is the key to defeating him, an arduous task the younger Harry was unprepared for, and one which heretofore Dumbledore tried to shield him from.<br/><br/>The final scene finds Harry making huge decisions that will change the series as we know it.<br/><br/>It's hard to be left the way we are: in mourning and worried about Harry. Though some readers will complain about the lack of resolution and action, Rowling has set the table for an unbelievable finale. Here's to hoping it won't be another two years to find out what becomes of our beloved characters!
 I'm still torn as to whether I prefer Half-Blood Prince to Goblet of Fire, my earlier favorite of the Harry Potter series.  There is more action in Goblet of Fire, but the characterizations and emotions are without match in Half-Blood Prince.  And, happily, there is none of the dragging of the plot line that seemed to occur through about 200 pages of Order of the Phoenix.<br/><br/>When finishing the book (after drying a few stray tears) I found myself marveling at what an accomplished story-teller Ms. Rowling is.  She really has the teenage psyche down in this most recent book - from the mood swings, to the camaraderie, to the hormones.  She also has mastered the art of surprising her reader - sometimes even with an event the reader had anticipated.  I felt I could see and feel the setting and emotions of her characters.  Her style of writing and ability to draw emotions from her audience has improved with each book.<br/><br/>I look forward to Book 7.  Almost as much, I look forward to Ms. Rowling branching into another genre and writing other books.  Her style, characterizations, and story-telling would be well-received in any genre.
 That question plagues Harry through his sixth year. Learning about Voldemort and recovering from the loss of his beloved Godfather, Harry's year is starting out wrong footed. But that is only the beginning. Really bummed out over the loss of Sirius, but I love this book just like all the others. Favorite character is so Professor Snape. What can I say, between the snark and Alan Rickman -how could you not.
 My mom preordered Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince but I wasn't too excited to start reading it. After my mom had finished reading it, she left it on the floor in my room. I thought maybe Harry Potter was too juvenile for me (since I am starting college this fall), but I got bored at some point and picked it up. I only put it down to go to work, eat, and sleep, it was that good.<br/><br/>This is the 6th book of the series...It starts with disasters in both the muggle and magic worlds. Voldemort has come back. Malfoy has been given an assignment by the dark lord, and if he doesn't complete it (which his mother doubts) he will be killed. Harry catches on right away, but no one believes him, as usual. This book chronicles Harry trying to find out what Malfoy is up to and the changing of relationships between the circle. It is very well written, touching, and sad. I loved it, it couldn't have been written better.<br/><br/>Harry is unknowingly given an old potions book to use and the spells inside it differ from the book's directions but turn out better. Hermione is extremely jealous that Harry's using this book and getting higher grades than her. I thought I knew who the Half-Blood Prince was (that's the old owner's nickname), I was fairly certain, and I was wrong! I love the fact that it wasn't predictable. The end just leaves you wanting to read the last one, and I admit, I'm kind of sad it's ending so soon! I will definitely be reading the next one.
 The much-anticipated sixth installment in the Harry Potter series has received a lot of attention. All who have read the earlier books are eager to watch Harry progress further, to find out what tricks Lord Voldemort has in store, and to see more of the mysteries of Rowling's magical world revealed.<br/><br/>Writing a series such as this constrains a writer with the need for consistency; unfortunately this book suggests the now billionaire author has lost the time to attend to the fine details that made the earlier novels so delightful. Some elements are formulaic and repetitive, though placed in new situations: the constant fighting and making up between Ron and Hermione, or the antagonism between Harry and Draco Malfoy or Snape.<br/><br/>Some of Rowling's old formulas have just been dropped rather than given a new look. The Dursley's are dispatched quickly. The beloved half-giant Hagrid is almost invisible in this volume. The characters never enter the woods around Hogwarts, and there's far less coverage of Quidditch (Harry misses two of the three games, even though he's team captain). The only new magical creature here is a variant on the zombie, and only a few new pieces of magic are described - a luck potion, and the mysterious horcruxes.<br/><br/>There's an untidiness here, much more left in the air than the earlier books. Why does the new professor Slughorn remember Harry's mother as being good with potions, but makes no mention of Snape? The relation between Snape and Harry's mother was touched on in previous books, but seems ignored here. What happened to Hermione's concern for house elves, with Harry now the owner of one? For that matter, Harry owns a house too, but neither he nor anybody else in the book actually goes there.<br/><br/>This book sets the stage for the final volume where the others were much more self-contained. Harry and his friends have found a way to destroy the Dark Lord, now they just need to find the magical objects to make it happen. Some of the missing loose ends may just be helping set the stage for the last volume. Is the unremarked disapperance of Professor Trelawney at the end deliberate, or did the author just forget her? Is Malfoy's more sympathetic portrayal here (at one point Harry finds him in tears) preparing for a positive role for him later?<br/><br/>The book has been referred to as "dark". Yes somebody dies here, but then somebody Harry knows and cares about died in each of the previous two books. The Dark Lord doesn't appear in this book except as memories of his youth, and one wonders what else he is up to besides committing random acts of terror and trying to infiltrate the school.<br/><br/>The "half-blood prince" of the title does not seem central to the story. The resolution is rather abrupt, and while Harry had no clue who the "prince" was beforehand, the surrounding events only seem to reinforce Harry's intuition against that of just about everybody else. That includes Professor Dumbledore, tragically wrong in this instance (or perhaps the final novel will show in some way that he was right after all?)<br/><br/>The teen years naturally involve character development and maturing year to year, and J.K. Rowling nicely captures that essence. One reason her novels are so beloved is the reality of the characters in a highly unreal, magical, setting. Despite some formulaic episodes in this book, Rowling's three heroes once again develop and mature and we grow more attached to them. The final installment is eagerly anticipated by millions. We only hope she has the time to make it worthy of the series as a whole.
 After two years since the last book came out, JK Rowling's newest edition, The Half Blood Prince, is the darkest, yet most intriguing of them all, as we finally see the past of YOU KNOW WHO, and his obsession of making himself immortal. Harry and his friends become even closer together as they struggle through hardships that no one should have to face......<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince manages to solve a lot of mysteries that happened in the last 5 books. We find out what the wizzarding community is doing now that the Ministry of Magic is forced to admit that Lord Voldemort has returned. Posters are all over Diagon Alley and Hogsmeade giving tips of trying to find out Death Eaters and if loved ones are under the Imperius Curse. No one does their shopping alone, as everyone is afraid that now Voldemort has returned, they will be the next victim of his.<br/><br/>New characters are added as well, with the biggest one by the name of Horace Slughorn, the new Potions teacher. New Quidditch players are made, including one that likes to think of himself as the captain of the team even though Harry is.<br/><br/>The book takes us into detail of what Voldemort was like as a kid. I am pleased to see that Dumbledore and Harry have a much better relationship than the last one, The Oder of the Phoenix. In the fifth book they hardly talked at all except near the end. This one however Dumbledore actually shows up at Harry's house and also takes him on a quest of great importance when it comes to finding a weakness of Voldemorts.<br/><br/>We do learn that Harry has inherited the house of his godfather's after Sirius died and learn that Kreacher, the house elf, has become Harry's House Elf as well. I would also have liked to have seen more of Lupin, Mad Eye Moody, and the Weasly Twins but their appearances are rare in this book now that none of them are at Hogwarts. But I must say that the Weasly's joke shop sounds like loads of fun to visit.<br/><br/>I was disappointed to see the length of the book. The last two were over 750-800 pages, but this is around 630. However I think the last book will make up for it with a good amount of story in it.<br/><br/>The ending is really dark. Both Harry and his friends suffer horribly from the loss.  There are so many reviews that spoil the book here already I felt like I would waste my time telling and explaining the reason why its so dark.] I will say the burial for that person is touching, with the centaurs and the merpeople showing their respects.<br/><br/>I would say this is the darkest of the books but it is not the worst nor the best. This is needed to read if you are a Harry Potter fan and you want to read the last book because it clears up a lot of what Harry is desiring to do at the end.<br/><br/>There are also plenty of mysteries themselves in this book as well. From trying to find out what Draco Malfoy is spending his time with, to a book with a author calling himself the Half Blood Prince, to even seeing who is sending dark objects to the castle to kill someone important. This is definately a book that you need to read.<br/><br/>PS: If you read the ending of one of the chapters, you will see the reason why there hasn't been a teacher of the Defense Against the Darks Arts for more than a year.
 After reading book #5, I picked up #6 with some trepidation. Would it be as painfully long? Would it be as dour? Would Hagrid return and torture us with his brothers and creatures?<br/><br/>Happily enough, I felt that some of these major problems of, admittedly, its very enjoyable predecessor have been eliminated in this latest installment. The best about Half Blood Prince can be summarized as follows: it's like watching a straightforward action thriller. You get your bang for your bucks. And, knowing what you're getting into and having read all the preceding books, you can't complain about the lack of surprises along the way. In fact, by this point, the surprise and novelty are over, but the rewards are to be reaped left and right in terms of character development and the satisfactory transition of the baby wizards into adulthood.<br/><br/>While Harry was a slightly annoying teenager in book #5, here he becomes an unexpectedly interesting young man. Maturity is far away, but the seeds of it are planted. And I must say, I'm looking forward to seeing how he changes yet more in the next installment.<br/><br/>Dumbledore is another character who definitely became more interesting. Perhaps I'd never appreciated him - he was like an old friend, always there. Always predictable. Less so here! The same can be applied to Snape, Draco, Ginny, etc. We definitely needed to learn more about Voldemort's past, as frustrating hints of it had always come up and never been explained beforehand. I wanted, however, for him to be a more complex person, at least in the past, and I didn't receive what I'd asked for. I also wished for a bit more from the other characters I genuinely like: Hermione, Neville, and Ron, but once again I am reminded of the fact that the sheer number of characters involved in this series and J.K. Rowling's insistence on involving every single one of them in complicated goings-on in book number 5 was what made it such a behemoth.<br/><br/>There are plenty of detractions I could make regarding the romance developments in this book, but I choose not to. It's hard to remember sometimes that these are silly teenagers we're reading about, and their behavior may seem completely insane, immature, and not based in reality as most reasonable people perceive it. However... fifteen and sixteen year olds in the real world are behaving in the same bizarre ways.<br/><br/>Overall, the emotional impact of this toned down and more finely honed book has been the greatest yet. I nearly cried after reading #5, but even then the disconsolation and terror that our characters felt didn't sink in quite as thoroughly as they did now. It's better written. It's more readable. It's a mean and lean machine that I'd never allow a child under twelve to read, owing to scenes of dark magic that made even my own blood run cold. And, no matter how much I might have liked Prizoner of Azkaban, by the literary standards and the sheer degree of intensity, this is the best part yet.
 I have been a fan since the very first two were first published in America.  At the time I worked at a library and thought, "Why not."  After, I recommended the books to young and old alike and received nothing but thanks in return.  In the sixth year at Hogwarts, the reader will find Harry, much more grown up.<br/><br/>Harry is now sixteen and has been devastated with the lost of his godfather from the previous year.  Regardless, he trugs on.  Afterall, he still has his friends (Ron and Hermonie), Hagrid, and Dumbledoor.  Book six begins with Dumbledoor collecting Harry over the summer (quite strange--to say the least).  Dumbledoor tells Harry of his inheritance from his godfather and that he would like to give Harry private lessons in addition to his normal classes at Hogwarts.  Harry, of course, agrees.<br/><br/>This year is especially dangerous for all witches and wizards everywhere, because now it is known by all that Voldermort has return with his Death Eaters.  While Death Eaters create a rampange throughout the countryside, Harry overhears Malfoy's secret converstations with a curator well known for dabbling in the dark arts.  Harry is certain that Malfoy is now a Death Eater like his father.  Only no one will take him seriously.  The story continues in this vein.  Harry helping and discovering Dumbledoor's secrets, following and spying on Malfoy, and then there is the teenage romance that seems to involve Harry, as well as, all his friends.<br/><br/>I thought Rowling did a wonderful job with this one.  Harry's character is definately evolving into a more confident and intelligent young man.  The ending was a shock.  I don't know if I will be able to stand waiting at least another year for the next one.  I hope it goes by fast!
 I love writing book reviews. I hate writing reviews for books that are a part of a long running series. The task become multifaceted and complicated. You are unable to judge the book solely on its own merits, but also on how it fits within the entire arc of the series. It is quite possible on it's own for a book to be excellent, but within the confines of the series to be a disappointment, or commit some action that lessen the series. Conversely, a book could be down right dull while being an important and necessary piece that moves the series to a important place.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is quite an important book in the planned seven part series. As the penultimate book it has an important task, it must clean up many of the loose ends, and set up the final great battle. In a way it is a housekeeping book. Often times, these books are the hardest, toughest to read, but writer J. K. Rowling handles this well. In this book, Rowling takes the focus off the tasks she need to do by distracting us with the blossoming of the three main characters and the developments and changes in their relationships. In a series that has turned quite dark, the light hearted moments of young love, keep the book moving and gives it a sense of fun.<br/><br/>Yet, at points the story does get bogged down by the many minor characters she his introduced over the past 5 books, who seem to pop up in places causing you to have to search you memory for just who they were. While some of these references where important, others where extraneous, and were slight bumps on an otherwise smooth ride.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is more a story of the past. Harry is invited to private tutoring sessions by Dumbledore. During these private sessions Dunmbledore takes Harry on a trip of memories to learn about the past of Lord Voldemort. As Harry is believed to be the "chosen one" prophesized to do battle with ultimate dark Lord, Dumbledore believes it is quite important for Harry to prepare himself by getting to know his enemy. Dumbledore implores Harry to solve the mysteries of certain memories. This was another weak point in the novel. It seemed so important to Dumbledore for Harry to solve a particular mystery, yet when he finally does, it seemed that Dumbledore had already had it figured out, perhaps for a while. The whole search for the hidden memory come off as much more of plot device to hold off revealing things than an actual vital part of the plot.<br/><br/>Yet, complaints aside, Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is a fun book. It is much more of a teenaged book than some of the others in the series. She seems to have finally found that balanced. Her early books were mostly kids books, written with adult appeal. The later where adult books suitable in content and pace for children. Within the series, this may have been the most important book, setting up book seven, yet it is also a highly entertaining.
 The first time I read the book I admit I was slightly dissapointed. Then i went back a few weeks later and re-read it. I realized that i was so anxiouse to get through the book and see what hapened that i didn't really appreciate what she had done to the book. Thinking of the book now - its amazing what she has done.<br/><br/>There are so many turns. She drops hints and clues; you think you know whats going on, but at the end you realize that what happened was the opposite of what you thought would happen. I think that some people are dissapointed because they expected more from her, but i don't think they realize how important this book is to Harry's story.<br/><br/>Someone does die near the end, and i think most people know who it is. The first time through, I didn't cry. I think maybe I was shocked. Reading it again though I realize how important that character was. Harry can no longer ignore what he has to do. With Dumbledore gone now he realizes that he will have to complete this alone.<br/><br/>Through out the entire last chapter you feel lose, pain. But people come together because of this. Romances begin; Harry's ends though, and he can't help but feel alone. On the last page, though, it takes a turn and you can't help but feel hopeful, like everythings gonna be okay.
 I have to say i have not cried so hard since the order of the phoenix. This book is visually stunning to a person with a hyper imagination. I have never enjoyed and at the same time despised the words that unfolded on each page. Before the HBP and even before OTP, i have never cried on a book. But with the end of the OTP and the HBP, i left many tear-stained pages and was one of many readers who threw the book down in sadness and disgust, hoping that my eyes were playing tricks on me. Alas it ended that they weren't and i have to accept the cold reality of the death of a beloved main character(when this is made to a movie, im going to probably cry as hard or harder). This book was over hyped to a point and i read it at the height of it. Fortunatly i disregarded the hype and took the book at face value what it truly was. A masterpiece. i give J.K. her deserved praise for moving Harry into what will be his ultimate path in such a detailed and sometimes not so gentle delivery. I don't want to spoil this for anyone that has not yet read the book so i will make a closing statement about said book. This is one of the best of the series. my second fav is the OTP and that had sad ending as well.<br/><br/>  I am sad that i have to wait such a long time to have closure and find out if the theories of my fellow harry potter peers have any truth to them. I am eagerly waiting for the final book and while i wait i'm going to accumalate the rest of the series, so that i have all the books by the time the 7th is released.<br/><br/>  -Eager and Excited in Pennsylvania.
 Now that Cornelius Fudge has been forced to resign from the Ministry of Magic it seems that the whole world is finally supporting Harry Potter. But nothing is farther from the truth: the dark forces surrounding the sinister Lord Voldemort are preparing themselves for the big fight and Harry Potter feels this very strongly. Harry never really trusted Draco, son of known Death Eater Lucius Malfoy who finally got captured and put in Azkaban Prison, but when Harry spots him at Borgin and Burkes he knows that Draco is up to no good. Harry is convinced that Draco is actually becoming a Death Eater like his father and will do everything to prove this. But his closest friends Hermione and Ron think that he is seeing ghosts. Even Professor Dumbledore does not buy the warnings that Harry is proclaiming. Again Harry feels that he has to fight this battle on his own.<br/><br/>Finally J.K. Rowling did it: she completely lost the balance between story and exposition. Whereas in the previous books she tended to overdo only slightly these side stories, in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince she completely goes beyond. Even the way she weaves the background stories into her narrative is becoming tedious. Again and again the Pensive is used to shed some more light on the main characters. The exclamation "Oh, not again!" truly must have been on the lips of many people that read this sixth episode of the Potters series. Even the extra character of Professor Horace Slughorn pales in comparison to the previous Defence Against the Dark Arts teachers and must succumb to the big monster of exposition. True. For most of the fans this background information is useful and interesting, but the author could also have put this in a separate Harry Potter companion or even an appendix. Many parts of the book suffer from this flagrant imbalance and more often than not I did feel compelled to skip chapters.<br/><br/>Amazingly enough, it turns out that Rowling did somehow realize that she was loosing the attention of the reader and decided to completely turn the rudder in the final chapters. Out of the blue the pace of the story is boosted and suddenly the book becomes quite a thriller. Maybe the final chapters of the Half-Blood Prince are to be listed as some of the best of the series so far. To say more than this would indeed ruin the experience. So my advice: gather (quite) some courage to get through the main part of the book and you will be awarded!
 I've been waiting three years to read this book. I stood in line for five and a half hours in order to get this book. And wow. It was definitely worth it! A lot of questions are answered, and a lot of other questions and mysterious things are introduced -- as usual, I suppose. I won't spoil too much in this review, but the end is really surprising and the hugest cliffhanger ever. The romance I thought between Ron &amp; Hermione was brewing for awhile, but Harry's sudden love for Ginny is a little weird and I'm glad they broke up in the end. The last part has Harry having to embark on a dangerous future, him wanting to go alone, but Ron &amp; Hermione refusing to leave his side, which I thought was cute. Dumbledore and Harry have a lot of alone time in the book, all of which is entirely confusing but really good, although it goes on a little too much.<br/>Well, we do revisit our old friends from the Order of the Phoenix and thanfully, not a lot of the book is devoted to Harry's anger and grief over Sirius' death, as I had feared much would be. The Dursleys are almost completely absent from the novel and this proves to be good; also, though, you don't see much of the Order of the Phoenix -- actually, hardly at all, which sort of leaves you with just Harry, and makes you feel sort of uncontrolled... They aren't keeping secrets from him anymore, though.<br/>Definitely worth the read, but it doesn't quite measure up the spectacularity of the Goblet of Fire. Luckily, Harry isn't as whiny and stuff like that as he is in the Order of the Phoenix -- which is really good, cuz that was definitely annoying. He's way more mature and leaderish. It was a good job.<br/>Can't wait for the final installment.
 The sixth volume of the saga is coming of age. The boys and the girls are finally growing into their late teens and starting to have a real life of love and (in)stability. They are also getting over school work and entering the field of more mature questions. Harry Potter himself is led into this new maturity by Dumbledore who makes him discover and explore all he knows about Voldemort, in reality Tom Riddle. The book is tragic since it leads to the death of Dumbledore, dramatic since it leads to the sending of Harry Potter alone on the road that will lead him to Voldemort. But the book is also comic by the fact that Harry Potter had known more than Dumbledore about Snape and Malfoy. Dumbledore, in his great age, did not trust Harry Potter's juvenile intuition and was defeated because of that and it is this defeat that enables Harry Potter to be born to adulhood like a phoenix out of its own ashes. This volume ends with a victory for Voldemort, a victory that will lead to the final chase and battle, but it is Voldemort who will be chased and no longer Harry Potter. This is the good news of the book. When a demon is haunting you, you'd better go after him rather than let him get the hell out of you. This leaves us with one more volume to go to read the announced end of the saga. How can the author be that cruel and pretend that in one year Harry Potter will come to an end, not the book but the character ? To succeed in doing this she will have to be a great magician. Conan Doyle killed Sherlock Holmes. He was forced to ressuscitate him. Stephen King closed the seventh volume of the Dark Tower with a last page which is the very first page of the first volume, everything starting all over again. Lucas shot the last three episodes of Star Wars before the first three, the sequel of the last film shot has already been shot. Will she dare to kill Harry Potter as well as Voldemort in one of these Hollywoodian epic duels ? Will she dare make him lose his powers and become a muggle ? Will she defy logic and make him drop his witchcraft for the sake of a beautiful love affair ? How cruel authors can be with their audiences.<br/><br/>Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Université Paris Dauphine, Université Paris I Panthéon Sorbonne
 And then there was war.  After the tragic, yet enlightening, trip to the Ministry of Magic that landed many Death Eaters in jail, got one of Harry's closest allies killed, and finally allowed Harry to learn just why Lord Voldemort tried to kill him at such a young age, magical society is beginning to fall apart.  Voldemort and his Death Eater followers have brought the Dementors to their side, and have begun mass killings.  Things have gotten so bad that the heads of Muggle governments (such as the English Prime Minister and the American President) are being apprised of the situation.  Furthermore, Cornelius Fudge has been removed as Minister of Magic.<br/><br/>The fighting has taken its toll on even Dumbledore, who has suffered a great injury, but that has not stopped him from continuing to fight as well as run Hogwarts.  Meanwhile, Harry, Ron, Hermione, Ginny, Neville, Luna, and the rest of the children return to the school.  This will be Harry, Ron, and Hermione's sixth year, and they begin to take really advanced courses in preparation to take the graduation exams in the seventh and final year.  Harry has narrowed down his class list to just a few choice subjects that are required to become an Auror (Transfiguration, Defense Against the Dark Arts, Potions, Charms).  As usual, there is a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, and sadly, once again, the prof is someone that Harry could do without (so far, he has only truly liked on DADA teacher, and that was Lupin; he did like Moody until he figured out that it was an imposter).  And for once, Harry excels in Potions class due to the help of a book once owned by the mysterious "Half-Blood Prince".<br/><br/>The bonds of friendship are pushed to the breaking point this year due to teenage hormones.  Anyone who reads between the lines knows that Ron and Hermione secretly want each other, yet they each have character flaws that keep them apart and in the arms of others, and Harry is forced to be a mediary between the two.  Harry also harbors a crush on someone, but he also believes that pursuing the crush would destroy a friendship.<br/><br/>This book is much more of a slow-burning story than previous ones.  It focuses a lot on Voldemort's past as Tom Riddle, and while there are hints as to foul play by Draco Malfoy througout the book, they are very sparse.  Yet everything leads up to a brilliant and heart-breaking ending.<br/><br/>I was surprised to see that two of my predictions that I made after reading book 2, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, have come to pass, yet they occured one book early.  I was pretty sure that each thing would happen, yet I did not think that they would occur until the final book.  However, having them happen now instead of in the seventh book allows for us to truly feel how they affect everything in the seventh book.<br/><br/>As usual, this was an excellent book.  Rowling has done an amazing job of unravelling a very compelling story.  She created the entire backstory before writing the first book, which explains why everything fits so well together, and she continues to impress with fun, interesting characters, beautifully described locations (sometimes hauntingly beautiful), cool magical properties, and a great story.  I can't wait to read the next, and last, book, which has a final chapter that has been written and kept under lock and key since before the release of the fifth book.
 **** UPDATED REVIEW ****<br/>I stick by everything I wrote in the original review below (except I'd make it a full five stars) but after reading this book another six or seven (dozen) times (along with all the other HP books which I read or listen to insatiably), I have come to the conclusion that this is the best HP book to date. It's tough to beat out Prizoner and Goblet, but Prince does. It's heart-rending obviously (and although I don't know how you could have missed what's heart-rending about it by the time you've reached this review, just in case, I won't give it away), but it makes sense. Even the most heart rending parts make sense. They happen for a reason.<br/><br/>The action in this book starts on page one (chapter two is a punch to the gut!) and doesn't stop. I think, based on the ending of this book, that book six and seven are two parts of one really big book. Unlike the other five books which had definite beginnings and endings, this one leaves you, not on a cliff exactly, but without the usual school-year-is-over-and-so-is-book feeling.<br/><br/>The HP books are so worth the time and this one is the best yet! Whatever will I do when there is no more HP to look forward to????<br/><br/>**** ORIGINAL REVIEW ****<br/>Whew. I'm just... flat. I feel like the air's been let out. I just read for the last 12 hours straight and I'm still sort of in shock. If you like the Harry Potter books, this one is up to scratch and you learn so much. The book is really only a little about Harry. Mostly the main characters of this book are Albus Brian Wolfrick Dumbledore and Tom Riddle, and a bit about teenage hormones (which is just about right, frankly - they've been strangely absent up 'til now).<br/><br/>I trust that J. K. Rowling knows what she's doing so I don't hate her, but it would be nice if she would remember that it's much easier to read when your eyes are NOT swimming with tears.
 despite some of the other reviews, I thought this book was every bit as fulfilling as the others if not more so. Once again the ending is absolutely thrilling though a bit disturbing (which is why I didn't give it 5 stars). There were some other disturbing issues to. Im sure you'll probably want to slap Ron aside the head for how he's being an idiot towards Hermionie. There were few slow places in the book, but even they were no different then the other books.<br/><br/>SPOILERS (don't read unless you read the book)<br/><br/>I just wanted to slap Ron on the side of the head and tell him 'Look, your obviously madely in love with Hermiony, and your going to ruin any chance at all of having anything between you because you're to stupid to realize she's in love with you to. And now you have to hurt another perfectly innocent girl (Lavender) because of it.<br/><br/> The biggest thing I had a problem with is how Harry (and Ron &amp; Hermioney) can be a genius at times, and a complete retard at others. how he figgured out Malfoy took the polijuice and used it on Crabb &amp; Goil to guard the unknown room was genius. How then can he go most of the year without thinking of taking the lucky juice potion to get the memory from Slughorn? How does Harry forget about using fire on the Inferi only minutes after Dumbledore told him about using iton them? Not to mention not using the invisibility cloak while running after death eaters, or using the nonverbal spell casting at snape.<br/><br/>I can understand the death of Dumbledore, what I can't understand is how easily the most powerful wizard in the world went down. In the last year subduing several death eaters at the ministry, then facing Voldmort and forcing Voldmort to flee, then being disarmed in this book by a simple minded student, and a well trusted professor easily finnishing him off. If he had to go down, I'd like to see a tremendous fight from him taking several death eaters with him. Im also not satisfied at how such a highly reputed wizzard (Dumbledore) was so easily and foolishly fooled by Snape all those years when Snape never showed any signs at all of being nothing but a typical slytherin (which nearly all are death eaters). And it beats me how the death eaters ever figgured how this plan of theirs could possibly work, afterall they didn't plan on a weakened Dumbledore.<br/><br/>Perhaps its just me that wonders with Dumbledore gone, and his spells with him, whats to keep Voldmort and an army of death eaters from showing up at the school, wrecking havouck, and capturing Harry as soon as Snape, Malfoy and the others report to him what happened. It would be the perfect time to strike.<br/><br/>But the book is nevertheless perhaps the best for me despite the issues I have about it.
 Who is the half-blood prince? I didn't expect him to be.<br/><br/>This book along with the others in a series really deserved the accolade, regardless.
 I thought this was one of the weaker books of the series. It seems to dwell overlong on the romantic yearnings of Harry Potter, Ron &amp; Hermione, Lupin and Tonks, Bill and the Swedish lady (I forgot her name). Lurve is splattered everywhere and its not helping this story. I know they're teenagers but I didn't get up 3 in the morning to stand in a queue to read about teen amour.<br/><br/>I was also disappointed in the treatment of Draco Malfoy . . . his sporadic appearances seem unfinished somehow. (Even though I liked the fact that I finally got to see his mother. She should be played by Glenn Close . . . think 1001 Dalmatians minus the spots)<br/><br/>And there should have been more of Snape who I think is the most interesting character in this book. You're not quite sure whose side he's on even though at the beginning of the book, it looks like its set in stone. There has to be a BIG REASON why Dumbledore trusted him. THe deck is stacked against Snape but I know there has to be MORE to it. Harry Potter, I expect, will get the bigger picture, in the next (and last?) book.<br/><br/>I liked the Potions teacher . . . Rowling manages to make another unique personality in Hogwarts faculty. And the use of memories from the Pensieve to get the back story of Voldemort although I still don't understand why Dumbledore would insist of Harry retrieving the last important memory himself. It feels contrived, as if Rowling was showing us another one of Harry's noble traits. What was Dumbledore trying to teach Harry? Independence? I will say, that I found Harry's attachment to the book of the Half-Blood Prince as a crib sheet in his Potions class . . . was most refreshing.<br/><br/>(Lastly, I wish there had been more of Dumbledore . . . his origins and his phoenix. THere was a peek of Dumbledore as a young man but not enough of it. (I wouldn't mind a prequel to Harry Potter. Perhaps the story of Dumbledore and Voldemort.)<br/><br/>I give this a 3.5. I'm disappointed and it started slooowwwww . . its the first time I actually skimmed through a Harry Potter book (the lurve parts)  but it did end with a bang!
 It just moves the story along getting everyone older, teaching them some things but not doing much of anything. The plot is given to you in a sneaky way that makes you keep asking - what is the plot again? The name of the book really does not seem to be the focus of the book. A better name might be Harry Potter 6 "undefined plot". In the other books, part of the excitement was having them compete, get a cup or just finishing the year. Not this book; hogwarts? Learning things? Not important. Many new filler characters none of which we get to care about. So, like Vietnam, you don't know what the war is about, just they keep on fighting and the same hill gets taken again. Death happens, you grieve and you see bodies getting carried off. This book is not as strong because though it affects Harry, my teens said you keep expecting Harry to have this huge problem or puzzle to solve. Instead, the thing that gets the book going is the bad guys while Harry again is supposed to handle the V guy and he is being given tools (probably for the next book) but he really just lives frustrated. The feel of a lack of plot is because Harry is not the main character who needs to do the stuff to fix the problem. So we don't know what the problem is, who has the problem so it is easy to lose the plot in all the hinting. The consensus here was you get addicted to the story so that you don't really analyze it. Soap Opera aka Harry. Is it really going to wrap up in the 7th book? For a lot of reasons, it should and the name should be "Harry Potter and Voldemort". This book was not boring but if it was her first book, the consensus was we would not read any more. The disappointment following when you realize how the plot shortchanged you is just such a bummer.
 The Harry Potter series is destined for greatness. Those who think it's nothing but a fad for "little kids" will be very shocked to see these books still popular many years from now. There is just something about them that hooks you in and forces you to continue reading.<br/><br/>The 6th book is a bit of an exception to this, unfortunately, but it's still an outstanding book, and a very important addition to the series.<br/><br/>Order of the Phoenix remains my personal favorite. It was the perfect book to follow Goblet of Fire and it really fit in perfectly with the series. Goblet of Fire and Order of the Phoenix basically was one big story, and if you read Phoenix right after Goblet, it's amazingly satisfying how these two stories fit so well. It was a bit surprising, therefore, to see that Half Blood Prince changes direction completely. The main plot of the series itself seems to stop in its tracks for the 6th book, which is mainly focused on exposition.<br/><br/>Half Blood Prince is a book whose purpose was to go into detail about Lord Voldemort. Large parts of this book are spent in the Pensieve as Harry and Dumbledore observe memories that tell of Voldemort's past, as Harry basically prepares for his battle against Voldemort.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, when outside of the Pensieve, there isn't a plot. Although the Death Eaters are causing much death, destruction, and chaos in the wizarding and muggle worlds, and several attempts are made on some lives, overall, there is no plot here. No goal. Harry has his suspicions about a certain character, and he is basically trying to solve this mystery. This is a very weak plot, especially for a book following the complex Goblet of Fire, and the very emotional Order of the Phoenix. During the story, unfortunately, there isn't exactly much action, and the constant trips into Voldemort's past, (I've got to admit) I didn't find as interesting as I probably was supposed to. However, the book DOES get to some great (and intense) action scenes near the end, and while not as amazing as the climax of Goblet of Fire, or as intense as the climax to Order of the Phoenix, the book definitely does end after a lot goes on.<br/><br/>But until this, you have to sit throgh some long-winded exposition scenes in Dumbledore's office, a bit too many flashbacks, and an extremely annoying love story that, as I was reading, I could just picture Rowling "winking" at those fans who spend hours arguing over "who will end up with who." For those of us who aren't exactly spellbound by the budding romance between the characters though, these elements of the book tend to get old fast, as does Ron's behavior at some points. Part of the ending of this book, unfortunately, resorted to an extremely cliche'd dialogue between 2 characters that really just seemed forced, and really seemed too much like the ending to Spider-Man.<br/><br/>My review sounds negative so far. But I'm just addressing some of the big problems with the book. Half Blood Prince is an excellent book like all the HP books. It gets off to a great start. The scene with the Dursleys is funny, and the story basically ramps up immediately. JK Rowling, it seems, was eager to address the complaints that Phoenix was a little bit too long-winded at the beginning. Half Blood Prince starts off immediately. I'd say that a lot of the best parts of Half Blood Prince were the chapters before Harry gets to Hogwarts, which is a first for the series. The first few chapters of this book resembled Order of the Phoenix more than the rest of the book. The first few chapters, which show the wizarding world under Voldemort's reign, are very unsettling, especially when you read about Diagon Alley. When they get to Hogwarts, though, it's an escape from all this. (And basically an escape from the main storyline of the series...)<br/><br/>One thing Rowling does is opens the book with a cliffhanger. Chapter 2 will raise very many questions, and you will be basically forcing yourself to finish this book as quickly as possible to see EXACTLY how things are going to turn out. Chapter 2 was very surprising and shocking, and you will be dying to know the full story behind it. It was definitely a cool way to open up the story, and it made things very interesting.<br/><br/>The first few chapters of the book aren't the only standouts, though. The last few chapters....whoa. Assuming you haven't had the ending spoiled for you, it's really a jaw-dropping finale. I just didn't see it coming. I deliberately avoided reading any reviews for this book before finishing it, and I had no idea of what was going to happen, and I just never saw it coming. If you are reading this review and have not read the book, I suggest not continue reading the reviews for this book. Tons of them have spoiled the ending, and knowing the ending will really take away a lot from the whole experience.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince seemed to resemble the first 3 books of the series rather than Goblet and Order. Those of you who think that Goblet of Fire and Order of the Phoenix were the weak points of the series will most likely enjoy Half Blood Prince the most. For me, though, it was kind of a step back. Half Blood Prince, with its more basic storytelling, is definitely more in the way of the Pre-Goblet books in the series. (But without the things like visiting Hogsmeade for the first time, etc.) But it had to be done. Half Blood Prince, you realize by the (surprising) end, is nothing but a setup for what promises to be a very different (and even darker,) 7th book. When the series ends, Half Blood Prince will likely be remembered as the one least able to stand on its own, but as the book to set everything up for the series's conclusion, which promises to be very different.<br/><br/>All said and done, Half Blood Prince was an excellent book. If this review sounded harsh, it's because this is the Harry Potter series, and the best is expected. (Especially after Order of the Phoenix.) This book is there to set up the 7th book of the series rather than stand on its own, and while this was necessary, I can't lie, I was a bit disappointed. Still, though, no flaws can stop the excellent story that Half Blood Prince continues, and the writing is just as good as the other books. Half Blood Prince should definitely be read by any Harry Potter fan. It's an excellent, (although extremely flawed) book in the series, and while a step down from the previous 2 installments, it still warrants a read by any Harry Potter fan. Those who have not discovered this series yet should really hurry up, because you don't know what you're missing.
 ... but I'm intrigued by the avenues she's opened with Book 6.  I personally don't see the ending of Book 7 being completely happy.  And honestly, I applaud Rowling if she's going down that road.  It's a rare one for fantasy literature, and even rarer for children/young adult literature.  It won't strike well with a lot of readers, perhaps... but it appears to be the road she's traveling.<br/><br/>Our main characters age, and the focus at times becomes annoyingly teenagerish with romances and focusing on dating/making out.  But contrary to a lot of parents who apparently have forgotten how they acted as teens, relationships do drive a good number of teenage kids' lives.  There were a few times I felt like I'd just jumped into a romance fanfic.  But I also have to credit the fact that it sounded like teenagers, and therefore was credible.<br/><br/>I agree with a few other reviewers that it seems like the book takes a while to get going, and that the descriptions that Rowling is known for seem a bit scarce in parts of this book.  The first two thirds of the book seem to be rolling character development with bits of plot.  The last 100 pages is a flurry of activity, with very little description.  This made the book read unevenly, and I felt like she rushed the ending to get it to the publisher.<br/><br/>I think the death was appropriate.  It seemed to be foreshadowed throughout the book.  It's a jolt, but a good climax for a book that was intentionally dark and full of struggle.<br/><br/>Overall, I enjoyed it.  I think that Order of the Phoenix was a bit more effective at capturing the darkening times within the wizarding world, as well as keeping the pace moving.  But it was an enjoyable (and fast!) read, and has given me quite a bit to think about before book 7 arrives.
 The Half Blood Prince came through in dramatic fashion. The six book in the Potter saga did what was needed by bridging the story to reach the concluding book. Some have called this the dark book in the series and they may have ample reason. Voldermot's dark past is revealed, you get an inside look at the depth of Snape's character and what forces drive him, Draco reaches new lows, and death again hits a beloved character.<br/><br/>However, the story also has a fair share of love, friendship, and loyalty. You can't help but feel the tension between the teenagers as they try to figure out this thing called love.  The build up is beautifully done between Ron and Herimone and its hard not to root for them to get together as you watch them go through different twists and turns. There is also a chemistry between Harry and a girl that really begins to evolve.<br/><br/>Friendship plays a pivotal role in this book. Harry learns to trust those closest to him and whom not to trust. Dealing with his nervousness on the quidditch field, Ron gets help from those around him. And Snape and Malfoy share an apparent beneficial relationship. Who to actually trust is an ongoing question throughout the book and culminates in an exciting dramatic ending.<br/><br/>The one thing that continues to impresses me about the whole Potter series is Rowling's attention to detail. She definitely has thought out how each character would act and react. Also she has done a fabulous job following through with plot lines and keeping a logical integrity to the entire story. This book is full of details and information needed to accurately propel the story. A great read.
 I like all of the Harry Potter books.  The previous installment, The Order of the Phoenix, was perhaps my least favorite; throughout the bulk of the novel, nothing much happened and Dumbledore and Voldemort were hardly in it until the end.  The Half-Blood Prince makes up for this, however - Dumbledore and Voldemort are in it A LOT.  I would even go so far as to say that this is Dumbledore's novel.<br/><br/>This is one of the best novels in the series.  It is the darkest novel yet.  Order of the Phoenix was downbeat, but claustrophobic; Delores Umbridge exercised such a reign of terror over Harry Potter and Hogwarts that the reader was often left in a state of frustration.  In this installment, the fight between good and evil has been taken out in the open.  Dumbledore officially takes Harry as his apprentice in the fight against Voldemort.  Through Dumbledore's pensieve, we get to see how the handsome young Tom Riddle became the Dark Lord Voldemort.<br/><br/>It is impossible to read these books and not think of Star Wars.  They are both about a "Chosen One" fighting an Evil Dark Lord.  That would make The Half-Blood Prince the Empire Strikes Back episode.  Things turn pretty bleak for our heroes.  There are a number of jaw-dropping surprises (it is difficult to go into the plot of the novel without giving anything away).  Like Empire Strikes Back, this installment ends on a terrible cliffhanger, leaving reader to think: "I can't wait another two or three years to find out how this ends!"<br/><br/>This is the sixth book of a seven-book-series.  The knowledge that our time with Harry Potter is almost over is hammered-home throughout the book, as relationships develop, people grow, and the inevitable conclusion draws near.  Now, the stage is set.  In the next novel, there will be the Ultimate Showdown between Harry Potter and Lord Voldemort.  The circle is almost complete.
 Ever since Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix came out, I'd been very anxiously looking forward to book 6. Unfortunately, I didn't get the chance to read it as soon as it came out and had to wait several weeks to get my hands on it.<br/><br/>At first glance, I admit that I was a bit disappointed that it wasn't as long as the previous books, because that way the book would keep me entertained for a little longer! Needless to say, being the Harry Potter freak that I am, I read it in less than two days!<br/><br/>I guess it might be kind of late to review it now, but since I am sure many, many Harry Potter fans haven't read the book yet, I will do it anyway.<br/><br/>JK Rowling proved that she's still a fantastic writer, as the book was interesting and kept you turning the pages. However, I can't say I wasn't only slightly disappointed by some aspects of the book as I read along. For one, I thought that (even though I'd been hoping this would happen for quite some time now) the Harry-Ginny situation was a bit fake, and what happened between Tonks and Lupin was completely out of place! I do think Rowling handled the whole relationship between Ron and Hermione extremely well.<br/><br/>My other complaint was simply the way the book ended. It honestly seemed like it was missing a whole other chapter, for some reason, as if some things had not been concluded and put to rest yet. It was annoying, especially knowing that the next book won't come out probably in another two years! I do understand that Jo Rowling said we should look at book 6 and 7 as one, though...although it still just didn't seem right.<br/><br/>The death in the book was heartbreaking, and I still don't see how Harry will make it through year 7, but I guess it had to happened; otherwise, Harry would've never really had the chance to prove himself. Also, I hope Harry does finish attending Hogwarts; it would just look really bad if he didn't!<br/><br/>..so many unanswered questions...even though this book isn't as great as I would've hoped, it will still make you wait more anxiously than ever for the next one!
 The latest installment in the Harry Potter series certainly won't disappoint fans, at least not from the viewpoint of action, subplots, and mystery.  Gone, alas, are the more colorful character developments (as we presumably know enough about nearly everyone by now to make them a bit superfluous), but thankful, so is at least some of the haunting and at times overly insolent Harry of the prior volume, who clearly deals with the social and mental issues of pubescence in additional to the "regular" trials and tribulations of school, friendship, loyalties, and of course, Lord Voldemort's effects on his life and others.<br/><br/>Here, we see Harry more in control of himself and ultimately, more aware of how he needs to eventually come to terms with his nemesis.  Along the way, Harry picks up on some interesting finer points of education, including the political ways of the wizard world, juggling friendships, and (literally) team player issues.  Above all, he's aware that there are some things in life that one just has to do oneself, which was made all the more clear by the loss of his Godfather, Sirius Black, in the "Prisoner of Azkaban".<br/><br/>In many ways, Harry once again amasses losses of various sorts, but in coming of age at seventeen in the wizard realm, he shows already an uncanny introspective of the adult world and what lies ahead.  While "dark" in nature, much of what is revealed is done so in a manner-of-fact way rather than via effects of shock, and hence perhaps sinks in even deeper.<br/><br/>While a bit dry in some places and devoid of some of the more exciting passages Rowling has conjured up for us in prior volumes, the tone is more subdued in this latest installment and actually makes for a more pleasant reading than the prior tome in the series -- nasty surprises aside.  This latest installment will once again leave avid readers of the series waiting impatiently for the seventh volume.
 Such an interesting and compelling read which delves into the dark background of Voldemort. The movie barely scratches the surface on his origins, and it is difficult to discern if playing with Dark Arts made him even more evil, or if he was just born evil.<br/><br/>This is also the novel where a pivotal shift in Harry's life occurs. A powerful must read for fans of the franchise. Again, so much better than the film.
 Has Rowling lost her formula?  Has she grown into deeper writing?  Has she descended into sound and fury, signifying nothing?<br/><br/>None of these things.  This book is the scene change at the start of the last act of the story.  It must be different, unsettling, even jarring.  The happy, familiar world of Diagon Alley and Hogwarts is giving way to the "dark days" into which Harry was born.  Dumbledore is deliberately -- and belatedly -- changing his relationship with Harry (and just in time).  Harry is taking on responsibilities without Dumbledore watching his back.  Draco too takes on terrible responsibilities.  A Slytherin is wined, shamed, and coached into a noble act.  And each step is haunted by Fudge's words from the end of chapter 1: "The other side can do magic, too."<br/><br/>On the bright side, the Dursleys get _their_ report card from Dumbledore.  The scene is a hoot, but don't be blinded by your pleasure.  Look deep into that scene for clues about the Dursleys.<br/><br/>The early Harry Potter stories never were children's books, not really.  They were books suitable for children, but they were much more than children's books.  Anyone who reads one of the clue-and-plot analysis boards will understand this.  The last three books continue the story, but Harry's challenges go beyond what a child may be prepared to understand.  This is fitting, but it will be a problem in the future when a youngster is ready for the first books, but not the last.  I don't see a good answer, except to not have this extraordinary story.<br/><br/>I gave _Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince_ five stars, but on a mortgage: if the final book does not resemble a Beethoven Symphony, towering, moving, surprising, satisfying, and _human_ then _Prince_ will be worth no stars at all.  JKR has convinced me that she can pull it off.  I think she's good for those stars.
 The book I read was Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince by J.K. Rowling. It's a fantasy book that I would give 5 stars and as a movie would be rated pg-13. This book is about 16-year-old harry potter, a young wizard whose parents were killed when he was 1. He has been living with his aunt, uncle and his cousin Dudley. When he was 11 he was told he was a wizard. Ever since then he has been attending Hogwarts School of witchcraft and wizardry. In his first year at Hogwarts he became good friends with Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger, he also became enemies with Draco Malfoy. Ron ,Harry and Hermione have been friends ever since. Now it's their sixth year at Hogwarts and now that they are at NEWT level in school things are getting a lot harder for all of the students in all classes. But Harry is now doing amazing in potions because he is using a very special book. Harry had just been borrowing the book from school when he realized that the book had a lot of notes written in it. He looked to see whose book it had been but all it said was the half-blood prince. Harry followed the notes in potions class and it made him so much better at potions. Hermione tried to figure out who the half-blood prince was and she told Harry not to use that book because she thought it was cheating as usual Harry didn't listen. Eventually the students got to learn how to apparate and harry is also doing extra lessons with Professor Dumbledore. Now Harry knows in the not so distant future he will have to face Lord Voldemort, an evil wizard who's been trying to kill him since he was a baby. Voldemort killed his parents and now he's trying to kill harry. Juggling that and school is not easy. Add big crushes and bad breakups, I just don't see how he manages.
 this was the best hp book , in my opinion. it was even better then the last one ! i mean , when i was reading it , i couldn't put it down ! it was so eciting , and it always makes you want to keep on reading to see what happens next. it is darker , but the last book was dark too , and these things dont bother me . they actually added even more to the excitement. and also , like in all the harry potter books , it's got mystery , and alot of plot twists. when i found out who the half blood prince was , i was very surprised, i really hadn't seen it coming. also, it answers a very important question in the series about voldemort . also , in this book , harry examines voldemort's past more than any other book , and you find out very important things about him .  another important thing is that this book ties together with harry potter 2 ( chamber of secrets) very much , so i would recommend that you read the second book again before you read this one .  overall , this was a wonderful book , the best of the series. you should definitely read it , especially if your a fan .
 I read about twenty books between this Harry Potter and the last one, so previous details are not fresh in my memory.  I would have wished they included a summary of the previous books.  I'm not a hard core Harry Potter fan.  I'm a casual reader of all books, so I kind of need to be reminded about certain details.<br/><br/>However, this book is immensely readable for a book this size.  In a strange note, I think this is the first book where the number pages did not increase over the last one.  Anyway, I was easily able to finish it a mere weekend, which speaks volumes about the fluidity of such a book.  Rowling delves into Voldermert's past, brings about treachery, and does so much more.<br/><br/>So yeah, it's a great book.  Even though J.K. Rowling can buy and sell me at her will, I will still contribute to her ever growing empire when the next book comes out.
 Of all the J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter books, this was the first time in the series that the movie was a disappointment compared with the novel. The story told by the author was rich in detail and laid out a clear outline of the life of Voldemort and what Harry had in store for the future. Sadly, most of the details were not included in the movie, which told more of a story of adolescent love and an almost redundant following of Draco Malfoy's attempt to fix the Vanishing Cabinet without getting to the most important part of the story which was clearly the memories collected by Dumbledore and shared with Harry in the Pensieve. By only including the memories of Dumbledore's first meeting with the young Voldemort and Slughorn's tampered memory, the most important details of the story, discovering the objects used for Horcruxes, was neglected and the remaining two films strayed from the most important details respectively in which Harry's final battle with Voldemort was barely recognizable from the novel. Sadly, this is something that can never be remedied, and as such a huge fan of the series, one can only be left thinking of what should have been.
 Well after a long two years waiting for this book to come out, I have to say I was a tiny bit disappointed. Although the overall storyline was good, it didnt seem like anything was happening. Just a lot of nothing. I did, however, like the lessons with Dumbledore. I didn't really like the Slughorn character, he just wasnt that appealig to me. I also had a clue at the first part of the book about who was going to die, so I was very sad but not surprised. Im glad that Harry finally found a girlfriend, however short lived it may have been. I guess JK is waiting for tha last book to finally put Ron and Hermione together.<br/><br/>One thing that I was surprised about is that I thought that something would happen with sirius' death. My opinion was that he was going to be able to communicate with him in some way thru the mirror that Sirius gave Harry in book 5. But oh well, I guess that was pointless. But overall, it was good. It was just a set up for the last book but 2 years was an awful long time to wait for that.
 The best book ever! WARNING THIS PART MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS!! I did not think that Ron and Hermione would kiss!! :0  sorry of I wrote abot the wrong book. I am writing this 1 month after I read it.  sorry for writing about spoilers &lt;:(
 Loved re-reading Half-Blood Prince.  It brought back a lot of good memories and nostalgia.  Can't wait to re-read The Deathly Hallows.
 In this installment of the Harry Potter series, we pick up the tale fairly close to where book 5 ended. Harry is on Privet Drive for the summer, when Dumbledore appears to take him to the Burrow to spend the remainder of the summer with the Weasleys. Everyone is on edge now that Voldemorte's returned and his followers, the Death Eaters, are back in full swing. In order to prepare Harry for whatever is to come, Dumbledore tells Harry that this school year, they will begin to have private lessons.<br/><br/>As the school year progresses, Harry is sure that Draco Malfoy is up to absolutely no good, after seeing him in a dark magic shop in Diagon Alley. Harry is convinced that Voldemorte has put Malfoy on a special mission, but no one seems to believe him. The situation becomes even more suspicious when Harry overhears a conversation that leads him to believe that Snape is helping Malfoy achieve his goal.<br/><br/>This book was excellent! I was so completely enthralled by it. I was worried that we might become bogged down in Harry's emotions, as we did in book 5, but Rowling has put together another terrific work.<br/><br/>I was a disappointed with the ending of the novel. I don't want to spoil it for anyone else, so I will just say this: I never expected it to happen like that and I found it to be anticlimactic. The ending had a surreal quality about it that led me to believe it might be a joke or a ruse, but apparently that is not the case.<br/><br/>Overall, an totally fabulous novel. I highly recommend it.
 Ok well i'm not willing to give any Harry Potter book anything less then a 5 star because no matter how much you hate how it ends, it always has a purpose in the following book.<br/><br/>So the good points were we finally got to see a relationship develop between hermione and ron... there was some very histerical points throughout this book.  FRED AND GEORGES JOKE SHOP FINALLY ARRIVES!!!  Harry Potter becomes darker and darker as the series goes on, and now all of us die-heart fans just have to wait for the final book.<br/><br/>Now I must critize because I feel she is dragging the series out somehow... I loved books: 1, 3 and 4... i wasn't  thrilled about 2... I loved 5 accept for who died at the end (he was my favorite character... then she gave us all hope he could somehow return, just to have our hopes crushed)... and now she killed off my 2nd favorite character!  She's seriously making me very angry... but that won't stop me from finishing the series!!<br/><br/>So for all fans... prepared to be very angry... but of course we all know we must read... an army couldn't stop us from reading this book we all know it!
 I enjoyed reading the book! I have read it a few times since it was first released. My youngest son has thoroughly enjoyed it as well.
 ...well, if you, the reader, hsve ever read any of my prior reviews, you must know what i will say of this magnificent novel. Burning questions answered. More mysteries revealed. Enormous character development. Startling changes. Mega revelations. Changes. That's the name of the game with this next to last novel of Rowling's. This woman is pure storytelling brilliance.<br/><br/>Read it. I can't say anything more than what i've said to convince you that this is one of, if not THE, most magnificent series i have ever read. Period.<br/><br/>I cannot wait for the final book to be released.<br/><br/>The final battle has begun. And i think Potter is finally ready to face his destiny, with a little help from his friends.<br/><br/>Loyalty and bravery are everything in these novels.<br/><br/>As they are in real life.<br/><br/>One more thing...Friends, true FRIENDS, are priceless.<br/><br/>Hawksmoor...From The Bleed
 There had not been a Harry Potter that I have been left disappointed by after finishing until I completed my reading of The Half-Blood Prince. After the Order of the Phoenix, my favorite in the series thus far, I expected much better from author J.K. Rowling when I first set hands on the latest adventure into Harry Potter's universe.<br/><br/>First of all, nearly every character in the book seems to have changed over the three weeks between books five and six, both in personality and in actions. Albus Dumbledore goes from being wise, stoic, and mysterious to being blunt and demanding. Hermione Granger seems to have lost her charm and spends the whole book lecturing Harry and second-guessing everything he does. Harry Potter has been sapped of all personality that Rowling had developed gradually throughout her first five works. Ron Weasley, although his personality is consistent with the rest or the series, spends most of the book kissing girlfriend Lavender Brown, therefore he rarely shares any dialogue with Harry or anyone else.<br/><br/>The magic that existed in books previously has been almost completely diminished. Instead of reading about Harry's class experiences and teachers at Hogwarts, we get treated to student relationships, kissing, and breaking up. While the term "snogging" gets redundant, Harry pulls a sudden crush on Ginny Weasley, Ron's sister, out of left field. He spends much of the book dreaming about making out with Ginny in hidden Hogwarts corridors and fretting over whether or not Ron would accept such a relationship. While hearing about Harry's newfound love I found myself thinking "Where's the magic? Isn't Harry trying to become an Auror? I could've sworn he was taking five classes to help him accomplish that task..."<br/><br/>Perhaps my biggest disappointment, however, is the slow-moving, drawn out plot that brought no sense of urgency along for the ride. Harry takes private "lessons" with Dumbledore that will supposedly help him defeat Lord Voldemort in the end. So, Dumbledore must be teaching Harry complicated magical spells that will help Harry defend himself? Wrong. Instead, Harry and Dumbledore delve into the Pensieve, a device that allows anyone who enters it to "view" someone's memory, and learn more about Voldemort's past. While the memories themselves are interesting, they ultimately have no impact on the story's outcome. In addition to these classes with Dumbledore, Harry receives a potions textbook in which its previous owner had written advice, spells, and more in the margins using his own quill. All Harry knows at first is that the book belongs to a person nicknamed the "Half-Blood Prince" whose true identity is not discovered until the final chapters of the book. The mystery surrounding the Prince is mainly what kept me reading after I got tired of snogging and Pensieve-diving.<br/><br/>Overall, I give Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince a score of 8 out of 10, a significant decrease from the 9.5's that I have scored each of Rowling's last three installments. Fans of the Harry Potter series are advised to read this one because it is a set-up for the seventh and final chapter of the saga, however they will not find as much of the magic they enjoyed from the first five books.
 I've been holding back my thoughts on HPVI to give folks time to read the book, despite the fact that I finished the book in the wee morning hours of last Sunday, after one continuous reading session that started last Saturday, after receiving my shipment from amazon.com. I suspect more than enough time has elapsed, so: "Lumos!"<br/><br/>Picking up a few weeks after the end of the last book, HPVI describes a world of magic in fear, and at war. There are a few new characters: a new professor at Hogwarts, a new Minister of Magic, and even the Prime Minister of England makes an appearance. Death is present, often off-stage, and at the end where (as many know) one of the major characters dies. There is betrayal as well.<br/><br/>The experiences of the previous book have changed Harry; he's a little more grown-up, resolute, and determined to strike back, should he be given the opportunity. His best friends edge forward towards a more romantic relationship, but they are young and the road forward is not so straight. Harry has some unexpected success at Potions, finally, but it is not without the help of the mysterious Half-Blood Prince.<br/><br/>Dumbledore takes Harry on a "virtual" journey into the past, hoping to learn together some crucial information about Voldemort. It is the results of this journey that lead to both the tragedy, the revealing of the Half-Blood Prince, and the hope for the future.<br/><br/>As with all Harry Potter books, HPVI is easy to read, well-characterized, and plotted out thoughtfully. Reading the book was a joy...though fate is cruel, and the ending left us all saddened, and resolute for the final battle ahead.<br/><br/>Read, and enjoy!
 Once again, Rowling details the exploits of characters we have grown to love in prose so delightful and straightforward you hardly notice the gravity of the subjects at hand until you are overcome with emotions.  The sixth installment of the Harry Potter series stays true to its predecessors' abundance of enthralling side stories, witty cast of characters, and well-written action sequences, not to mention the countless other things that make Harry Potter a joy to read.  I found this book to be well-organized and focused, which is another testament to Rowling's writing ability.  Although there are dozens of plot twists and characters she could elaborate on, she sticks to the task at hand; in this book, she focuses on the history of the title character's nemesis, Lord Voldemort.  As always, with the twists and turns of the plot, the reader feels for Harry and his companions.  Families, romance, friendship, loyalty, and lack thereof, as always, play supporting roles to the main drama that unfolds: the battle of good and evil.  It is always a pleasure to read Rowling's work; I am only sorry that I will now have to wait agonizing months for the seventh and final book.
 After spending all day reading this book, I have to say that the latest installment of the Harry Potter series is one of Rowling's best works. Whereas the last book, "Order of Phoenix" seemed to be too long and drawn out in some places, "Half-blood Prince" is better paced and shorter. Also gone, thankfully, is the screaming upset Harry Potter that we were subject to in 5. Harry has matured a bit, dealing with his destiny as well as being a teenager.<br/><br/>Moments of light comedy are interspersed with moments of intense drama. It is clear that Rowling feels comfortable within her characters to take great risks with them, which pays off with a thrilling, riveting story, and setting up things well for the last book.<br/><br/>J.K. Rowling has affording children and adults everywhere a compelling story and storyline, and opened the world of fantasy fiction to many people who would normally eschew such a genre. Perhaps Rowling herself is magic.... and if not, at least her writing is!
 Since my son started the Harry Potter series in the late nineties, I have followed along and have read and enjoyed them all. Now he is a college freshman and we are both enjoying the books as much as ever. For a "juvenile" series there is a lot going on and the plots stay fresh with many surprises. I am especially impressed with how many kids have learned a love of reading from this series. Rowling is certainly not at the level of Tolkien, but these are great stories and much better fantasy than a number of lesser "adult" writers who shall not be named. Just because Harry and his friends are kids (now on the verge of adulthood) does not mean adults should stay away this series. The plots and characters are getting a lot more mature with each book. One appealing feature which keeps the books interesting and alive is there is no assurance that things will turn out all right in the end for a given individual or the group. In The Half Blood Prince, the specter of Voldemort deepens and Harry finds himself deeper and deeper in the battle with strong suspicions of certain students and faculty members. Flashbacks, delivered to the reader by magical means of course, explain a lot of the history for both Harry and the reader. Harry's social and love life take a positive turn, but he also learns that relationships are open to danger from Voldemort along with normal adolescent disappointment and drama. The Half Blood Prince is not the place to start with Harry Potter because one must read the entire series in order to understand the plots and contexts. Since it has been a while since I read # 5, I found synopses online to refresh my memory. It is hard to believe that this series will end with the next book. In fact, the ending contains hints that the remaining story may not end as we have been led to expect. Perhaps the next installment will be something on the order of "Harry Potter and the Quest for Vengeance."
 I fell in love with Harry when the first book came out. I have been a heavy reader all my life, but even at that I was surprised how quickly I fell... and with a 'children's book' as well!<br/><br/>Just when you think you might have it all figured out, Ms Rowling introduces another twist to the engrossing plot. It is so rare that a book series can hold this amount of attention for so many volumes.... so many pages and we are all still debating where it will end (and dreading that) and whether Dumbledore .. or whether Snape.. Or who?  There is no doubt in my mind that this series will be forever a classic.<br/><br/>Our whole family reads the series from me (Gramma) to the Grandkids being read to by their Moms. Aunts, Uncles, The appeal and charm of the books is relentless: each more engrossing than the last. We are currently rereading the entire set, in preparation for the arrival of book 7.
 "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is a masterpiece through and through.  It is the richest installment yet of the story of the young wizard-in-training; its pages contain remarkable passages of fear and gloom, comedy and light-heartedness, hard-earned wisdom and courage.  Now, more than ever, it has become evident that the Harry Potter books are a phenomenon that helps define what it means to be alive in this day in age.  Harry Potter, like all great works of art, embodies the spirit of the age.<br/><br/>With the recent reprehensible and tragic terrorist attacks in London, it becomes harder and harder not to draw parallels between the ongoing war on terrorism and the war in Harry's wizarding world.  The evil Lord Voldemort is terrorism personified. Harry and his friends are the forces in our society that dare to fight the evil.  There are lessons to be taken here:  only in unity and love can we find strength and hope in fighting the shadows that plague our world.  On an even more fundamental level, the Harry Potter books exemplify the most dearly-cherished values to human nature: friendship, loyalty, courage, hope, and love.  Exactly how "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" allows for such themes to develop more soundly in the 7-part saga, I hesitate to discuss here, lest I spoil the many richly satisfying surprises it holds.  Nevertheless, I will carefully try to do so.<br/><br/>Faithful readers will know, of course, that the war between the good and bad forces of the wizarding world has reached a peak, ever since Voldemort's return to power in "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire."  "The Half-Blood Prince" opens with ominous passages indicating the level of danger in the world, now with Voldemort at large.  Notice that I said world and not the magical world.  That is because things have started to happen that blur the distinction between the muggle world and the magic world.  Voldemort is killing muggles.  Disasters (in the line of collapsing bridges and freak hurricanes) are striking all across the muggle world, with most muggles, of course, still completely ignorant of the true nature of these goings-on. Meanwhile, the Ministry of Magic is in upheaval.  Cornelius Fudge has been sacked from the position of Minister of Magic.  It becomes apparent that the Order of the Phoenix, led by Albus Dumbledore, is the only hope in the war against Voldemort and his followers, the death-eaters.  It would be a mistake, however, to assume that "The Half-Blood Prince" is so preoccupied with the war that it does not devote its attention to the home front of Hogwarts...as in all wars, we are informed, life goes on.  Readers get their usual dose of fun, magic, gossip, and intrigue as Harry returns to Hogwarts to continue his wizard training.  Among some of the delightful surprises of the school year:  a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher with a sweet-tooth for candied pineapple pieces; Ron's new girlfriend and his discovery of the art of French-kissing; a planned wedding for Ron's brother, Bill, and his fiancée Fleur Delcour; a handy new potion; newfound romance for Harry; and some mysterious, if not questionable help, by someone who goes by the name of the Half-Blood Prince.<br/><br/>That's it!  That's all I'm going to say about the plot of "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince."  Suffice it to say, it is a daring and wildly imaginative book that you will have to read to believe.  Perhaps most remarkable is the sensitivity with which author  J. K. Rowling ages her teenaged heroes.  Harry, Ron, and Hermione are no longer the shy and timid children we read of in "The Sorcerer's Stone."  They are fully-realized young adults, showing all the painful signs of adolescence.  One of the most memorable incidents in "The Half-Blood Prince" is when Harry finds romantic love with a certain-special-someone.  By the end of the book, readers intuit that it is true love.  I imagine most little girls will read that episode with an especially keen eye, and maybe even a twinge of jealousy...<br/><br/>In its totality, this is a novel to be cherished.  Its final episode of tragedy is almost beyond words to describe.  After "The Order of the Phoenix", I had wondered if maybe this series was reaching a point at which it would be too dark and gruesome for kids to enjoy.  I see now that the Harry Potter books are not intended to be all sunshine and happiness.  Life is not all sunshine and happiness.  With a wealth of wisdom that I would be proud to expose my children to, these books help readers understand many of the mysteries of the human experience. I read a lot of books, some good and some bad.  Some vibrant and full of life, and some dull and boring.  "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" reminds me why I love reading in the first place.
 So creative!  Dumbledore's Pensive basin guided Harry to understand the history of Voldemort and how to get one more fact from Professor Slughorn.  It was hard to convince him but with Felix Felicis, a liquid luck potion, Harry got the fact and puzzle altogether.<br/><br/>Beware... if you read this book first and then watch the movie, you will be very disappointed.  The movie is terrible!  No offense.  The graphics/special effects were wonderful but it twitched my brain when the plots were so completely different.
 Another great book in the Harry Potter series. In this book we learned more about Harry's parents and their interaction with another contemporary who went on to be the Half-Blood Prince, the mysterious and highly inventive note-taker in the text book used by Harry. The back story told in this book is pivotal going into the conclusion of the story. Not everyone is as they seem and this book reveals long-held secrets.
 Don't get me wrong, this is an excellent book and is well worth the read. But it seems to fall just short of the high standards we have come to expect of Rowling. She fails to create the mystery that usually surrounds Harry throughout the year. Even Harry's character to me seems less lifelike than in past books. However, she does create very realistically the emotions and feelings that come from being teenagers. Several previously important characters are scarcely mentioned. The new Defense against the Dark Arts teacher is a shocker. So overall, while  most of the characters are written realistically, there just doesn't seem to be much plot. And when a major character dies, it seems like its only to surprise us and serves no real purpose. As for the Half-blood Prince, he is not nearly what he could be, and his effects on Harry are not shown enough. A well written novel with little plot.
 Lets say I am so glad it didn't begin with a usual Harry vs Dursley moment in this book, which is a relieve to anybody who found that kinda of start off was beginning to sound like a cliche. In the last book JK Rowling has left us with the horrible news that Sirius, the only one Harry considered as family member, left unexpectedly and left most of us in denials; and the news of Voldemort alive, getting stronger and powerful each moment had finally sets in throughout the wizarding world.<br/><br/>In this book, you will find Harry more agitated, kinda feeling lonelier than he has ever been in the past. Friends grown apart, and of course grown a bit and love is in the air for a few students. Harry has been appointed as a captain of his team this year and that itself has put a dent in his yearly adventures, plus his extra homeworks &amp; assignments.<br/><br/>Snapes has been appointed as the new Defense against the Dark Arts as he has been wishing for since the beginning and with the new teacher, Slughorn; teaching as the new Potions teacher, Harry has become quite a talented student, of course with the discovery of a mysterious second-handed Potions book that has been scribbled on with tips and tricks from the previous owner, Half-Blooded Prince, hence the title.<br/><br/>As I have said before in the title of my review, this is an another page turner that is equipped to give you a rollercoaster of anticipations and anxieties, not to forget giving you moments where you would actually held your breath as you read. As expected, it is darker than ever, and will leave you with the sense of denial as the last book.
 I can’t wait to read the next one to see what a Harry will do next to avenge Dumbledore’s death. It seems like those who wish him harm hurt those who are closest to him.
 I don't want to spoil the plot, as there are many twists lurking within this book, so I'll just say this:<br/><br/>This is the best one yet.<br/><br/>Books 1 and 2 were occasionally intense, but mostly I liked them because they were hilarious. Book 3 was the one that really sucked me in, with its tightly woven, ever-twisting plot. Book 4 sprawled a bit too much but brought lots of romance and character development. Book 5, too, meandered far too much and lacked the comic relief that lightened earlier books, but resonated with deep tragedy.<br/><br/>Here, Rowling presents a Book 6 that is as tight as Book 3, has as much romance and character development as Book 4, involves a tragedy as profound as that of book 5 (or maybe more so, as I'm not convinced that the character who died in book 5 is really dead), and is sprinkled throughout by moments as funny as the best ones from books 1 and 2.<br/><br/>She has set up so much interesting stuff, I have no idea how she's going to fit it all into one final book.<br/><br/>Overall: Whoa.
 Anyone who knows even a little of the story of Harry Potter has heard (even before the book came out) that someone was going to die.  Oh we all guessed on who it was going to be.  I had three guesses and had reasons for them all.  In the end one of my guesses was right, actually in a strange way two of them were.<br/><br/>It was really the only way the story could have ended, sad as it is, someone had to die so that Harry had no choice but to confront Voldemort.<br/><br/>Basic plot:  Harry and co are getting ready to take their O.W.L or possible N.E.W.T. (I forget which one) and are nervouse about the outcome.  Added to that, tensions between just about everyone is at an all time high.  Snape has finally gotten a shot to teach Defense against dark arts and their is a new potions teacher who takes a liking to Harry and Hermoine but has no use for Ron.  Dumbledore has agreed to show Harry some more about who and what Voldemort really is.  And finally Harry finds a potions book that makes him the star of potions class, that once belonged to someone who calls himself, the "Half Blood Prince."<br/><br/>The this chapter of the Harry Potter Saga is tragic in a lot of ways, but also quite lovely.  You see once again how close Harry really is to the friends he has made since the first book.  One scene in particular where Ron's mother (forget her name) after Harry saves the life of one of her children, tells Harry that thier family is lucky to have him in thier lives, and you just know that Harry is thinking that he is the lucky one.<br/><br/>All in all a beautiful and tragic story about growing up and chosing what is really important in life.
 Fans of the Harry Potter series, whether rabid or mild, will have to go out and get this latest installment and enjoy it!  I pre-ordered from our friends here at Amazon and had the book in my mailbox on the morning of the 16th instead of waiting at midnight in an icy rain as one reviewer did.  I don't think that dimished my appreciation of this, the best of the series thus far.<br/><br/>The Half-Blood Prince is the most sophisticated and dark of the series to date.  As Harry, Ron, Hermione and other characters grow up, the plots get longer and a lot of the youthful wonder is replaced with brooding atmosphere and dark plot twists.  For instance, one notable character dies in this volume.<br/><br/>This installment misses a bit of charming youthful allure, but the more powerful plot lines make up for it.  Starting off with a harassed Tony Blair interacting with a harassed Cornelius Fudge, the book is full of omens and portents.  But, of course, it still centers on Harry and Hogwart's and, as ever, progresses through the academic year and introduces a new "defense against the dark arts" teacher.<br/><br/>A star and a half off-the top because the plot is a bit predictable and the book is just too long.  It's cumbersome and has grown to a length that should be reserved for classics like Atlas Shrugged or War and Peace.  Otherwise, it's not a bad summer reading selection and is more adult than the previous volumes.
 i am normaly one of those people who only read books once unless they are absolutly fantastic and this (like all of the harry potter books) is worth a 8th maybe a 9th read i liked it so much.<br/><br/>In this 6th installment of the HP series Harry finds out about Lord Voldermorts earlier life. Tom Riddle (early Voldermort) is not only a Mudblood but also the last in the Slythryn line to. Harry gets to see how handsome Riddle was transformed into the cruel wizard he is now. And Harry finds out how terribly hard it will be to kill this dark lord.<br/><br/>Harry in school is also for the very first time doing great in potions not only because of his teacher but because of his text book which was previously owned by someone who called himself the Half Blood Prince who wrote the easy way to make potions and do incredible spells.<br/><br/>This year at Hogwarts Harry finds out, on a terrible night, a secret of Snapes that has been hidden so well from Dumbledore though it isn't much of a surprise to Harry.<br/><br/>This is the year where the teenagers fall in (and out of) love and in this year they must experience a tragedy by far the worst that has happened in all of their years at Hogwarts.<br/><br/>JK Rowling has done a great job of writing this series and the series is no more that of children's story as it is a work of literature that will most likely go down in history for both children and adults. And like all Harry Potter books this one ends with you craving for more.<br/><br/>Like i said i loved this book and i am sure those who like the Harry Potter series will like it also.
 Each book in the series gets better and just a bit darker. This series is not only great fiction, but also has wonderful lessons to teach, no matter what age...
 Harry Potter. We all love him. From the minute I picked up the first book I was hooked on JK Rowling's delicious style of writing--the humor, the fabulous adventure, and a character we could all relate to. For me,it was Hermoine who is basically myself with a British accent.<br/>I could hardly wait. It felt like Christmas morning and opening the long anticipated gift that I wanted for two and half years.<br/>The first chapters were great. I was laughing and remembering why I love Harry and his friends so much.<br/>Then, it all came crashing down.<br/>There were significant gaps and for the first time, I finished a Harry Potter book feeling let down. I didn't know if I wanted to cry or scream.<br/>It seems as JK Rowling feels slightly deflated and is almost getting tired. The passion and the sparkle of her characters is almost completely gone. At times, you can see it flicker through but they have almost become characatures.<br/>Luna was hardly in the book; not to mention Neville who at the end of book five was foreshadowed to have a front and center role after the prophecy.<br/>Harry...the most evil wizard of all time is back and all he cares about is trite garbage that if I was interested in, I would read Sweet Valley High.<br/>And Hermoine. My role model. The one strong female character who is smart, witty, and  her own person. This book scared my image of her for life. Sulking about boys and pretending to date someone just to make Ron jealous. Who are you and what have you done with the Hermoine I know and love?<br/>Which brings me to the grand finale of my rant. "Won-Won". I believe that I almost threw up a little in my mouth. "The monster in Harry's chest." Kissing Ginny in front of the whole common room when he was just embarassed to peck Cho on the cheek. For the first time, Rowling has placed "the love triangle" front and center. It is fine when it is only a side dish, but the "Won-Won" and Hermoine's sniffles were overkill.<br/>There were moments that I laughed out loud, and the things about Voldemort's past were interesting. I was dissapointed that I did not get to learn more about James, Lily, and Sirius but I will overlook that and hope for more in book 7.<br/>This book is not all bad, but there is something missing. The vivacity and drive is now stagnant and the plot was probably the most vapid out of all of them.<br/>If you want some amazing Potter reading, stick with the first three, especially Prisoner of Azkaban. If you want a fast beach read, have fun taking in some sun with the half blood prince and the troubles of "Won-Won" and "Lav-Lav".<br/>And...if you are not a die-hard Potter fan wait for the paperback edition.
 All the earlier books left me in wonder about the fascinating world of magic, it's creatures and the very strange (often twisted) characters (usually the defense against dark arts teacher). Saidly enough all these things were less obvious in this book.<br/><br/>Furthermore the now openly declared war against, you know whom, diminishes the tension between Harry and the ministry. And although Harry, and his close friends continue growing up, and we learn more about the history of Tom Riddle and how he managed to avoid destruction when he attacked baby Harry. But a lot of the other, support, characters are much less interesting than in the previous books.<br/><br/>Nevertheless was the book a pleasure to read and well written. The announced death of important character seems part of Harry achieving adulthood and him once more learning that adults are not infallible. Harry learns the price of responsibility in his Quidditch team; there is a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher (although this character is disappointingly one-dimensional in this book), and in spite of the grim rumours of war; love and romance are blooming at Hogwarts.<br/><br/>All in all, not the best of the series but still gripping enough to read it all in 2 days. I am already waiting for the final book....
 Within the first few chapters of "Harry Potter and The Half Blood Prince," there is a noticeable change from the style of the previous five novels; this book has lost much of the innocence typically found in the preceding books.  The begging half seems more fragmented and forced any of the preceding books, with long soliloquies whose only purpose is to provide information in rather uncreative and blatant ways and random plot points that lead to unnecessary tangents.  The fact that much of the book is devoted explaining the turbulent romances forming between the adolescent wizards is a little irksome.  The tone of the first half of the book reminds my greatly of a common affliction artists face when exposed to their work for to long...there is a drift in style and feel of the piece.  Notably Dumbledore has developed a more childish, careless aspect to his character and lost much of the appearance of a wizened guide and sage.  There are some points where Dumbledore's proclamations of superiority in fact lead the reader to question whether it is actually he or someone else in disguise because of their untypical arrogance and self-righteousness.  Also, much of the plot is just to be assumed to have happened in another place unbeknownst to the reader, leaving us feeling like it is notably contrived and unbelievably coincidental.<br/><br/>J K Rowling does a magnificent job, as usual, in the creation of subtleties.  A small occurrence at the beginning of the book, for instance, leads to a justification of a character's action at the end; leading the reader to conflicting feelings in regards to this character's true loyalties.  Also, the author's ability to tie together experiences and clues from the previous books further proves the careful extent to which this series has been plotted and meticulously planned.<br/><br/>As I mentioned previously, the beginning of the book seems a little forced, but the final few chapters more than compensate for its early inconsistency of tone.  The ending is very compelling; leading to many questioning of identities and realizations of true character.  The end of the novel will sure to bring many shocked expressions...not only because of the additional loss for our hero, Harry, but because of the decisions he and his friends make as the final pages close; decisions that will not only affect the next book but their education, their careers, and even their own mortality.<br/><br/>Overall, the book is equally as enjoyable as the previous books in the series.  Harry has lost the annoying temper-tantrums of "Order of the Phoenix" and has learned to stand up for himself in a more mature, pertinent way.  Some of the characters remain underdeveloped and seem to contribute little to the story, such as the new professor, but they are enjoyable non the less.  It is surprising how little of the story actually takes place in the classrooms...most of the plot takes place either on the Quidditch field or in the Grifindor common room.  Many of the characters are surprisingly ignored for much of the book (including Hagrid, Draco, and many of Harry's other teachers), but the main few old strongholds still shine brightly.  Some characters blossom into wonderful personalities never previously explored in the other books.  Without saying, this is an obvious must read for all Harry Potter fans...but I can not help but feel that there was some part of the magic missing from the previous books.
 I really expected this book to be mind-blowingly explosive; even the first chapter implied I was in for a bumpy ride - but how mistaken was I!<br/><br/>HPaHBP fell far below my expectations. The book, in essence, simply tells Voldemorts story in a series of flashbacks that are intertwined with various high-school crushes from the various main characters.<br/><br/>Voldemort's story was the most interesting part of the book that made me want to turn each page to learn more. However, the whole school romance part simply did play well with me. It seemed to bog the story down, and at one point, I merely skipped pages dealing with it. Draco's plot was interesting but highly predictable - which is what much of the HP story is now becoming.<br/><br/>It is also apparent that Ms Rowling regurgitates information so badly that much of the plot that should move at a speedy pace towards the end of the book, gets bogged down in repeating the events that transpired mere pages before. This book could have done without 200 pages easily.<br/><br/>A word of caution to parents as well, I found the use of the word 'slut' in the text to be a particular cause for concern. I can't imagine how some parents are going to explain this word to their young children. Also, Harry and Ron "swear" quite a bit and use obscene "hand gestures." Totally, unneeded in a children's book, I believe.
 Although I enjoyed all five of the previous Harry Potter installments, I can't say the same for Half-Blood Prince. It left me disappointed. Why? I suppose part of the issue is that the plot isn't very interesting or convincing.<br/>  For instance, we have Harry and Dumbledore exploring Voldemort's memories.  The information in those memories (except for the one with Slughorn in it) could have been relayed by Dumbledore to Harry in a matter of minutes. Moreover, while the meeting between Voldemort and Dumbledore was absolutely riveting, I feel a more exciting and logical plot choice would have been Dumbledore giving Harry Defense against the Dark Arts training (ex.using wandless magic), or by teaching Harry to be an Animagus. Both of those skills would have proven useful in Harry's hunt for Horcruxes the following year.<br/>  Second, the romance sub-plots are poorly handled. As many reviewers have noted, Harry's love for Ginny comes out of nowhere. At no point in the past five books has he shown any romantic feelings for her. In addition, their relationship lacks chemistry.  Although Harry and Ginny clearly like each other, it's made clear why. It doesn't help that Ginny's character is barely fleshed out. Likewise, the Ron-Hermione subplot is bungled. The set-up here is that Ron dates Lavender, in the face of Hermione's clear disapproval. Even granting that Ron is rather insensitive, this seems like an incredibly bizarre move. Admittedly, it's implied that he wants to make Hermione jealous. But if so, why didn't he simply ask her out? All in all, I think Rowling should have kept the romantic content to a minimum, much like she did in Order of the Phoenix.<br/>  But perhaps she was simply trying to make the book longer. This leads me to my next point. Why was so little focus devoted to Snape's Defense Against the Dark Arts classes? We've been told countless times that Snape desires the job. In this book he finally gets it...and his classes are almost entirely ignored. The first lesson is described, and we briefly witness a class where Snape and Harry argue about Inferi. I do understand why Snape got the post (he was going to leave the end of the year anyway), but in my view this represents a major missed opportunity. We never really saw Snape's teaching methods, or how Harry acquitted himself in his strongest subject when it was taught by his old enemy.<br/>Fourth, we barely hear anything about the war. I know the story takes place from Harry's point of view, and that's he's safe within the walls of Hogwarts, but there's still a lot of potential for conflict. What about a Death Eater raid on the school (using the passage that begins in Hogsmeade), or a kidnapping of Harry, or just getting some more newspaper updates? Any of these things would have been fine. At least in Book 5 we had the Ministry of Magic and Umbridge's overbearing hostility to hold our interest. Now this element of conflict has gone, and it hasn't really been replaced. True, there is Malfoy's scheme, but that's not enough.<br/>The fifth problem is Harry's lack of intelligence with regard to Malfoy's scheme. Throughout the year, Harry is presented with several deductive and physical opportunities to expose Malfoy. For example, he could force Malfoy to show his Dark Mark to McGonagall or Dumbledore, which would likely get Malfoy suspended. Or he could ask the Room of Requirements `I need the room where you can hide things.' This doesn't seem like a stretch: Malfoy is clearly working on something inside the Room, so he would need to hide it. But Harry doesn't take the opportunities, and he never figures out what Malfoy is up to. Surely he can do better. What happened to the Harry from Book 2, who did so much to unravel the mystery of the Chamber of Secrets? On balance, therefore, it seems like Harry's intelligence was significantly downgraded in the Half-Blood Prince. I suppose the author reasoned that greater competence on Harry's part would have prevented the climax of the book from happening. Yet as much as I enjoyed the climax, this doesn't justify the character alteration. It would have been simpler to have Harry not get on Malfoy's case at all.<br/>  Still, credit goes to where it's due. The whole Malfoy-Dumbledore-Snape mystery is very clever, although burdened by the problem I mentioned above. I particularly enjoyed Snape's defense against Bellatrix's suspicions. Rowling does a terrific job of keeping us in suspense as to where Snape's true loyalty lies. As for the author's prose, it leaves nothing to be desired: I found it subtle, witty, and detailed. She has come a long way since the relatively pedestrian prose of Sorcerer's Stone, so well done in this respect.  Professor Slughorn is a welcome character addition, giving much-needed nuance to Slytherin. And there are times when the story soars, such as the first two chapters, the quest for the locket, and Dumbledore's death.<br/>  Overall though, the Half-Blood Prince is a largely bland, clumsy, effort. I recommend reading it if you're planning to move on to Deathly Hallows afterwards. Otherwise, it's not worth the time and money.
 For me, it's always been about Goblet of Fire. That was, to me, the best book, hands down. Even after I read Half-Blood Prince the first time, I still thought Goblet was just a little better. No more. Having read it a second time, having gone through it slower and really, really enjoying it, I've changed my mind. HALF-BLOOD PRINCE IS THE BEST HARRY POTTER BOOK SO FAR!<br/><br/>Man, is it good! Her dialogue is spot on, her characterization is so good, the plotting is tight, the narrative flowing, and it never lets up. Never have we really gotten into so many characters' hearts. And this book hurts. It will break your heart.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is what books are all about!
 The wizarding world is in turmoil as Harry learns more about the many dangers now present in the newest addition to the Harry Potter series. This one is the best, personally, among the six books becasue of the flawless writing and the emotional territories it explores as the reader races through the pages.<br/><br/>The wizarding world is now chaotic as Harry enters his sixth year. Dumbledore, the very figment of permanence in Harry's life, has been weakened by the events in the previous year. Voldemort's forces though, has grown stronger so there is no time to waste for Harry. He gets lessons with Dumbledore to get to know Tom Riddle, the boy who became Voldemort, and discover his story and ultimately, learn how to over power him.<br/><br/>Rowling still has his touch as she showcases a more mature Harry. She has acheived a consistency with the book in terms  of the world she invented but yet she has changed the characters in ways that convince us that they have indeed growing up. She writes with detail and exposition that makes us believe that Hogwarts exists.She indeed has a rare talent and in this book, she noticeable gets better in what she does, which is bringing Harry to life.<br/><br/>The very theme of death is very nicely done. The many deaths of characters, both side or main characters, come up in this dark tale. We realize that even the most permanent figures in Harry's life don't live forever. They die, as we see in the death of the headmaster, Dumbledore, showing that everyone isn't safe. The reminder of their mortality is done here, making the story more perilous and exciting as ever.<br/><br/>The territories this book explores is also a welcome process while reading the book. The much more adult themes of loss, despair, death, and love all mingle beautifully as the wizarding world is tested. The emotions that are being evoked in this book gave me goosebumps, especially towards the end of the book. The closing was done impeccably and excellently paves the way for the seventh, where everything ends.<br/><br/>The plot also has improved. The scope of everything increases dramatically in this book. Everything connects with the previous books as things from the past gets explained while more is introduced. The many creatures, events, the very science and history that Rowling created all meld together and make perfect sense in relation to everything that is happening in this book. The dangers are so real and the emotions, so raw, this book is a must read. There are no words to describe how well done this one is. Surely, book 6 will be a tough one to top so lets hope that book seven will be as good, if not better, than this one.
 I really have enjoyed listening to these books.  I read them years ago and I love that I can listen to them on my commute to and from work.
 Rowling cranks it up a notch in this latest episode of the Harry Potter series. Harry has a lot of growing up to do--and he's got to do it fast. Suddenly, Professor Dumbledore is relating to him almost as an equal, and invites Harry's help in thwarting Lord Voldemort's plans. All the usual cast of characters are here, with new potentials and connections. Harry finds out that he's fallen in love--or always had been in love and didn't know it. There is a stunning conclusion which includes the unmasking of a villain and the death of a major character, but I'll leave it to others or the book itself to tell more. If you've been enjoying this series and haven't read this one yet, what are you waiting for?
 I picked this book up at midnight, I have to admit (I wasn't planning on it, but my friends and I had nothing better to do). When I went home, dead tired, I cracked open the first page to read before falling to sleep. The fall never came. I had to keep reading. It's just the way Rowling writes; I have to keep going, to find out what's just around the corner. Well, 3 days later I'd finished. And I sat, looking at nothing in particular, and realizing that I wasn't satisfied. This book left a bad taste in my mouth.<br/><br/>It's all still here: the world of wizards and muggles, harry and the gang, classes, quidditch, hogsmeade and so on, but it just isn't as compelling as it used to be. Maybe that's what J.K. meant to do--belittle everything else to show how nothing's the same since Voldemort returned. But in place of the old subjects used, I found none as interesting or urgent for that matter. There was no real mystery in this installment. We knew Malfoy and Snape were going to turn by the end, and, honestly, that *spoiler* Dumbledore was going to die. Where was the mystery in it all? I once read a review saying "she's not so much a fantasy writer as a good mystery writer", and that's true. Take the mystery out of Harry Potter, and it becomes very, very bland.<br/><br/>Phoenix had the ongoing mysteries of what Voldemort was doing, and what that damned door was all about. And length has nothing to do with the good mysteries. Even Sorcerer's Stone had a compelling story of why the trapdoor was guarded so. And in the meantime, we had many other topics to tide us over when the mysteries went on the back burner. Fights with the Slytherins, the OWLs, the DA, magical tournaments, the Forbidden Forest, Hagrid's antics, insight into the teachers' lives, illegal potions and nighttime adventures. There are none of these to occupy you in the Prince; no adventure or action. Not for long anyway.<br/><br/>The Slug Club is quickly disbanded. Harry, once again, gets banned from Quidditch. The only real action/adventure is the ending itself. Even the greatest, possibly only, mystery in the book isn't that compelling. The Half-Blood Prince. Some spells and help with his Potions class... it has next to no other effect on Harry.<br/><br/>That's not to say that the book is bad. It's still better than a lot of the books out there, and still extremely well-written (Rowling seems to be able to write perfectly, effortlessly). In fact, it really picks up in a some chapters, especially the last few. Parts involving students' love lives are also enjoyable, and contain some of the only humor in this somewhat subdued book. And the private revelations with Dumbledore are very interesting, if a bit long-winded. These great parts just aren't frequent enough. I said before, I had to find out what was just around the corner. Well, there's not a lot around it, be you WILL keep looking, and when it comes, you'll get that great feeling in your gut and smile, despite how horrible it the subject may be.<br/><br/>I guess what I'm trying to say here is that, The Half-Blood Prince is still a great book. It's still Harry, Ron and Hermione doing their thing. It's still classes, squabbles and teenage angst. It's just not on par with the other Potter outings, especially the amazing read in the previous Order of the Phoenix.<br/><br/>While the sixth Harry Potter book is a fun read consistent in quality with its five predecessors, it is also the most dissatisfying. This has less to do with what happens in the book as what doesn't happen: we don't get a real resolution.<br/><br/>As Book Six opens, Harry is mourning the loss of his godfather Sirius Black, Voldemort is beginning to strike more boldly at his adversaries and Severus Snape is making a promise to protect Draco Malfoy as Harry's adversary is recruited to do some malicious task for Voldemort's Death Eaters. Dumbledore, a significant yet secondary character, finally emerges fully from the background as he begins to assist in Harry's education.<br/><br/>While a lot happens in this novel, it is not a "complete" book with a real conclusion. Instead, this book seems to serve as an extended prologue to the seventh book; everything within seems to build toward that concluding volume, one which I would guess would be the longest in the set. While nearly as good as the other books, there are times when Rowling is definitely off her game; in particular, the mystery of the Half-Blood Prince is rather anticlimactic when solved.<br/><br/>On the other hand, for those irritated with Harry's behavior in the previous book (wherein he often acts like a sullen teenager), we get an improved Harry in this volume, by no means perfect but generally more confident and mature. However, while the other five books would rate five stars, I can only give this one four. Consider this grade an "Incomplete"; when we see the final result next book, maybe this one will seem better as it fits into the entire saga.
 My favorite Harry Potter book is the "Goblet of Fire." Up to that point the tension and suspense was building pitch perfect. After the fourth book I was slightly disappointed by the "Order of the Phoenix." I secretly, hoped that I was missing the point of the last two books; like Rowling is leading me down another blind alley that will ultimately surprise me, like she's been able to do with the other books. However, I think her writing, pacing, character development and plot has slipped, just a tad. The "Half Blood Prince" doesn't build like the other books and the ending is something that I can't quite accept, reminds of when Gandalf is killed at the end of "The Fellowship of the Ring," I hope. I'll follow J.K. Rowling to the last book but the seven volume series seems to much a strain for even the best fantasy and science fiction writers, like  the "Dune" series or Stephen King's "Dark Tower"( boy was that a let down). I have been blown away by the first four books, genuinely suspenseful and charmingly funny, Ron gets a lot of good one-liners. I'm not sure if I should break each critique down and analyze how it seems slightly off; some other reviews brought up the anti-climax with Voldermort and how there is no real show down or action in the "Half Blood Prince." I'll leave it there and hope the Final installment is strong enough to over come some of my slight disappointment - the books are still really great anyway, just not up to the level of the previous books.
 the magic we found in the first four books is sadly missing here - as it was in the order of the phoenix.<br/><br/>as a reviewer has already noted it was the dursleys, quiddich, the new defense against dark arts teacher, the pranks of the weasley twins, hagrids "pets", voldermot and the dark arts, the unpredictable twist in the end and the suspense, which made up most of the fun in the first 4 harry potters.<br/><br/>but how much of these are there in the new installment?<br/><br/>the book is dominated by flashbacks into voldermort's early life - which is very very interesting. but that alone cannot sustain the magic.<br/><br/>and i wouldnt be surprised in dumbledore turns up alive later or that snape is still worthy of dumbledore's trust.<br/><br/>but given the stage in the evolution of the story/plot, i guess for jkr there was no other way out. could she have made the story more interesting? dunno. but for the pleasure she gave us in the first four, i give her the benefit of doubt.<br/><br/>looking forward to the next one.
 I am really impressed with this series. Usually i read "Grown up" fantasy books like Jordan, Goodkind and GRR Martin - but Harry Potter has certainly been an appreciated diversion. Its been so long sine I was a child and believed in magic but J.K. Rowlings brings me back to that more innocent time. I am not going to review the plot - there are over 1500 reviews for that - I just wanted to Thank Mrs. Rowling's for doing something that should have been done a long time ago. It may sound kind of strange - but i almost feel like i have attended Hogwarts. As i read these books i was in a new city away from my friends and going to law school. I know its not quite the same... but anyone who has ever studied law knows that there is a lot of strange words  usually Latin] and scary professors galore. I swear my administrative law professor is the spitting image of professor Umbridge, and my contracts prof. is Snape re-incarnated... Maybe its just how great of storyteller Rowlings is that makes me believe...Thankfully, soon I will be done law school, but sadly, someday, this series will come to an end.<br/><br/>I highly suggest reading it - the first book is almost a children's book, but they grow darker as time goes on.  not unlike real life]Anyone who reads fantasy and does not read these books is a disgrace to the genre. I place this series with Tolkien, Dragonlance, and the Song of Ice and Fire.<br/><br/>Thanks Mrs. Rowlings! And Thanks Harry!<br/><br/>Relic113
 While this book is every bit as satisfying as any of the others, specifically Goblet &amp; Order, the 'fat potter books' it is still a prelude, JK sets up the chess pieces for the no doubt brilliant and  reveiling finale.  I love the darker humor, romance, and more mature feel that it has.  I am 15 and love this series (love the dark tower series by Stephen King) although sometimes i squirm when i read the first two (azkaban was way better) although it had to be done, and certainly appeals to younger people, (notably me 5 years ago.)  Harry &amp; company face many more troubles coming this year, although you have to think that less time is spent in the classrooms because she is much more focused toward the plot than novelty these days, and anyway, if you have read the end you will know it doesn't much matter.  She still has much to learn, coming from a Steve King fanatic who reads all his works, I should know that it couldn't hurt for a bit more character development.  The books are almost entirely plot based.  Not that I am complaining, rather, it is the reason that I read all day second I got it in the mail, and stayed up until 2:00 am to finish it. Indeed, i woke up at 4 with a migraine because of the dang plot.... Anyways it makes you feel that much more emotional when a character dies, and it will be interesting to see how THAT particular death pans out, yes indeed..  While I would give every Potter book five stars this still is inferior to Order.  I relish every extra page Rowling gives us, and this proved to be leaner book, because it was more focused toward getting you to a certain point.  So like the heading says, this book excells at getting us wherever it is this great author wants us to go.
 My significant other read this one before me, so we were discussing parts of the book as I read it. During the course of these discussions, we have renamed the book, "Harry Potter and the Year that Nothing Much Happens...until the END!"<br/><br/>Don't get me wrong, this latest installment in the Harry Potter series is still a well written and engaging novel. It's just that the story does not move along with the same energy as most of the earlier novels. The characters are still well developed and the history that we are presented with in this volume is very interesting as well. I just feel that I could have done with a lot less snogging and lot more actual events.<br/><br/>I'm not going to ruin any of the twists in this book by going into too much detail, but suffice it to say that I did feel that this was a decent book, it just left me feeling a bit cheated and wanting for a bit more out of it.<br/><br/>Oh well, not everything can be a home-run!
 Harry, Ron and Hermione have all passed there O.W.L. (owl=ordinary wizards level) examns and are now in their sixth and one-but-last year of Hogwarts School of Wizardry and Witchcraft. Harry is Captain of the Quidditch team, Ron and Hermione are prefects, but life is not perfect: there is trouble with love, but the main problem is that the dark forces are getting stronger and stronger, so much so that they even threaten the students inside Hogwarts. Dumbledore helps Harry to get a better idea about the life and peculiarities of Lord Voldemort, but in the end Harry is left alone with his friends to fight off the evil forces.<br/><br/>Even though the Harry Potter books are less surprising than in the beginning (one cannot go on endlessly inviting new and exiting games and gadgets), it is still a very solid book with no loose ends left after the grand finale. Maybe the start of the book is a little bit slow, but I am sure that we will need all the information when Harry tries to defeat Lord Voldemort permanently in book 7.
 This book really gets you on all levels of emotion.  There's new teachers for potions and defense against the dark arts, lots of surprises from Dumbledore, and a lot of laughs.  The ending was a little unsettling, but fantastic all the same.  I'll tell you, however, that the half-blood prince's identity will shock and amaze you, you'll get to know a really neat side of Draco Malfoy, even respect him in a way.  The one who dies in the end, however, will really wrench at your heart, though.  I won't tell you who kills who or who dies, but the half-blood prince has a lot to do with everything.  I will admit however I have a hard time believing Snape's actions at the end.  It doesn't quite fit entirely with what he did in the fifth book, and maybe even some of the other books.<br/><br/>I do have to say, though, enjoy!  It's worth every penny and minute you spend reading it.  I couldn't even put it down.  The only question it leaves me is when is that seventh book coming out?
 You'll just torture yourself, because at best you won't be able to read Book 7 to fill all the gaping holes that are desperate to be filled, and at worst you will end up like me- deciding that the book sucks because the plot simply becomes way too obvious and/or stupid.<br/><br/>It's hard to go into more without giving everything away (as if everyone in the world hasn't read this by now), but let's just say that some of Rowling's plot choices leave me thinking she's either incredibly clever with what will happen in Book 7, or she's dried up her creativity and just resolved everything into what can only be described as "lame". Wit, mystery, and drama (a sense of not knowing what's next) have been replaced with Castlevania 2 "gotta collect all the body parts together" foolishness (those of you who have read the book will know what I'm talking about re: holocruxes). The chapter where Dumbledore talks about love (yet AGAIN) is dreadfully tiresome, and leaves me wondering how such a learned and wise man can suddenly have the speech pattern of jello. Random people are being killed off with no rhyme or reason to any of it. The person who we were told there was a reason why he couldn't possibly betray anyone suddenly betrays everyone. We're told by a character that a certain person became a Death Eater, nobody believes said person, and then it turns out to be bluntly true. And a person who's supposed to be the smartest and strongest in the world ends up becoming dumber then a rock.<br/><br/>The most annoying thing about Harry Potter at this point is the fact that everyone's going to buy this book and the next one anyway, regardless of how good they are. But I'm really starting to feel like HP has turned into either the Star Wars prequel trilogy or the Matrix trilogy. A really great thing that's been slowly turned into crap, but nobody cares because the first ones are so good and people are so wrapped into it that they will keep on buying anyway.<br/><br/>Please god let book 7 not suck as much as this one did.
 "Harry Potter and the Half Blood-Prince" is a very different sort of book from the five earlier volumes in the series.  The quality of the writing is on the same high level that we have come to expect from Rowling, but the mood is far darker and the violence is much more prominent.  It seems to me that each of the last five books has been more grim and less delightfully magical than the one before, and the contrast between the first and sixth book is striking.  In this newest of the Harry Potter books, you will find little if any of the wonderfully charming magic of the Hogwarts Express leaving from Platform Nine and Three Quarters, or the morning delivery of mail by owls, or the giant Hagrid who has the strength of an elephant and the innocence of a babe.  When I finished this book, I felt as though Rowling had pulled the rug out from under me, because the betrayal and death that ended the story are so starkly brutal.  I wonder how a movie can be made from this without a PG-13 rating.  This one is not for small children.
 This book felt a bit like a pause until. the last 3rd.  So excited to read the last! Can't wait to see how it all ends.
 The Harry Potter series may have started as books for the younger set but grew up with the children that started reading them (both in content and size). Some authors are just better than others in telling a story and J. K. Rowling is among the best. Harry Potter and the Half-blood Prince is the sixth, and next to last, book in the series. While the movies are very good, as they progressed through the series, it became impossible to include everything in one film and quite a bit had to be cut. I think they probably did as good a job as they could, but I believe most readers will say that some of the best parts of the books did not make it to the big screen.
 The Dark Side grows stronger as Harry begins the second to last year of his time at Hogwarts, and possibly his life.  The Death Eaters are winning the war so far and Harry and Dumbledore must figure out how to defeat Lord Voldemort.  This book is by far the darkest in the series, though it will probably be nothing compared to Book 7.  During this book, Malfoy takes his father's place as a Death Eater but soon finds himself in way over his head.  I believe that he will join the good side eventually, but that's just me.  Many different couples fall in and out of love, but the most notible is the obvious romantic tension between Ron and Hermione that overshadows everything.  A new type of fearsome enemy is introduced: Inferi, which are basically zombies revived by magic.<br/><br/>Be warned: the ending of the book is extremely sad.  Something happens that I didn't expect until the end of book 7 and I am still in shock over it.  Like in Revenge of the Sith, there is an overwhelming sense of betrayal present in this book.  With one act, Snape answers the lingering question of whose side he is really on once and for all.  Even the most hardened and masculine Harry Potter fans will be left in tears over what happens.  The ending sets the stage perfectly for the last - and darkest - Harry Potter book of all.
 After the overlong drudgery that was Order of the Phoenix I was dreading HBP, expecting it to be yet another exersize in tedium. How surprised I was to learn that not only does it hardly ever break the pace, but it is also considerably shorter than OotP, which was crippled by its length.<br/><br/>After a quick set-up in a couple of breezy, but informative, chapters Harry is on his way to Hogwarts once more and, as usual, his year will be made up of classes, Quidditch, girls and fighting the dark side. This is now the SIXTH time JK Rowling has given us this formula and it's beginning to get quite stale now, superior to OotP or not. There are still quite a lot of new features to this book though as Harry continues to learn and meet new people. I just wish it would do something radically different instead of sticking to the usual template.<br/><br/>Rowling's narrative techniques are becoming more apparent, but while they are most unsubtle they do get the job done and I did want to keep reading. Some extraenous scenes of Harry in class could have been snipped away though.<br/><br/>My predictions of who the Half-Blood Prince was may have been totally incorrect but I knew who Rowling was going to kill off. It's just so obvious that she's wants to deal this one last ace before reaching the final book. But still, I guess that this doesn't make it any less entertaining. Which means that the book is just more or less a pot-boiler.<br/><br/>My fave teacher will always be Hagrid. But this book introduces a fun new retired Professor called Horace Slughorn. I do wish we had teachers like this when I was at school (not magic ones), as most of them didn't give a damn about the students. And before you crucify me, I still think Snape is a good guy. No matter what he does, no matter how many punishments he gives Harry or turns a blind eye to Malfoy I still think he's cool.<br/><br/>There's loads of stuff left unexplained in the book, which is kind of a tease. But no matter how crude Rowling's methods may sometimes be, it still works and I still want the final book right NOW. But I like to be the Deluxe Editions and they always come out a few months after the ordinary hardback. So I'll have to wait longer than the rest of you.
 Harry Potter is about a world very different from our own.  His life and the life of all at Hogwarts and the Wizarding world is the treasure that rowling has tapped into for books one through 4.  Yule balls, Quiditch world cup, owlerys and greenhouses.  Book 5 takes those out of the story and fills you with dreams and useless repetition.<br/><br/>Book 6 falls shorter than 5.  All the festivities are gone except some forced comments about the quiditch season that in the end contribute nothing to the story and bring no joy either.  Questions, still outstanding from book 4 (possibly the best of the series) are still unanswered.  We have Peter Pettigrew in debt to Harry but not showing any sign of it.  We have a Dumbledore, rock solid for five books and then we find that he has been, quite honestly, the most misguided, frankly stupid, character yet by making a huge mistake in judgment.  The only hope is that these loose ends, (assuming the first four books are a magnificent tapestry, a beautiful story woven by rowling, the fifth book and unfinshed fray at the end of the masterpiece and now the sixth, a ball of knots and tangles, adding nothing to the beauty of the piece but making the end more complicated and somehow so vague there is no direction at all), the knots and unfortunate snags, can be somehow brought back.<br/><br/>Sadly the book which could have been another glorious read that one could pick up again and again, is now just a source for hope for harry fans that the final chapter of the story will be so powerful that we can all forget the fifth and sixth books.<br/><br/>Lastly I want to say that it is not the drama of certain death in one of the characters that is most sad, this character has been to sheltered to have been a dear one in the most genuine way.  The death is shocking but JK did so little with the character to end up pulling your heart strings, not unlike the way her last great character was killed in the order of the pheonix, in the end the sadest part for me was that JK killed the character off having never given the character justice, never making it as human and captivating as it certainly could have been.<br/><br/>Too much of harry's thoughts, not enough supporting characters lending themselves to the story line and not enough of the simple festivities such as Halloween Feasts, that made the books great.  All apart from any other books this story is worthless and severly undeveloped where the first four could have stood alone as worth while stories.  Let as all hope that the final book isn't as much of a blunder as this and lives up to the glory that Harry Potter reminds us of.
 "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Price" is a page turner and very much withstands the hype that was put into this book. In this story we find new loves, hatreds being played out, and get to find out, truely at the character's heart, what character is on what side.  This time around we find that the world of Harry Potter has become darker and more bleak.  Within coming adulthood we find Harry going to school once again to find things going crazy.  But by the end of the book Harry finds some new enemies and possibly a new ally in an unlikely person, who harry thought was an evil person.<br/><br/>  Many characters come and go throughout this book,  although I can say who or what happens to the without telling everyone the story.  However, by the end of the book the stage is set for a final confrintation between Harry and Voldermort.
 "Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince" was exciting, and even more of a page-turner then the other books in the Harry Potter series.  The feeling of suspense never dies, and Quidditch is at a minimum, which is always good.  The climax is nerve-wracking and dream-like, but never confusing.  Every douse of excitement injected into this story was executed masterfully, proving beyond any reasonable doubt that J. K. Rowling is the Queen of fiction.<br/><br/>This book is touching--every little storyline intricately woven into this tale creates within the reader a deep care for even the lesser characters, and a undying friendship with the bigger characters.  The love stories in this book are not overboard, as some people say, but tasteful and no where near overkill.  Sadly, we also knew that a death was coming--the most tragic one yet.  The death of this character (whom I will not mention) is the biggest tear jerker of the series, and I wouldn't be surprised if my copy of Half Blood Prince is now as tear stained as a letter from the weeping Hagrid.<br/><br/>J. K. Rowling has also created three classic characters, other then the perfect trio of Harry, Ron, and Hermione:<br/>Dumbledore is classic, original, and the greatest "old, wise wizard" character of all time.  He speaks with wisdom, light-heartedness, and sincerity above all the other characters.<br/>Snape is rude, tortured, and the most complex character of the entire series.  We STILL don't know what motivates him, and where his true loyalty lies.<br/>Voldemort is the direct opposite of Dumbledore, and serves as the most fear-enticing villain I've ever read.<br/><br/>Simply, no other current series can compare to Harry Potter, and this is the best book of the series.  Believe the hype.<br/><br/>10/10  Classic.
 Book 6<br/><br/>I started reading this series when I was in second grade.  As I grew up, Rowling grew as a writer.  It seems that she is being overcome by her own creation.  She works her usual magic in Book 6, make no mistake, it's fantastic, but the book seems unfinished.  I was on cruise control for the first 500 pages, caught up in the usual mix of witchcraft and wizardry.  However, the ending emmed rushed.  You can't help but think Rowling is building up to Book 7.  Aside from the last 150 pages, this book is filler.  Rowling gives it life though her prose prowess, but I couldn't escape the feeling nothing was happening.  Much is being made of the ending, and rightfully so, its really sad, in a, "WHAT DO YOU MEAN, ***** KILLED *********!" way.  However, aside from the death of one prominent character, the bfook ends as it begins.  It is an entertaining advertisement for Book 7.  However, unless Book 7 happens to be 2000 pages long, I don't see how Rowling will include the capture of the 4 parts of Voldemort's soul, as well as the final battle.  Maybe I'm just anxious to know what's going to happen, but she should have included some of that in Book 6.  All-in-All, Book 6 is a very entertaing book, but I couldn't help but think that it had more backstory than story.
 I just finished the Half-Blood Prince, about 24 hours after it came out.  I am sitting here dumbfounded, because part of me feels like it was my favorite book yet, but the other part of me is still so upset and even slightly angry that I am having a hard time writing an objective review.<br/><br/>The story unfolds with a special flair in the first 4 or so chapters that make this book unlike the others, not following the same set-up as before.  Harry's life starts looking good quickly, and the book picks up speed, puncuated with some truly halarious moments with the Weasleys (Fred and George's shop, for example).<br/><br/>Harry is the truly lovable part about this book, because he has grown and healed so much since the last book.  He is truly growing up, becoming wise, becoming powerful.  He has helpless moments, and a few insights he does not understand, but he has really become the main player of the game, now, not just along for the ride.  Dumbledore is in this story more than any other, and he is quite wonderful, as you might imagine, treating Harry as an equal, perhaps more like a partner.<br/><br/>My favorite part in the book is on page 578.  I was affected by this scene as I was by no other in any of the books.  Dumbledore's verbal acknowledgement of Harry as a partner, a valuable and powerful wizard tugs the heartstrings as Rowling knew it would.<br/><br/>The conclusion of the book is jam-packed with surprises and horror-filled events, but I know that in the scheme of the storyline, it all had to happen, I'm sure.  I think that Rowling is foretelling something on page 645 when she mentions all the people that stood in front of Harry.  I know she says that there is a purpose that Sirius had to die, so the horrors of this book must have a purpose, too.<br/><br/>It is wonderful, and horrible.  I'm sure that is what Rowling hoped we would think when we finished, so, for that, I say WELL DONE!
 Forgive me, diehard fans, for this lukewarm review. I am one of those millions who got the book early on the 16th and read it through in one sitting. Just this past week I had reread Order of the Phoenix before I read Half Blood Prince. If I were to compare the two, I would say that this sixth book does not live up to the wonderful insights and drama of the fifth book, nor even of the first book. One of the most special things I valued about the fifth and first and each book was that there was an insight to each that made each so worthwhile. For instance, the first book gave the insight that the power of love, sounds corny, doesn't it, the power of love is so life affirming that it can deflect death. We learned in the second book that noble, unselfish acts can lead to resurrection. The third book taught us that friendship's bonds are the strongest, and the fourth taught us that unselfish acts will always be rewarded. Last but not least, the fifth book taught that being human and making mistakes does not mean being unloveable. In my mind, at least, the sixth book does not bring any new insights to these revelations, but reiterates what we already have learned. Dumbledore once again tells Harry that his mother's sacrifice through her love is what keeps Harry protected. Once again, Harry and his friends behave like teenagers, with their growing of age pains. Also detracting from the book were the subplots of infatuations. One of them was not delineated too well, and appeared to be an afterthought. Another was not delineated enough, and therefore the rational for this pairing was not clear. To me, the inclusion of episodes where there is lots of "kissing" seems to be out of place. Yes, we know these are teenagers with raging hormones, but the details of their displays of affection are too public. Most problematic to me was the death of a "major character". While it did add to Harry's  growing character development, it seemed to service the plot too much and was predictable. After thinking it over, I realized that this chapter was taken right out of Star Wars. The plot of the seventh book is now outlined for us, and appears to be predictable as well. Harry's eventual romantic partner was a given way back in the second book. Even though we knew that Harry and Voldemort eventually must face each other, in earlier books at least we were given clever writing and valuable insights that brought tears to our eyes. As far as the writing is concerned, I found several paragraphs which were contradictory, as though a typographical error was included by mistake.<br/><br/>Perhaps this book was meant to be a bridge between Harry's dependency on others' strength of the first five, and the realization of his own strength that will be the mainstay of the seventh book. If that is the case, then it is very worthwhile and serviceable.<br/><br/>I waited a long time for this book and I eagerly looked forward to it but I was somewhat disappointed because I expected new insights and surprises that were not there. I will do the same with the seventh book because I believe that the possibility is more than likely that they will be there.
 Each book in the Harry Potter series continues to build the thrilling and exciting story of a young boy facing the reality of growing up and having to confront the loss of loved ones and the need for true friends. This book describes how Harry matures and learns what he must do to stop "he who not be named". Again J.K. Rowling continues to deliver a magical story that kept me totally enthralled on every page I read.
 Nothing much has changed around Hogwarts: They have a new professor and a new Defense Against the Dark Arts instructor.  Hagrid is still playing with his blast-ended screwts.  Dobby is as loyal to Harry as ever, and Kreacher is as big a pain as ever.  Harry is still the star Seeker on his house's team, and Ron is still having a crisis of confidence as the team's Keeper.  Malfoy is still malevolent, Harry still suspects Professor Snape of treachery, and Professor Dumbledore still trusts Snape completely.<br/><br/>Everything has changed around Hogwarts.  Harry has fewer childish escapades.  His conflict with Malfoy takes a sinister direction.  With the help of the Half Blood Prince, Harry begins to excel at Potions.  Student mishaps around Hogwarts become more common and more deadly.  The world grows darker as Lord Voldemort waxes stronger and stronger and kills more and more witches and wizards.  Dumbledore, who's beginning to show his age, starts giving Harry private lessons.  Bertie Botts' Every Flavor Beans are nowhere to be found.<br/><br/>"The Order of the Phoenix" revealed that Harry was destined to meet Voldemort in a conflict which only one of them could survive.  In "The Half Blood Prince" Harry begins to learn what he must do in order to have any hope of winning.<br/><br/>"The Sorcerer's Stone" was a light-hearted romp.  The saga took a somewhat sinister turn in "The Chamber of Secrets," and in "The Prisoner of Azkaban" it became downright gloomy.  Each succeeding installment of the saga has been darker than its predecessor, and "The Half Blood Prince" is darkest of all.  You might even say that "Half Blood Prince" is to the Potter saga what "The Empire Strikes Back" was to the Star Wars saga.  Dedicated Potter fan will come away from the book impatient for the final installment to wash away the gloom of the penultimate installment.<br/><br/>I haven't given more than passing consideration to Rowling's sources, but I think the discerning reader can see some indebtedness to previous writers of fantasy.  The names of the characters put one in mind of Bunyan's "Pilgrim's Progress."  Although Rowling isn't quite as heavy-handed as Bunyan in naming her characters, the names often give us insight into who the characters are.  E.g.  Deloris Umbridge takes great umbrage at the lest infraction of the rules.  Professor Lupin is a werewolf.  The Malfoy family is certainly malevolent.  Harry is sure that Professor Snape is a Snake.  The name-fits-personality pattern does not apply to all the characters.  Only one of the Weasleys is a weasel.  The wizard school has already been done in at least two fantasy series: "A Wizard of Earthsea" and "The Black Cauldron."  Harry struggles to get piecemeal clues about his identity and his fate much as Corwin does in the "Chronicles of Amber."  Children thrown into an unfamiliar magical world has already been done in "Alice in Wonderland" and "The Chronicles of Narnia."  Finally, Voldemort bears a more than passing resemblance to Sauron of "The Lord of the Rings," while Dumbledore looks more and more like Gandalf with each succeeding book.<br/><br/>Rowling has nicely set up the final installment, and her legion of fans will await it with bated breath and more than a little trepidation as to whether the good guys can win. In most of the fantasy series I've mentioned, readers never waver in their conviction that good will triumph.  The way things have been going in the last three books, I have grave doubt about how happy an ending Rowling will craft.
 I never read the books before the movies came out and am finally getting around to it now.  Even after seeing these movies a million times, I can't put the books down!  So much better than the movies and, even though I knew the general outcome of the story, it was still an emotional roller coaster!
 this being the 6 book of the harry potter series and me being a big  fan i was so eager and counting down each day til it came out and when the time for it came i was celebrating all day counting down the hours til it came out and then there i was in line waiting to get it and finally got it and started to read it right away and i loved it right away just like i love all the harry potter books this  still has the funness in it but it shows all of them growing up and the problems of teens but also the threat more so of voldemort getting stronger and harry's private lessons with dumbledore,a new potions teacher,and the moment of after months of waiting to find out who the half blood prince and the death of a major character so this book is def worth buying i support harry potter all the way only book series for me.
 I've always enjoyed all the Harry Potter books and movies. I know that Harry Potter is greatly loved and cherished by people of all ages, color, sizes, what have you. In expressing my opinion of book six, I'm not trying to anger anyone or anything. I have a great respect for Rowling. She has turned so many children and even adults on to reading and that is a beautiful gift. However, book six was by no means a page turner for me. It actually evoked very little emotion compared to the previous books.<br/><br/>I feel this book was too long. It seemed like the basic plot could have filled about 150-200 pages, then she just put in fillers to kind of beef it up. I got the impression that this book was basically a staging ground for her final book.<br/><br/> There was a lot of dialog that really didn't need to be there and a lot of subplots that just came across as annoying and over-done. The love quarrel between Ron and Hermione was just obnoxious. I just wanted to slap the two kids upside the head by the time the book was over. Then there was the subplot of the half-blood-prince. Yes, I say that was a subplot even though the book is titled after it because I really don't see the overall significance of this branch of the story. Perhaps it will become clearer in the following book, but I didn't see it in this book at all.<br/><br/>This book had very little suspense and action in it. I got my hopes up when Harry and Malfoy started fighting in the bathroom, but nothing came of it. It actually only started getting exciting at the very last few chapters in the book. The other stuff like Harry learning about Tom Riddle's past was very interesting, but wasn't amazing.<br/><br/>I think the thing that this book was missing was the connect-ability of Harry. His character was not very deeply drawn or relatable in my opinion. What really made him such a wonderful character in the previous books was that relate-ability. I could see myself making the choices and mistakes he made. But in this book he's just kind of there. You don't really get inside his head like you do with the previous books.<br/><br/>There is a lot of telling in this book, but very little showing. Even at the end when a character dies, I felt little emotion. In the previous books, I was taken away to another place where as this one I was merely told about the place.  I also think the story lacked momentum in several parts and I found myself kind of trudging along.<br/><br/>I don't want to be too overly critical though. I think the book did a fine job overall tying a few loose ends and really set the stage for the next book. I can't wait to read the final book in the series. It will be interesting to see how Rowling ties everything up.<br/><br/>Again, I don't mean to slam this book if you really enjoyed it. Everyone has their own individual experience when they read a book...that's why books are so wonderful. This book just didn't hit that emotional chord like her previous books did with me.
 Everything about this story is excellent.<br/><br/>J. K. Rowling solidified her position as the best character creator in the history of writing with this book.  Reading this book is like a train ride that takes you on a journey to discover levels of detail in characters that seemed impossible before.  From Voldemort to Dumbledore and from Harry Potter to Snape, there's so much revealed about the characters over the course of the story.  It creates the perfect build up to a grand finally.<br/><br/>Also, the previous two books in the series were a little light on imagination, but J. K. Rowling is back with an imaginative vengeance in this installment of the book.
 This sixth novel simultaneously moves its focus back to the Harry-Ron-Hermione trio and looks outward in a recognition of the impact of the larger wizarding world upon individuals. Although secondary characters continue to play a role, the emotional center is Harry and his close friends, and Harry and his mentor, Dumbledore. While it is refreshing to see Harry and Dumbledore actually interacting in an extended and meaningful way, this narrative choice renders characters such as Tonks and Neville, for whom the reader has developed affection, curiously flat.<br/><br/>This distance and drawing-in may well have been a deliberate decision on Rowling's part, however, as it parallels Harry's growing realization that he must increase his attention to his quest, and decrease the number of attachments that could be turned to his disadvantage. Though his final acts of loyalty to Dumbledore's instructions show that he is capable of choosing the right act over emotionally compelling alternatives, his confession to Ginny of the conflict he would feel if he had to choose her death reveals his own recognition that love is his vulnerability as well as his strength.<br/><br/>Although some chapters read more like Harry Potter and the Expository Prose, the reader is given a great deal of explanation and back-story, as promised. Compassion and identification, always important themes in the series, are shown movingly both as Harry's empathy for Tom Riddle's childhood grows, and, significantly, as Dumbledore offers Draco every opportunity to enter into his protection. Harry's report that he did not think Draco would have killed Dumbledore seems to be an important turning point for the series, and we can hope for further complex and sophisticated analyses of human interactions in the last book, saving the series from a reductionist good-versus-evil finale.<br/><br/>It is not clear at times whether details are extraneous or important, which of course is part of why the books function as mysteries as well as coming of age stories. However, it did seem at times that one or two additional lines might answer readers' questions and add to, rather than diminish, the tightness of the plot. For example, Harry learns that members of the Order use their Patronuses to communicate with each other. We learn this, perhaps, so that Rowling can show us the form of Tonks's Patronus. However, this then begs the question of why Harry does not send his Patronus to summon Snape when he and Dumbledore arrive back in Hogsmeade. A brief exchange in which Harry announced this intention and Dumbledore indicated that a Patronus could not get through the extra protections at Hogwarts, for example, would close this hole convincingly. The reader would not then be left wondering why Harry still thinks, like a Muggle, of running up to the castle instead of using the very mechanism identified earlier in the book as the best way he could communicate quickly and effectively with Snape.<br/><br/>The theme of appearances versus substance is strongly reinforced, including numerous titles (such as "prince") that are meaningless, Voldemort's soul (apparently safe in Horcruxes, but unbeknownst to him, destroyed one by one) and Fleur's firm response to Bill's injuries. Parallelism abounds in Half-Blood Prince, such as the triad of Wormtail's silver hand--Dumbledore's wounded hand--and Draco's Hand of Glory. In addition, cups, knives, wands, and coins abound; in conjunction with Trelawney's obsessive (and accurate) card-reading and prediction about the tower (a Tarot symbol), they suggest that the reader willing to now re-read with a dictionary of symbols and guide to card reading and Tarot may be rewarded with additional parallels, confirmations, and insights. This week at least, however, that re-reader will not be me. I have passed on my copy to the next eager reader in the house.
 Not my favorite of the bunch, and of course how can it be given the events that transpired. However, it's a masterpiece.<br/><br/>As in my other reviews, it's clear that the target reader has aged and Rowling has adjusted accordingly. His make for a vey enjoy able rad at any age.<br/><br/>One left and then it's all over. Can't say I'm a little sad to see this set of stories come to an end.
 The Half Blood Prince is the best so far, with great action and affection.  The final battle is coming and Harry is well aware of the danger.  Ron and Hermione remain by his side.  Great reading.  Super imagination.  It only gets better.
 Its been awhile since I've read the Harry Potter books and I've read all seven of them, more than once. I picked this one back up recently since I wanted to readjust myself with the story since the 6th movie will be coming out this fall. Though I love all seven books, this one by far is my favorite. I do have a romantic streak to me and the addition of Harry's love life in this one was a big push in that factor of making it my favorite. There is not as much action in this one as some of the others, but I enjoyed the backstory on Voldemort and the twist at the end.<br/>I loved the couples in this, particularly Harry and his lady love which I had been hoping for since early in the series. I won't post much more in case people read this who don't want to be spoiled who haven't read this book yet! (though I can't imagine that being!)<br/>I am a mom of one and in my 40's, and I love these books. They are not just for kids but for any age. My son and I read the last 2 books together, so it made for quite a treat for us to share in the same excitement together.<br/>I love J.K. Rowling and will miss Harry and his adventures quite a bit, but am glad she gave us 7 great books to reread over and over.
 Wow-Wow-WOW!!!I received this book at slightly after midnight via "hubby the night owl" the night it went on sale and did not put it down until it was finished..roughly 10:30 am. I am still reeling from the sleepless night but wanted to share with you that this book is just great. It answers so many questions but still leaves the door open for the next book. The author managed to keep the book so interesting it would have been fruitless trying to put it down and read it in sections. I am so not going to give anybody any spoilers here-you will just have to get this book to find out what happens. I will warn you that there is a 4 hankie alert towards the end-very emotionally wrenching.<br/><br/>I adore how she has evolved Harry without pretense. His character could walk off the page and be a real person as could his friends. They are believable and real.<br/><br/>This is my favorite Harry Potter book. Mrs. Rowling-this book rocks!
 J. K. Rowling leaves readers’ jaws wide open with this edition of her bestselling Harry Potter series. That is, hoping they haven’t already seen all the movies. It’s already Harry and his friends’ sixth year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and they are still trying to protect all of the students there from meeting a terrible fate. It’s been a year since the Ministry of Magic has recognized the return of He-who-shall-not-be-named in The Order of the Phoenix, and the Order of the Phoenix is still keeping a close eye on Harry’s endeavors to keep You-know-who out of his head. It sets the darker tone that the series turns into.<br/> Harry and his friends start off their new school year in their new N.E.W.T. level classes while an old friend of Professor Dumbledore, Horace Slughorn, becomes the new Potions master. Harry discovers an unusual Potions textbook full of annotations on extraordinary potion making tips. The book’s previous owner goes by the alias The Half-Blood Prince. Throughout the school year, Dumbledore and Harry have meeting where they literally dive into memories of You-know-who’s parents and others to learn about mysterious objects called Horcruxes and the life of young Tom Riddle. Slughorn knows more about them then he is willing to share. “‘Yes, of course,’ said Slughorn quietly, still dabbing his white face. ‘Of course… well, if you’ve seen that memory, Harry, you’ll know that I don’t know anything – anything’ – he repeated the word forcefully – ‘about Horcruxes’” (380).<br/> J. K. Rowling does a great job of character development in all of her stories. She examines that fact that Harry and his friends are still kids and human by making love triangles and feeble attempts of relationships between a few characters. Harry feuds with himself about an affection that is almost inappropriate to their current situation. A battle rages inside of Harry’s mind: “She’s Ron’s sister.  But she’s ditched Dean! She’s still Ron’s sister. I’m his best mate! That’ll make it worse.  If I talked to him first – He’d hit you. What if I don’t care? He’s your best mate!” (516).<br/> If someone is looking to read this book and hasn’t read the previous five, they’re going to be pretty lost. An understanding of the story in the books prior is prerequisite to understanding this book. I recommend this for anyone above the age of ten or eleven mainly because they would have to read the others in the allotted time prior, which might be difficult to comprehend at any younger age.
 Know what some have said- Book 6 is very different from the others. But, I enjoyed it immensely. None of the set-up situations for glory as in GOF and the others, and it seemed to be more of a somber mystery and not a kid's book.<br/><br/>This was more about the characters and that's my type of literature.<br/><br/>The ending, was unexpected and a bit unsettling, but it made me say "WOW!"  It also contiues to fuel discussion about its clues and points between my two teenage boys and myself.<br/><br/>It also sets up a very interesting scenario for the last book. I have my own ideas about what will happen and plan to go back and re-read the series and look for clues to support it. I've not read many series that makes me want to do that.<br/><br/>I rate is as one of JKR's best.
 Lord Voldemort is alive and the wizard community is in an uproar. The Death Eaters evil deeds are spreading beyond the wizard world and threatening the muggle world. Dementors are everywhere, draining all hope and happiness. All the while plots abound (Is Harry really "The Chosen One"?), danger is around every corner (Has Draco become a Death Eater?), and Harry, Ron, and Hermione still have to decide on what course to take for their N.E.W.T's (Nasty Exhausting Wizarding Tests). Ah, life as a 16 year old wizard. Author JK Rowling has once again weaved a riveting adventure that's suspenseful, gripping, and imaginative. A darker book in an increasingly darker series (there's another death of a favorite character that effects Harry deeply). I never imagined it would take the complicated plot twists and turns to arrive here from where it began. Nor did you I'll bet. And that's been the fun of watching this series grow. Adolesence and young adulthood can be a dark and sometimes scary thing as Harry, Ron, and Hermione are finding out. Especially in the wizarding world. Potter fans will undoubtedly read this book (and the others) over and over again while waiting for the grand finale. I know I will. :) ANOTHER BOOK TO TRY: The alien invasion adventure graphic novel "GAAK" by Darryl Hughes. Just like Harry, Ron, and Hermione in the "Harry Potter" series, Zach, Jemmy, Plato, and Chubs will capture your hearts and tickle your funny bones as they try to save their small town of Eden'sVille and the world from kooky alien kreatures. A wonderful adventure for scifi fans of all ages. Give it a try.
 So I cannot give this book a 3-star rating as, contrary to my personal promise to read it slowly and not stay up as late as it takes to finish it, I could not put the book down and devoured it over the week-end.<br/><br/>Having said that, as enjoyable as this book is: the characters are showing their growth, there is action, some intrigue, and a great does of explanation ... the book does not stand on its own at all. You would never want to read this book not having read the previous books and not intending to read the last one. As such, it feels like a bit of a cheat - only furthering the story as much as necessary to get us to the last book.<br/><br/>Nonetheless, if you are a fan, and intend on seeing the series through to the end, go read this one as soon as you can. While it does not entirely break from the already cliched framework (Dursleys, the Burrow, the Sorting, a mystery, problems with Snape, ...) it does evolve them nicely and most importantly, show how the main characters have come into their own.
 When everyone was talking about the third Harry Potter book coming out I thought what hype. While I was traveling a friend gave me a copy of the first book. To be honest, out of boredom I read it. A few days later I was in the bookstore buying the next two books and devouring them.<br/><br/>I've enjoyed all of the books in the series. I bought the Half-Blood prince the day after it was released and loved every moment of it. I am a fast reader and impatiently waited for one of my friends to finish so I could talk about the ending.<br/><br/>Harry's magical world is getting darker, but it is still enticing. I must admit I wish book 7 was already on its way to bookstores.
 Platinum Reviewers 4.5<br/><br/>J.K. Rowling writes an extremely entertaining book about the wizarding world and the many aspects of Hogwarts as she continues to take us on the journeys of Harry Potter. Harry is entering his sixth year at Hogwarts the wizarding school in London tings have been going slightly haywire. The Dark Lord is stronger than ever along with his followers the Death Eaters. The Order of Phoenix has been doing everything in the power to protect the wizarding world along with "The Chosen One" but not before all hell breaks loose.<br/><br/>Dumblodore and Harry began to learn things about the Dark Lord that allows them to understand Tom Riddle and his reasons. As time comes near is learn that everyone trusted can't be truly be trusted with a significant character killed and many injured a grudge is formed that will lead into the final installment of Harry Potter's adventure when Rowling releases book seven.<br/><br/>J.K. Rowling writes her book for the movie screen but writes them in a way for a child on about a fifth grade level to enjoy them as an adult like myself. I've followed Harry on his many adventures since book one. J.K. Rowling has a dynasty on her hands that makes her the queen of fantasy. The sixth book was an excellent book that was well worth the wait.
 J.K. Rowling returns at the top of her game in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, the sixth and second-to-last book in the series.  The story has all the best parts of her previous books.  It takes place mainly at Hogwarts.  Harry, Ron, Hermione, Dumbledore and Snape are by far the main characters.  The book combines the wonders of learning magic with the troubles of a normal teenager.<br/><br/>As always, the book picks up in the summer after Book 5 ends.  We learn that the battle against Lord Voldemort and the Death Eaters continues, but is not going well.  We learn that Professor Snape, Harry's nemesis is at least a double-agent and maybe a triple agent, working for both Voldemort and Dumbledore.  We learn that Harry's other nemesis, Draco Malfoy, is also no good.<br/><br/>With the stage set, Harry returns to Hogwarts to begin his advanced classes after doing very well on his exams in all the important classes the previous year.  Harry goes on memory trips with Dumbledore to learn of Lord Voldemort's past, which will help him defeat Voldemort in the future.  He, Ron, and Hermione all deal with increasing feelings of love, and Harry keeps his eyes on Snape and Malfoy.<br/><br/>And to top all this off, the ending is amazing.  Run out and buy it if you haven't already.
 J.K. Rowling continues to amaze me!  Many good writers are capable of producing an excellent trilogy based on the same complete set of characters, however after book three their output tends to be uneven at best (think Frank Herbert with the Dune series, or even Arthur C. Clark with his Rama novels).  But Rowling not only sustains the story line, her writing seems to improve with each effort.<br/><br/>Harry and his friends are back at Hogwarts for their sixth year, 16 years old and suffering from all the usual teen agonies.  There are relationships to maintain, both romantic and platonic; academic tribulations, issues of trust, politics and more.  Through it all, you find yourself hurrying from page to page because you're curious about what happens next or because you just care about Harry, Ron, Hermione, Dumbledore and everyone else.  There are no cheap tricks here, you might expect that given the whole wizarding theme of the series, that one or more situation might be resolved by just a casual, unexplained flick of the wand, but no.  Harry can be as tenacious as one of Scott Turow's lawyers.  Hermione does her research in the library, sans Internet (not that there is anything wrong with the Internet of course... ).<br/><br/>As far as the plot goes, the threat posed by Voldemort is growing, with Harry and other students imperiled by his Death Eater followers.  Thankfully for Harry (and us readers) Quidditch is once again being contested, providing a great diversion as well as more and more insight into the various relationships that complicate the lives of the teenage protagonists.  Beyond that, events unfold that drive the story to the end of the Hogwarts' school year, setting things up quite nicely for the final book in the series.  Now, you don't really want me to divulge any more detail than that do you?<br/><br/>As always, the story of Harry and his friends will satisfy young readers (or listeners being read to by parents or siblings).  Or if you are an adult looking for additional depth and thematic elements, you might discover plenty of references to the global war on terror, journalistic and academic ethics, corporate corruption and the politics of personality.  Is that pithy enough for you?<br/><br/>Oh... yes, there is a new teacher at Hogwarts, a name dropping self promoter that might give Gilderoy Lockhart a run for his money; Professor Dumbledore still reveals his secrets only when he's ready, and Severus Snape is just as ambiguously evil as ever.<br/><br/>I'd be tempted to beg Ms. Rowling to publish her next book as soon as possible, but given the quality of the first six, I can almost, almost be content waiting for her to release it only when she's ready.  Please... please... Ms. Rowling, be ready soon!
 It was an entertaining book. I still think that book 3 is the best book, not because the author took any less risk this time, but that the elements of book 3 left me more satified, perhaps they were more believalbe, and my sense was that this was a masterful story. This feeling did not occur after reading book 6.<br/><br/>In previous books the main characters worked together to solve the mystery, but book 6 isolated Harry from his friends. It was in the private first hand knowledge that Harry gained in his dealings with Dumbledore that isolated Harry from his friends because his friends had to rely on Harry telling them what was happening, what new information he had discovered. We had to rely on Harry a lot more in this book than in the other books.<br/><br/>In general I was entertained by the book. I agree with another reviewer who commeneted that some of the plot might have been influenced by the fans, for example, the love relationships between the characters. I thought that it was absolutely pointless for Harry to fall for Ginny.<br/><br/>Having main characters die is okay, but it felt like a whole bunch of characters died because they were minimized so much in this novel which focused heavily on Harry Potter and Harry Potters own thoughts.<br/><br/>I would rate the next book low unless Harry works together with his friends, brings them back into the story. Harry Potter struggling with his own thoughts, Harry versus himself is dull  writing.
 I still find Harry and insufferable ass and think Draco a great anti-hero. Maybe another time another place. On to book 7
 HP and the 1/2 blood prince was a much anticipated edition to my HP collection. I admit to carting the kids to the local bookstore to participate in the wristband line and all the fun stuff for the boys - it was worth it.<br/><br/>The story was fast paced, and showed a delightful transition for Harry from a young wizzard to an almost mature man. Though I was torn up over the ending, finding myself holding my breath and thinking that it would end with a surprise that the person dieing would actually be staging the whole thing, I understand why JKR added this twist in the plot. (though as a romance writer by trade, I wished it could have been someone else).<br/><br/>Still, there are a lot of questions that have not been answered for me. I believe I understand why - its the old hook theory - I just hope we are all not left dangling for 2 years to get to the last installment!!!<br/><br/>I think JKR did a brilliant job with this one - the tone was not too dark (Like the previous book where I almost quit it before I got mid way through) and not too fast where things were missing.<br/><br/>I'm glad that one of my fav. characters made another appearance, as I love Doby so much.<br/><br/>I believe I will be reading this one again (after I've caught up on the lost sleep I've missed this weekend)<br/><br/>Thanks, JKR, for another thrilling story that I'm glad to know I'm not too old that I enjoy it!
 I finished HBP today. Overall I enjoyed it very much. The charactors stay fresh, funny, and in the case of Harry, Ron, and Hermione, maturing. I'm struck by some of the comments I've seen in other reviews. I totally disagree that no one under 14 should read this book. That's preposterous. One reviewer asked that there be less snogging in the next book. I found that aspect of the book charming and amusing, and more importantly, true to teenage life.<br/><br/>This is a transitional book. While enjoyable on it's own I agree with others that it's really a setup for the 7th book.<br/><br/>There's not a whole lot of action until the last 150 pages, and that's different from the other books.<br/><br/>*SPOILER*<br/><br/>I find the idea, presented by other reviewers, of Dumbledoor's death being a sacrifice very interesting. And I'm not convinced that Snape is really a Death Eater. I look forward to how Ms. Rowling explains Snape in book seven. I think she has a real opportunity there to create an amazing story for him. I will be disappointed if he is just bad. Why would Dumbledoor trust him then? And who is R.A.B. ? Could the B stand for Black?
 This book does a great job of stretching the well established characters beyond their breaking points to survive he who must not be named.
 I read the book before coming here to see the reviews - hate to have key plot items spoiled. (BTW: would be useful if we would say something like SPOILER ALERT if about to reveal something someone who hasn't read the book might not want to know.) So with that: SPOILER ALERT! I wish to mention some things that include the ending.<br/><br/>I found this the most enjoyable one of the series. Upon finishing it yesterday I wished the 7th was already available because I was anxious to continue the story. There were several reasons I liked this one best:<br/><br/>1) Most of the others in the series contained a character or situation I found so annoying that I almost stopped reading. It began right at the beginning where JKR described Harry's mistreatment by the Dursley's in so much detail and length I wanted to scream, "Enough already - we get the point!" The 5th contained Umbridge and Fudge who were so over the top that I really had to struggle to get through that one. Then there was that insufferable teacher of Defense against the Dark Arts (forgot his name) who was so full of himself and so incompetent (except at stealing the credit for others' deeds). And so on. I was afraid that Slughorn would be the annoyance in this book and was so relieved that his character was much more balanced than her usual over the top characters.<br/><br/>2. There was much more interaction between Harry and Dubledore (sp?) - this was really missing in previous installments. I liked the way they periodically brought out elements of Riddle's life and uncovered how he had escaped death when his attempt to kill Harry failed.<br/><br/>Basically I liked the way the story was developed without the need for as much extreme or annoying content.<br/><br/>I am more intrigued by Snape now. I still don't know which side he's really on. It seems like he's on the dark side but I wouldn't be surprised that this gets turned around in the last book. One thing that puzzles about how things will develop is that if Dubledore is really gone, how will Harry handle it? His wizarding skills are still relatively weak compared to, say, Snape and especially Voldemort. He was entirely dependent on Dumbledore when they found their way into the cave.<br/><br/>So now I anxiously await the last installment to see how these things are worked out. It will be a challenge for JKR; I think endings are the hardest part to write.
 As with many other so-called children's books such as "Winnie the Pooh", Wind in the Willows", "The jungle book", Tanglewood Tales, etc. adults get a different take on this series from youngsters. The suspense is well maintained to the very end. Is Snape a death eater or a double agent? I won't tell, but neither will the author until the last few pages of the last volume. All in all a very readable book for all ages.
 This review is meant to cater to those who appreciate good liturature, not the die-hard fans who will possibly be outraged at Rowling when they see how she's cruelly she's treated the characters. Fans who have yet to get around to reading it should stop reading this review NOW.<br/><br/>I just finished the latest and greatest of Rowling's series, and WOW!!!<br/><br/>Though I've always enjoyed the books, they always seemed to fall short of real greatness. I have, however, noted that each book has typically been smarter and altogether darker than the previous. The Half-Blood Prince has taken this concept to new heights.<br/><br/>This is one of the greatest books I've ever read, and I do not say that lightly. The opening pages didn't feel like they came from the Potter series. They have a sly satirical wit that brings to mind authors Mark Twain, Kurt Vonnegut, or Douglas Adams. The comedy's subtle nature reminded me of the greater works Jonathon Swift.<br/><br/>It might seem surreal mentioning Swift in a review about a children's fantasy book series, but the book is surreal in the same way.<br/><br/>The previous book showed things taking a turn for the worse; this book jumps head first into the abyss. Early on, we learn that Snape, who so faithfully defended Harry in the previous books (despite an understandable grudge against him and his entire family), has returned to Lord Voldemorte's side, taking an Unbreakable Vow to help Malfoy kill Dumbledore. If he fails to fulfill it, the Vow will take his life. Harry, as always, suspects the two, and his friends, as always, refuse to buy it.<br/><br/>There was a detail near the opening that caught my attention early on. Due to a technical complication involving his standardized test scores, Harry is forced to borrow used textbooks from his new potions instructor. I'm attending freshmen-year college in the Fall, so I know how common this sort of thing is. I was intrigued by this minor dilemma which added flavor and realism to the story, but Rowling took it even further. She turned this seemingly minor detail into an important element to the plot. Rowling's careful attention to detail not only added a touch of reality to the environment, but new richness to the plot.<br/><br/>The resposibilties of the sixth-year students weigh hard on the protagonists. Meanwhile reports are flooding in daily of disappearances, possessions, and mass murder. Students are losing relatives left and right. The Ministry of Magic has posted warnings to be on the lookout for zombies, should the Dark Lord employ their use. As in George Romero's Dawn of the Dead, the students casually walk the halls of their protected haven, but they are unable to escape the subtle reminders of a world falling to pieces outside.<br/><br/>It might seem surreal mentioning Romero in a review about a children's fantasy book series, but that's just the type of book this is.<br/><br/>This is a book marked by horror and even vulgarity, which is why I think it will be impossible to adapt into an acceptable children's film. Books don't have to say which swear word or obscene hand gesture was used. It can hide behind whatever euphemisms the author wishes. The film, I believe, will cut most of that out. No big loss.<br/><br/>What makes this film too over the top for the screen is the story itself. This book is bleak in ways Return of the King wouldn't even dream of. Perhaps not on the whole, but a hungry werewolf with an affinity for human flesh set loose in a grade school just has a different feel than the threat of losing a battle.<br/><br/>The most horrifying image in the book is not in the battle between the Death Eaters and the Aurors over Hogwarts. It is when Harry, in self defense, uses an unknown curse on Malfoy. Malfoy's chest and head burst open onto Harry. Following this are cries of bloody murder as a blood-soaked Harry looks on in shock at the results of HIS action.<br/><br/>Rowling does something else worth noting. She doesn't dwell on the revelation that Snape has been a bad guy all along. Instead she keeps bringing up Dumbledore's faith in the teacher. Dumbledore is an often silly character, but we are never given the impression he is foolish. Everything about him seems to result from his infinite wisdom and tenderness. His reassurances and the fact that they had proven correct in all of the previous installments leave the reader to doubt the suspicions confirmed by his own eyes. Halfway through the book, I wondered whether Snape agreed to the Vow knowing he would die defending Hogwarts and Dumbledore. The more I considered it, the more likely it seemed.<br/><br/>Rowling makes full use of double-bluffs in the form of what seem to be red herrings. She knows the readers are used to the formula, so she uses it against us. As always we suspect Snape early on, expecting to be proven wrong by a shocking turn of events at the book's climax. Because we expect to be proven wrong it is twice as shocking when the suspicions are confirmed, and Snape personally murders the one man who has been lighting the path all this time.<br/><br/>Before his death Dumbledore's relationship with Harry does a one-eighty. Their affection is not replaced with animosity. Rather their roles reverse. The wise man who guides the scared child into the darkness on the path to his destiny falls prey to the Dark Lord's magic. Harry is forced to push him on as he begs for rest and even death. Harry is then left to practically carry Dumbledore from the darkness.<br/><br/>It all seems very natural, the devoted youth aiding his weakened teacher in his time of need. It doesn't seem ironic. Not until the wizard confides in the boy, "I am not worried Harry. I am with you."<br/><br/>Then, on top of everything that had happened, the book gets the old Road Warrior one-two-punch. The object of the search that so weakened Dumbledore before he was killed turns out to be a decoy; all of his suffering was in vain.<br/><br/>If you think it stange I mentioned the Road Warrior, you haven't really been paying attention have you?<br/><br/>But was it in vain really? Each of the installments is a coming of age story in its own right, but Harry leaves this one a fully grown and confident adult. He leaves behind the vanities of Hogwarts to take responsibility for those he loves. Dumbledore's suffering provided him the final strength and determination he will need to defeat the Dark Lord.<br/><br/>This is Rowling's masterpiece. It is the greatest liturary work since Pratchett and Gaiman released Good Omens, and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is the only children's book to surpass it. If the trend of the books continues - each one smarter, darker, and better than the last - we can expect truly great things from book 7.<br/><br/>FIVE VERY ENTHUSIASTIC STARS!!!
 Book 6 brings us the most well rounded of the stories.  It is a good balance between magic, adventure, romance, friendship, and everyday Hogwarts life.  Harry returns to school while the wizarding world is in chaos.  Everyone has been forced to admit that Harry was right and Voldemort is again alive and powerful.  But there are other evil powers at work doing The Dark Lord's bidding.  Harry is faced with the responsibility he has to the prophesy as well as thwarting the dangers that are right under his nose at school.<br/><br/>This book brings Dumbledore's relationship with Harry to all new levels.  Finally Harry sees himself as more of an equal than he has before.  This book is also an excellent bridge to the culmination of the series.  It is this installment that makes you feel as though you are truly a part of these characters lives and that you have known them your entire life.<br/><br/>No one review will be able to properly capture the essence of this book, nor will anyone be able to properly sum up the plot without either writing entirely too much or too little.  But in the end, no fan of the Harry Potter series will be able to read this book and not take away a feeling of pure enjoyment.
 I whizzed through the book in a couple of days and thought it was good overall. Saying that, I did feel that the end was rushed and a bit disappointing and Harry's romance was a bit sudden to be overly interesting. Like most people, I was left wanting to know the ending of this wonderful adventure more than ever and cannot believe we have to wait so long for the conclusion!! Oh well.<br/><br/>One reviewer deemed Harry Potter was good but not destined to be a classic..I am dumbfounded how someone could nake such a bold statement when considering the facts. What makes a classic? A book that grabs hold of a large number of people over a long period of time? No one can know the future but I think its a pretty sure bet that Harry Potter will still be read by children and adults alike for a long time to come. It is not often that you see adult after adult reading a childrens book in public without any embarrassment! Reading this series has been a treat!
 After a much anticapted wait I finally got my copy at midnight last night.  Within the 2nd chapter I was shocked at a secret that all Harry Potter fans will be shocked about.  But I will not reaveal the shocker here b/c I know that some of you may not have started to read the book yet.  So don't worry I will not write any spoilers here. :)  There is a little bit of romance and a lot of tension between Hermione and Ron during the book, but I'm not going to say if they starting dating or not.  There are relationships throughout the book, even Harry gets a girlfriend in this book.  But I will not say who, but it will surprise you who it is.  On the subject of dies in this book it is a very important person in Harry's life, but I will again not say who.  It will be a shocker to many who read this book though.  Also Draco Malfoy plays a part in this book, but I will let you figure out what this statement means.  The sixth installment is very good one, but in many chapters very dark secrets are revealed.  But don't worry Harry lives through the entire book.  But towards the end I had many of my questions answered, but a lot more forming in my head for the next one.  I am sure you will too when he finish this book.  But overall I would give this book more than 5 stars if I could.  So there you have it...oh and by the way the D.A.D.A teacher will surprise you.
 I'm taking a middle stance on this book to see how Book 7 turns out. As a lot of the lower reviews note, there are many things that seem out of character or go unexplained at the end of Book 6. I'm hoping we'll get answers in Book 7 (and that we won't have to wait TOO long to get them!). If some of these things aren't explained, I agree with the lower ratings--especially that the treatment of Dumbledore is very disappointing. However, I'm still hoping for a magical ending that redeems Dumbledore....after all, that's what this series is all about, isn't it?<br/><br/>I do think this book was still a page-turner, if only because when you're this invested in a series you want to know how it ends. And there were some clever new magical devices, and just a small insight into the humanity of Draco. But it would be nice if a few of the loose ends introduced here were wrapped up in this book, instead of leaving it all for Book 7.<br/><br/>Oh, and would everyone PLEASE stop posting reviews commenting on the quality of amazon's service....there are other places to post that information, don't trash a book because amazon shipped it late or rave because you had prompt service.
 For those who frequent my reviews (which would be, hmmmm, none of you), you might notice a common theme in my reasons for not reading certain books. My reasoning is that I anticipate the book will be so good that it will take too much time away from my busy schedule and force me to neglect other things such as, for instance, family, employment, eating, sleeping, and breathing, among other necessary things. Harry Potter books have long since been on this "anticipated good book" blacklist. That is why I had not read Half Blood Prince until last week (June '07). It was easy enough to let Order of the Phoenix overtake my life back then because I had no social life worth mentioning and I was in college, which everyone knows was made for procrastinators. But between books five and six I got married, got a job, and had a beautiful daughter, which all demanded enough attention from me so as to keep me from taking a week off for Harry Potter, good though it may well have been. But then I became a Scoutmaster for a troop of Boy Scouts, and along came Boy Scout camp. Ahhhh, a week where I do nothing while scouts go and earn merit badges. I enthusiastically nabbed a copy of Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. Were my pre-reading fears of the book being too good to read during a routine week legitimate? Absolutely. I am not a fast reader by any means, but I had Half Blood Prince read and finished in time to finish another book and start yet one more before heading home at the end of the week. How do I add onto what has already been said about Rowling's works? Well, I can't, so I'll just tell my experience. She is amazing (I would say "magical" but that's just too cliche, even though it fits). Each book gets more mature and complicated as it goes, which directly mirrors Harry's own growth into adulthood. Each book works magnificently at its own level, and end to end, in spite of the progress of the storytelling, they still maintain the same style and framework. As the stakes raise, Rowling keeps on demonstrating that nothing is out of reach, nothing is impossible, and everything ... everything is thought through. Even the inevitable, supposedly predictable plot points, when they do come true, is not a moment of, "Yeah, I thought so;" instead it slips seamlessly into the story to the point where you don't even notice it has happened. In the overall scheme of things, was Half Blood Prince my favorite? Well, that's kind of a dumb question. It is all one story, and in that way, I'm enchanted with the whole story. If we're talking about years where Harry has grown, I think I liked his third year at Hogwarts the best, but that shouldn't disparage the story of Harry on the whole. Half Blood Prince is simply another fantastic volume in a historic storytelling moment. The upside to waiting so long for Half Blood Prince is that I only have to wait a month for the final installment. Of course, I'll need another free reading week again. Perhaps the scouts will want to go to two scout camps this summer?
 I didn't really expect this to happen, but I'd been worried for the last year or so that what I've seen with some of my favorite rock musicians - they're phenomenal when they're struggling to get noticed and to make names for themselves, then become inconsistent after they've been duly heralded as geniuses - would also happen to Rowling.  I don't want to overstate the case because HBP is not a bad book by any means, but for me it easily takes the spot as the worst of the series.<br/><br/>Primary flaw:  The whole thing seems rushed and the delivery wooden.  It's painfully obvious that Rowling has allowed those idiotic criticisms of Goblet Of Fire and Order Of The Phoenix as being "too long" to actually alter her work, and that's unfortunate.  When I first picked it up and took note that it was a full 200 pages shorter than the immediately-preceding Order of the Phoenix, I was both disappointed and skeptical that a seven-volume plot could withstand a sixth installment that was comparatively abbreviated.  I'd dismissed those impressions on the basis of Rowling's stunning work in every one of books 1 to 5 - I'd thought she was too focused and dedicated to allow that to happen - but it has, at least in the case of HBP, and it turns out my fears were at least partially justified.  This installment easily could have - should have - been as much as double its length.  A 1200-page novel that doesn't get boring?  Yes!  Rand did it, Clavell did it; heck, Murasaki Shikibu did it in what's generally considered the first novel in literary history - "The Tale of Genji," published around the year 1000 A.D.  Make this my official plea that Rowling will push the spurious criticisms of length aside and allow Year 7 to be as long, as detailed, and as rich as it needs to be - the more, the merrier.  What, are her editor and publisher going to refuse the manuscript?  Not likely.<br/><br/>There was a mountain of fascinating and vital information revealed in HBP, but it comes across as lifeless exposition with little of the warmth, magic, storytelling detail, and most of all the sense of wonder and grandeur that has been the heart &amp; soul of Years 1-5 (even when she was covering familiar territory like the yearly conflict with the Dursleys, arrival at Hogwarts, Quidditch, classes and the like.)  In the previous books JKR always projected a sense of revealing something wondrous with sparkling style and breathless excitement, but that's nowhere to be found in HBP.  The contrast is all the more vivid in that I'd gone back and re-read the entire series in the weeks leading up to HBP's release, so I read all six in unbroken succession and the difference was immediately noticeable.<br/><br/>Key characters we've come to expect as integral to every book were relegated to the sidelines: most notably Hagrid, Neville, McGonagall, the Dursleys, even Snape and Draco. And oddest of all, Dumbledore himself, perhaps the most crucial character after HP himself and in the very book where his story arc arrives at its apex, comes across as vague and shallow - almost as if he's a preliminary sketch.  Likewise, key activities that somehow were always fascinating even though they'd been part of every previous book - things like the inevitable sneaking around after lights-out, the excursions into the Forbidden Forest with Hagrid, surprises arriving via Owl Post (that were always integral to the plot,) the study sessions with the principle characters puzzling out how to essentially save the world when they're supposed to be finishing homework, the various holidays and even the classes and dinner periods - were all absent from Half-Blood Prince.<br/><br/>You get the distinct impression while reading HBP that JKR could have gone into much more detail and fleshed out virtually every scene for enormous benefit to plotting and overall embellishment of the huge amount of expository information, but for the sake of brevity she omitted everything but a recitation of essential facts. The result is a somewhat distracted, flat exposition that comes across at times almost as journalism.<br/><br/>The development of romances, while important (not to mention somewhat overdue - I remember making out, a.k.a. "snogging," long before I reached the vicinity of age 16, but maybe things are different in Midwest USA than in Britain,) were so sudden and drastic that they came across almost as mental illness. This is particularly true of Ron - his wild plunge into the role of mindless playboy is completely out of character from the consistent personality that's been developed over the previous five books. I often felt I was reading a story about a booze-besotted university frat house, not a wizarding high school attended by mid-teen students.<br/><br/>Harry's equally-sudden infatuation with Ginny Weasley could have worked fine - the events in Chamber of Secrets certainly laid groundwork for it - but his sudden attraction to her is presented as causeless. We can fill in the blanks and speculate as to why he might choose her, but should we need to? There is precious little said about anything she does that Harry might find appealing, or even in how she looks physically, to add credibility to their pairing - it just "happens."  To be fair to Rowling though, Harry's attraction to Cho Chang in books four and five was nearly as causeless in its presentation, but in that case there was long enough lead-in to make it work.<br/><br/>Another major letdown is that HBP does not stand on its own as an individual story as did each of the previous five - it comes across more as a bridge or "extended trailer" for the final book. There's no central, self-contained story focus:<br/><br/>- In Year 1 there was the presentation of the entire story milieu; Harry's sudden immersion into the world of magic and Voldemort's first attempt at reanimation;<br/><br/>- In Chamber of Secrets there were the Chamber and the Basilisk, a vital glimpse into Voldemort's identity, and the introduction of Lockhart as a vivid catalyst for the entire plot;<br/><br/>- In Prisoner Of Azkaban there is the focus on the "sinister" Sirius, the introduction of Lupin and Pettigrew, the exposition of their common past with Snape and James, and the brilliant tying together of all of those elements.  I was amazed recently to realize that in POA, which is probably the best of the series so far, Voldemort takes a back seat in the plot and doesn't even appear, yet the plotting is phenomenal and breakneck, with one of the most seamless, plausible and spectacular time-travel sequences I've ever read;<br/><br/>- In Goblet Of Fire there's the Quidditch World Cup, the TriWizard Tournament, Harry's first "dive" into Dumbledore's pensieve for glimpses into some incredibly dark and horrifying events; the trashing of HP's reputation by the press and student body, and Voldemort's return in human form;<br/><br/>- Order Of The Phoenix begins as a major downer - the first hundred fifty or so pages are downright depressing to read - then slowly, masterfully transforms into an incredible tale of rebellion and another climactic, and tragic, confrontation with Voldemort and his Death Eaters.  There's that excellent, dark siege context; Voldemort's creepy mental link to Harry in the latter's dreams; the transformation of the good characters into underground rebels while the world is seemingly overrun with evil - and the priceless character of Dolores "Hillary" Umbridge, the oppressive power-drunk bureaucrat, as plot catalyst.<br/><br/>In HBP there are just: A few expository dives back into the pensieve (this time with Dumbledore's approval and guidance,) the development of some implausibly-abrupt romantic ties, HP's apparition to the cave and brief adventure with Dumbledore, and a brief climactic battle with the Death Eaters - on balance, extremely weak and pedestrian compared to any of the others.<br/><br/>The information given was, again, fascinating - we get more vital information about Voldemort's past and how he developed into what he has become, and the revelation of the Half-Blood Prince's identity just knocked me right out of my chair.  I've seen and read a lot of plot twists with surprise revelations, and about as many whodunits - but the fact that Rowling was able to cold-clock me from right out of left field when I'd spent months after the announcement of the title thinking over possibilities both plausible and implausible, is the kind of thing that prompts an impulse bow down in homage.  "We're not worthy," indeed.<br/><br/>But that information, tantalizing as it was, needed far more in the way of detail and action to dramatize it.  These had been present in spades through the first five books and here they're noticeably absent or subdued at best.  Too much exposition and not enough drama, depth, or suspense to carry it.  Assuming you've read the series, remember that nail-biting experience in Order of the Phoenix when Harry was using the fire and floo powder in Umbridge's office while Fred and George lured her away with a diversion?  THAT was the kind of heart-pounding, seat-squirming suspense in storytelling and plotting detail that just rocked, and which was sorely lacking in HBP.<br/><br/>Though it was nevertheless a satisfying and thought-provoking read - I'd give it a 7.5 on a 10 scale - I was vastly disappointed by HBP and am hoping JKR will pull out all the stops - including length and depth - to regain her sense of sweeping grandeur and her detailed cast of thousands with the final volume. But again, I don't mean to overstate the case: this is a comparison of HBP to Rowling's own past work, not anyone else's. Compared with the run-of-the-mill in fiction these days, there IS no comparison. Rowling has already taken her place alongside Tolkien, Lewis, Lovecraft, Aiken, Keene and Burgess as a giant of literature, and her transformation of what began as a series for kids into something with the depth of Lord of the Rings, is nothing short of phenomenal.  I just think that she's stumbled a bit with HBP.  I may enjoy it more on re-reads, but that was not necessary with any of the previous books - with them I was enthralled from first chapter to last.<br/><br/>Here's to high hopes for a smashing series finale that's fully as magical and enthralling as Years 1 through 5.  Given the phenomenal talent and imagination Rowling has displayed thus far, and the fact (if I remember right,) that the final chapter of Book 7 was completed before she even got Book 1 published, I'm not particularly worried.  And perhaps the lukewarm reviews that have been published about HBP will motivate her to go full tilt next time around.  Her incredible, timeless contribution to world literature deserves no less.
 The magical trio returns in the sixth book of the series. Harry, Ron, and Hermione start a new year of adventure. This book captured my attention like the imperious curse.<br/><br/> Harry starts his sixth year at Hogwarts and has special sessions with Dumbeldore. Since Voldemort`s return the magic world is in chaos and the muggles are being affected too. But how is it Voldemort keeps returning, why can't he be killed? Harry will discover this and more.<br/><br/> I liked this book because every chapter was interesting and exciting. This book has shown me that with friendship and determination you can do anything. I recommend this book to everyone who likes adventure, mystery, excitement, and
 Bought as a gift,  but read it first.  Each in the series makes her readers want more.  This is a wonderful book,  but saddens me in that there's only one more left to go in this wonderful saga
 Rowling has moved the series far past the light fantasy of the earliest books.  Like Tolkien, what she is striving to bring us is a modern-day morality tale, all about love, sacrifices, and the choices we make.<br/><br/>This book has already been disparaged for all the "teenage snogging" that takes place.  But in the best sense, snogging (AKA making out) is one developmental step teenagers go through to help them realize who and what is important in their lives.  This kind of experimentation and negotiation is inevitable, whenever young people are together, and does not detract one bit from the book's larger themes.<br/><br/>What Rowling is getting at here is that there is no redemption without sacrifice.  When Bill Weasley's good looks and longterm health are ruined in an attack from a Death Eater, the glamorous Fleur redeems herself in the eyes of his parents by loving him more.  Lupin has sacrificed his feelings for Tonks, rationalizing that she deserves better than an old and damaged man; fortunately he seems to have come to his senses and returned her love by the end of the book.  Harry renounces his feelings for Ginny in a Bogart-esque gesture of altruism  (although one gets the feeling they will eventually end up as did Bill and Fleur, Tonks and Lupin.)<br/><br/>Most of all, Dumbledore sacrifices even his own life out of love for Harry and Hogwarts, and for protecting the Wizarding World from Voldemort.  His loss is crushing, and evokes Rowlings' best writing.  In Dumbledore's death, Harry realizes he must carry on the fight alone.  But I haven't given up on Dumbledore just yet.  Heroes of both religious and literary tradition, from Christ to Tolkien's beloved Grey Wizard, willingly go to their deaths to defeat evil, only to return triumphant.  We should all remember, after all, that Dumbledore's totem animal is the Phoenix, the very symbol of resurrection.<br/><br/>Most disturbingly, we are forced to look at what Snape must sacrifice here as well.  It would be easy, after finishing this book, to dismiss Snape as a terrible traitor.  But it's not so easy.  Snape enters into an Unbreakable Oath with Narcissa Malfoy, perhaps out of love for Draco or perhaps for Narcissa herself.  He assumes the task Draco is given, perhaps because he knows Draco would destroy himself in attempting it.  And he may even have assumed the task because of his ultimate devotion to Dumbledore.  (After all, Harry nearly kills Dumbledore in an earlier chapter, something he obviously does at Dumbledore's express wish and out of great love.)  I don't believe the door of redemption is totally closed yet for Snape.<br/><br/>So much remains for the last and final book that I can't see how Rowling will resolve it all.  But she has already accomplished much in this book, delving even more deeply into the heart of good and evil, showing Harry and all of us the consequences of the choices we make.
 What can I say? J.K. Rowling has outdone herself with the 6th book in the Harry Potter series. The 6th year at Hogwart's offers new plot twists that keep the reader asking such questions as "Is Snape on our side or isn't he?" "Will Ron and Hermione get together or won't they?" "Will Harry ever learn that he should tell Dumbledore EVERYTHING that happens to him??"<br/><br/>Ms. Rowling's genius for writing is particularly illuminated in this latest installation as we are given pieces to the puzzle that we've been working on for YEARS. She tickles your mind with crazy possibilities (could Neville Longbottom really play an important role in the fight against Voldemort?). She provides just enough tidbits for us to imagine how the big picture might really look. While the cast of characters is as familiar to us as the golden snitch is fast, Rowling starts to show us a greater depth and possibility in them that we haven't seen thus far (with the exception, perhaps, of Peeves the Poltergeist who continues with his usual antics).<br/><br/>All in all, I would rank this book my favorite in the Harry Potter series. While it spends perhaps too much time on "who likes who" (although as a teen, what other topic is there?), it is a very entertaining page turner. In the end, you are left with the feeling that Harry is more a young man than a boy - that in the much anticipated 7th and final book he is going to step into the role that Dumbledore has been preparing him for during his time at Hogwart's. The anticipation is killing me!!
 It doesn't matter how many times you read this book, it is still a tear jerker. So much happens in this book, it is mind boggling. Harry, Ron and Hermione grow into fearless adults and realize just how much their friendship means. I still cry at the end for Dumbledore, Fawkes, Harry and Draco Malfoy who shows that he is not really evil but scared. A fabulous read - every time.
 Better than the previous one. At least Harry is less annoying and more of his old self, although teen angst is still quite his thing. His feelings of resentment, his frustration that life is not fair and his whining and complaining over it sure gets old sometimes. I have to applaud to JK for having the guts to stick to her plan to kill her darlings, despite the knowledge how infuriated and heartbroken the fans of HP will be.
 Fame is not the only thing that Harry Potter will have to worry about as he trains with Dumbledore.  Lord Voldemort's forces are on the move, seeking to dominate the Wizarding world.  I enjoy this story because it tells a classic story of an average teenager trying to cope with the burden of fame while struggling with world that is rapidly changing around him.  I would recommend this book not only to Harry Potter fans, but also anyone who relishes fantasy, fiction, and coming of age books.  A must read that should be introduced to every audience that can relate to the life of an average teenager. <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Young-Guardians-and-the-Genesis-Spell/dp/1432743821">The Young Guardians and the Genesis Spell</a>
 I just loved this book, it was a page-turner and as good as the five preceding volumes.  One thing, though--my eight-year old sister is beginning to read the Harry Potter books and I do not think she will be reading this one for a couple of years.  One theme touched upon is something that gave me nightmares as a kid when I first read Lord of the Rings (at eleven or twelve).  This is a great book, complex and involving, but with J.K. Rowling's fan base is so spread out over the spectrum parents should read this book themselves before blindly handing it over to younger kids.  Kudos to the author for not writing "down" to the younger audience, though!
 This is neither.<br/><br/>Half of the reviews I've read are fawning tributes to JK Rowling without much insight.  "Gr8 NeXt cHaPTeR inna GR8 sErIEs!!!!" usually accompanied by 5 stars<br/><br/>The other seem to be "weakest outing yet by Rowling" and fault character developement on their way to between 1 and 3 stars.<br/><br/>My opinion is that yes, there are character developement issues.  This, however, is a GOOD thing.  People have become so attached to the characters that they seem to treat them like old friends.  Most of all, they don't want them to change.  Fortunnately, or unfortunately, like all 16-17 year olds, they DO change.  Hermione is different in this book.  Good.  There was no way that the same Hermione would be accurate for a young woman.  Harry's different too.  Draco is different.  There have been a lot of people who complain about this, but given his situation, I can FULLY believe he would...  well, no spoilers.<br/><br/>Is it Rowling's best?  No.  Order of the Pheonix was better.  It was, however, necessary for the overall plot line.  (think Empire Strikes Back vs. Star Wars &amp; Return of the Jedi)<br/><br/>Read it.  Watch as Rowling sets up her plotlines.  Look for the hints and mysteries that she leaves.  One cannot judge one piece of a series without its full context.
 In this installment of Harry Potter, loyal readers had been promised that more answers would be provided than questions.  This is not the case for those of us who have spent the last two years compiling such an expansive list of questions that little short of a full appendix similar to Tolkien's for Lord of the Rings would satiate us now.  Still in the unanswered category: What did Harry's parents do for a living?  How exactly does Neville play into the phrophesy, if at all, and is he suffering from an overdose of memory charms?  How exactly does a witch or wizard turn themselves into a ghost?  And perhaps the most pressing, now, of all: Who is R.A.B. and what did he do with the Horcrux?  I know who most of you will be thinking of, but I think we're all in for a surprise with this one . . . I don't think Jo would be so obvious . . .<br/><br/>But questions that ARE answered include: How can Harry Potter *possibly* defeat the darkest wizard of all time?  Whose side is Snape *really* on?  And, of course, who is the Half-Blood Prince?<br/><br/>I will not say what those answers are, because I'm sure intrepid readers will want to discover that for themselves.  What I WILL say is that these aforementioned intrepid readers should be over the age of eight (if not ten) because this book contains one of the most frightening and most chilling scenes I have ever read in any book, and I am 22.  Also there are no typos in my title.  This book contains the tragic, stunning, heart-wrenching death of a *major* character.  I will not say who, but even those of us who have seen this one coming since Book IV could not have been prepared for this, nor for the treachery that causes it.<br/><br/>This book is wonderful, but once again we are left with questions, riddles, and unsolved mysteries.  There is no way of knowing right now what will become of Draco Malfoy, Harry Potter or Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.  But the speculation will commence shortly, and we'll all be waiting with baited breath for the final installment of this beyond-magical series.
 If you haven't read the book and are planning on it, I reccomend you avoid reading any reviews or message boards as you're bound to be spoiled to some degree if not completely. But I'll try not to be too blatant with what I give away.<br/><br/>Well, this book isn't bad, but there could have been so much in it to make it more substantial and fulfilling. It does seem like everything's being saved for book seven, and with all the loose ends and everything that needs to be done to make a satisfying ending, that book is bound to be a real tree killer. Either that, or the author will realize there needs to be a part 8. So much could have been poured into this book, but instead what we get is something that seems to skim the surface and avoids dealing with too many real issues.<br/><br/>The characters changed... yheah, the young characters change with every book, and I can deal with that to some extent, but do they have to become unlikable? Harry comes across as cold. His feelings aren't dealt with in depth. I'm one of the people who didn't mind his issues in Order of The Phoenix. He had every right to be upset and angry. Now, he seems to take things in stride and I'm left feeling like I don't know this character. Then there's Ron, who gets more and more immature with each book and really outdoes himself here. Nauseating behaviour. Even Hermione lowers herself, although she remained the most true in my opinion. Then there's Ginny, who acts nasty and superior all the time and who I didn't give a damn about. Meanwhile, Luna and Neville are pushed to the sidelines. More of their presence would have been especially welcome in this one. Let's hear it for the social rejects, who don't bow to moronic group behaviour.<br/><br/>The book is relatively short. I didn't mind the length of "Order", and if the next episode of a book series has to take 2 years or more to come out I say make it as long as possible! This book skimps on depth, insight and emotional impact. Not completely, mind you, but to the extent that it felt unsatisfying to me. It's also just missing too many little details and bits of fun, magic and humor. I understand they're at war and that things are getting more serious, but I still want a book that's as enjoyable as possible. And if there's room in the book for nauseating bouts of snogging, then there's room for some more enchanting elements.<br/><br/>Then there's the title, The Half Blood Prince. Ah, yes. Let's name the book after a small sideplot. If you're expecting a big to-do about this "Half Blood Prince" throughout the book, forget it. It isn't the main storyline. Instead, the main plot of the book seems to be exploring the youth of Lord Voldemort. This is interesting, but I didn't find it that exciting.<br/><br/>There's alot of darkness in this book, and alot of heaviness and cruel tragedy. I do not think this is a children's book. These books can be quite disturbing and this one lays it on in some major ways, though the coldness of the narrative makes it seem less substantial than it is. There's also more crudeness and sexual referances here in an attempt to portray the teenaged characters as "real". I just found it annoying and innapropriate most of the time. And there was really no place for the word "slut" in this book (though it was a villainous character who said it).<br/><br/>Some chapters are quite enjoyable and well done, and the book definately has its good points. It can be poignant, beautiful, intelligent, and exciting. Not a bad read, overall. It also, obviously, does advance the overall story of Harry Potter (to some extent). But it was dissapointing to me.
 I, along with millions of other readers, were thrilled to receive a copy of J.K. Rowling's sixth Harry Potter book, entitled "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince", on July 16, 2005.  And, like millions of other readers, I was barely able to put the book down for breaks and sleep.  This is the true magic of Harry Potter, his friends, his teachers, Hogwarts and the rest of the wonderful world that J.K. Rowling created in her fantastic series of books: the magic to keep readers, both young and old alike, glued to each and every printed word.  This is not the result of hype; this is the result of brilliant authorship by a gifted storyteller who has created a world filled with beauty, joy, surprises, adventure, strange creatures and intriguing characters, as well as dark figures, sadness and loss.<br/><br/>If you have read the previous five books in the Harry Potter series, then you will of course know that Harry's long-time nemesis, Lord Voldemort, finally succeeded in being reborn and called his former supporters, the Death Eaters, back to his side to serve him once again.  This is where "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" begins as England is being ravaged by unexpected storms, deaths and a collapsing bridge.  The Muggle Prime Minister is visited by Cornelius Fudge (the recently resigned Minister of Magic) to impress upon him the fact that all of these seemingly unrelated events, are, in reality, the result of the reborn Lord Voldemort (a.k.a. "He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named") unleashing new attacks on both the wizarding and muggle worlds.  Harry, at home for the summer with the Dursleys (Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia and Cousin Dudley), has received a letter from Professor Dumbledore that he himself will be arriving soon to take Harry to stay with the Weasleys at their home known as the Burrow.  Harry had not told the Dursleys about Professor Dumbledore's arrival, as he was still preoccupied with the tragic loss of his godfather, Sirius Black.  All the same, when Harry learns that Professor Dumbledore himself plans to give private lessons to Harry, Harry is awestruck and doesn't know what the lessons will entail.  He is, of course, thrilled that his visit with the Dursleys is short, as he much prefers the Weasleys' company.  However, members of the wizarding world are now living in fear as Voldemort and his Death Eaters, as well as the dementors who have joined them, are on the prowl; but the Ministry of Magic, even with its new Minister (Rufus Scrimgeour), isn't helping matters by arresting innocent people.  Things aren't quite the same either at Hogwarts, which is under tighter security than ever, due to some expected (as well as unexpected) staff changes.  One change is the addition of a former teacher, Professor Horace Slughorn, who well remembers Harry's mother, Lily Evans Potter.  All in all, though, it is quite an exciting year as Harry, Ron and Hermione are now studying only those courses required for what they each want to do in preparation for their eventual graduations from Hogwarts.  Hence, Harry &amp; Ron are especially happy that they won't be studying Divination any longer with Professor Trelawney; but they also each have more homework than ever.  Of course, Hermione doesn't mind that at all. There are quidditch matches, love affairs and the usual antagonisms with Professor Snape; but it is also a time of war.  Harry's private lessons with Professor Dumbledore are certainly not what he had expected, but neither is a used textbook that he is lent to Harry, whose previous owner is a mystery.  Suffice it to say, Harry and his readers learn a lot more this year at Hogwarts; and the final chapters of the book will no doubt keep readers on the edge of their seats as they did me.  If you want to know what happens in this exciting, gripping and sometimes shocking story, read the 652-page "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince"; as you won't be disappointed.<br/><br/>Overall, I rate "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" with a resounding 5 out of 5 stars and very highly recommend it to everyone.  I very much thank J.K. Rowling for deciding back in 1997-1998 to sit down and write out her wonderful stories about Harry Potter that she had originally created for her children.  Not only have her children been entertained and their imaginations expanded, but also the young and old alike who have had the opportunity to fall in love with her stories.  I very much look forward to reading the seventh book, which is also expected to be final book in the series.  Again, thank you J.K. Rowling.
 Overall, I was a bit disappointed with the book.  I took a guess on who would died, and I guessed right!  It was a bit of a let down....However, I do think maybe this character will come back in the next book.  As someone said - it was a sacrafice and the circumstances leading up to the death...just seems too simple.  The ending was no surprise to me either.  It sort of reminds me of Lord of the Rings - in terms what needs to happen vs. what they want.<br/><br/>I feel the book was a bit rush.  Should have continued the story line from the previous book.  Although, I do enjoy the new story lines created.  I hope the last book is well-written and not rushed...in other words give it the 900 pages....<br/><br/>I do believe this book is starting to target an older crowd.  I'm an adult reading a children's book.  However, if it was my child reading this book - I do think it's a bit dark and wordy.<br/><br/>I can't wait until the final book.
 I think this one is as good as any of the Potter series even with the ending it has. My problem was that it's been a couple of years since The Order of the Phoenix, I'd forgotten so many details. At 652 pages it's over 300 shorter than Phoenix but still a very easy book to read for it's size.<br/><br/>The book actually starts off with a nicer tone than Phoenix, which I liked, especially Dumbledore's meeting with the Dursley family. I think I noticed a little more swearing in the last book or two, this one might have just a bit more with damn or hell being used 3 or 4 times by one or another of the kids (it probably won't really bother anyone who is able to sit down and read the book).<br/><br/>Professor Snape is still cast as evil/ or not, there are a couple of surprises here about that- Draco Malfoy is still up to no good but you'll get a surprise there too.<br/><br/>The general formula seems to be much the same, if you liked the others you'll like this one as well. I hate waiting for the next, and final, book, It will have so much material in it that I can't see it being as "Short" as this one, I'm expecting it to be at least 700 pages.
 In the penultimate chapter of Rowling's epic things continue to go from bad to worse. Harry is taken under Dumbledore's wing and given the whole truth about Voldemort, betrayals occur and deaths proliferate and the series takes an even darker turn. Rowling stays true to her vision here and other than some unfortunate "snogging" scenes which are, of course, an example of life goes on in spite of the horror, but they are poorly written, serving as an afterthought and lacking in real emotion. That being said this book stands with the best of the series and properly prepares the reader for what the last book must be, Harry's final reckoning with Voldemort.
 Really enjoyed this. The tale continues.  I know now why this got such great reviews.  Really well written and the story line never leaves me wondering where it's going as I have no idea.
 As I write this many months after release, I cannot imagine that anyone who has not read this book does not know what happens, but spoiler warning anyway!<br/><br/>In this next to last Harry adventure, we are beat over the head with Harry being an angry young man. Perhaps he should be, but this doesn't really make sense with his being overall a very heroic person. This bothered me.<br/><br/>Once again we are subjected to the very worn out Ron / Hermione arguments in the midst of being clueless about their real feelings for each other, although there does seem to be a glimmer of hope at the end. We are also treated to the VERY tired 'Harry not allowed to play Quiditch' plot device, as if harry doesn't have enough to be miserable about. This is just silly by now and I'm not sure why nobody has the intestinal fortitude to point this out to the author.<br/><br/>The main problem with this book is it is 600 pages long and nothing of consequence happens until the final 200 pages. Yes, this book is one long character sketch of Tom Riddle / Lord Voldemort, how he came to be. This is mostly interesting, but a more acomplished writer would have found a way to work it into the story as it moves along, not simply drop it all at once. The "Harry gets the memory from Slughorn" storyline was merely maddening in its length and the information retrieved from it was not at all earth shaking enough to justify the amount of time spent on it.<br/><br/>The 200 pages where things do happen were interesting enough. Dropping another big mystery in the pot was a collosal mistake, however. I will be shocked if Snape does not turn out to be on the side of the angels and mildly surprised if Dumbledore is really dead. See Gandalf. And it was hard to get into that scene with Snape hurling a curse that looks so much like abra cadabra. I laughed more than I cried. Harry putting off being with Ginny at the end so he can go find and kill Voldemort was just silly. If Rowling wanted to make that believeable, she should not have made Ginny such a strong character. Obviously she would be a great help to Harry in his search and destroy mission. But just as obviously, Rowling has no room for a '4th musketeer' as it were. Clearly this is a Harry / Ron / Hermione thing. I guess that's OK, but, again, it makes Harry look silly telling Ginny to wait for him.<br/><br/>On the plus side in this book, we did not have to endure any of the Dursleys save a quick mention at the beginning. That plot device was boring and overused after book 2.<br/><br/>Being the kind of writer she is...verbose....Rowling has left herself way too much ground to cover in the supposedly last book. There are 4 objects to find and destroy, the mystery of who has one of them as well as Voldemort himself. Ron / Hermione to sort out as well as Harry / Ginny. I think part 7 will be a 2 volume set or 1000-1200 pages long.
 The more dark n twisted it gets with each successive story. Can't wait to read the next  one in the series.
 Are you one of those adult readers who was somewhat disenchanted by Harry Potter Five and its one-note adolescent crankiness? Did you decide to hold off on reading the latest until the lines of Muggles at the bookstore dwindled?<br/><br/>Well, prepare to be re-enchanted and find yourself a book before some overexcited fan gives away the ending in your presence. This is a distinct hazard as the ending raises many more questions than it answers. The day I finished the book a young friend eagerly demanded my views. My theories and interpretations being different than hers we were soon engaged in a lively debate. When called to join the rest of the company, she balked, saying, "I've been waiting DAYS to discuss this with someone who's read the book."<br/><br/>Wow, I thought, it's a long time since I thought of a book in quite that way. Never, really. When I was a kid, the only books we all read were those assigned by a teacher and discussed in class. Not exactly occasions of great excitement. My young friend is an adult now, but she wasn't when the first book was published here in 1998 and all her friends were caught up in the phenomenon.<br/><br/>And this is a series that has grown up with its fans. Rowling has long said that each book will grow darker as Harry matures and his archenemy, the evil Lord Voldemort, grows stronger. Voldemort has now gathered his old followers, the Death Eaters, and is inflicting mayhem and murder on the magical - and Muggle - world. Wizards and witches are dying and disappearing daily and the Ministry is kept busy modifying Muggles' memories to make attacks by marauding giants appear to be out-of-season hurricanes. There's no disguising death, however.<br/><br/>Hogwarts, protected by powerful enchantments, is a sea of calm in all this. Potter is now 16, and while he's as stubborn as ever, he's learned to weigh consequences, at least in personal relationships. Girls are a major concern, but he worries about how a romance between his best friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley will affect their friendship, particularly if they break up. And he struggles against his own interest in Ron's younger sister, Ginny: "He would not risk his friendship with Ron for anything."<br/><br/>Harry's magic has improved, but he is not above cribbing from an old, borrowed potions book. Its previous owner, the "half-blood prince," has scribbled improved potions recipes and antidotes in the margins, along with ingenious hexes and counter hexes, most, but not all, harmless and amusing. Thanks to the book Harry is tops in his potions class. He harbors hopes that the mysterious "prince" is actually his dead father, James.<br/><br/>But while youthful crushes, Quidditch rivalries and failed attempts to apparate from one place to another without leaving behind a limb preoccupy most of the students at Hogwarts, including Harry, a dark plot is hatching within the school and Harry seems to be the only one taking it seriously.<br/><br/>We know from the preface that Harry is right about his nasty classmate, Draco Malfoy. Lord Voldemort has given Draco an assignment. It's a task beyond his years and his mother is so frightened she has extracted an unbreakable vow from Professor Snape to protect her son.<br/><br/>Despite his wise headmaster's inexplicable trust in Snape, a supposedly reformed Voldemort follower, Harry has always suspected him of being a secret Death Eater. With Draco sneaking around Hogwarts at all hours, often disappearing off the marauder's map (this map shows everyone's movements and is visible by saying, "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good"), Harry is more certain than ever that Snape is helping him.<br/><br/>But when he tries to tell Professor Dumbledore, the headmaster refuses to hear him. Harry is spending more time with Dumbledore this year, getting private lessons to aid him against Voldemort in the coming struggle. Most of these consist of memories viewed in the pensieve. This marvelously named object is a basin in which the user can relive other people's memories as an observer. The memories concern pivotal moments in Voldemort's past: his unhappy birth, isolated childhood, and scheming schooldays at Hogwarts. The chilling portrait that emerges is the evil antithesis of Harry's own orphaned past.<br/><br/>But as Rowling builds toward the great struggle between Harry Potter and the evil Voldemort, she does not neglect the humor and delightful detail that make these books such a magical world. As usual, it's many of the inconsequential moments that make the atmosphere sparkle.<br/><br/>A crotchety old headmaster portrait in Dumbledore's office, for instance, is grumbling about Dumbledore's too-lenient treatment of Harry, when he hears about Harry's encounter with a thief in possession of objects from Harry's late godfather's Grimmauld Place house. " `That mangy old half-blood has been stealing Black heirlooms?' said Phineas Nigellus, incensed; and he stalked out of his frame, undoubtedly to visit his portrait in number twelve, Grimmauld Place."<br/><br/>And Ron, in potion class, during his prolonged falling out with Hermione: "Ron was sitting beside Harry with his mouth half open, doodling absently on his new copy of Advanced Potion-Making. Ron kept forgetting that he could no longer rely on Hermione to help him out of trouble when he failed to grasp what was going on."<br/><br/>Much is revealed in "The Half Blood Prince," and much remains to be revealed. More complex and layered than previous books, I'd say this was the best so far, except that the first book, which set up the amazing wizarding world, was such a magical marvel. Fans will be impatient to get their hands on the next and last Harry Potter adventure, though a little fear and doubt will accompany the eagerness. Rowling doesn't necessarily guarantee that all will turn out for the best.<br/><br/>-- Portsmouth Herald
 It's true that many of The Half-Blood Prince's 672 pages are devoted to exposition.  You will learn a lot about the "dark side" in this chapter (and it feels just like that, an elaborate and excellent prelude to the Finale to End All Finales.)  My experience was to be cursed... I read some prat's spoiler on another Internet forum!  The post was designed to ruin the book for anyone unfortunate enough to glance over the topic, and its author found this quite amusing.  If you rolled up the kid's sleeve I am sure you would find a grinning skull with a snake coming out the mouth.  Even with the ending spoiled, I couldn't put "The Half Blood Prince" down and was glad to find it holding more than one surprise. We encounter Rowling's most ingenious idea yet-the mechanism for Voldemort's immortality.  I will only say it's a poetic invention that proves Rowling far greater than some miracle of marketing.  (Although anyone who doubts her, six books into the game with no end of imagination in sight, is probably the same kind of person who sniffs at Stephen King.)  "The Half Blood Prince" has neither the angry thrill of "The Order of the Phoenix", nor the labyrinthine intrigue of "The Goblet of Fire".  Instead, it becomes the most startling and poignant entry into Rowling's universe.  The way it leaves you wanting the conclusion, you might want to bring a wand to the next midnight rush!
 The latest offering from the JK Rowling's Harry Potter series is an absolute triumph deluxe! This was a truly well crafted masterpiece, well paced and expertly told.<br/><br/> It has been a bit of an academic study over the years to follow this series, and I'm not talking about the story of a boy wizard; to see the evolution of a writer from the first to the last is amazing. Truly the writer has grown in her skills right along side the enchanting characters she created.<br/><br/> This newest book is devoid of her usual explosions of information followed by lagging chapters of monotony. This book has a pace and polish unseen in previous installments. Rowling has crafted an expert tale of intrigue, suspense, coming of age and excitement. She has learned how much is too much...and not once did I feel overwhelmed in the magical universe.<br/><br/> She wove a tapestry that drew me to the end of the book and left me excited for the final chapter. The difficult themes that naturally arise in a fictional world plunging into a war of good and evil are traversed with a delicate touch. She hits on the ideas of romance, betrayal, and death with a skill of a master weaver. She has left hints and tidbits through the story and buttoned up all the story concepts into one final thread that leads to the next book.<br/><br/> More than any other of the Harry Potter series, this book left me thoroughly satisfied. I traveled the emotional rollercoaster happily and when the ride was over...I wanted to run back to the line and wait for another go.<br/><br/> Those who have not yet caught the Harry Potter fever should know...it's worth reading all the other books just to get to this one. Truly a triumph deluxe!
 Yes, I waited in line at midnight. Yes, I traded theories with my fellow HP-addicts after turning the last page. Yes, it was everything I'd ever hoped it could be! (Oops, got a bit carried away there.) At any rate, after suffering along with Harry Potter's teenaged angst in the previous book (Order of the Phoenix), I was glad to see him lose the hormones and gain some maturity in Half Blood Prince. This may be Rowling's most character-driven installment so far. The plot, while still mysterious and suspensful, is not quite the heart-pounding thrill-chase readers have grown accustomed to. Rowling also seems to have invested more in the actual writing and editing than in the last couple of books, as the prose seems much leaner. As the series progresses, her reliance on Jungian archetypes and traditional hero mythologies becomes increasingly apparent--something for older readers to ponder. (Not to metion all those book snobs who think that just because something's popular it must be trash! Sniff. Sorry--hit a nerve.) So, in short: buy it, read it, re-read it, and wait eagerly for Book 7!
 Although this book is lacking in some sections, it is this reader's belief that Book 6 is merely a stepping stone for Book 7.  It was a chance for us to say good-bye to a beloved character and to know the sort of connection that they had with Harry.  I will admit that the book did indeed seem to lag at certain parts for no apparent reason and that the constant, "Malfoy's up to something," attitude was slightly tiring.  However, I think that many people's expectations had grown after so many wonderful books.  In my opinion, Harry Potter has become more than just a plot and a book full of twists.  It's become a world in itself and to be able to go there for no reason at all seems fulfilling enough.<br/><br/>Many people have also had a problem with the ambiguity of the ending such as R.A.B.  Book 7 will clarify everything.  These books can no longer be thought of as self containing.  Book 6 makes many references to past events in all of the other books (some obscure) so therefore, cannot be expected to be held in one book.  This is a series for a reason and I therefore applaud Rowling for her courage to face her readers and write what she felt as opposed to what they felt.<br/><br/>I have only read the books once, so therefore, would only consider myself a fan and not an avid fan.  People have to understand though, that this book was your last glimpse of a character (or so it would seem).  The truth is, we don't know what Rowling is planning next.  No harm came to Harry by the antagonist in this story and when the victim pleaded with his attacker, it could have been taken more than one way.<br/><br/>I will admit, however, that I'm a bit confused as to how Rowling will fit everything into the final book.  For those who have read Book 6 (without spoiling) there are four horcruxes left.  How will Rowling manage to touch on each journey and recovery of the artifacts or will she not have to?  Book 7 will have to be well over a thousand pages in order to complete the plot and satisfy readers' palates with the last book in the series.<br/><br/>In conclusion, I hate to think that so many people would turn there back on an author simply because of an ending that wasn't uplifting.
 I have read all the books in the series in order and I have seen how each book grows in maturity. Really the fourth book in the series (Goblet of Fire)was the turning point in the series in terms of how mature the content is. The maturity in the content at this point in the stories plot is very neccessary because of age of the characters and the seriousness of the plot. Why many see this book as not as good as the others, I on the other hand thinked it served its purpose on moving the plot along and setting up the story for the seventh book. The only thing that I felt was the downfall of this book is that it was not as long as I would have liked. The book left me wanting more and I can not wait for the seventh book. I have heard that Rowling is in the process of writing th seventh book right now and could possibly be finished at the end of this year and hopefully it will be released in 2007 because I know the true Harry Potter fans cannot wait for the seventh book.
 For some reason I always think that the Half-Blood Prince is my least favorite, but once I read it again I get caught up on the magic. I love the character development especially in this book as the Trio cease to be angsty teenagers and become more mature and serious. It's painful to watch them grow, but it's also beautiful. What I dislike about this book is the role Snape plays and how he's then interpreted. I know he's supposed to be the double agent who sacrificed everything for lily but that doesn't mean that he's a hero. He's a selfish jerk and I hate him.
 In this penultimate installment of the seven-book Harry Potter series, J.K. Rowling has done a wonderful job setting the stage for Harry's final adventure.  From the first chapter--where Rowling shows that the recent tragic events in the Muggle and Wizarding worlds are related--she had my attention and kept it all the way through the final devastating pages.  Many questions were answered, but alas, it seems that many more were posed.  In Half-Blood Prince, we learn much about Lord Voldemort's past, the sources of his evil and power, and the ominous task that Harry must now face.  And while we see less of some of the characters we have grown to love, we get to know others much better, and we are introduced to a few new arrivals.  Harry, Ron, and Hermione (although they have some rough moments) become even closer and more committed to one another--and it seems that this unbreakable friendship will be invaluable to Harry when he sets off for his next adventure.<br/><br/>One could argue that there is a bit much romance going on within the castle walls, but to that I say: They are 16 and 17 years old!  I think Rowling remembers what it was like being in high school quite well.  And more to the point, she reminds us that even in times of war and tragedy, life must still go on.  (Oh, and go Ginny!)<br/><br/>The book is extremely well written, and obviously very carefully planned out.  Half-Blood Prince made me laugh out loud, shake with anxiety, stare shocked and saddened at the pages before me, and shout with joy.  I will admit that I was devastated after death of one of my favorite characters--so much so that for while that negatively colored the way I felt about the entire book.  But after stepping back from it, talking with my friends about our favorite parts, and going over the new clues, mysteries, and theories about the next book, I realize that Half-Blood Prince is along side Goblet of Fire as one of my favorite books in the series.  And when I'm honest with myself, I realize that that character's death was inevitable, perhaps necessary.<br/><br/>It is important to recognize that each of these books is just one chapter in Rowling's epic story.  This story, from the very beginning of Sorcerer's Stone, has been about Harry's discovering who he is and discovering his role in the ultimate fight against an evil, murderous, dark wizard.  The story started off light hearted enough, but of course it had to become increasingly darker and more unsettling.  We are currently in the middle of a war between good and evil.  When viewed in the context of the series, I can't imagine a better set up for her final installment.  I can't wait for Book 7!<br/><br/>Incidentally, here is how I rank the Potter books (with the understanding that they are all excellent):<br/>1. Goblet of Fire<br/>2. Half-Blood Prince<br/>3. Prisoner of Azkaban<br/>4. Order of Phoenix<br/>5. Chamber of Secrets<br/>6. Sorcerer's Stone
 I have been a huge fan of these books since I first sat down to read "Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone" those many years ago. Like the rest of the world, I was blown away by JK Rowling's fully formed and deceptively simple world, and its endlessly compelling and likable protagonist. As the books have continued in this series they have become better and better, while also managing to become more serious without sacrificing their trademark wit and charm - and allowing the characters and their situations to grow in a convincing fashion.<br/><br/>So, as I completed the sixth and second-to-last book in the Potter Series, "The Half-Blood Prince", I was astonished that Rowling still effortlessly combines all these elements together in another rousing and satisfying (although thoroughly saddening) adventure/fantasy yarn. We learn that the wizard war begun in "Order of the Phoenix" is getting increasingly violent and the muggles are noticing too. Not only that, but members of the Order itself are emotionally and physically shaken by recent events, and Harry is becoming an intelligent, determined and thoughtful man, gleaning valuable and necessary insight into Voldemort's mysterious past (more clearly defining his key role in The Dark Lord's future) and at the same time learning far more about love and loss in these dark times.<br/><br/>Rowling has always used these books as metaphors to reflect our own world and also to examine human nature, especially love, and nowhere is this more evident than in this installment. The book is frighteningly succesful in evoking a post-9/11 atmosphere by using Voldemort's return to power as the turning point. The students are routinely subjected to Secrecy Sensors, Hogsmeade is no longer safe, and even Hogwarts itself is no longer a secure fortress that many think it to be. The favorite aspect of Rowling is also continually touched upon - love. Almost all of the characterizations in this novel focus on the strange results of love - either directly (as in the wonderful passages with Ron and Hermione) or indirectly (in the Pensieve showing Voldemort's history, revealing that Tom Riddle was forever altered by his parent's disurbing relationship).<br/><br/>The Half Blood Prince himself, and what he does, I will not reveal, except to say that his role is not as cut and dried as it appears to be and I believe the seventh book will shed a lot of light on this. However, the disparate story threads involving the Prince's vast knowledge and how it leads to the stunning conclusion are carefully built over the course of the plot. Along the way, many other threads or ideas from previous books (especially "Chamber of Secrets") are pushed in even further and more illuminating detail. And Harry is so carefully and meticulously brought to life - with all his fears and insecurities from early outings manifesting themselves as determination, intellect, resourcefullness, not to mention compassion and leadership - that by the end of the book, even as we feel a great sense of loss as he loses yet another person close to him we also sense that he is emotionally and mentally prepared to handle the inevitable final confrontation, in more ways than one.<br/><br/>In short, "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is easily the best of this remarkable series so far - and given what has come before that is saying quite a bit. You really care about Harry because you understand him so well, and as he grows before our eyes you can't help rooting for him ans his friends to prevail in the last battle. Regardless of what the future holds for Mr. Potter, the present holds many rich wonders for us readers and the hints of the possiblities to come are tantalizing. Hats off to Ms. Rowling, once again she weaves her popular spells on all of us with charm and grace uncharacteristic of any author in a long time. Call me enchanted, as I'm sure you will be too.
 I noticed that many of the low ratings in early reviews came from disappointed readers who felt the 6th book, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, either just did not live up to their expectations, or else did not present a natural evolution of the familiar characters. I easily disagree, coming off a very enjoyable trip through the wizarding world with this installment.<br/><br/>This latest entry was very entertaining, but in hindsight seems to be clearly a transition between Book 5, The Order of the Phoenix, and the final book due in a year or two where everything will come together, get resolved and tie up neatly, rather than a purely stand-alone story. It is a very worthwhile read but I think a lot was intended to set us up and put everything in place for the last book. Was it too long and did it contain unnecessary entire chapters? No way! If you enjoy Harry Potter, you'll love jumping back into this familiar world with characters you've come to care about or hate, moving through places we have been now six times.<br/><br/>Spoilers:<br/><br/>Yeah, the revealed half-blood prince wasn't what everyone had been expecting. More of a ummm than a whoa! Many people guessed it'd be Dudley Dursley or Neville, not who it turned out to be. What is the significance of this person to the overall story? It looks like we have to wait until the next book to have that piece of the puzzle fall into place.<br/><br/>Here are some thoughts about what will happen in that last book: Obviously, we'll get the inevitable battle to the finish between good and evil, between Harry and Voldemort. We've been expecting this since the first book, of course, but we learned that there are 4 pieces of Voldie's soul out three that need to be tracked down and killed before the two adversaries can get down to final business. Hermione and Ron will be with him, even though the setting will not be at Hogwarts.<br/><br/>Dumbledore can't be dead for good, or at the very least, gone for good. That is  pretty clearly foreshadowed. I can't guess if he will be literally brought back to life or reappear through some nifty magic, but there is no doubt that what happened to him was planned. Perhaps if everyone thinks he is gone and out of the way he can make more progress in the search for the key to killing Lord V.<br/><br/>Snape, too, was clearly acting on Dumbledore's orders including the death-delivering curse that flung the Headmaster off the tower, spiriting Draco Malfoy away and avoiding hurting of killing some of the students and Professors fighting Death Eaters at the bottem of the tower stairs. That seems obvious. There were also clear clues that he was trying to not inflict damage on Harry when he could have.<br/><br/>I also bet that Percy Weasley will turn out NOT to be the major prat that he has seemed for the last two books, but will turn out to be secretly working undercover for the Order of the Phoenix, keeping an eye on the inside of the Ministry of Magic. It must be deep cover because his Mother and brothers and sister don't know, but I think he will turn out to be a good guy, and get welcomed back to the family.<br/><br/>The DA (Dumbledore's Army), or at least some of the regulars, will join in the hunt and battle with Voldemort and the Death Eaters, especially Neville and Ginny. I also expect to see Grawp play a bigger (no pun) role in the final book. J K Rowling has been a master at weaving items, spells, locations and characters in earlier books that come into play again in later books. Look for bigger roles also for Bill and Charlie, Norbert the Dragon, and even Sirius Black to possibly play a role -we still don't know where exactly he went when he fell into the covered arch in the Department of Mysteries. Dead, remember, is not always final in these books.<br/><br/>And what is the real story about Petunia Dursley, Lilly's sister? She knows more than she has let on, knowing about Dementors and Azkaban, as we read in book 5. Finally, Draco Malfoy who evolved from a stuck up spoiled jerk on the wrong side in books 1 - 5 into Varsity on the bad guy's side in book 6, showed true regret and repentance when push came to shove, (or wand came to spell, if you like).<br/><br/>So, to sum up, this was a fine and worthy addition to the Potter series; it moved the story along, added information and explanations that filled in gaps from the past, and set us all up for the grand finale. Now, who can wait two years for the final book??
 (Warning: Mild spoilers)<br/><br/>After my first reading through the Half-Blood Prince, it instantly found its place as my second-favourite of all the Potter books, right after the Prisoner of Azkaban. Compared to the Order of the Phoenix, it's more compact, has less stuff that could've been left out, and, in my opinion, feels more balanced plotwise.<br/><br/>The major problem, and the thing that keeps me from giving the 6th Potter book a full 5 stars, is the fact that although it gives some answers, it leaves far too many open questions. The answers and explanations that book 7 will hopefully give us may and probably will change the way how I see the events in book 6, and perhaps also my opinion of it. If it was all as simple as it seems on the surface, without any thinking and speculating, then I'll be extremely disappointed. However, if there is something more interesting there, and if it makes sense, I'll appreciate this one even more.<br/><br/>On the personal, fangirlish level, my biggest concern is that in having that one character murder that other character, Rowling might've actually killed two characters, leaving the victim truly dead, and the attacker truly irredeemable, just another of those all too many characters who're evil to the core and that's all there is to it.<br/><br/>So, I'm awaiting the 7th book with much anxiety and concern. Based on what takes place in book 6, it will probably be somewhat different from all the other books, perhaps closer to basic fantasy than any of the rest (complete with the hunt of a set number of magical objects that're needed to save the world). I very much hope Rowling will stay true to her original style of telling familiar things, and surprise us with unexpected plot twists once again.
 Harry Potter is back for another adventure in the Half Blood Prince.  Unfortunately, some of the Harry Potter magic is gone.  Basically, this story moves along as Dumbledore shows Harry memories from the past in the pensive, other than that, not a whole lot goes on.  Also, J. K. Rowling tries to add a serious romantic element to the series, but from what she shows us in this book, romance is not her forte.  Also, I'd like to add that I didn't like the ending at all.  I won't spoil it here, but it ends on a big downer without much hope.<br/><br/>So should you buy this book?  Well, if you've read all of the books up until now, just admit to yourself that you can't quit until you read that final seventh book.  As a story in itself, book 6 isn't much, but it may add something to the final book, so just think of it as a two-parter.  If you're a fan, go ahead and pick it up, and if not, give it a miss.
 Being an adult super Harry Potter fan, and having read the last 5 books many times over, I was very disappointed in the ending of the 6th book. I felt it opened up too many seemingly impossible tasks for the last book, and who cares anyway, because my trust in the characters, their abilities and what they stand for has been damaged a good deal.  Hermione doing hexes on good people (as far as she knew then) for her own wants, other prefects tasks completely ignored and/or practically scorned, Harry attempting the Cruciatius curse 2 times, and Dumbledore - whom we are taught over and over again in previous books that we must trust no matter what - dies by the hands of the person he insists we have to trust. Where is all that incredible power-the only wizard Voldemort was ever afraid of? Plus we are lead to believe the trio of friends won't even be going back to school the next year! All these things really took the trust out of me about how this series will end. The only thing we can trust is how amazingly long it will take to get the last book in print.
 Something is absent from the latest Harry Potter book.  Oh, Harry continues to mature, his understanding of the world continues to grow in sophistication, and the battle between the good and evil forces grows ever more perilous.  The plot moves forward toward the ultimate confrontation between Harry and his nemesis.  Voldemort's character grows ever darker.  Harry looses a valuable ally.  In between, he learns more about magic, shows up Hermione, and develops a romantic entanglement.  The writing is crisp and moves along quickly.<br/><br/>However, I found a big part of the charm of the previous books to be the delightful richness of the world Rowling drew.  This book, while exciting plot-wise, lacked the well-developed detail that characterized the previous books.  Nothing about the world Harry lives in was further revealed, leaving the book somewhat flat compared to its predecessors.  If you already know the series, this is a great book.  If not, jumping in here will leave you wondering what all the fuss is about.
 What I most liked about this book was the careful attention given to the developing characters.  As we have now read six books with the same main characters, and particularly as they are going through an age of rapid change and maturation, it would be very disappointing if they did not reveal new depths and layers.  Fortuantely, Ms. Rowling has adpetly provided those layers, satifyingly giving the impression that we are getting to know very interesting people, in the midst of the chaotic goings-on of the world outside.  In an earlier book, Rowling, through Dumbledore, stated that "It is our choices that show who we are, more than our abilities." (paraphrased).  Studying these characters' choices through their latest adventures is a very satisfying activity.  Severus Snape continues to be painted as an increasingly interesting character, as do Harry and also Ginny Weasley, and, for that matter, Draco is fleshed out beyond mere bully-dom.  Harry and Dumbledore enjoy a much closer relationship in this chapter, which Harry craved so much in the last book.  As Ms. Rowling incorporates more mythological archetypes, her story arc is that of a Shakespearean epic, and certain pieces of this book are fore-ordained by following that formula, but it is in the details that the real pleasure lies, and in Ms. Rowling's affection for her characters.
 This is good enough for kids, and if seen as that, why worry about the mechanical and obvious plot and unimaginative language.  If seen as a more adult fantasy book, it mostly sucks, but the whole series is relatively vapid compared to more spelled out fantasy worlds like Tolkein or the Dark Materials trilogy.  There is little interest in this book in developing a sense of a greater, deeper world that extends beyond the action on the page.  The characters in this series are pushed around almost randomly, angry emotions one minute, happy emotions the next.  More importantly, if you would have the background of Harry Potter, with so much violence and heartache, this would be a central and growing feature throughout the series.  In other words, nothing seems to stick.  At the end of the lord of the rings, Frodo had taken so much physical and soul damage that he was no longer able to live in his world, Potter is essentially doing the same, yet it doesn't seem to have the same gravity.  We are being led around by the nose, a watered down mystery.  "spoiler" The whole  thing in the ocean side cave was silly, even Rowlings said so in the text, at one point having Dumbledore say "how crude" concerning Voldemorts enchantments, a very frank admission from the writer.  Anyways, for a child or early teen this book is fine, dark, sort of, but it sustains a world that was expected, my sense is that the last book will probably be even more mechanical and obvious
 wow this turned out to be an awsome book, i knew that i would never be dissappointed by a harry potter book. though i have no idea what so ever how she is going to wrap ALL of this up in 1 more book, theres so so so very much to cover. The end left me hanging and with much to think about, its kind of sad that we have to wait like 2 more years to get the 7th book (i think its already written also) but eh, all the more suspense i guess, yes very good, if you havnt read any of the harry potter books, or you wont let your children read it or soemthing because of witches n stuff, stop that and read them!, they are absolutly amazing books!
 Keeping up with the current "reads" of my students has been, for the most part, quite an adventure over the years. This series, indeed, has been one of the most enjoyable series of books I have conquered.<br/><br/>The characters in these books are univeral in type so that teens across the world can read and relate to the different facets of the internal struggles that befall them.<br/><br/>The way in which the characters, in the book, tackle these tribulations is a positive reminders that an author can impact the way young readers learn how to handle various trials in life.<br/><br/>These books are intriguing, well developed and have defined, for this generation, a series that should become timelessly classic for years to come.
 I love this book.  It’s so much wrapped up into one body of work. So many emotions felt. Long live Dumbledore.
 A lot of people are saying that they were bored with the middle pages of the book. I rather enjoyed it because, even though we all know that Harry hates Snape, it gives more current and personal reasons for his feelings. It goes the same for Malfoy. The death of a popular character seemed necessary to me, even though they are one of my favorite characters. While I agree that there wasn't as much action in this story, it is a good pivital point in the plot. It builds more to the series rather than be, as someone else said it best already, a stand alone book. I personally loved the meetings with Dumbledore and learning about Voldomort's past and why he is who he is. The Horcruxes are also a really great addition to the story. If I had to find a weak part of the story, I would have to say the revelation of the prince was very sudden. In retrospect, I think that it isn't as anti-climactic as one would think, the help from the prince throughout the book showed just how powerful they are which should give the reader a good idea of what they're capable of doing. Given that they are older and more powerful now, one would think that the prince should be taken a little more seriously. Overall, I thought this book was just as great as the rest of the series and am not sure that I can wait as patiently for the seventh book.
 Excellent read on the kindle. I had read the hard cover books when they first came out and had to wait as each book was to be published. It was terrific to read them all at once with no time lag in between. Great story for all agaves.
 Harry Potter series has been entertaining from the get go.  This one was on the dark side, which should be expected as Harry matured.
 Harry and Co. keep us entertained in yet another installment. Some have said the novel continues the slide toward "darker" Potter novels. I wouldn't say that this is any darker than the rest--it's just not leavened by as much humor as the earliest novels.<br/><br/>Overall, I found the plot fairly predictable--all along I believed that I knew who the logical Prince would be (I won't give it away) and then assumed that it wouldn't be that obvious. But, yeah, it was.<br/><br/>Also, I'm hoping that there's a surprise waiting for us in the last novel regarding that "Prince" so that the series doesn't degenerate into complete melodrama.<br/><br/>Overall, if you've enjoyed the earlier Harry novels, this won't disappoint you--except that the ending is like "The Empire Strikes Back"--everything is setting up the next novel. We're also left wondering if the "phoenix" will rise out of its ashes.
 You know, I've found that as Rowling's series goes on, it only gets better. As you read the six books, you can see Rowling's evolution as a writer. Her characters get fuller, the plot thicker, and her skills just improve greatly from one novel to the next. I though Order of the Phoenix was great, and that perhaps she had reached her apex as a writer. I was wrong. Book six is a great book, one of the best works of fiction I have read this year (providing, of course, you've read the first five books and have gotten to know and care about the characters--and that is something Rowling does well: makes you really care about these characters and what happens to them). It is by far the best of the series (after reading Phoenix I was ready for the next book, but had no trouble waiting, but I tell you, waiting for the final book is going to be agony, the story has gotten that good). It's also the most mature and darkest of the books, while still being appropriate for younger audiences. But it is a dark book, which I'm sure is one reason why I liked it so much. People say that a book is so good that you can't put it down, but this one that isn't just a saying, it is the truth. Especially the last 150 pages or so. I stayed up later than I had planned to because I couldn't go to sleep until I finished the book. This book is really the capstone of the series. In fact, it's so good, that I recommend reading the Potter series just so you can get to this book and read it with the full impact that is intended.
 This was perhaps the most gripping book in the series since Book 1, maybe even more so. The writing was funnier, more clever, and the third act was a white-knuckle ride. I'm looking forward to continuing the story and closing out the series with Deathly Hallows.
 I had to bump this review to 5 stars, I've long since finished the series and I have to say -- I was impressed.<br/><br/> As a person who had pre-judged Harry Potter long before they read it, I'll admit I was wrong and fully enjoyed this series. It's a heart warming and enjoyable series that easily takes the reader to a fun and magical world.<br/><br/> If you're reading the series and think it's a good time to put it down because you didn't like a book, my suggestion is to power through.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (year 6 at Hogwarts) is, unfortunately, the low-point of the series in my opinion.  It pains me to say so, as there are some important developments in the story, but it is definitely the weakest book overall.  Some reasons why:<br/><br/>First of all, the content of the story can basically be broken down into three main parts: exploring Voldemort's past, introducing the horcrux concept, and the ending sequence involving Dumbledore, Draco Malfoy, and Snape (with a couple of events leading up to it).  Besides that, it's mostly Harry "cheating" using a marked-up potions manual, and a whole lot of "romantic" shenanigans between the students.  The whole "Half-blood Prince" storyline is both unnecessary and distracting, as is the issue of the new teacher, Slughorn.  A lot of the book feels like an ill-advised attempt to make *something* happen in the sixth year, just so that the overall series would fit into the "obligatory" seven-year time line; it could all have happened in a few weeks just as easily as an entire year.<br/><br/>So, laying aside the fact that the whole book is mostly a "set up" for book 7, rather than a story unto itself, there are a couple of things about it that I really like.  Both revolve around the development of ambiguously evil characters.  First, and most prominently, is the development of Severus Snape, who has always been one of Harry's least favorite people.  He also happens to be, in my opinion, one of the most intriguing characters in the entire series.  From the beginning of the book (well, the second chapter), we are already faced with the question of where Snape's true loyalties lie, and by the end, we have some drastic "surprises" that illuminate the issue.  Although his story is not fully told until book 7, this story is where his character really starts coming to the forefront.<br/><br/>The other part of the story that I really like is the story of Draco Malfoy.  Throughout the series, he has been little more than the snotty, prejudiced bully who irritates Harry and his friends, but I always suspected and hoped that he would have an important role to play in the end.  This book is really when we learn what Draco Malfoy is all about, although it does take a little reading between the lines at times.  His scene with Dumbledore at the top of the astronomy tower is the finest moment in the book, and it is rather sad to me that this is, for all practical purposes, the end of Draco's story (his involvement in book 7 is largely perfunctory).  I think that J.K. Rowling missed a fantastic opportunity by not giving Draco a larger role in the conclusion of the story.  More on this in my review of book 7.<br/><br/>Overall, as I've said, this is definitely the weakest book in the Harry Potter series.  You could read only from Chapter 23 to the end and not miss out on anything critical, and get the best of the book besides.  Well... Chapter 1 is a good bit of fun, but the middle of the book is mostly a load of waffle, worth reading if you (like me) don't want to miss out on any of the details, but irrelevant to the outcome of the story as a whole.
 Wow, I could go on and on about the storyline, but what struck me most was the emotional pull this story held.  The very depths of each character was explored a little, and I could no more contain my rage at shape than Harry. Nor could I hold back some pity for Malfoy as he struggled with wanting to be this tough guy but then having to live with himself if he did the deed he was put to. This was the toughest book emotionally to get through, but it was also the hardest thus far to put down.  Great job.
 This book was very captivating and flowed very well.  Really added the insight that ties everything together at the end of the series.
 As the trio of wizards that tens of millions of children (and many adults) have enjoyed these oast few years have started to grow up, J. K. Rowling has turned her considerable story telling talents to darker, more adult themes. The full blown war of Voldermort and his Death Eater minions to take over the wizarding world has begun, a magical parallel of the real world War on Terror. Wizards whom Voldermort considers enemies are disappered and even killed in acts of terror that Osama bin Laden might have carried out were he an evil magus.<br/><br/>Meanwhile, the enterwined destinies of Harry Potter and his friends are speeding toward the climax that will surely occur in Book 7. Secrets are revealed. A well beloved charecter falls. Enemies make themselves known. Love is found and lost.<br/><br/>An magical epic for our age.<br/><br/>--Mark R. Whittington (...)
 This is a gripping book, interesting, with a startling cliff-hanger ending.  I loved it and found myself reading until I was far too tired, late into the night.  A rude co-worked quipped, "It's a kids's book,"  but she was wrong.  The book is quite adult, although the only criticism I have of the book it that it is too young adult at times (read teen).  The parts about their infantile love lives is the only boring part.  The author dedicates paragraphs to brattish conversations between the triumvirate of Harry, Hermione and Ron.  That part is quite teen magazine.  I also would have liked a bit more description in the book, but as it is an action book and one of the longer books, I suppose it's fine just the way it is.  The ending shocked me, and I read it during a particularly difficult time in my life where I had a loved one missing and presumed dead, so it hit me hard.  I cannot help but feeling, however, that Ms. Rowling is playing with my affections and will somehow resurrect the main character who dies.  It also teaches a very good lesson about death that is hard to grasp:  The terrible pain of an early, sudden death.<br/><br/>I heartily recommend this book.  It's excellent!
 I love the Harry Potter series, it's fun, the characters are interesting and magic is "magical" and all in all a nicely paced read.<br/><br/>However, I found this book to be the darkest one so far and the ending was a bit of a shocker. I had no idea it would end similar to the 5th and I'm still reeling from what happened.<br/><br/>I gave this book 4 stars because I thought it was not as good as the previous books. The 6th book itself is an excellent read but I'm trying to rate it in comparison to the others. I believe this book is setting us up for the last in the series. I foresee a lot of magical ass kicking and probably the darkest story of all.<br/><br/>Just to let you know what other books I've read to give some way to measure my critique. Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time, Tad Williams' Memory, Sorrow, Thorn, George R R Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire and the "Artemis Fowl" books are some of my top favorites.<br/><br/>To sum up, an excellent book, darker than previous in the series, some exciting social developments, finally doing more "adult" magic and a great set up for the final book.<br/><br/>A must read!
 Like most sequels that are the next to last story, this one sets us up for the conclusion. I think it was done masterfully. This may not be to everyones liking because it means drawing distinct lines of which side people will be on when the final battle is fought. The romance helps us understand some of the tension that was there previously, but I fear for what may happen to it in the next book. The death of a close mentor is hard to swallow, but many know all to well what it is like to lose someone close. We learn to move on, but never forget. I can't help but to use "Star Wars" as an example of how some sequels can be dark, but yet enlightening. In the "Empire Strikes Back" we first learn that Darth Vader is Luke's father and Han Solo is frozen in corbomite. Dark times indeed, and yet I felt hope at the end of that movie that everything would come out okay in the next movie. I went nuts in waiting in anticipation of the final movie. I think many will go a little nuts waiting for the final book of Harry Potter. I can't wait!
 When I first read HBP, it seemed to me as if all the events that occurred in the previous novels and all the hints and clues we puzzled over were really leading up to this penultimate book. HBP is a turning point in the series: this is the beginning of a two-part story within the story of Harry Potter. The second half is Book Seven. Why do I call it the beginning of a two-part story? Because all the main mysteries have been cleared now, and there is no longer any need for hiding things from Harry as there is a new mission to undertake. This is the beginning of Harry's hunt for Voldemort. HBP and Book Seven together form the final chapter in the Harry Potter story, with HBP revealing the information which Harry will use in Book Seven to complete his task.<br/><br/>HBP is a wonderfully complex story. I love the way Rowling takes many different plot strands from previous novels and winds them together to form one thread, one story. The plot is amazingly intricate, and yet surprisingly easy to follow, which just shows Rowling's skill as a writer. There are also several new characters, all of them extremely interesting. I particularly liked Slughorn, (the new DADA teacher) and mainly for this reason: he is the first Slytherin not portrayed in a wholly negative light. That always irritated me, because the Slytherins all can't be evil, wicked Muggle-haters. That's an unrealistic and unfair portrayal of them. The new Minister for Magic is intelligent, but rather unscrupulous. Bill Weasley is engaged to Fleur Delacour - that's not a huge spoiler so I don't mind mentioning it - and the way Hermione and Ginny dislike Fleur is hilarious.<br/><br/>The character development is excellent. I love the way Harry and his friends have further matured in this book. If these characters didn't continue to evolve then the Harry Potter series would lose a lot of steam, and lose it really fast, because these are character-driven books. The plotlines themselves are gripping, but it's the characters that make this world what it is. That is partly why the story develops so smoothly and realistically. I also liked the way Ron, Harry and Hermione interacted in this book - you can see how their friendship grows and matures with each new novel. There's even a little romance: Ron's new girlfriend is hilarious, and I was thrilled when Harry fell for the girl I knew he'd fall for. Should I say the name? It's a big spoiler. But the clues leading to her have always been there.<br/><br/>We get a lot of backstory in HBP, mainly about Voldemort's origins and childhood. This is also very interesting, especially as it shows Voldmort's mother and father, Tom Riddle, for the first time, and all the events that lead to her escaping to marry him. We learn something of the Slytherin descendants (Voldemort's mother's family). Voldemort himself is completely inscrutable, as far as the evolution of his character. That's one thing I have a problem with - we don't really understand his early cruelty and cold anger and hatred. However, this book answers a lot of questions about his nature, as well as the secret of how to destroy him; there is only one way he can be defeated now.<br/><br/>The death in this book was shocking, it was absolutely heart-breaking. I thought that particular character would die in Book Seven, never did I expect that death in this book! I have to say that I was completely shaken. There are a lot of theories pointing to clues that suggest this person didn't actually die, but Rowling does not bring dead characters back to life. She has stated that very categorically. However, these clues are incredibly suggestive when you put them together, and I can only say that there was more to this person's death that we knew at the time. Perhaps the victim even planned the death in anticipation of the unavoidable murder that had to come.<br/><br/>Which brings me to the identity of this character's murderer. That was another shock. It forced me to completely revise my understanding of the murderer's character, which was hazy to begin with. I love this about Rowling's characters: they're so wonderfully complex and so have so many layers to their personalities. The murderer is deep, and even now we can only guess his/her motives - which is further complicated by the fact that the murderer seemed to be pained by the victim's death.<br/><br/>HBP is much darker than it's predecessors, delving deeper into death, pain and betrayal than the previous Harry Potter books have, but this does not take away from its power. It is probably one of the most riveting books in the series, and has what are probably the most shocking revelations apart from `The Prisoner of Azkaban' and `The Order of the Phoenix'. The characters are exciting and dynamic, even the "villains". HBP is proof that Rowling just gets better and better with each book she writes, and this is an admirable addition to the Harry Potter saga.
 J.K. Rowling keeps the suspense going in Episode VI of this excellent series. I finished reading it last night-read it in 3 days. It's a hell of a read. Those who love the series will not be disappointed. To avoid saying too much about this-the most intense and thematically involving episode in the series, I'll say one more thing: this is the darkest yet in the series, leading up to all hell breaking loose. If you're looking for a big twist, you'll be surprised. Thi time, there isn't one. There are TWO...and if I told you what they are, I'd have to feed you to the dementors. Get ready for the most intense episode in the "Harry Potter" saga yet. Rated PG-13 for intense thematic elements, mild sensuality and some strong violence.
 So much more emotional than the movie. Even more than I remember from having read it before.
 I admit it.  I love Harry Potter.  Every four years or so I suddenly go into Harry Potter mode and lock myself up for a day so I can devour the latest book. And I was not disappointed.  These aren't kids books anymore folks.  The latest Harry Potter is the darkest and most emotional of all.  I was hooked from word one.  After getting it at the Borders late night, I was up for three hours.  Then I told everyone not to disturb me in the car until I had finished as we began our family vacation. If you're looking for a well written easy read, Harry Potter is a good choice.  The characters are well developed, the plot has plenty of twists and turns, and happily, Harry has managed to leave his teeange angst in the 5th book.  Also:  look forward to Ron being a total douche.  Anyway, if you haven't read it yet, you ought to soon or someone will spoil the ending for you!
 I had to wonder if Rowling was letting someone else do the writing for her.  The overuse of adverbs, the sometimes incredibly trite dialogue,and  the wordiness was not what I was hoping for, especially since book 5 was so good.  I had just reread book 5 in anticipation of book 6, and it started off well enough, but once we got to Harry and co., the dialogue fell off.  The story is much more disjointed, too--the opening piece with the Muggles was dropped, and there were times when I wondered what had gone on; there were months unaccounted for in this story.<br/><br/>That said, it was still fun and interesting, although I will not reread it with the enthusiasm I had for the other five books.  Perhaps Rowling is just reaching for the growing-up of Harry by using such conventional and bubblegum language (after all, they are teen-agers).  The increasing darkness of the books is also indicative of being able to handle more frightening material, which this book is full of...another indication that Harry and his readers are growing up?<br/><br/>I hope her next (and last?) one will be written with more care.  Perhaps this is a fault of the editor, since I also found quite a few editorial blunders.
 WAHOO! I wish I could rate this book as 100 stars! *if I could I most definetly would* I keep getting thrown off guard by how amazing JK Rowling weaves the story of Harry. I truly recommend this book to anyone. I heard this quote once, " a 'children's book' only for children is a poor book" This is one for everyone. The story of Harry, Ron, Hermione hasn't dimmed on bit since the last book, rather, the skill of Rowling seems even better than before. The stories of their life at Hogwarts are never boring, and as I am sure, like every other Harry Potter book, every time I read it, will continue to entertaine.  After reading this, I felt like I had just taken a soul journey, and after flying through the book, I was happily exhausted. And to anyone who thinks that these books are "dangerous" and promote witchcraft, well, then... get off the computer and bang your head against the wall. Harry Potter emits all that's good in this world, true love, friendship, loyalty, and good against evil. "Corruption of young minds" give me a break. The hypocrites who say that and who have not read the book can go stick their heads in the sand. This book made me laugh so many times, and left me in awe at the end. And, as usual with Rowling's books, I really want to read the next one! ( IF YOU WANT THE ENDING TO REMAIN SECRET, THEN DON'T READ THE FOLLOWING!!! - just a warning) * I wish everyone could read this book. Truly<br/>*<br/>*<br/>*<br/>The ending is specatcular!  It was awful. Not gross, bad awful, but awful in the true sense of the word. To be filled with awe. Rowling has truly laid Harry's character down in the shadow of the coming war and the sunset of golden days to come. There is a definite feeling of courage in the face of evil, which I think we can relate to in the world today. ( I'm not saying that's what I think Rowling did on purpose - to make us THINK, but it is easily clear to see the resemblance)<br/>  Harry, Ron, and Hermione display the true salt characterics of people, true love and loyalty does conquer all. Just to hear Harry confirm to Scrimgeour that he's "Dumbledore's man" was beautiful to me. No more adolecent ranting, Harry has carried the weight of the prophecy, and Dumbledore's death with grace, and is forever loyal, and TRUE to those he loves.  And the part where he hears himself say to Scrimgeour " He'll never truly be gone as long as those who stay who are loyal to him"<br/>  I liked how Harry embodied the feeling that the death of a person is not only a time for sadness, but a time to remember all the good times! And to honour that person with what they would have liked : their friends to continue to laugh, love, and live.<br/>  I seemed to have started with the ending-  the rest of the book was simply hilarious! I loved the look on Ron's face when Harry finally kissed Ginny : "well, if you must" ahhh, it was great. I must have laughed outloud so many times, I haven't done that in a while, and I highly recommend it.<br/>  In good books, like I said, I always feel like I've been on a soul journey after I've finished. This book took me on a trip I would never regret going on. I can't wait to go through it again! I would say this is simply the best of all the Harry Potter books.
 One of the weakest offerings so far, but still in all, a good read. Its flaws did not cause me to put the book down, nor will they prevent me from pre-ordering Book Seven as soon as its availability is announced.<br/><br/>Rowling is still quite masterful at setting up what appears to be an obvious outcome, then turning our expectations on their heads. Fans of the relationships between our favorite characters will enjoy a few well-earned "Aw ...]" moments, and there is gut-gripping action aplenty. Notwithstanding, this book could have used a more assertive editor (it certainly could have used a more thorough proofreader--I was amazed at what slipped through), and I don't think that fifty fewer pages would have been missed in the service of tighter writing.<br/><br/>I get the feeling that the entire purpose of this book was to set up the climactic final battle in the final installment; and it does that quite effectively--it will be more climactic than I had anticipated (and I'll say no more about THAT). Other reviews faulted this volume for being weak in character development--well, after several thousand pages in five books, I think the characters are quite well developed already, thank you very much. Suffice it to say that it is assumed that the reader has already absorbed the first five volumes, and no quarter is given to anyone foolish enough to begin the Potter saga in Book Six.<br/><br/>But I mean, come on, let's face facts--is there anyone in the country who HAS read up through book five and WON'T buy this book? If you want to enjoy book seven to the fullest...just bite the bullet and read this one, flaws and all. You'll be glad you did.
 In the sixth chapter in the Harry Potter series, Rowling delivers another rousing adventure that is more emotionally charged than the previous books. Harry is now seventeen and in his sixth year at the Hogwarts school. The war between Voldamort and the wizarding community continues to rage on. Every day it seems as though there are rumours of attacks that bare the mark of the Death Eaters, Voldemort's close followers. Hogwarts headmaster Dumbledore, along with Harry, sets upon the task of discovering Voldemort's mysterious history to try and find a weakness that might be used against him. Meanwhile, Harry and his friends have new challenges to tackle at school. Luckily, Harry finds some surprising help from a mysterious figure called the Half-Blood Prince.<br/><br/>Once again, Rowling creates another masterpiece full of mystery and suspense with a surprise ending that will leave the reader in awe. This is, by far, one of the best books that I've read this year. Rowling's imagination is only surpassed by a writing style that allows you to be completely lost within the story.
 Entertaining and fast moving.  All the characters are very engaging.  Love it even better than the movie.
 This book was soo good. They have all been great, but this one really got to me. Once you are this far in the series you feel like you know the characters, and I have to say this book touched me, had me laughing and crying. The events that unfold have you turning every page dying for more. I believe once you get past book 3 the story stops being just for kids. This book was an emotional rollar-coaster, and yes I cried!!! I know it sounds insane to get so into a book, but I must say when you get this immersed in a story it shows that the author knows what she is doing. Cheers to Rowling...she has earned a place up there with Tolkien in my opinion!
 Another good one.  Really, if you are reading the series, do you need a review?  I think I liked Goblet of Fire and the Prisoner best.  Order of the Phoenix was my least favorite.  Not that the writing or story were bad, it just seemed like the characters were doing a lot of puberty related whining and brooding.  This one, the Half-Blood Prince was enjoyable and leaves a lot of unanswered questions, making me want to jump right into the next one.
 After waiting for two years for this latest installment in the Harry Potter series, I was rewarded with the Half-Blood Prince, which is definitely the darkest book in the entire series, and also the most revealing thus far.<br/><br/>Without giving anything away, we learn the backstory of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, and we also get to see a lot more interaction between Harry and Dumbledore, something I missed in the last book.<br/><br/>Also, as revealed by Rowling, there is the death of a major character during the course of this book.  All I will say is that when it came, it was unexpected and very disturbing - not only the character, but the manner in which the character dies.<br/><br/>There is of course the usual Harry Potter fare, Hagrid with his beasties, Hermione's brilliance, Ron's obstinance, and Harry - well, just being Harry.<br/><br/>Being 16 years old now, the trio have more on their minds than just homework of course, and there is a bit of "snogging" in the book, but not so much that it becomes annoying.<br/><br/>All in all, an excellent addition to the series.  It came out today, I picked up my reserved copy, and read it in one sitting. I am now thoroughly depressed that I will have to wait another two years for the next book, but it's certain to be a doozy if this one is any example.<br/><br/>Enjoy!
 There can be little doubt that this goldmine series is stacked with imaginative wonders and an epic struggle between good and evil matching Beowulf, The Lord of the Rings, and King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table. You might want to throw the Three Musketeers into that list too, in the form of Harry, Ron, and Hermione. True to her word, J.K. Rowling has evolved her characters as they age, and in this installment, she has carefully and realistically detailed the struggles and pains of adolescence in the midst of the mighty battle between love and hate, good and evil, and Harry and Voldemort. We learn much more of Voldemort, and I personally greedily sopped up every background detail as the pages skipped by with ease. Emerging from this book is the author's overall structure of the entire series. It's clear Rowling planned the whole wonderful thing out from the very first word. Now we can see how Voldemort came to be and why he is "evil." We can see what Harry must do as the "chosen one." We can understand what the next book will bring. But I bet Rowling has a bunch of tricks and unexpected turns up her magical sleeves. Perhaps those who are upset with the ending of this one may have their frowns turned to smiles in the end. And the darkness in this book may be the darkness before the dawn. Hooray for Harry and for bringing the joy of storytelling and of reading back into the lives of millions of children and adults.
 As many, many other reviewers have noted, this book has its good points and its bad points.  I'm working on my second read, and finding it rather slow going, but that may just be me, anticipating reading the ending again (which, frankly, was a bit of a downer, moreso than any of the series so far).  Unlike the unexpected deaths at the respective ends of the last two books, this was one that I'd been expecting, and rather dreading.  Moreover, this was the first book in which I didn't get some sense that the "good" had triumphed, be the triumph ever so slight.  Some of you will disagree with me there, but there you have it.<br/><br/>A few other things I noted: the book seemed somewhat disjointed.  Whole chapters would be devoted to one sub-plot, while other themes were left to stew without a mention in the background, rather than being woven together.  Also, important details were conspicuous only by their absence.  For example, what was the Order of the Phoenix doing this entire book?<br/><br/>And now for the good news: you'll notice that I gave this book four stars.  Rowling's characteristic humor prevailed, and there were a few "aha" moments where I thought, "hey, that's some really nice writing!"  Several plot developments were more or less expected, but a few details did surprise me, especially a romance between certain members of the Order, revealed at the end of the penultimate chapter.  All in all, this book is a worthwhile read within the context of the rest of the series.<br/><br/>Now, how long again until the final book comes out?
 Book V was the take-off, book VI left us in a holding pattern.<br/><br/>The reason book VI was so hyped up is because book V was so engrossing that the anticipation for this book could be no less than unbearable for true fans.<br/><br/>I am a huge H.P. fan...huge!! So huge that my adult friends think I'm loony for being so passionate about a "kid's book".  That said; let me say I was a bit disappointed by book VI.<br/><br/>I still can't explain why the book read so differently from the others, other than to say it seemed that J.K. Rowling's lost her voice.  It lacked real emotion and heart and instead read more like an informational pamphlet.  It just felt like we were getting an overview of everything without going indepth...lukewarm relationships, boring new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, lukewarm interest in Malfoy's clandestine activities, a brief and boring synopsis of Tom Riddle's troubled past, with a sketchy explanation of his adult rise to power... Rowling's didn't even throw in a decent Quidditch match for good measure.<br/><br/>Of course Dumbledore, with the help of Harry, was on a fact finding mission to learn what made Lord Voldemort tick, but it just didn't awaken my imagination or get me excited about reading it the next day.  The only chapters that had me on the edge of my seat were chapters 26-28, because they read more like the previous books, full of adventure, unfamiliarity and smart twists that had you thinking "wow, I didn't see that coming".  But then I got pissed that she waited until the very end to add any spark.  In short, I was waiting around for something amazing to happen, and it does in the end but it's too little, too late and too uninspiring.<br/><br/>I won't give away the ending, but let me just say that the death scene should have been more touching and emotional, however, I felt let down.  This of course can be a set-up for book seven, but previous death scenes have all been substantial and this should have been the most substantial of all.  I didn't shed one tear, and I can cry on queue.<br/><br/>I was not completely devastated by this novel, but I was disappointed.  The main reason being that I have to wait an entire year to see if she redeems herself and gets it right in the end.
 In Order Of The Phoenix, we see Harry finally shedding his slacker image, when it comes to school studies, and buckling down to become the preeminent wizard he needs to become in order to battle Lord You-Know-Who. In this novel he slips back and resorts to cheating in potions via an annotated book without seeming to actually learn how to do potions correctly without the book. I would have liked Harry to work a bit harder and develop the potions correctly on his own. This would have shown much progress toward becoming an Auror (a pursuit he gained only because Snape moved over to Defense Against The Dark Arts). Anyway, the big omission from this book was that Harry needed to expand the Dumbledore's Army club. I would rather have seen his friends win the battle over the Death Eater's because they were prepared well through the Dumbledore's Army training sessions given by Harry rather than through a luck potion. Showing some Dumbledore's Army dueling, trying out new needed charms and spells would have added 50 to 100 pages to the book, but it would have been integral to the story. Too much snogging going on here!
 What an author, if you haven't read any of the Harry Potter series you must start at the beginning with book 1. When I read this book, I could not put it down (have read it many times now). It is a real page turner, the characters are so real that I feal everything they do. It is hard to give a recommendation on this book without giving a spoiler. Don't be mistaken into thinking that these are books for children, I am an older adult and enjoy them very much. Professor Snape is a teacher you love to hate and yet wonder why he acts the way he does. Dumbeldore is the headmaster that eveyone would love to have. There is laughter and tears in this book and there I am with it all.
 I remember July 16th like it was yesterday. I recall sitting in a classroom doing work for my summer program at Duke University, tapping a pencil on my desk and anticipating our first break of the day. When our counselor said we were free to go, I sprinted down four flights of stairs, across the University lawn (passing the statue of some funny looking old guy), and slammed open the doors of the University library. Inside I found a hundred or so people waiting for the same coveted object as I was. When I got the book, I opened it up and immediately smelled it for that good old musty Harry Potter book smell. I couldn't have been more thrilled to read it.<br/><br/>About 3 months later Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince was sitting on a shelf in my closet. I was disappointed at the thought that I had only read 10 pages during all the time I had it. I will admit, however, that this was partly because the 652-page monster sitting on a shelf in my room intimidated me and I was having one of the busiest summers of my life. Fortunately, the book was added onto the reading list for my English class. Now that I had a legitimate reason for reading the book, I immediately continued the literary journey that had only taken me ten pages into the book.<br/><br/>I had some uneasy feelings when I began the latest Harry Potter. I love the first four Harry Potter books (I've read them all at least two times), but for some reason the fifth book disappointed me. I don't know exactly why; it just didn't have the magic of the first four books. Also, I thought that I had grown too old for the whole "Harry Potter mania"; that the book was too mature for someone my age. J.K. Rowling proved me wrong...very, very wrong. The sixth book went above and beyond my expectations. "Magical" doesn't even begin to describe how great this book was. Harry Potter definitely cast a spell over me.  For about the next week I was up every night reading the book for about 4 hours until I finally fell asleep from exhaustion.<br/><br/> Harry Potter has definitely grown up in his series of books. Harry Potter suddenly became real to me. When Harry Potter would get angry, or make a stupid decision, I would think to myself, "This guy is a real guy. That's something that I would do." One of the biggest strengths of the book was Rowling's ability to get the reader completely engrossed in the story. The book became a part of me. I felt like I knew every character better then I knew some of my friends in school. Unlike the first four books, the characters were very genuine. I could finally relate to Harry instead of just wanting to be him. The only potential problem with the book is that there is a lot of background that you need to know. One must read the first five books before reading this one. This was, of course, not a problem for me.<br/><br/>Overall, if you read the first five books, I highly recommend reading Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince no matter how old you are. The older you are the more you will enjoy reading this sixth book. I would personally lend my tattered, torn, soup stained copy, but I suggest you get your own because you will want to read it at least three times.
 This book is great! It shows J.K. Rowling's talent as awesome, and it has a great story line, as well as well used language and humor.It stands out in the Harry Potter series, along with the Order of the Phoenix and the Deathly Hallows, which I favor more considerably. J.K. Rowling has a sort of sense of what reader's want (although none of us wanted Dumbledore's death) and what hooks them, makes them go on in the series. However, since I read the 7th book before the Half-Blood Prince, I did not feel a need to obsessively pursue the next book, but I just can't stop re-reading the books in this series, this book especially. Harry has the experiences that really reflect our own fears, Snape's "betrayal", Voldemort returning more powerful, Dumbledore's death... Iv'e read this book many times, but I still can't put it down!
 I've always been a causal reader at best, I mean look, I review games, but there's something about Ms. Rowling's charming books that just sucks you in.<br/><br/> The Half-Blood Prince is Ms. Rowlings newest book is nothing short of amazing. Sure, somepeople might think that there might be to much new ideas and matireals used in the book, I thought there was a little bit of an overdose, but everthing intreweaves itself later in the story. If you overlook a fresh an new idea in the book, you might have to back-track in the book later. For example, I once was stupid enough to overlook the term 'mud blood' in the second book, and later while I was reading the Goblet, I got mad at my self and re-read the Chamber all over agian.<br/><br/> The story is once agian a whole new thing, Hogwarts is getting their faculty almost totally rearaged, girls are looking at Harry, becoming a potions prodigy, conducting dark spells, and Harry is once agian trying to find a way to defeat Voldermort. The climax is fanominal, I've never seen anything so big, it took me a few seconds to actually conprehend the climax. The falling action, the stuff that happend after the climax, leaves a mysterious ending, your not sure what Harry's plans are for his next book, I mean, you have and idea, but your not sure if Ron and Herminone will join. Will he go to school? Will he go to Godric's Hallow? This book is the defination of extrodanary.
 This has got to be one of the best books in the series!!!<br/><br/>It amazes me how J.K. Rowling manages to always come up with new plots and new twists when it comes to the story of Harry Potter. It never gets boring or cyclical. You can always expect one surprise after the next.<br/><br/>In HARRY POTTER AND THE HALF-BLOODED PRINCE, Rowling breaks down a lot of background information for the books before. She takes us into the past and delves into the history as well as lives of many characters, and proves to us that things are not always as they seem.<br/><br/>There is not much to say in this review, without giving away too much of the book, but I will say that it is the most emotional of all six installments. You definitely get a sense that finality is not far away.<br/><br/>There is of course death in the final chapter ... which is extremely tough to accept once you find out who, but what is harder to believe is the way it went down. This occurrence also will have HP fans wondering how in the world will Rowling continue the next phase of the Harry Potter series...
 This review is meant to set people straight who have read some of the other reviews. So....Quick and short; don't believe the early reviews. I read some just for the heck of it and those people did not know what they were talking about. They obviously hadn't read it and skimmed through it or something. One said that a ring became a magical object that everyone wanted and it was a rip off of "The Lord of the Rings", not even. ONe said that Harry must've been held back by Snape in Potions class because in this book he is a potions master. If you read the book you will understand this. One said that the teenage relationships got out of hand. Not so. Typical relationships we've been waiting to come to fruition. One said that the ending was a surprise and who died was a surprise. Not really. And one said that the ending wasn't sad, who cared if this person died. Not true either, well sort of.<br/><br/>Just remember that JK Rowling herself said that no major characters would die in this book.<br/><br/>Overall, this book was ok. I was a bit dissappointed at first as the writing is not the same as in the other five. The other five were more intricately intertwined. In this book she feels the need to create new history for us. We go back alot in this one. It gets interesting though in the later recollections. But the first several chapters I found to be really forced.
 I had waited since the announcement of the publication on pins and needles.  I could not wait to read it.  When I finally began reading _Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince_ I was immediately transported to Hogwarts.  I felt as though I had a "pensive" and Harry Potter allowed me to enter his memory. WOW... simply incredible.<br/><br/>Answered in this novel are the following: Who Harry falls in love with? Who Ron truly loves? Who Ron dates and snogs? Who are the true members of the Order of Phoenix? Who are the true Dark Eaters? Someone one doesn't suspect dies? Someone lives? But in the end Love prevails tho evil still exists.  Who are the real "Pure-bloods" ? Who are the "Half-Bloods"? The "Muggle-born" wizards?<br/><br/>If I were to describe this novel in one word --"AMAZING"!  By far this is J.K Rowling's "BEST WORK".  I dread to see the series end... tho I'm curious to see what lies in Book 7.  If I were to rank the books by "greatness"... 6, 1, 3,2, 5, 4<br/><br/>Happy Reading!!<br/><br/>~FallenMoon
 The wizarding world's turmoil is spilling over into the Muggle universe as this sixth book in the Harry Potter series opens. Sixteen-year-old Harry and his friends return to Hogwarts nevertheless, with their OWL exams behind them and their sixth year of schooling ahead. They're old enough for romance, and Harry is old enough in Dumbledore's eyes to learn some truths that the headmaster has kept from him until now. That's fortunate, because Harry soon realizes that Dumbledore - the last parent-surrogate in the orphan wizard's young life - isn't a well man. Is it old age, which comes even to wizards some day? Or is Dumbledore's clandestine role in the war against He Who Must Not Be Named exacting a terrible toll?<br/><br/>Dark fantasy relieved by frequent jolts of Rowling humor. A bit of an overdose of adolescents making fools of themselves where the opposite gender's concerned (although I was pleased by Harry's choice of partner). A traumatic death, a dramatic betrayal, and lots of opportunities to spend time with characters we've come to love. While this book is more a setup for the final volume than a complete story by itself, I found it thoroughly enjoyable. My one complaint is that the closing pages - oddly enough - dragged. Instead of an attempt at denouement, I'd have preferred a simple: TO BE CONTINUED.<br/><br/>Four and a half stars rounded up to five. Dare I admit that I've read it twice already?
 In "The Order of the Phoenix", the battle against Lord Voldemort burst into the open in spectacular fashion, but now Harry must try to return to what passes as normal in his life and try to focus on his school work.  This year, Professor Dumbledore is working one-on-one with Harry, digging into Voldemort's past, looking for clues that will help them defeat the Dark Lord.  Meanwhile, Harry is convinced that Malfoy is up to no good at Hogwart's and is determined to prevent him from succeeding in whatever nastiness he's up to.  The story builds to a dramatic and unexpected climax (sorry, no spoiler here!), and we're left wondering about the future of Hogwart's and whether Harry will prevail in his mission to stop Voldemort at all costs.
 In my  opinion The Half Blood Prince is the best Harry Potter book. The way JK crafts Dumbledore's dreams in the pensieve are engrossing and vivid to the point of perfection. The glimpses of Voldemorts childhood and subsequent rise to power are a stand out memory from the entire series. I make that statement as someone who has not read any of the books in  years. Also it is the only volume where Dumbledore is not just presented as the wise-old-man-who-can-solove-anything character.
 Harry Potter returns after the duel with Lord Voldemort in the previous book.  Now the wizard world knows that Voldemort has returned, and even the muggleworld is being affected.  This book explains the past and sets up the scene for the ineviatable final conflict which must come in book 7.  The revelations in this book are stunning - never take Rowling for granted - there are twists and turns to take the predictability away - there is passion and fun.  The characters are growing up, and their adventures are growing up.  The half-blood prince is revealed - and you know what?  You've read it here first - I don't think he is evil - I think he will be returning to fight with the good guys in book 7. As for the dead - Harry says he can't raise people from the dead - but I also predict that somehow the dead will help Harry in the final conflict.  This book is the second best in the series for me - the first being 'Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone' where I first started on this magical adventure.
 I love the Harry Potter books. Let's be absolutely clear about that. I loved this one too, every bit as much as the previous five in the series. However, a small part of me can't help asking, as Harry matures and the storylines get darker, is this really still a children's series? Sure, Harry at 16 is appropriate for those who have grown up with him, eagerly anticipating each new release. But what about those younger kids who are just discovering the series, reading them back to back rather than aging along with Harry? There are themes of corruption, death, and approaching war that get stronger in each book. I'm not sure I'd let a 10- or 11-year-old read this one.<br/><br/>Having said that, I still loved it! With each new release, J. K. Rowling draws the reader further into Harry's wizarding world. In The Half-Blood Prince, the typical Hogwarts scenes abound--magical lessons, Quidditch, sneaking around after hours with the invisibility cloak, and detention with Professor Snape. Harry is still no good at Potions, but receives unexpected help this time around from the Half-Blood Prince. Just who the Half-Blood Prince is turns out to be a bit of an anti-climax, so I'm hoping this will come into play again in book 7. Harry and his friends are, at 16, well entrenched in adolescence and all that means, so crushes and jealousies are well represented too. On the darker side, Lord Voldemort's Death Eaters are wreaking havoc in both the magic and Muggle communities, and the magic community is in now perpetual fear. Harry believes that, at Hogwarts, Draco Malfoy and Professor Snape are in league with Voldemort and up to no good, but has a hard time convincing others of his suspicions despite mounting evidence. He also learns much about the origins of his nemesis, Voldemort, and the dark magic he is capable of. We can only hope this new knowledge will aid Harry in the final showdown that is destined to occur in book 7. And on a very sad note, we lose a beloved character. Or did we?<br/><br/>This one perhaps lacks the whimsy and sheer wonder of discovering Harry's magical heritage that was present in the earliest books, but it's clear that Rowling is positioning characters and setting the stage for the dramatic events to unfold in the next, and final, book in the series. I have my own theories about the surprising twists and turns that plot might take, but I'll keep them to myself and wait to see if I am right.<br/><br/>Highly recommended, but read the other five first. Happy reading!
 No wonder my son wanted all the books once he read  the first one i gave him for Christmas.  He s 31 now and I finally have the time to read the series! 😍
 Harry enters his 6th year at Hogwarts with Voldemort firmly coming back into power.  It will take all of his skill to overcome the dark forces around him as well as deal with the regular stuff a teen deals with.<br/><br/>This book was just as good as my expectations for it!  I absolutely bow before Rowling's use of characters and the long-term story arcs that take place.  This is not the innocent Hogwarts of the first few books, and Harry and his pals are not the innocent kids they once were, either.  Rowling rightly assumed that if we're here with her in the 6th book, we know the background so she doesn't waste time rehashing old topics.  Instead she dives into unknown territory with both new and old characters.  At times I was devastated, elated, or amused but never, never bored.  And part of the charm for me is trying to decide what clues Rowling included in this one that will become a major part of the 7th and final book.  I can't wait for its release but like this one, I'm afraid it'll be over all too soon.
 I loved this book like all the others till the end. I didn’t like the ending at all
 The only trouble with the Harry Potter series is the long wait between books and that problem will be magnified between Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince and the seventh and final book.  J.K. Rowling has ended this newest book in such an exciting and dramatic fashion that it is both richly satisfying while still leaving many unanswered questions.  The new characters are interesting as always if not quite up to the level of the previous books.  The romance quotient is bumped up a notch for many of the characters, which is appropriate and handled well.  But the best thing about the newest Potter book is the driving speed of the narrative and the creeping sensation of darkness overwhelming everything.  Rowling keeps up this sense in clever ways even during what would have been ostensibly brighter moments.  A real treat.
 To tell you the truth, I ran out at midnight on the release night for this book to buy it, even though I was on my honeymoon.  My new husband, however, understands, as he has watched me run to the midnight parties for the last few book releases.  I just don't think he was so happy when I wanted to read while we were honeymooning.<br/><br/>This book picks up where #5 left off and it is just as good as the others.  I don't want to give away the ending (I know some reviewers have mentioned it) but you will be surprised!  This book, while full of the description and dialogue that Rowling fans have come to love, also takes us further into Harry's past and gives us a glimpse of what is yet to come in Harry's future.<br/><br/>If you have read the other books in the Harry Potter series, you definitely HAVE to read this book!!!!  Remember, there is only one more book to be released in this series and the books get better every time.  This one will be hard to top.
 I'll try to write this review without spoilers (difficult!).  This novel is closer to Chamber of Secrets or Prisoner of Azkaban than it is to Order of the Phoenix or Goblet of Fire, and I liked that.  It focuses more on the trio without introducing numerous new characters.  You find out some interesting backstory (though not about James and Lily, which is what I was hoping for), get a little romance (though not fleshed out enough in my opinion) and the typical Harry Potter mystery/quest portion.  The book could have been edited a bit better (remove the first few chapters about the impact on the muggle world and flesh out some of the relationships more) but that's a minor quibble.  A very enjoyable read, but I don't know how she's going to wrap the series up in under 1200 pages--lots of questions remain unanswered!
 I must say my first experience with the Harry Potter world did not occur until I saw the first movie in the theatre (relutantly dragged by my mother and nephews). I was hooked from that time on. I left the theatre and went and purchased the books. This sixth book is truly amazing. I am not sure how JK Rowling was able to create in such depth the Harry Potter world, but it is spectacular. I would recommend this book for ANY age person. I have already read the series twice and am looking forward to reading it again soon.
 I love all the Harry Potter books. Each and every one of them was like watching a movie; I was seeing it, not reading it. I have never come across a book that was so hard to put down. I'm an adult and these are my favorite books of all times. I don't understand way some people have a problem with them saying they are evil and all. It's just a story like any other.<br/>I was a little disappointed in the ending, I would have liked it to end differently but I'm keeping my fingers crossed for it to be not what it appears in the next book. Although if it wouldn't have ended this way, it wouldn't have been such a hot subject; she is very smart on how to get people talking.
 This book let me see how JK Rowling planned the entire series from the beginning.  I am not sure if this planning is a good thing that it reminded me so much of a heinous seventh grade English class in which we analyzed the plot turns of the great western, *Shane*, in which each chapter's events were demonstrated to culminate in a peak out of which the entire story peaked in the end.<br/><br/>At the end of Book Five, I was left wanting more of Snape's story.  Rowling had left a huge conflict hanging out there. And she successfully tricked me throughout the entirety of book six that she had left Snape behind.  Instead, the entire book was the development of Snape's story arc.<br/><br/>For this series is built on some essential conflicts and character arcs.  Voldemort is the major conflict and Snape is the minor one. (Malfoy is a cadence that shall probably return though in his usual minor plot role).<br/><br/>It is logical, then, that Rowling devote book six to bringing the conflict with Snape to a near resolution...for it yet remains to bring readers to the major conflict and to the resolution of both Voldemort and Harry's story arcs in the last book of the series.  I felt almost comforted that Rowling had set up a longing to get more of Snape and then proceeded to satisfy that longing...if albeit not as I would have wished: the author does not seem to believe that conflict can be resolved amicably.  Conflict is moving the plot as a destiny, and it can move the plot in only one direction.<br/><br/>With book six, the destiny moving her plot is now clear. While this destiny is not in itself pleasurable, there is pleasure in using this hindsight to go back to read the earlier books. Hindsight shows the brilliance of Rowling's attention to clues. Rowling likes her clues just as Agatha Christie did.  And they work similarly. All the clues are in book one, and clues along the way have instructed us as to how the story will continue. While the mystery of each story may not be in itself that thrilling (no development is given to the astonishing revelation of the identity of the half-blood prince, a shamefully contrived premise), following Rowling's plot-clues is thrilling for the reader, and the activity keeps pages turning until the end.  For what if we read the clues wrong and someone unexpected dies?  Our author has already told us very clearly--and very logically--with an easily misread prophecy, one that the characters of the book have misread consistently, what will be Harry and Tom's destiny. She will be faithful to her clues, to their most straight-forward and semantic interpreation, and to the principle of their ability to be longingly, willingly and optimistically mis-read.<br/><br/>Hope is the belief that all will come out for the good, when all signs point to the contrary.  I believe that Rowling's prophecy is the hook to read book seven. We will be turning the pages with all of Dumbledore's optimism that we will be proven wrong.<br/><br/>It's nice to see a bigger picture now, and yet it is rather deflating to me.  I had not expected Rowling to show such faithfulness to character and to plot development such that I would compare her to Stephen King.  I stopped reading Stephen King as a young adolescent when, having made the reader fall in love with the characters of *Pet Sematary*, he killed the innocent. For an author to kill a character that is innocent  is not a small moral task.  I pity Rowling her task in the seventh book, one that is both logical and yet deflating.<br/><br/>Reading the signs, there are some of us who await this seventh book with a sense of dread and obligation.  We need closure just as the author will need so that she can move on to other projects.  I wonder whether Rowling feels this way as she completes her story arcs.
 ...and I don't really read that fast!  I'm thoroughly fond of the Harry Potter novels, and I waited 2 hours from the stroke of midnight Friday to pick up Rowling's latest installment, but the last thing I expected was to be finishing Harry Potter 6 at 10:30am Monday, less than 3 days after paying for the book!<br/><br/>Not that I'm complaining mind you!<br/><br/>Oohhh is this a good book read!  The story is paced nice and tight - while Harry Potter 5 had a few words too many for this humble reader, Harry Potter 6 is appreciatively concise.  The words in this book (as I read it) feel like the choice morsels of a special, delicious meal.... enjoy it thoroughly while it lasts, but brace yourself so you're not too sad when the experience is over. With 'Harry Potter &amp; the Half-Blood Prince', my eyes ate until my heart was full, and there was very little indigestion. ;-)  The meal was good long-term, and I can savor its flavor for another 2 years (or, perhaps, 6 months, depending on when the next thing 'Potter' shall come along) without too much of a hunger pang.<br/><br/>Okay, enough talk about food!  Harry Potter 6 was an excellent read, and I highly recommend it (I know, among - literally - a thousand others, but it still counts!...isn't that great that you can use the word 'literally' when reviewing something that is literature!?... Okay, I'll stop now, promise).  The story of Harry Potter (which this installment makes very clear)  is ulitmately linear, not episodic, so make sure, if you're new to all this Potter craziness, (and are either giving in to hype, peer pressure, or simply suffering from the hunger pangs of wanting to read a good book) that you start from the beginning (Book 1), and progress from there (Books 2, 3, 4, 5...and so on).  Trust me, it's worth it, and it actually makes the whole experience easier, and far more greatly enjoyable (plus the pages decrease substantially down the line - with the exception of Book 5).<br/><br/>Who knows, a few pages of 'Potter' and soon you could become a faster reader, like me!  And when the last book of the series (Harry Potter 7) finally comes out at over 1000 pages, it won't hardly matter!  By then, it will simply mean  a larger helping of a delicous supper (with a sumptous portion of dessert)!<br/><br/>***NOTE TO THOSE WHO HAVE ALREADY READ BOOK 6 (alert - minor spoilers)***<br/>On a 'sirius' note (I couldn't resist), it's heart wrenching reading the last few chapters  of HP6 and seeing how bad things get.  The misjudgements, betrayals, and revelations are almost too hard to bear (but not so hard as to stop me from reading on)!  I've been trying to make sense of one particulary painful (and shocking) betrayal of trust.  The phrase that weighs on my mind is the 'Unbreakable Vow'.  Perhaps the reason Snape is so trust-'worthy', is because more than one such vow was made, but only one of such vows has been revealed.  If breaking an 'Unbreakable Vow' means certain death, then it would explain why Snape's loyalty is so consistently defended by Dumbledore, even when all signs point otherwise.  But then, if such a vow is so powerful, wouldn't it be easy for Voldemort to hold all the Death-Eaters accountable with Unbreakable Vows?  Perhaps the tragic actions carried out in the book are consistent with this 'secret vow', and actually mean victory despite appearing as defeat (for all of you who are confused by my words, the only possible way that could be is because you haven't read the books, so serves you right!  Go get started with the readings and come back to read this when you're done, then you'll understand what I'm saying)!<br/><br/>Well that's it for me!  Enjoy the books!  Read them over and over again!  This is 'Kind_Faramir' signing off!<br/><br/>Over and out!  :-)
 I have been entranced with the HP books since they topped prestigious U.S. best seller lists and word spread that adults were enjoying J.K. Rowling's series as much as children. In my case, that's certainly true. I am 50+ and love all of the HP books. Every one is a unique adventure full of delights &amp; surprises, with courage, wisdom, talent &amp; loyalty battling fiercely against cunning, treachery and evil.<br/><br/>IMO, the HBP story is perfect. I found the atmosphere, continuing character development, pace, and especially the relationship between HP and Professor Dumbledore very well done. The ending is a heartbreaker and cliffhanger. I can't wait to read the sure-to-be-stunning conclusion in Book 7, though I will never be ready to say goodbye to HP's wonderful main characters, the magnificent Hogwarts and countless other wonders of the HP world.<br/><br/>Read it and enjoy!
 Just doing another read through always a nice friend to return to this series. Nice to have books lile this that can be read again
 This is the sixth novel in J.K. Rowling's ''Harry Potter'' series. It is one of the shorter books in the series. I read it in about a month, and is very fascinating. A new Potions Master, Professor Horace Slughorn, returns to Hogwarts School of witchcraft and Wizardry. Severus Snape, the previous Master of Potions, succeeds the job of Dolores Umbridge and the job he wants most: Defense Against the Dark arts. Harry, Ron and Hermione attend Hogwarts for their Sixth Year. I liked how this particular novel had many intense situations, such as Death Eaters attacking the school, and just how well-written J.K. wrote the book. Like all the Harry Potter books, this one is very good. You should see the film if you loved the book!
 Wonderful continuation of the life of Harry Potter.  Never having been a great fan, I ordered the book as a gift for my daughter.  I found out that she had already been given a copy at midnight on the day of release, so I had a book to myself.  Not one for reading a sequel without reading the prior books, I went ahead and read the first 5 books within a three week span. This 6th book was as amazing as the first 5 - Figuring out the intrigues and dealing with the unfortunate death of one of the characters had me so involved that I hated for it to end.  I now understand what Pottermania is all about!  Bravo to JK Rowling!
 I give the whole series 5 star ratting. The reader must use his imagination in order to see this whole world that has opened up to him or her. Full of all the emotions one has within themselves. Sights, sounds, smells, emotions, all come alive in this series. I fell all ages can enjoy the series.
 I really enjoyed this book but the reader must be familiar with  things and events mentioned in all the previous books because as events unfold, you'll be thinking  "Oh yeah, now I remember" This book is a breather, the lull before the storm. It's not the magical childlike world of Books 1 &amp; 2 or the gripping action of books 3 (my favorite) and 4 (probably the darkest and saddest. Nor does is have the humor of Book 5.<br/><br/>A lot of the book deals a lot with the story of Tom Riddle. Rowling goes further than simply pure blood: Riddle's maternal side was deteriorating due to inbreeding.  Also, we find that werewolves have communities and may be more conscious in their wolfen state than previous thought.<br/><br/>Two things I expected to happen in Book 7 happened in book 6<br/><br/>Snape teaching DADA and Dumbledore's fate which is in stories of this nature like Gandalf the Grey becoming Gandalf the White and Obi Wan Kenobi joining the Force. (You probably know by now, Dumbledore "dies" and his portrait is now hanging in the Headmaster's office waiting to give sage advice to the current headmaster/mistress.<br/><br/>Some other things:<br/><br/>Snape: he's still an enigma despite what he does at the end.<br/><br/>Malfoy: he's about to grow up and learn what the Dark Arts is really about.<br/><br/>Narcissa Malfoy show's herself to be a devoted mother and Snape keeps his promise.<br/><br/>Emotional trauma can weaken magical abilities.<br/><br/>Relationships form and people fall in love.<br/><br/>The wizarding world of JL Rowling is really at its most vulnerable and it's just where she wants it.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is one of the greatest Harry Potter books in the series, many secrets that has existed throughout the series are finally revealed in this book. Although it is shorter than the previous book and still is as strong if not stronger than the previous.<br/><br/>I do not wish to spoiler anything but this book has surprise after surprise. Harry gets to spend more time with Dumbledore after complete isolation from him the previous year. Harry learns the secrets of Voldemort's past and discovers the secret to defeating him. Draco also becomes a more dangerous character this year.<br/><br/>The sixth installment of the Harry Potter series is worth reading over and over again.  And it also sets up Harry's task for the seventh book. Along with the beginning of the dark future of the wizarding world.
 This book starts off a little slow but it shows an important connection between the muggle and wizarding world. Chaos that only the return of Lord Voldemort could cause begins a depressing but wonderful book. I can't say that it's my favorite book due to betrayal and death, but J.K. has ceased to write a bad HP book. I had to restrain myself from finishing it in one day. The books have started to get darker but J.K. still manages to add details that i love. Hermione and Ron are caught between love and war, and harry finds someone, I dont care how noble he is, i am hoping that they get back together. At the end of this book i was sad and left empty but even that didn't stop me from loving this book
 'Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince' is the latest installment of wizardry mischief by J.K. Rowling.  While like all Harry Potter books the story is hard to explain in just a few words (without divulging spoilers), let's just say this book has the most drama and violence of all the books ... purely a battle of good versus evil.  The last third of the book has all the action.  Unfortunately the first two-thirds is rather dull.  But not to worry, the author has set up a nice segue for her next installment.  And yes, I will most definitely read it.<br/><br/>Bottom line: of course Harry Potter fans will read '..Half-Blood Prince' no matter what.  Not the best in the series, nor the worst.
 Details, Details, Details. Not cutting it at all. I hate to say it, but I was slightly disappointed in the book. I had read it twice by Sunday night (2 days after it came out), and I have to grudgingly agree with all the reviews that were lukewarm at best. There were a lot of empty conversations, unnecessary characters that contributed very little to the storyline, and not enough character change or shift of focus. None of the characters "grew" or deepened, and while we like them as they are, they should change, I think, to reflect the tremendous changes a human being undergoes in that time of life.<br/><br/>There were two great ideas that JK Rowling introduced, but didn't back up, explain sufficiently, or explore enough. First, the idea of non-verbal spells. It is agood idea, but it comes too late in the series. Why would Voldemort (or anyone else for that matter) bother with verbal spells that can be deflected or resisted, or at the very least, seen, when they can just curse someone and never get caught or prosecuted? Doesn't make sense with the first five books.<br/><br/>The other idea, which I like, but was unexplained and underdeveloped, was the idea of creating spells. It's a great idea, but it doesn't fit. How exactly do you create a spell? In the first three books, JK Rowling focuses on how to pronounce a spell with focusing the mind on a certain emotion, or mood. Now all of a sudden, Harry is practicing spells that he doesn't know how to pronounce, or approach? Not sound at all. Loose ends all over the place.<br/><br/>Then the plot.It is basically non-existent. I hate to say it, but it doesn't really do anything. For 652 pages we wait for Harry to become a wizard worthy of facing Voldemort. But even at the end of the book, even Snape can break easily into his mind, and fight him off without even a struggle, or a chance. Which brings me to my pet peeve about this book: Harry is not ready. He is continuously failing to cast spells, even in class. Why is he the chosen one, and how is he ever going to defeat the darkest wizard of all if he can't even pass potions without cheating? Come on, Ms. Rowling!<br/><br/>And another thing, JK Rowling spends page after page on useless, stupid fillers (like Luna's commentary, or Slughorn's little parties (???!!) when Dumbledore doesn't even teach Harry anything that could help him in his struggle! I liked the idea of the horcruxes, and of the glimpse in Voldemort's past. The series needed that kind of explanation - it unifies them. But still, the next book is supposed to be the last and in my opinion, there is just too much ground to cover for one book, especially since this one didn't cover any ground at all. It is unbalanced and I am afraid it might be a huge disappointment. That having said, I really do hope it comes out soon - regardless of what happened in books 6, we love Harry and hope that book 7 will bring a more satisfying, convincing development.
 I thought Books 4 and 5 were the sucky ones.  I was relieved to have Book 6 come along and be filled with action.  I felt it went much faster than Books 4 and 5.  For those of you saying this book was just "filler" until book 7 comes out...well, DUH, of course it is, I mean, JKR said there would be 7 books all along, so what makes you think there would be some spectacular climax in Book 6?  Personally I appreciated Snape turning out to be the bad guy, and although unfortunate that he died, I think that JKR tries to expose a fact of life - people can be mistaken about other people, and his death showed some of Dumbledore's humanness.  He wanted to believe the best in everybody, but unfortunately, everyone isn't good and doesn't deserve a second chance.<br/><br/>The reason I give the book 4 stars instead of 5 is that I agree with other reviewers - I don't know how Harry will ever defeat Voldemort because he clearly isn't that smart or gifted; he's primarily lucky and somewhat stupid.  I actually hope JKR kills him off in the end because it would be a refreshing and memorable change to see a series have the bad guy win in the end, ala "Silence of the Lambs."<br/><br/>Oh, and what was the point of bringing up the idea that Neville could have been the chosen one in book 5?  In this book JKR points out that prophesies don't always have to come true, so perhaps Neville will kill off both Harry and Voldy for us.
 Though it cannot be said that "Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince" lacks entertaining devices, nor that it has not been written as skillfully as its predecessors, it stroke me kind of disappointing anyway. And I came to realize that Harry Potter himself is the reason why I barely liked the sixth issue of what is about to become a literary soap opera.  Its main character is the favorite prey to stubbornness and bad temper. Potter does not struggle against his apparently unconscious determination to remain as the let-me-safe-the-wizarding-world-me-myself-alone, and since that is not an easy enterprise he is losing his temper permanently. Another Potter's annoying tinge is his  fake altruism. Even if he looks as the uttermost altruistic wizard, he actually behaves, for the most part, as a self-centered regular human being led by an almost unbeatable desire for revenge himself on his dark and feared enemy. So he has this constant paranoid drive which contributes to worsen the annoying atmosphere of this quite imaginative tale. I must confess that I prefer Potter's selfishness-proof companions. They are clever and funny. This time, Hermione's brain had to bow down before her hormones. So did Ron (and Potter himself). Hermione and Ron are the needed fresh air when Potter gets stuck with his obsessions. Notwithstanding what was said, Miss Rowling is a master of the parallel worlds and she has the knack for investing them with quite veritable traits of reality. One tends to believe that the Muggle World and the Wizarding World exist indeed. She just adds a high dose of magic to her well crafted writing, and that's it. Anyway, I'm waiting for the next books, which, I dare to forecast, will be no less than four.
 I love everything about the Harry Potter series.  I've loved every book and every movie, although I cannot say that none of them had faults, the faults were minor in comparison to the level of entertainment offered.<br/><br/>This latest book is full of grand emotion.  It's hilariously funny in many instances, Rowling's humor is fairly dry, typically English, but I found myself laughing out loud quite often.  I especially loved Dumbledore's comments and Luna Lovegood's opinion of the Aurors!<br/><br/>There is plenty of plotting, suspicion, spying and investigation.  Many questions are answered, but many crop up, especially as regards a certain Hogwart's professor and a certain student.<br/><br/>There is also a lot of teenage romantic intrigue, which is thoroughly delightful.  Not sappy or over-angsty, just right.<br/><br/>Then end made me weep and now I'm more anxious than ever for the final book!  I have my suspicions about the location of a certain personal belonging of Voldemort's...
 Volume Six in the Harry Potter series is an entertaining read for fans of the series.  Those who have read the previous Potter books will likely enjoy this one.<br/><br/>It is not as well done as some of the other books.  There are some plot lines that are nonsensical.  For instance:  Dumbledore, who is supposed to be so wise and discerning fails to see what any semi astute reader or character in the series should be able to see about one of the darker characters.  To avoid spoiling the plot, I won't go further on this point.  Suffice it to say, it will be crystal clear to readers well before the end of this book and was probably evident somewhere in book one.<br/><br/>Although it is a pleasant read for those who have read the series from the beginning, it is not done well enough to be a stand alone volume.  Those who have not read the previous installments will be lost by the lack of explanations of events.<br/><br/>The best thing about 'The Half Blood Prince' is the setup for the next book.  There are certainly several plots left open for follow up in book seven.<br/><br/>Readers who have enjoyed the whole series up to this point will likely enjoy this.  Those who have not read the others should start at the beginning and not jump right into this one.
 All in all, The Half-Blood Prince is, in my opinion, the best of the Harry Potter series. Gripping, suspenseful, emotional, and masterfully told, this is J.K. Rowling at her best. Not only does the sixth book in the series culminate the previous books in a fantastically paced ending, it is a near perfect set up for the final book of the series.
 Finally, Rowlings gets back on track with a nearly flawless connecting of the dots. I enjoyed this offering from page one. It was obvious she had an editor on this book because the punctuation was better and the writing tight. She has done a really good job of tying up loose ends from the first five books, preparing us for the final and upcoming work of the series. I liked this so much that I actually carried it around on vacation with me - even with the thing's truly hefty weight.<br/><br/>Oh, and the death in this book (won't say here in case you haven't yet read it) is VERY Tolkien-esque. Not at all a surprise if you're a Lord of the Rings fan, as Rowlings has admitted to being.
 If you are a Harry Potter fan, then this book will tear your world up.  If you are just curious about the world of Harry Potter, then I suggest that you read the other 5 books before this, because there are alot of references to the other books and the items that are contained in them that are made in the Half Blood Prince.  You cannot just have watched the first three movies and try to read this book, because there are stuff in the 4th and 5th books that you will miss and the movies do not show everything that are in books 1-3.  The lengh of the books are nothing because once you start reading the books, you won't be able to put them down.<br/><br/>A book has never put so much emotions in me as this one has.  All at once I felt excited, disappointed, determined, happy, devistated, and heart broken.  One of the members of the Order of the Phoneix is playing both sides and you will finally see where their loyalty lies.  You will watch Harry and his friends as they start to become of age and prepare for the finale of this book and the defeat of Harry or Voldemort.  You get to visit Voldemort's past (which Dumbledore thinks will help Harry to defeat his rival), see who can be trusted and who cannot, be with the characters as everything in their world is changing (and for some, falling apart), and experience the loss of one who everyone holds so dear.  If there is any book that you should ever read in your entire life, then the Harry Potter series is definitely a must!
 For a Harry potter fan like me, any Harry Potter Book is four stars or more! Choice is only between 4 stars and 5 stars!<br/><br/>I would give this book 4 stars. Its very interesting and clearly carries the story forward. Afterall we must not forget that its a series and we are still awaiting the grand finale.<br/><br/>My favourite by far is Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire , Book 4... I think it is the most exciting and gripping book in the whole series, one reason for that could be that each of the difficult "tasks" in the championship is unlike any other and keeps you guessing till the end.<br/><br/>Compared to Part 4, this book focuses much more on developing the story logically.Its a very mature book and Harry realises that he has to win the battle alone, not only for himself and those around him but also for all those who have given up their lives protecting him, all those who he loved.<br/><br/>The journey into Voldemort's early life through the Pensieve is most exciting and helps to understand why and how Voldemort became what he is, in understanding him so closely is the key to knowing how he can be destroyed.<br/><br/>The end leaves you sad and hungry for more, much more! I hope and am sure none of the fans will be disappointed or left unsatisfied once the 7th book comes out.<br/><br/>However its a long wait... it might be a good idea to re read atleast The Half Blood Prince before reading the next and last book!!!
 While I thoroughly enjoyed The Goblet of Fire and The Order of the Phoenix, this one just didn't have the same fast paced action as the others. None of the subtle ulterior plot lines were existent in this book like the others. The school year passed by in about 10 chapters. Then, in the last 150 pages of the book all the action picks up which was kind of dissapointing because I felt like about 250 pages were filler material. Nothing really even happened until they left to find the Horcrux. There were unanswered questions as well. Such as why did Dumbledore trust Snape? Why did it seem as if Harry never told anyone that Dumbledore was wrong about Snape? The mood of the book was overall very depressing as well. I assume Rowling was trying to make the book feel more mature; somebody in each of the last three books dies who is close to Harry. Each person that died meant personally more to Harry than the last-Cedric Diggory, Sirius Black, and finally Dumbledore. If things continue this way, in the final book the only person Harry has left to lose is Ron(more likely) or Hermione. With Dumbledore gone I can't imagine the seventh book being much better than this one and unfortunately it will be the last. I'm glad I saved money and bought the E-book instead.
 This book certainly gives you a lot to think about.  It focuses on Harry and Dumbledore's search for Voldemort's weakness, but at the same time we see people's true motivations, we glimpse snippets of how the characters developed into the ones we've known since the Sorcerer's Stone, and we face the most terrible tragedy Hogwarts has ever faced.  But the book, which we all hoped would give us some answers, leaves us with more questions instead.  It also does not give the same attention to the students' interpersonal relationships that we have come to expect from this series.  This detail is what keeps the characters alive for so many of us, and I sincerely hope that in the last book, Ms. Rowling will include more of it and bring them back for us.  It is an action packed, at times frustrating read, full of more mysteries at Hogwarts.  I stronly recommend it to those who are already Potter Fans, but if you're new to the series, don't start out by reading this one.  Also, keep in mind that this book has to sink to a lowpoint in the series for Harry to be able to grow up enough to fight Voldemort.
 I would rate all the books in the Harry Potter series 5 stars, and I really liked this one too. So mushy. There was alot of kissing, but I can deal with it. Really sad ending. i-i Its also darker than the last ones. I REALLY  want to watch the movie.<br/><br/>: }
 This is one that f my favorite Harry Potter books. I like the adventure. It does get a bit sad at times but it all works out in the end. I like the fact that it is not a sad ending but it is not ‘unicorns dancing on rainbows’. It is fun to read about new friends and adventures. May there be many more to come!
 The latest installment in J.K. Rowling's series was NOT a disappointment.  It was very dark and the ending (I freely admit I did not see THAT particular ending coming!)was almost unbearably sad.  But there were still flashes of humor to lighten the overall dark tone.  And I doubt that any real fan truly expected sunshine and roses in this one, so it really shouldn't have come as a huge suprise.<br/><br/>To address some complaints I've read...yes we read about the students and their "snogging".  I see this as part of Rowling's way of truly involving us in the world of Hogwarts.  Teenagers kiss, even in the midst of war.  I, too, would have liked to have seen more of Luna and Neville but their brief appearances were nicely done.  And I disagree that little new information was imparted.  On the contrary, I felt like we learned a lot.  Perhaps not brand new information, but the information we had was "fleshed out" and expanded upon.<br/><br/>Overall, I would place it in the middle of the series.  I preferred it to SS and GOF.  I still like POA the best and would probably rate this one as a tiny bit better than OOTP.  But, since I loved them all, placing in midway is in no way a criticism.<br/><br/>As to it's appropriateness for younger readers, my eight year old has read, listened to on CD or had read aloud to her all the books.  I was very hesitant about OOTP initially but she was not terrorized by it.  My advice to parents is that YOU know your kids better than any reviewer here.  Read it yourself, and then make your own judgement on if it right for your child.
 I gave this book a 4 and not a 5, because the time turner segment of Prisoner of Askaban was such perfect writing it earned that five.  With this book we are out of the dark and depressing atmosphere of book 5 and back to lots of kid interaction at Hogwarts, which is what I've always loved about the series.  The plot of this book was a bit simple, but the writing is still so good.  I loved it.  I enjoyed watching the kids become teens with all the associated hormones and love spats.  Who will finally end up dating who?  My 13 and 10 year old boys are not yet done with the book and can't wait to find out.  Just like the other books, no such thing as "typical " Harry Potter fare.  Each book is different and this is another keeper
 I spent most of my weekend reading JK Rowlings newest addtion to the Potter line: Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. What follows is a Spoiler-Free review for those that might be interested.<br/><br/>In case you haven't figured it out by now, these books no longer qualify as "children's literature". Possibly Rowling's greatest gift as a writer is her ability to capture the proper mood, voice, and subject material that is appropriate for the age level of Harry. Each book has gotten progressively darker and deals with issues that are more complex. The Half-Blood Prince is no exception. Harry is now 16, and dealing with adult issues. It is not a kids' book.<br/><br/>Now, that being said, it's not inappropriate for kids, just more along the lines of PG-13 rating. If a kid can handle subjects like abandonment, betrayal, revenge, death, sacrifice, and a bit of colorful language, then they should be fine.<br/><br/>As usual, the focus of the action remains on Harry. Ron and Hermione still play large parts, but don't seem to share as much 'screen time' as in the past. Instead, Harry shares more scenes with Dumbledore. Ginny and Draco are also brought into focus as plot devices. And of course, the Hogwarts staff, various members of the Order, and members of the Weasley family make their appearances and have subplots, which are touched upon. The main focus of the book is revealing Voldemort's past in an attempt to discover his weaknesses, and sets the stage for the final installment. Secondary focus is split between two other mysteries: Draco's mission and the identity of the Half-Blood Prince.<br/><br/>By turns HBP is suspenseful, amusing, aggravating (in a good way), joyous, intriguing, and depressing. As were the previous five, book six remains a character-driven tale. It's the characters as much as the mystery that compels the reader to keep reading "just one more chapter" before turning in for the night.<br/><br/>Of course, the focus of the moral message remains that it's a person's choices, more than circumstances, which determines their path in life.<br/><br/>I don't know if it'll be in contention for my favorite book in the series, but it was certainly a page-turner!
 Just when you thought that no Hary Potter Book could ever be as dark as "The Order of the Phoenix", J.K. Rowling presents us with "The Half-Blood Prince", a story with all the lightness of a lead coffin.<br/><br/>  While it is neither as plodding nor as cartoonish as its predecessor, this is no beach book.<br/><br/>  The few light interludes focus on the pleasures and pitfalls of romance--between witches, wizards, werewolves, and part-Veelas.<br/><br/>  The overarching atmosphere, however, is one of gloom, abounding in vivid descriptions of violence, pain, torture, and general bloodletting.<br/><br/>  In spite of all this, however, this book pulls off two nearly impossible feats; making readers feel some sympathy for the vile Draco Malfoy and giving them some insight into the grief felt by the earliest readers of Dickens' "Old Curiosity Shop" over the<br/><br/>death of Little Nell.<br/><br/>  Rowling is often accused of being derivative, and, unfortunately, "The Half-Blood Prince" gives those critics plenty of ammunition.  Dumbledore's thought processes owe more to Dr. Pangloss than Merlin; Villains explain their dastardly deeds at James Bond (or Austin Powers) length; and Harry has a bit of dialogue that suggests he is a fan of the film "Casablanca".<br/><br/>  A good book?  Yes.  A great book? Sorry, no. We'll have to wait for the next installment to see if Harry is also a fan of "High Noon".  But we'll always have Hogwarts.
 I was introduced late to the Harry Potter phenomenon; it was simply something I hadn't ever bothered with, and at over twenty I figured myself too old for such child's play. My first experience with the young bespectacled wizard was seeing, with reluctance, the "Prisoner of Azkaban" film in IMAX with some friends. I was immediately hooked, though in retrospect I'm glad it was through "Prisoner" and not one of the earlier works that I found Harry, as it is in Book 3 that Rowling begins to weave darker magic into her world and things really get interesting.<br/><br/>I was incredibly happy to hear, then, that Book 6 was to be "darker" and more "menacing" than all of its predecessors, particularly after having seen Rowling evoke darkness and foreboding so well in Book 5. It was therefore frustrating for me to put down Book 6 at 8 in the morning after an all-night read and realize that Rowling had done what I think was Lucas' biggest mistake with the Star Wars prequels: she had written herself into a corner.<br/><br/>Rowling, by establishing the necessity of a 7-book series, forced this book to exist, when the truly interesting parts of it could easily have been included as chapters in Books 5 and 7. Much happens here that is, frankly, dull: Ron and Harry get girlfriends and spend a lot of their time making out; Harry discovers a mysterious textbook that he uses to cheat in class; we learn more about Voldemort's troubled past (give us some credit, Rowling; we *expected* him to be a traumatized child). And Dumbledore, that bastion of reason and sense, behaves much of the time like an addled old codger, maddeningly taking his time explaining things that he tells Harry are catastrophically important. Perhaps it is lifelike to have Dumbledore make such mistakes and act like a fool, but I don't read Harry Potter for realism, and I don't like Dumbledore looking like an idiot.<br/><br/>Some new and unexpected things happen in Book 6 that are not without interest. We discover the titular Half-Blood Prince, whose identity is revealed but not explained except cursorily, and truly needs to be in Book 7 for me to be happy with it. Indeed, his significance is really presented in a way that makes me question why he has a book named after him.<br/><br/>Hogwarts gets another Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, this time a sycophantic bureaucrat named Slughorn brought out of retirement and fond of luxury and crystallized pineapples. He's hardly a match for characters like Remus Lupin or Dolores Umbridge, or even Professor Quirrell, in terms of being interesting or advancing the plot. Indeed, he feels more like he's just there because, as Dumbledore tells Harry, nobody has kept the DAtDA position more than a year since Dumbledore refused to give it to Voldemort, and so a new professor is requisite.<br/><br/>And, of course, we and Harry lose someone whose importance to the books cannot be overstated, and whose identity I wouldn't dream of revealing. This last particularly struck me momentarily senseless: it's just such a pointless thing, and casts doubt on another person we thought to be an ally, if a grudging one. Should Dumbledore's murderer turn out to be evil, it will put a serious dent in my esteem of Rowling's capabilities; it is simply too obvious.<br/><br/>More of how to defeat Voldemort is revealed, including the particularly important Horcruxes, bits of Voldemort's soul splintered off for preservation. And of course we see our beloved Hogwarts pupils growing up before our eyes, though Harry has (fortunately and not-so) grown out of the uber-brat phase that lent such tension to Book 5. All this is interesting enough, and provided me with a few startling "oh, yeah!" moments, where some hint of realization or anticipation dawned, but it never reaches the dramatic intensity and interest of Books 4 and 5, which in my view are the high point of the series so far. It seems more like filler, whetting our appetites for Book 7 and filling in a required gap in the hebdomad. Perhaps with Book 7 all will be revealed, and Book 6 will look better for it; until then, dig out "Order of the Phoenix" and "Goblet of Fire" and re-read those!
 All the characters are back.  Harry finds a potion book which belonged to a half blood prince.  He has a new potions instructor and manages to get very skilled in this class.  Also takes private classes with the beloved head wizard, and the story begins to get a little more complicated.  Loved it.  And if you're an adult who never read these they really are good.
 Harry Potter, is a VERY sensitive issue to many many devoted fans all the world over. And how can you blame them? Each book has been entertaining, the movies are just as entertaining (though lacking many plot details, but what movie isn't). And I have to admit, I was definetely in line to pre-order the book months before the release date.<br/><br/>So as a Potter fan myself, and out of respect to other Potter fans, I will try to give the most objective review without getting blasted by Potter fans and Mugglenetters ;).<br/><br/>This book, the sixth of the expected seven in the series, is definetely a good read. Despite the hype and expectations of many fans and critics, JK Rowling has not compromised on her story line, and has stuck to it, whether we lose a beloved character or not (ouch!). And you have to give her props for sticking to the reality she creates in her magical world.<br/><br/>Rowling is also able to maintain the personalities of Harry et al. while being able to age them, and that, is spectacular. I have to admit, I was vaguely irritated at Harry's rash behavior in Order of the Phoenix, but then I came to realise that Rowling had written Harry effectively as a teenage boy. And what more could you expect?<br/><br/>Half Blood Prince follows the same continuous development from book 1. It was fun to read and see Harry "growing up" becoming stronger, more outspoken, and thank goodness, more insightful about what is going on. There are plot twists, and although I have to admit, some of the events were predictable, some were not, and it was still an enjoyable read.<br/><br/>Ok, I hate spoilers, so without giving out much of the storyline, here are my compliments and criticizms regarding the plot.<br/><br/>Thumbs up: Story line sticks to what has been developing since book 1. Nice character development. Exciting events. Mysteries unfold, making you giddy for book 7 to see if your guesses are correct.<br/><br/>Thumbs down: One of Harry's "friends" who is, shall we say, threatened in the most "dangerous" of manners, shall we say, reacts rather "well" to it. Or rather, doesn't seem traumatized by a particular incident at all. And that totally threw me off. It was out of character and kind of put a speed bump in the flow of the book.
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is about a boy named Harry Potter. Harry is going to Hogwarts School of Wizardry for his sixth year to become a wizard. Along with his friends Ron, Hermonie and Ginny, Harry is fighting an evil wizard named Voldemolt. In their conquest to find a way to kill Voldemolt, Harry finds an old strange book use by a person called The Half Blood Prince. Harry finds this book useful in his potion making class and for learning new spells that have been written in it.<br/><br/> I chose this book because it has action and emotion. I think everybody should read this book because it is an exciting book. The text of the book is easy to read except for the British names. Overall, I am satisfied with the whole book. It will have you glued to your seats making you read more till the end. I would give Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince five stars.
 great plot, loved the characterization. Nice to have some humor along with the heavy drama. Very well written.
 I just finished "Harry Potter and the Half-blood Prince" few weeks ago, and I have to admit that I enjoyed this book immensely.  It's the best book so far, in my opinion, in the series, because it held my interest to the very end and has actually made me cry, as death and pain were inevitable in this book.  The book opened with the contact between Muggle and Magical Ministry.  They were discussing about the return of Lord Voldermort and his fellows, Death Eaters, and how to prevent the deadly destructions that had been happening in both Muggle and Magical World.  As things were getting darker and darker in this year, lots of interesting things are going on around Harry.  While attempted to know what Malfoy was up to, Harry had to deal with his Apparating lessons, the N.E.W.T. levels, the captaincy of Quidditch, the romance between him and Ginny, and (at last) the romantic arguments between Ron and Hermione.  Though this book surely would take your tears with an unexpected death of one of your most favorite characters, it would sometimes makes you laugh out loud by delivering many hilarious scenes with "Won-won" and serve as a hint to the possible romance between Hermione and Ron.  The parts I enjoyed so much are involved with Pensieve, when Harry and Dumbledore were exploring and witnessing the significant memory of his enemy, Lord Voldermort.  These memories helped me to have a better guess of L. Voldermort's destiny and what would happen in the last book.  Since this book particularly addressed Snape, the Half-blood prince, it revealed many important secrecies of him, but there were still many more remained mysterious.  For example, Why Snape, whom Dumbledore had been long trusted despite the fact that he was once a loyal Death Eater, killed Dumbledore without mercy at the end?  However, I still do not believe that Dumbledore was actually dead, but it was a set-up, which Dumbledore ordered Snape to fake his death. How could Snape make an unbreakable vow with Narissca to carry out the dangerous and immoral tasks, even killing Dumbledore, if Malfoy couldn't handle it?  I think J.K Rowling wanted to save every mysterious question for the last book, and then slowly unfold them.  This book made my curiosity uncontrollable and I can't wait 'til the release of the final book.
 I don't think many 9-12 year olds have finished the book yet.  All of the reviews I've read seem to be from adults.  As a 35 year old man, I can tell you my son has barely scratched the surface, but is loving it.  I have finished the book, I want to be able to discuss it with my son when he has questions, and he will.  J.K. has done a brilliant job again.  I hope this will open lots of conversation with my son about right vs. wrong, life and death, prejudices and bigotry, and love.  This book touches so many major themes in life.  I think a lot of us are missing the point.  It is obviously a series for children.  And what wonderful lessons my son has already learned.  I loved the book, It will not win the Nobel Prize for literature, but I am so thankful that a series of children's books selling millions of copies is teaching our children wonderful things.  Not just about imagination, and stories, but about life and sadly, death.  There were chapters that left me cheering, chapters that left me laughing, and chapters that made me very sad indeed.  There were a number of new vocabulary words my son will learn from this book.<br/><br/>I'm just a huge fan of the series.  I am both excited for the next book, and sad, because it may be the end, but my son has never been more excited about reading anything.  There is a real magic to these books.
 After much anticipation i read the sixth book.  It was everything that I thought it would be. There was life, death, happiness, sadness, and an all out sense of completeness.  These past three books have given us more insite on Harry, Albus, and Voldemort.  The constant battle between good and evil (a endless theme) is carried throughout this book. J.K. Rowling did an amazing job, as usual, to keep the evil and the good even.  The kids are growing, and as sad as it is, it will be exciting to see there next stage of life.... or at least as long as J.K. Rowling allows us to. These characters are timeless and will live on for generations.  It can created a frenzy that this electronic-filled world needs. A sense of relief, a kid can find as much thrill and enjoyment in a book as they do a movie or video game.  This is the age of learning how to bead playstation, and not reading dickens or shakespeare.  Cliffnotes are the closest some kids get to reading a full novel.  Well kids, and adults (Like me!) its time to enter the wonderful, thrilling world of wizards and witches.  Watch Harry grow into being a teenager and fulfill his duties as the "chosen one" and the "boy who lived".
 J.K. Rowling gives the reader a multifaceted tale of love in all of its forms in "Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince." The book is fixed as a shining addition to the Harry Potter series. It contains elements that have been used successfully in the previous books while retaining its own unique qualities. Rowling's powers of character development are at their height in this installment. Harry transforms from a peevish teenager to one on the verge of manhood. "Half Blood Prince" casts doubts upon Snape's character. The way in which his true colors are shown prove heartbreaking and leave numerous questions. Rowling even elicits pity for Draco Malfoy, a character previously engrained in the realm of the dark characters. Malfoy's integrity undergoes a severe test, and he seems to be cracking under the strain. Rowling beautifully highlights the relationship between Harry and Dumbledore as they become fellow crusaders against Voldemort. There are even forays into Voldemort's past, which prove interesting, though they do not reval as much about him as one would like, and they are presented in a staggered manner that reads a bit like an Old West serial. In the middle of all of this, the students fall in and out of love. Rowling recalls Jane Austen in her touching descriptions of teen love, and hate. The sparring between two characters recalls Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Darcy of "Pride and Prejudice" fame. The constant descriptions of "snogging" may be a bit irritating, but they are also true to life. The "Half Blood Prince", from whom Harry receives help in unusual ways, is an interesting twist. The identity of the Prince will surprise more than a few readers. The plot of "Half Blood Prince" is tighter than previous novels, without as many side stories. The book is the length it should be, unlike "Goblet of Fire" and "Order of the Phoenix", which could be overlong at times. "Half Blood Prince" possesses an outstanding climax that leaves the reader, and Harry, shocked and horrified. The ending deals with extreme betrayal, echoing "Et tu, Brute?" Both Harry and the reader are left alone and frightened. "Half Blood Prince" will be a difficult act to follow, but Rowling will doubtless answer all questions and bring the series to a satisfying conclusion. "Half Blood Prince" admirably draws the series nearer to its end, and stands as a wonderful piece of lierature, both as part of the series, and on its own. It is also a wonderful meditation on love and loss, with lessons that never cease to be valauable in the world, Wizard or Muggle.
 This is such a great book, one that will pull on the reader's heart strings. Reminded me why I love this series.
 With each successive book in the series, a little bit more of our innocence gets left behind. That's life. And growth for Harry, Ron and Hermione is just as painful &amp; tramatic as for real children. This is a fact that has never been far from Rowling's thoughts, apparently.<br/><br/>I've noticed that my own children, once as Harry Potter fanatics as anyone, have begun to move on to other stuff. That's the way of youth: it's hard not to follow fads. But these stories are continuing to evolve, and are swiftly &amp; surely attracting a new audience of adult readers. I'll be surprised if Book Seven even has a juvenile cover.<br/><br/>This book left me somewhat depressed, tis true. But I still consider it as the second best in the series, after THE ORDER OF THE PHOENIX. I've re-read it twice since I bought it.<br/><br/>My only complaint was that I felt we were shorted on word count. Not as much effort was put into it as the previous book. I'm told that the final book in the series is due in 2007. Here's hoping it's as good, if not better than, PHOENIX.
 I apologize if I give any of the book away in advance.  However, read the book, then read the reviews if you had not done so.  They are a lot of SPOILERS!<br/><br/>The best way for me to compare Half Blood Prince, is to the movie "Star Wars:  Empire Strikes Back".  This book is a great book, which ties up very few ends, and makes us ask more questions.  At the end of the book, you are left wanting these answers, but know you will have to wait two years (hopefully sooner, but I might just be wishing there).<br/><br/>Harry seems more balanced in this book, and doesn't seem to be as much of an angry person as he was in Order of the Phoenix.  You definately see a possible romance between Ron and Hermonie.  You also see some serious romantic tension for Harry.  However the focus of the book is on Voldermort, and his past.  You find out how his parents got together, how he lived, and what led to him surviving after trying to kill Harry Potter the first time.  Be warned, a VERY important character does die in this book.  It will lead to Harry growing up more than he should at the age of 16.<br/><br/>This book has it all.  Great plot, nice twists, moments you laugh, and probably more moments you want to cry.  What this book does is give us a lot more to question.  Hopefully book 7 will give us those answers.  I seriously suggest that parents not let kids under 13 read this book.  This book is also great for adults of any age.  I would not consider this book my favorite in the series (Book 3 was my favorite), but it ranks up amoung the best few books in the series.  Enjoy!
 I have not pre-ordered this book, nor have I ran to the nearest book store to buy it. However, after reading this book, I'm beginning to with that I did. It was great from start to finish, and kept me attentive for 2 hours.<br/><br/>I loved it, as opposed to my hate for the fifth book.<br/><br/>It had a lot more plotline, more adventure, and more mystery. Which just enticed me to read on. The surprise ending of Harry's decision that is bound to affect him forever was touching and showed that he was a true Dumbledore man. The death was prehaps the one thing that I opposed to. It was sad and I thought unnecessary. I shall not say who died though, because as amazing as this seems; those that haven't read it, would hate for it to be revealed.<br/><br/>The romance also gave a rather nice touch to the overall effect. One of them obvious, Ron/Hermy.<br/><br/>The length of the book was perfect. (maybe a bit short for me.) Though it might be a bit long for those who can't stand to just sit there and read for a few hours straight, seeing the comments of some people complaining that the length was unneeded. But then, if it was too long, why not just go and get yourself a picture book???!!!<br/><br/>On my last note, I hope that the other people who read this book can enjoy it as much as I did. It's worthy of reading repeatedly; savoring your favorite parts, as I have done.
 This book series is amazing, but the reason I gave it a 4 star is because<br/>#1: I do not like the way Dumbedore, why not someone else, like one of the teachers.#Spoilelert<br/>#2: It's to short, look I know what your thinking " It's more than 600 pages but I expect more like in the 5th book it was thick, thick in a good way, the way J.K. Rowley does it with her magic, to make readers captured in a book than a seires they love. That is magic.
 Whenver an author endeavors to write a long series of books with an ongoing plot, there inevitably comes a point in which almost an entire book must be devoted to the ending of one - and the beginning of another - arc.  When this book is written, you are in for a lot of background on what happened in the past and the foundations of what happens in the future (and usually, final books).<br/><br/>The Half-Blood Prince is exactly that.  Without needing to get in to the detail of the book (which you will, if reading this review, no doubt read some day anyway), suffice it to say that it does an excellent job of (slowly) filling in the history of the book's characters. It is frustrating that the author artificially delays the parsing out of this information (which could be communicated in a 1-hour meeting in the book) in what appears to be a desire to prolong the book, the information is very interesting for a Potter reader nonetheless.<br/><br/>It does a less admirable job of having  compelling story line, however, since it is focusing on getting the reader ready for the next books.  As such, you will miss much of what you liked so much about the previous books: the growth and excitement of seeing kids grow older, wiser, and more powerful; the fun of setting off on a new year at Hogwarts; the anticipation of a mystery to be solved.<br/><br/>The book does offer some romantic sub-plots that are necessary and rather predictable.  It also, as oft-mentioned, includes a major death.<br/><br/>But, frankly, the book is not as magical as the first nor as intriguing as the last.  It does, however, do an excellent job of preparing the reader for the plot to come to a head and move in to the real world beyond Hogwarts.  As a transitional book, it is very good.  As a book on it's own, it is a little better than mediocre.  It deserves 3 1/2 stars.
 The first few books are still my favorites but this was good too! I can’t wait for the next one!
 i am a huge fan of the harry potter series and i have waited on hand and foot for this book. i must say that i did not wait in vain. excellent writings by rowling. she has managed to create a world full of life and mystery and darkness yet leaving room for memorable moments of hilarity and hope. she molded her characters with much grace from typical eleven year olds to sixteen year olds with depth and perception of the world, who besides having to face the reality of voldemort's return also have to battle with their emotions and ever raging hormones. i had real trouble putting this book down. i love what she does with the detail and the way in which she portrays her characters. no two are the same and many off us can relate closely to some of them because, magic aside, they jump out from the pages in a very believable manner. then there is the darkness that now surrounds her plot. absolutely thrilling! hats off to rowling, she has truly done it again.
 This review has some spoilers, though I will not be revealing the death/ who the Half-Blood Prince is. So I'd go to say...minor spoilers.<br/><br/>After Books-A-Million Midnight Party (I attened the last half hour, only wanting the book), I went home and started to dive into the newest Harry Potter novel. I did sleep about three hours (and half way) into the novel. When I woke up I preceeded to the end and I must say: This is the best Harry Potter book that J.K. has written.<br/><br/>The spoilers begin now...<br/>The story follows Harry entering his sixth year at Hogwarts, where he begins to have Private lessons with Dumbledore. He is also taking N.E.W.T. courses, dealing with an vicious Snape, trying to defend himself from Horance Slughorn (My new favorite character), and trying to mend the relationship between Ron and Hermione. Quite a busy year.<br/><br/>What's good about this book is that it's not as literal as the first novel, and not as detailed as the fifth novel. J.K. Rowling seems to have found the perfect midpoint and uses it to her advantage. The book flows very well. J.K. Rowling's writing abilities have also improved over the course of two years. Her characterzation in the book is magnficent (I especially liked Fleur DeLacour at the end of the novel, Madame Maxime, and as I've previously stated Horance Slughorn is one of my favorite characters all together). The only bad part of the book (besides the fact that someone dies), is the first chapter. Nothing really drew me to this chapter and I really didn't like Fudge anyway. The New Minister was even worse, in my opinon.<br/><br/>The beginning, for me, somewhat bombed. But after those 19 pages I was dweleved into Snape's secret alliance, and then into Harry's world again. The book started to take off and once Luna Lovegood was back on the scene I knew this book was going to be the best Harry Potter book yet.<br/><br/>The flashback scenes are numerous, but they are each very rich. the First flashback of the House of Gaunt was dark...very dark. It was probably scarier than the ending. I wouldn't recommend this book for children under the age of 9-10. This book gets pretty...out there. There's a scene in which Harry almost kills Draco Malfoy with the use of a spell.<br/><br/>The romance has improved as well. I don't think I've ever felt as embarrased to read a book, especially when Ron is caught snogging some girl in front of Hermione. The Slug Club Christmas Party scene, where Hermione tries to get away from McLaggen (the worst new character...ooh I wanted to punch him) is hilarous. Even Harry gets into some romance, and fans of 'Chamber of Secrets' will be very happy...<br/><br/>Overall this is J.K.'s best story. It leaves me pining for the seventh book. I wonder what Jo could have in store for us that's more evil than...The Half-Blood Prince!
 This is without a doubt the best Harry Potter book. The characters have grown so much and the world feels much more alive. I also enjoy that we got to learn more about Voldemort in this one as well.
 The Harry Potter series is masterful, intriguing, fun. The 6th volume, however, is the weakest of the 7. Many of the smaller mysteries seemed contrived to set up for the larger story arc, or seemed to be created backwards from the tie-up to the start of the event.<br/><br/>Still and however, Rowling's prose carries the reader along, even when, near the end of the book, the story takes a quick 90-degree turn. And all will be resolved in the final volume. I have faith.
 Two impressions, as there are several hundred reviews of this book and I don't wish to reiterate:<br/>**Reading this for the third time, I am struck by how much I did not remember was in here, as well as what I thought happened in this volume, but it must be in the next. The history of the Half-Blood Prince not being revealed, for one.<br/>**The supreme length of this book makes me wonder what more marvelous things could have been revealed to us had the first two books of the series been as extensive.
 Decent read but I have to say I do agree with some of the lower raters as it related to character interaction and development.  Some of it just blind sided me. I do still love the series and will remain loyal to it of only for the love of the characters, but I was woefully disappointed in the ending. HOWEVER it may open a spectacular door to a totally unexplored relationship for Harry, who knows.  I guess I will have to read book 7 to find out.<br/><br/>On a side note if any of you are Star Wars fans too, I would give serious thoughts to many of the parallelisms of the series and that might give you some clues as to where things are headed and could answer some questions. :)
 I absolutely loved this book. I read it the second it came out. It is such an amazing book filled with horcruxes, the death of a main character, and an even more evil Malfoy. I loved this book, but I cried when that main character died. I cannot believe he died. I hope it was planned for that person to kill him. There are so many theories on this book that it's hard to not become overwhelmed. I'm just going to stop thinking about the theories and wait until amazon delivers the 7th book to me to find the answers.<br/><br/>thank you for your time,<br/><br/>Loran
 After reading Book 5 in the series, I was a little more cautious going through the latest installment of Harry Potter. I am happy to admit that this book was a lot tighter than Book 5 and one of the better stories in the series. Everyone in the wizarding world is now acknowledging that Voldemort is back -- finally. Hermoine is once again brilliant -- my favorite character by far in the series. We get a lot more background on the Riddle family, and, of course, there is a shocker ending, which I didn't mind, considering there is a war going on. Because the author kills off a major character does not mean you should automatically hate the book, but instead look for solid reasons as to why it was done. There is motive, but it won't be fully revealed until Book 7.
 The Harry Potter series is now being considered a landmark literary work (not just children's) but of literature in general. Rowling's brilliance is not only in her characters and her multilayered world, but in how she progresses that world through the perspective of a teenage boy. To truly review this book, and Rowling's writing, let us look into what got us here in the first place: Book 1 starts off with Harry living a miserable life with the Dursleys. It starts off like most great children's books, comical in respect, and advances toward a mood of lightheartedness, a book that would appeal not just to children, but to the child in all of us. Book 2 becomes more advanced, but still claims the roots and foundation of the first, becoming slightly darker, but still in essence, a child's fantasy book. Book 3 appeals more to a broader audience, especially the video game 13/14 age group, and takes on a darker thread still laced with comical humor. Book 4 then takes an abrupt detour from the previous 3, taking on a faux gothic humor with positively dreadful results, a lopping plot, and it seemed to be written in extreme haste and under considerable pressure. Three years later we are treated to Book 5 (my personal favorite) and with it comes Rowling's imaginary and comical genius in full form, laced with teenage angst and political intrigue (something only addressed in only the greatest of classic fantasy) and develops a philosophical tinge, envoking an almost Emersonion "civil disobedience" feel to it, and the introduction of new characters and new settings that attest to Rowling's brilliance as an author, but not without its writing style faults. Book 6 then emerges, a shorter work than the previous two, making the plot brisk and the prose wondefully written, but sacrifices the Hogwarts magic and humor of the previous book, with no new settings (expect Fred and George's new joke shop)but does make up for it in the darker sense, becoming in essence a book not just for youth, but for everyone, and develops a quest-like feel to it reminiscent of Frodo and Luke Skywalker. The Half Blood Prince is merely a staging ground for what will hopefully be a a much better book (not that this one insnt)and in making it darker, Rowling has sacrificed much of her humor (though deffinitely not all of it) as the characters charge on full steam towards their destination.
 I am a Potter-head.  My favorite of the series so far is Goblet of Fire where Harry is a star, but he shows his humanity and his age which makes it more endearing.  I also liked Order of the Phoenix.  Lots of good detail about the Ministry of Magic.  I've been to London, so i can imagine these places...<br/><br/>This last book was not in step with the rest of the story.  I think the Half-blood Prince should have been revealed long ago and had more impact in the series before now.  It wasn't a surprise to find who it was... never liked that character at all.<br/><br/>Okay, the last book will be on it's way in a couple of years then that's it.  Hope Ms Rowling makes it a 2000 pager.  It will take that to wrap up the loose ends that we desparately need tying off!
 That about sums up this latest installment in the Harry Potter series.  WOW!  I have to say that I can't believe the people who wrote reviews trashing this book.  Obviously you're not really into Harry Potter!!  Boring? I think not! I started this book about 2 weeks ago and just finished it last night. And what an ending! How can you say this book sucks with the way it ended?<br/><br/>**Note that I will not spoil it for anyone like SUSIE BUGGS did -- IN HER FIRST SENTENCE -- without even putting in her review that it was a spoiler! Thank GOD I did not read reviews before I read this book. If I had read her review first, I never would've read the book because she totally gives away the ending without even saying it's a spoiler! That was done in very poor taste Miss Buggs!!!**<br/><br/>Anyway I found the book moved along very rapidly.  The ending left me with my mouth hanging open agog and I literally couldn't sleep last night because I just couldn't believe it!  My fiancee read the book before me and he said he had a very hard time keeping the ending a secret from me and I can see why! I wait with baited breath for the next book.
 Absolutely magical. The narrator really brings the story to life and adds a lot more depth to the characters. Great for kids and long car rides.
 This was a great read in all, but took way too long to get interesting. Too much teenage mush. It seems more than half the book was dedicated to the whole Ron and Hermione love story. Plus I felt that if I had to read the word "snogging" one more time I might hurl. Same goes for the Harry loves Ginny storyline. IMO Ginny's character was never really developed enough to warrant this amount of attention from Harry. Who really cares if they get together or not?  The end battle was certainly dramatic, but not rewarding. This book could have been half the length and have been better.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince was, I will honestly say, my least favorite of the six books. Let's be frank: I absolutely hated it. However, my opinion of the book is not based on the story itself, which is perhaps just as well constructed as the previous five volumes. I base my opinion solely on the general mood of the book and the events that unfold. The whole cast of the work is depressing; I felt as though there were a dementor hovering just before me the whole time I was reading. Furthermore, the work carries the mark of Rowling's latter titles; it was so compelling I could not part from it for even a moment. In other words, I was both depressed by and unbreakably drawn to HBP.<br/><br/>The above taken into context, I will submit that the book is indeed well-written, but not so well as OotP. Absent from HBP is much of the characteristic humor which Rowling so expertly placed in the previous volumes. Also, the story seems a bit monotone in comparison with the other volumes. The general feel is one of a somewhat rushed progression which is paradoxically punctured with elements of distraction which seem forced and deliberate. The flow of the story is in a way hindered by these passages. Specifically, a character (Professor Slughorn) is introduced without an apparent purpose. Let us only hope that he has a use in the seventh installment of Harry Potter and that he does not become the equivalant of LotR's Tom Bombadil. Overall, however, the greatest difference between HBP and the previous volumes is the gravity and seriousness conveyed. The war has finally reached full tilt, so to speak, and there is little room for joking and fun. This book is all about business.<br/><br/>The language used was a bit more repetitive than the earlier volumes. Particularly when it seemed that Rowling had come to a long passage she wished to get done rather quickly this was noticable. Even so, the usual elevated vocabulary was mixed in nicely.<br/><br/>Even with all this criticism, the story is still a masterpiece. Unfortunately, it is not a self-contained work. In otherwords, the story does not end with Harry returning to the Dursleys; instead, it leaves off abruptly. In essence, it's half a book. Even so, the structure is just as multi-layered and complex as the previous volumes. The plot runs thick, the characters are deep and well-developed, and the interaction between them (while somewhat grating at times) is logical. The most valuable contribution of HBP to the Harry Potter series is that the book fills in a great deal of holes and answers a great many questions which have accumulated from previous volumes. For example, wizards and witches were said to merely point their wands and wave them, and spells were carried out without any speech. This and many other points are addressed in HBP.<br/><br/>What I cannot stress enough is the absolute seriousness of this work. This is not a childrens' book. If a 9-12 year-old were to read this book they would start bawling and would not stop for about a week. There might well be people who think suicidal thoughts for a little while after reading it. This book will likely alienate the younger audience somewhat because it is in no way entertaining. This is made worse by the fact that we will have to wait at least another two years for the final installment in the series, and HBP serves as nothing but a massive cliff-hanger to the seventh volume. In fact, Rowling herself stated at her website that the sixth and seventh years are greatly intertwined. Unfortunately, we all have to wait for Book Seven. Let's hope that when this final volume comes out, it will make the agony of HBP worth it. Overall, the book gets four stars because it actually made me cry (that's hard to do). I cannot stress, though, just how depressed I felt while reading it and after I had finished. Do yourself a favor and set aside two completely free days to read through it, and make sure you have the remainder of the second day to think it all over because you will really need it!
 There are many compliants on reviews about this edition to the Harry Potter series being "half a story," but last I recall it should be a sixth of a story. People seem too quick to get the punchline and in that journey lose sight of the story being told. Which I believe to be quite good. While admittedly I would have liked to have seen more of particular characters I don't think this is a fault in writing as much as it is my "fanboyness" playing favorites and this work was meant to be consumed in a larger scale and not custom made to my tastes. There are lots of "guestimations" and "theories" I had proved wrong and a smidging of things I sort of saw coming. When things don't quite happen the way "we think they should" we cry mutiny and threaten to jump the reader"ship," but I think we all know you will not. If certain outcomes are predicted readers scoff "I saw that coming." When things become a phenomenon like the HP series you see the interest in the work shatter into different shards and whereever you exist within the shards there seems to be someone in the mix that feels quite contrary to you. That said if you hate this book to the extent it is currently functioning as a no leak barrier in your underwear fine or if it is currently being displayed at your desk in front of the pictures of your family that is fine also, try to judge my statements and not think of where my opinion lays in opposition or support of your own.<br/><br/>Why the 5 stars?<br/><br/>1.) Quality of the writing- While there are a few typos in the book this should be finger pointing at editing and not Rowling and the hiccups don't obscure the text to a degree you are unable to navigate from the stumbles. Rowling's tone is set well to the feeling in each scene and her humor and progression rest well without the feeling it is being basted on us too heavily. Feelings feel genuine with the characters and dialogue is smart and entertaining to read. While Rowling guides her readers with a bit of emotionally descriptive adjectives remember that this is popular fiction and such hand holding is necessary with a broad audience especially with the interest in younger readers.<br/><br/>2.) Progression- While it is argued by some that Harry is still quite whiney and disappointing in his magical capabilities realize progression doesn't actually mean that Harry will be a great and powerful wizard. We don't see HP manifest any power we'd find spectacular and that builds on intrigue with the readers what is Harry's importance? Does it lay in something more subtle? Keeping Harry a moderately talented individual creates a bond with the reader and the work. I personally would rather not see Harry as almost a diety with vast powers. I understand his faults and his disappointments more when you see bits of yourself in the character. You do however see an emotional progression in Harry and a deepening commitment to destroy Voldemort. Tragedy strikes closer in this book.<br/><br/>3.) It's fun- When you uncross your arms and decide to drop your standoffish taunts for this book to "wow" you, I think even the most critical readers will find something fun here. While I admit I dislike bad fiction I try not to enter into any work with bias. Simply put what isn't to like here? Sure some didn't like the romantic elements, but they are so small you can grind your teeth through it and just move on. I think Rowling was really trying to cater to her inquestive fan base on this subject and I think it is tastefully done. Don't like the ending? I don't understand why, but try to see beyond this book and anticipate the upcoming excitement. Hate the lingering questions? Quit trying to rush a story that isn't finished. Speculate and have fun.<br/><br/>This is a great story like all the pieces of the HP puzzle. It'll take that last piece to show us the whole picture. I believe this book worthy of the series and it works great for the fan base to encourage questions and stir the imaginations of readers. We need this anticipation to really excite us for the final installment.
 I have read several of the Harry Potter books and I have enjoyed all of them. Some have their strengths and weakness, but for a consistent series these books are right at the top of my list. The author should be proud of herself to be able to maintain such excellence in the stories, well-written plots and characters. For me, Half Blood Prince was just a wonderful read and maybe in my opinion almost as good as Goblet Of Fire. Young or old, this book will keep you turning page after page as you try to determine what will happen next. I'd gladly recommend this book to all my friends. Don't miss this one.
 Basically HP and the Half Blood Prince is a fairly decent book. However, it lacks the magic of her previous books especially the first four. The book is darker and grittier which is to be expected but it's to the point where the magic is barely there.<br/><br/>The romantic pairing of Harry and Ginny was an obvious choice and a big letdown. You have them having passionate feelings towards one another where it is overdone. However, you don't really get the sense of any chemistry between these two except that it was a convenient pairing since she's Ron's sister. A more original and unique match would have been between Harry and Luna because they are so different and she would have brought different perspectives into his life as well as teach Harry patience. But instead we get obvious pairings with some drama. We don't need to see the "OC" in Harry Potter Form.<br/><br/>I do give JK Rowling credit for exploring Lord Voldemort's background which was nicely done. And seeing Harry and Dumbledore fight together as equals was a great new touch. I am upset with the ending because a major character dies which I feel is redundant since Harry has already faced the death of his parents and Sirius Black. I mean how many parent figures does Harry have to lose before it becomes overdone?<br/><br/>I don't know if JK Rowling is just tired of the series or if the book company is pressuring her to just push them out. I have high hopes for Book 7 and would like to see that magic and hope we saw in Book one come back to us.<br/><br/>I realize some people are diehard fans who will love anything she does. However, in addition to giving her credit, I feel she could learn more from our input than our undying praise.
 I have read the Harry Potter series at least five times and I enjoy them every time. Whenever I read them over again, I can always find something that I have missed in the past, or that makes more sense because of something I had read in the later books. I also love finding small mistakes.  I don't think I will ever get tired of reading these books!
 J.K. Rowling's latest is much more muggle than magic, but that's not a bad thing. Charms are charming, so to speak, but they're not the compelling part of the story. Like the skilled writer she is, Rowling knows how to let the real story take front and center, and that story is entirely human.<br/><br/>The curiosity of the series is that while Hogwarts is still a magical place, the wizards are looking more mugglish all the time. Harry is more of a teenager, for example, and Dumbledore is getting older. What's curious about these wizards is that their magical power hasn't changed their behavior. You would think that people who can perform miracles would be braver, for instance, but they're not. You'd expect accomplished travelers to be cosmopolitan, but these characters are astonishingly parochial. Obviously, this series has never been about the magic; it's always been about ordinary human behavior.<br/><br/>This latest installment makes that point dramatically. Rowling no longer bothers to concoct fictional potions anymore, and she couldn't care less about spells and charms. Instead, the war against Voldemort is wholly on human terms. Magic is a plot device she keeps only for atmosphere. Now the battle is entirely about knowing one's enemy. Happily, it doesn't collapse into psychobabble about poor Voldemort's unhappy childhood. Rowling doesn't excuse Voldemort's evil development. Neither Harry, Dumbledore, nor Rowling betrays any sympathy for Voldemort; instead, they study him strictly to defeat him. All the time, of course, we know that Voldemort's and Harry's story intertwine and often parallel each other. Both are powerful wizards, both have complicated family histories, both act against the rules when they think best, etc. The compelling question, then, is what makes them different?<br/><br/>We all know that Harry will defeat Voldemort, but how? Like the old TV series "Columbo," we know the result, but how will Harry do it? Since this is the sixth book of seven, we expect this installment to deliver the final pieces of the puzzle. Rowling obliges, keeping us entertained as we go along. All of the clues are now on the table. We know that Rowling will put her puzzle together in the last book. The fun thing here, though, is that before we see how Rowling does it, we catch ourselves imagining our own resolution. At the end of this book, every reader will speculate on what's going to happen to Harry next. We speculate on what we think might happen, and we imagine what we want to have happen. Any time one's imagination is so active AFTER the book is finished, that's the sign of a very good book.
 A lot has already been said about this book &amp; I just wanted to give it the 5 stars I feel it's due.  The Harry Potter series has become so famous it's just amazing.  People young &amp; old going bonkers for books!  I love it!  She created something special &amp; magical.  She had to end her series somehow &amp; she tied things up rather nicely.  I think she could continue this story if she wanted to but that's all I'll say in case you haven't read the book.  Go out &amp; get yourself a copy.  Sit down &amp; get lost in the pages!  It's way better than TV any day of the week!
 I honestly didn't know what came over me, but I completely forgot the release of the 6th book and didn't buy it until late july.  Even worse, I didn't read it until early september.<br/><br/>I decided when I got the book that I would read the whole series first and then move on to this book.<br/><br/>For me, the book was very different from the others.  The first three books seemed so cheerful and amazing, the fourth book had that feeling as well...or at least until the end.  The fifth book I found slightly less enjoyable than the others (personally, the fourth book is my favorite).<br/><br/>As a result of Voldemort's appearance in the Ministry of Magic, the whole wizarding community is in a panic mode.  Cornelius Fudge has been sacked, and so on.  Rowling continues with her amazing storyline, but I'd say the biggest drawback for me was that the book was so very dark.  There's a new potions teacher, as well as a new defense against the dark arts.  Perhaps this dramatic change of teaching staff coupled with the nonexistance of Serius Black, made the book feel...different.  I can't really explain why.  Dumbledore works with harry to find out more information about Voldemort, and the book is incredibly successful at solving, or at least explaining, some mysteries about Voldemort.  There's an important character death.<br/><br/>The character death is probably what distanced me from the book.  While I can see that it is important for the series, I feel that Rowling didn't put enough emphasis on the "getting over it" part.  For instance, in the fourth book, readers had plenty of time to get over the death of Cedric and the reappearance of Voldemort, and we had some time to get over the death of Serius, but in this book, the character dies and then it's more or less a "well, they're dead, time to move on" and it made the book seem like it had a very abrupt ending.  Needless to say, I highly recommend this book to anyone and I look forward to getting the last book soon.
 Some have said there is no plot. Some have said the characters are flat. Some complain that they are demonic, and some complain about the grammar. All wrong.<br/><br/>No plot? Sorry. Isn't plot what the main character does in a story? I thought he was pretty busy, and those things all led to the next steps which all led to the next book.There is a plot. It is all part of making sure Harry knows what he has to do before he faces Voldemort again. They do all follow a pattern. Defense against the dark arts teachers only last for a year. There is some twist that causes them to last no longer. In each of the last 3 books there has been a pointless death. Voldemort is always going to be like Emperor Palpatine(so sure of his power that he cannot fathom the possibility that there may be a greater power). The plot of this book may be different than the other books. It may not be as exciting to some people, but to say it has NO plot is to show an extreme lack of understanding of what that word means. If there was NO plot then you could just skip it and go on to Book 7. But then, since there is a plot, you would have no clue what was going on or why Harry was looking for 3 insignificant items and trying to kill Voldemort's snake instead of just getting rid of Voldemort himself.<br/><br/>Flat characters? NOT!! A werewolf who goes after people even when he is not transformed. Finally having some interaction with a leader in the muggle world. Finally seeing the TRUE Snake...oops- Snape. Watching Harry grow out of the snotty attitude he had been carrying around in the previous 2 books. A potions teacher that Harry would have been able to learn from with out help from the "Prince". Ron and Hermione playing their little games. All either very creative or realistic.<br/><br/>For anyone who has actually read these books and says "deminic" how do you figure that? Since when do demons believe that love and friendship will save the world? I just do not see anything anywhere that says Satan is consumed by his love for mankind. He also does not get it. Love is NOT what he believes will make him able to take over.<br/><br/>Some of the terms in the book are not recognizable to everyone, but it is pretty easy to figure out what they mean. Try putting them in quotes and searching on google.
 I feel strange reviewing this book since I never read any of the ones that came before. In fact, though I tried two or three times with some of the earlier books in the series (my wife and kids adore them so we have them all), I was never able to get into them. Their world and situations just seemed uninteresting to me, though they are obviously utterly fascinating to millions around the world (including my immediate family). So I picked this one up when my family members were done with it, hoping to see what the fuss is all about.<br/><br/>This time the book held my attention (whether because I was finally more prepared to attend to it or because it just seemed more mature or more interesting to me, or what not, I don't know). Suffice it to say that while I never found myself thinking about the story or characters afterwards, or rushing to get back to reading the book after I'd put it down, it clearly kept pulling me along whenever I picked it up.<br/><br/>Some of the elements were a bit tiresome (e.g., the quidditch games and their "importance" to students and faculty) and some elements rather peculiar (like the notion that, even though a vast life and death struggle between good and evil for the future of the so-called wizarding world was underway, the students still had to go off to classes, do their homework, take their exams, play quidditch, etc.). But perhaps that's all part of the book's attraction, this odd juxtaposition of the ordinary with the fantastic and dangerous. On balance, the story elements were handled quite nicely and most of the book was a remarkably easy and pleasant read, a little tiresome in the middle, unless you're keen on quiddtich and teen crushes and infatuations, but fast moving and well-paced at the end.<br/><br/>And, though the tale's just a bit too long and episodic for my tastes, the blending of mystery with adventure that Ms. Rowling pulls off keeps things popping. A clear resonance with the current terrorism now besetting the real world was also evident.<br/><br/>On the other hand, some of the sorcery motifs, including a Dumbledore who reminds one of a kind of folksy Gandalf from Tolkien's Lord of the Rings, are a bit old hat too. But Rowling redeems even these with her insightful blending of the modern fantasy genre, her tongue-in-cheek nomenclature and a kid's eye view of the world (as seen through the lense of a secondary school experience).<br/><br/>While I'm not likely to run out and read the earlier books, and I'm not sure I'll bother with the final installment yet to come, I'll readily admit this book was enjoyable to read. I found myself admiring the way Ms. Rowling has tapped into the global zeitgeist and how she continues to tell her story with professional panache.<br/><br/>SWM<br/><br/>author of <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-King-of-Vinland-s-Saga/dp/0738801526/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The King of Vinland's Saga</a>
 Horray!! JK Rowling came out with a new Harry Potter book!!  Each one is better than the last.  Try to read this on Kindle Unlimited because it is free.  Rowling has done a fabulous job perfecting the feelings of Hermione, Harry, and Ron.
 J.K. Rowling has kept her promise --- that each of Harry Potter's years at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry will be darker and more difficult than the one before. This sixth installment is the darkest and most complex of the books yet. But just in case you have any doubt, Harry is proving well up to the tasks at hand --- and his magical world seems more vivid and real than ever.<br/><br/>Harry's sixth year at Hogwarts is off to a rocky if exciting start. The Wizarding world is at war after the violent showdown at the end of Book Five that saw the death, injury or arrest of several key characters --- and the clear return of evil Lord Voldemort/ He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. Mysterious murders and magically triggered disasters continue, and there has been a mass breakout from Azkaban, the wizard community's prison. Even Muggles are starting to notice, including the Prime Minister. Families of students heading back to school on the Hogwarts Express are on high alert, but reassured that new security measures are in place along with a tough new Minister of Magic, Rufus Scrimgeour.<br/><br/>Meanwhile, Harry has received an unusual summer visit from Hogwarts headmaster Professor Dumbledore during which the trusted mentor explains just how different Harry's upcoming school year will be. Among other things, it will include private study sessions with Dumbledore where the elder wizard will shed more light on the prophecy about Harry laid out in Book Five and help Harry discover --- through memories viewed via Dumbledore's magical Pensieve ---Lord Voldemort's heritage and just what makes him tick, including the dark magic that has rendered him seemingly immortal.<br/><br/>Now 16, Harry and his pals Ron and Hermione have received their O.W.L. exam results and must buckle down in their studies to focus on the more specialized N.E.W.T. level. As in years past, there is a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher; this time a most surprising candidate fills the post. All this means piles of homework and ever-more-challenging classroom projects. It's a good thing that Harry has discovered a used potions textbook filled with helpful --- and sometimes dangerous --- spells and hints scribbled in the margins. The book says it was once property of the Half-Blood Prince, a mystery that Harry and company are determined to solve. And sneering bully Draco Malfoy continues to be an annoyance and more as he sorts out where his own loyalties lie and tries to master more complicated magic.<br/><br/>The little free time Harry has is spent captaining the Gryffindor Quidditch team, and readers who love the high-flying action of the game won't be disappointed. Social lives are not completely put on hold either, as Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny Weasley are among those contemplating their fluttery romantic feelings (sometimes for each other). And Fred and George Weasley's joke shop is doing booming business, which accounts for some of the good bits of humor throughout.<br/><br/>As spring arrives and the end of the school year nears, Harry accompanies Dumbledore on a secret and perilous mission that at its heart contains a key to Voldemort's undoing. The two brave wizards could not know, however, that their actions would help trigger a high stakes battle back at Hogwarts pitting Death Eaters (Voldemort's henchmen) and yes, vicious traitors to Hogwarts, against the good guys. When the blood and the Dark Mark in the sky are cleared, not everyone survives.<br/><br/>When it comes to the clever weaving of plot threads all the way back to the sorcerer's stone and Chamber of Secrets, Rowling is at the top of her game. She keeps a broad roster of familiar faces in the fore and reminds us of past characters and events and how they play perfectly into her ultimate plan for Harry. She also writes in a slightly more sophisticated style than the earlier books, with a richer emotional tone that matches Harry's developing maturity.<br/><br/>Away from all the action of his latest story, Harry is indeed growing into a young man. He is still grieving over losses experienced during his fifth year but knows he must move on. He's learning to be more comfortable in his own skin, even if it means accepting being "The Chosen One" singled out by Voldemort and a subject of constant scrutiny and curiosity to classmates, teachers and the public at large. It's the kind of stuff that makes a guy really appreciate who his true friends are, and Harry has some gems in Ron and Hermione.<br/><br/>By the end of HARRY POTTER AND THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE, Harry emerges as a calmer, more psychologically deep teenager who seems to have lived lifetimes far beyond his 16 years. He is now fully confident about his life's calling --- to defeat Voldemort at any cost --- and has developed a steely resolve, bolstered by great emotional pain, to carry it out. Whatever the wait for a final battle-to-the-death in Book Seven, it will be too long.<br/><br/>  --- Reviewed by Shannon Maughan
 Even though I am much older than perhaps the specific age demographic Rowling is trying to reach, I must say that I am hooked on Harry Potter. What started out as a simple inquiry into all the excitement has turned into a full-fledged fan, albeit an old one.<br/><br/>I finished reading HBP today in a record time of just over 5 hours and am in awe and shock. The plot was built carefully, the characters developed with a sense of purpose, etc. I can only assume that Rowling has a specific goal in mind what with killing off the major character -- the ending, the final death scene, makes me wonder though if perhaps there is not some special "magic" involved which will be unveiled in the seventh book. I know that this simple reader hopes that we shall see a return of the departed.<br/><br/>Once again readers feel Harry's pain and anguish as he is deprived of love and happiness. Once again readers will spend hours discussing and dreaming as we wait for the final installment.<br/><br/>If she happens to read this, dear J.K. Rowling - please don't make us wait so long again.
 The "Harry Potter" series, especially books four and onward, are like onions. There are many different layers to it, and it's all up to the reader on how much he wants to take from it.<br/><br/>There's the outer layer, which is just the basic idea of witchcraft, sorcery, and such. This is where most fantasy books end. Not Harry Potter. The use of symbolism, especially the ongoing theme of socks representing love, is wonderful.<br/><br/>And then you get into the wording of everything. The deception, the double meanings, the back-story...it all comes together to form nothing short of a modern masterpiece.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is, in my opinion, the best installment in the series thus far. It's most certainly the darkest novel, and it includes much more substance to the overall plot of the series than the previous books have.<br/><br/>But I'm afraid it may be detested by a fair majority of the younger fan base. Half-Blood Prince lacks the magical and innocent (feel-good if you will) elements incorporated into the previous stories, especially books one to three. This time around we're treated to flashbacks of a young Dark Lord, complicated romance subplots (although nothing goes further than kissing, or "snugging" as they refer to it), and a perplexing murder conspiracy for an ending.<br/><br/>The title fits rather well, despite The Half-Blood Prince being more of a subplot in the story. But the mystery aspect of the Prince's identity was done well; I was truly shocked when the revelation was finally made.<br/><br/>The subplots were done wonderfully. Fleur and Bill's relationship, Tonk's mysterious changes, and the false arrests by the Ministry (among many others) held my interest, but didn't stray too far from the overall plot at any time.<br/><br/>Overall, it's a gem of a book. Just like any book in the Harry Potter series, you'll be hooked instantly. I read it all in a few sittings, as I honestly couldn't pull myself away.
 Ms. Rowling does have an engaging way with words--I've read this tome twice. However, the second perusal was more or less to spot  any foreshadowing or an escape clause that concerns the climactic event. Said disturbing happenstance is the second in two books that has turned my Harry Potter experience into something of a love/hate affair. I love reading the books--I've hated the endings of the last two installments. I also miss the sense of wonder that permeated the first four. The books have, sadly in my case, acquired more of the darkish tone of the movies.<br/><br/>Hopefully, the seventh and supposedly final book will offer a less disappointing conclusion. At this point I'm hooked and have no choice but to finish the experience off. I do however hope  that Ms. Rowling has only been toying with us to set up a special finale. Personally, I can get enough real life in real life thank you. But like this book's ending or not, it's a page-turner the first time through.
 Harry Potter has been quite the ride so far. I cannpt believe I did not read this when I was younger!!!!!
 On the night of July 15th, I waited outside a Walden Bookstore for four hours for my copy of Harry Potter and the Halfblood Prince.  The wait was incredibly long, but incredibly worth it.  Never in my life had I been waiting so long for a book (if anyone saw my review of the first book, they'd see that prior to my reading it, I despised reading).  I'd been waiting impatiently for this book since the fifth book came out last year.<br/><br/>Of all of Rowling's books, this one was the most powerful.  While some believe that it was merely a bridge between the fifth and seventh book, I believe it was much more than that.  Many of the things revealed in it are certainly going to be important, but many of the things that happened are also important.  Many people probably believed that if the death that occured in this book was going to happen, it was going to be in the seventh and final book, for example.  Now Harry is perhaps, truly on his own, and will need all the help he can get with the great tasks ahead of him.<br/><br/>The mood and the writing style of this book were both more casual and relaxed -- it was as if the reader had become so familiar that the style was a more "usual" style, and in my opinion, a better style, and indeed, by this book the reader is so familiar.<br/><br/>While perhaps one of the saddest, I feel that this book was the best.  It opens up many questions and prepares us for a truly mystifying end of the Harry Potter series in the seventh book in the series.<br/><br/>I highly recomend this book and all others in the series and books by J.K. Rowling to all who enjoy reading.
 A very good book in the series. This book moved much better than the last one. It also flowed much better from the last book than the movie. In the movie, Harry went from dark, mood and feeling all alone to suddenly upbeat and hopeful in this movie. In the book however, he was still feeling rather down at the begining of this book. Also, the movie most deviated form this book than any other. The Burrow was never set a fire in this book. I also like the Ginny character from the book much better than the movie. She is very outspoken and confident. She is even a good Quiditch player. This book also sets up the last book very well. Harry is now on a mission. I found this book read much better/faster than the last one. One more book to go. Oh, and I still wish these books were released in eBook format.
 Why did Sirius Black's body disappear and Dumbledore's didn't?  They were both killed by the same curse.  Doesn't make sense to me.
 As someone who's read and (to varying degrees) enjoyed every book in this series, seen the movies, and talked with young geeks and nerds of every age about what might happen next in this series, I really hoped that this book would be great.<br/><br/>I hoped it would pick up where the Book Five left off--with the whole world of magic and wizardry aware that the evil Lord Voldemort--archenemy of this series' young boy wizard hero, Harry Potter--is officially back to resume his reign of terror.  I hoped it would plunge into action, into a world in which good and evil are finally fully aware of each other and ready to fight.  I hoped the series' typical setting of yet another year at the same magical school would be lessened because of the intensity and danger of the wizarding world's current events.  I hoped it would have as fast a pace as Book Four and move the series ahead just as much as that one did.<br/><br/>But...  Instead, I found this to be a very long book in which very little happens.  The book dishes out an even larger than usual serving of daily life at a magic school, a couple of juvenille romance stories sure to put off most adult readers, a lot of tedious adolescent bickering, and not a single appearance (other than in flashbacks) of the series' evil Lord Voldemort.  Overall, this feels like a plateau in the story of the series.  In the fourth book, the Dark Lord, Lord Voldemort, returns.  In the fifth book, the world comes to know of his return.  And in this book...um...well, there's this magic school...and all these kids go to it!  Wow!<br/><br/>No, that's entirely fair: this book does contain some really cool flashbacks into the history of the evil Lord Voldemort, some cool revelations regarding the nature and quasi-immortality of that same villain...the death of a major character, and a very big decision made by the three main characters.<br/><br/>But the bad guy's just not bad enough.  If everyone's so scared of him, it seems like he should be just massacring tons of people, not just hanging around.  DO something evil, goshdangit.  And the story's not too compelling either.  In fact, this is the first of the books where I thought, "You know, maybe this IS just a bunch of hype," because it just feels so fluffy and insubstantial.<br/><br/>I'll still buy and read the seventh book when it comes out--because I want to know what happens next--but I'm not as excited about it as I used to be.
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince by J.K. Rowling<br/><br/>This fantastic book is just like all the other Harry Potter books, full of magic, excitement and passion. The adventure has thrills and spills and amazing writing skills that somehow drag you into the book. It captures an amazing amount of the reader's imagination right in this five centimetre thick book. I also love J.K. Rowling's amazing way of setting the scene. This book has drama, emotion and lively comments, unlike the extremely boring and pointless Warner Brothers Harry Potter movie series. I realised how much more addictive the book is because it has more pieces of information to put the puzzle back together. There is never a moment of boredom in the book.<br/><br/>When I finished the book I felt like I was in a different world. Big Potter fans who have not read the book yet are in for a big shock when more of the story unfolds. I won't tell you about that Potter fans. As you can see I don't even need to have a long review for you to see how good this book is. I strongly recommend any Potter fan or passionate book fan to read this book.<br/><br/>(Review by Daniel)
 It's undeniable how this series has captured the world by storm. Each time the book is released several million are sold the first day and millions more the weeks following. However, unlike the last installment, The Half Blood Prince delivers. It may be in the fact that this book has been kept much better under raps, keeping expectations much more grounded (not lower, but not ridiculously lofty like the Order). Or it may be the fact that Harry is less whiny in this installment than the last, or may be, just maybe, J.K Rowling has finally matured as a writer and produced something that is by far the most widely appealing chapter of this saga. The novel picks up nearly immediately after where the last left, and is slow to get back into things (the reason for the 4 stars). Once the first chapter is complete and we never again see the Prime Minister (oh too similar to Mr. Blair), the book takes off without ever looking back. Finally, Rowling incorporates all the HUMAN elements of writing by providing dimensions to characters that once seemed flat/static (Malfoy, even Voldemort). She gives us the story of Voldemort with the perfect balance of narration (by Dumbledore) and explanation. Harry Potter finally seems to fit into his own, larger than life, shoes--with a newfound assertiveness that's believeable, not irritating. After writing out Sirius, readers might expect Rowling to take this book as a transition without taking risks, yet, as her maturity proves, she stabs at the risks and readers dare not question her. This is more an emotional tale than a fantastical one with readers so attached to the characters that any pain they suffer, readers feel twice the agony. Readers will find themselves emotionally exhausted after living in the Magical World for 672 pages. But most will agree that this is quite possibly the best way to set up the final chapter of this epic. It must be said, however, that while in its best moments, this is the best of the 6, in its weakest moments, The Half-Blood Prince is painful to plow ahead (mainly the first chapter and some of the Quidditch). Bottom line: Rowling gets back on track after a 800+ page detour with the Order.
 The Half-Blood Prince book in the Harry Potter series highlights again the severity of the evil and darkness in the wizarding world of Harry Potter.  Rowling, like Shakespeare, guarantees no victory or happy ending for the good guys.  We don't know if scenes will result in comedy or tragedy.  I continue to be impressed with Rowling's skill as a storyteller, wordsmith and developer of characters.  The level of thematic and character integrity within this series is amazing, as is the story itself.
 I almost - almost - put this book down after 200 pages. I've always found that, for me, the Harry Potter books start relatively slow. It took me about 100 pages to get into the previous ones before I though they morphed into page-turners. So I decided to wait this one out as well. One-hundred pages turned into 120, which turned into 150, which slowly turned into 200, and still I was having trouble getting into it. Alas, Rowling works her magic again in this installment, and I unitentionally finished the rest of the book in a couple days, as it had me glued to the pages into the wee hours of the morning.<br/><br/>As far as the storyline is concerned, I do think it is noticeably darker than the rest. It certainly wasn't as fun to read in that fantasy, take-me-back-to-childhood way. Rowling went right up to edge of departing from what made her books so successful. Thankfully, she didn't go over it.
 Coming in with four stars, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Holds its own among the finest books in the world. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, by J.K. Rowling is the sixth book in the Harry Potter series, and arguably the preeminent one. I'm not a real aficionado of books, so a rating of four stars means this is a practically flawless book.  The only downside is that the book is very extensive, and if you're an impatient reader this book is not for you. But there are more positive aspects to this book than negative ones. I say this because Harry Potter is not your typical witch and wizard novel. The book throws in a sense of reality among all the sorcery and spell casting.  You can sense the reality in the emotions of the characters, the way friendships play out, and how holidays are celebrated.  But it still captures the ways of the upcoming wizard- Harry Potter- by bringing to the book new spells, allies, and enemies. And there's always the spine-tingling fear of Lord Voldemort waiting on every page...................<br/>E. S.
 J.K. Rowling's writing continues to impress me.  She has an eye for detail, drawing deeply from myth and legend to craft stories that are imaginative yet authentic.  While book six doesn't answer many questions, it's an exciting adventure from start to finish, leaving the reader anxiously awaiting the next and final book.  There's a lot of room for conjecture regarding the contents of the next book, but one thing is certain: it will either have to move at a quick pace, or be the longest of the series, in order to tie everything together in the end.
 My middle schooler and I both enjoyed this latest HP installment very much, but as she put it, "nothing happens for a long time and then it's really sad."  The first third or maybe half of the book is build-up and character development, with a slower pace than some of the previous books, but we still liked it because it gave us the feeling of visiting delightful old friends. The writing is excellent, and of course as you go along there are lots of clues and foreshadowings about what is going to happen - if you pay attention.  The plot is transitional:  as Harry prepares for the inevitable showdown with Voldemort yet to come, the story separates the good guys from the bad guys, once and for all, and vindicates Harry's opinions about who is on which side.  Or does it??  My daughter and I have an ongoing debate about whether the apparently bad guys are really bad, and even whether the "really sad" part is going to turn out to be a ruse.  We loved the introduction of new dark magic not previously mentioned, and the tantalizing introduction of a new character who has been a step ahead of Dumbledore and may be able to help Harry in the final showdown!  We'll have to wait for Book 7 to find out -- and that is the main function of this story, to bridge to the next.  Don't even hesitate - buy it, read it, and enjoy it.
 This sixth installment really brings the novels to an incredible climax. Not only does Rowling intrigue using her clever plot-twists and brilliance of portrayal, but she leaves the reader guessing at every turn, even after the book ends. The maturation of Harry and friends is more relatable than ever, and a more emotion-oriented, rather than action-oriented focus is taken toward their lives. Especially important is the intense emphasis Rowling places on love and teamwork and that though chosen, Harry is still flawed.<br/><br/> For the most part, the books have been written through the eyes of Harry, the reader discovers information as Harry does. However, The Half-Blood Prince begins with a revelation that Harry is unaware of and can only suspect. Because he can only assume what is right and wrong, he does not have the complete backing of his peers and Dumbledore, which proves to be important. Also, the fact that Dumbledore seems to brush aside Harry's correct assumptions may allude to Rowling letting her characters be privy to information that the reader is not. After all, Dumbledore has never been shown to be wrong, and the one time he is seriously wrong, it is never actually addressed or even reflected upon by Harry in depth. This may lead to a reader assumption that Dumbledore was indeed correct, but the answer will remain unknown until the release of book seven.<br/><br/> Another tactic Rowling uses more so in the sixth book than in the others is foreshadowing. Generally, the interwoven plots of the story would all come to a head, but possibly because of the seriousness of the climax, Rowling puts obvious clues into the story to soften the blow. For instance, Draco's paralysis of Harry in the early chapters of the book is eerily echoed in a much later chapter. Harry's constant, obsessive suspicion of Draco and Snape that no one else pays attention to seems to prepare the reader for when his assumptions are found to be correct. In the earlier books, Rowling always had Harry and friends chasing after the wrong character and leading the audience along, in this book, not only does the reader know who is actually behind everything, but Harry knows as well.<br/><br/> Even though no one really believes Harry throughout most of the book, his friends stay beside him and help him when needed, especially through their trust in each other. Dumbledore constantly encouraged Harry to let Ron and Hermione know about the prophesy and keep them in the light about everything. As the wizarding world approaches war, the value of unity is more apparent than ever. Even the sorting hat advised students to "unite in the face of  their] enemies" (Rowling 163).<br/><br/> This book was also the most in-touch with the normal, human side of the characters. Instead of focusing on the wonder of Quidditch games and unfit teachers, all of the characters seem to be focused on figuring out who they are as people and how to deal with their emotions. Harry was faced with many dilemmas where he had to choose between loyalty and desire. He had to choose between putting inconsistent Ron on his team or a better player, choose between liking Ginny or respecting what he thought were Ron's wishes and staying away ("The battle still raged inside his head: Ginny or Ron?" (519)), and obeying Dumbledore's requests when with every ounce of his being he wanted to disobey. In each situation, Harry chooses loyalty to what is right over giving into what he would rather do.<br/><br/> Harry's increasing knowledge of Voldemort draws more parallels between them, and Harry even has a "resentful admiration for Voldemort's complete lack of fear" (364).  Being orphans stuck in love-deprived upbringings, they both could have turned out good or evil, but it is the ability to love which separates Harry from Voldemort and ends up being his greatest defense against him. Dumbledore tells Harry that love is all that protects him from the lure of power and that "In spite of all the temptation  he] has endured, all the suffering,  he] remains pure of heart, just as  he] was at the age of eleven" (511). Harry also related to Snape by using his potions book unknowingly, and holding him in high esteem before he knew Snape was the actual Half-Blood Prince.<br/><br/> Book six also stresses the value of unconditional love. Romantically, this can be seen through Fleur's unchanging love of Bill and Tonk's love for Lupin, despite circumstances. When Harry keeps forcing Dumbledore to drink the potion, unconditional love is shown to the extreme by both parties. Hermione sacrificed her own will to be there for Hagrid in his time of loss, Dumbledore made his huge sacrifice, and even Draco was willing to kill to save his family.<br/><br/> Harry Potter and The Half-Blood Prince is the best of the series to-date. Instead of focusing on the adventure and events, it centers itself around the dynamic of the characters. It is definitely a much more enjoyable book when books one through five are read first, and it is kept in mind that book seven is approaching, but Rowling's skill as a writer and series genius truly shines as Harry Potter's great adventure is coming to a close-- or getting ready to begin.
 Similar to the anticipation that greeted "The Empire Strikes Back" or "The Two Towers", it seems unenviable to write a book that really provides the set-up for the much-awaited finale of the Harry Potter series. There is a no-win aspect to a penultimate contribution to a stratospherically popular series because you know much of the book will be devoted to whetting your appetite for the conclusion. At the same time, J.K. Rowling is savvy enough to write an epic-length story that stands on its own and exhibits her considerable narrative powers. Thankfully, she limits all the catching up to the first chapter and then goes on flights of fancy that revolve quite a bit around potions and liquids - a dark lake, the liquid mists of memories in Dumbledore's Pensieve and of course, blood and poisons. But she still spends plenty of time showing how Harry and his friends have grown up since the last book.<br/><br/>Personally, I like the extensive back-story behind the evil Lord Voldemort and his poor mother, even though it takes about 200 pages before Harry meets the Half-Blood Prince of the title. The wait is worth it, as Rowling fully embodies her magical world like no other except Tolkien. This time, she brings a darker tone to the proceedings, not surprising as the previous books have given inklings of this trend for some time. Where Rowling succeeds is not letting the atmosphere dampen the action. Much of the plot has to do with Harry's efforts in convincing Ron and Hermione, as well as the adult wizards, that Harry's primary nemesis Draco Malfoy and Professor Snape, Hogwarts' Potions Master and Head of Slytherin house, are not what they appear. Sharing any more than that would be criminal to die-hard fans of the series. It's enough to say that a truly spectacular conclusion awaits you at the end and of course, inevitable tragedy, and more importantly, a dramatically effective transitional point to the final book. Enjoy.
 I have waited with baited breath for all the books in the Harry Potter series, &amp; enjoyed them immensely, re-reading each of them at least 7 times. This latest installment, however, is extremely disappointing to me. Many of the things that made the first books so much fun are barely mentioned- classes, teachers, Hagrid, other classmates like Neville.<br/>One of the things that irritates me the most is that Harry is really quite an incompetent wizard. He gets lousy grades, &amp; still can't manage to do spells silently by the end of the book (as of course, Hermione can). Dumbledore says his greatest strength is his "heart", but how will he defeat Voldemort if he hasn't learned magic even as well as his parents apparently did?- by loving Voldemort to death? It seems that there will have to be some ridiculous things happening in the 7th book to tie up all the numerous loose ends, &amp; manage to have Harry rid the world of Voldemort without it merely being just a happy accident.<br/>The earlier installments were filled with a nice combination of humor &amp; suspense, &amp; intriguing peeks into the wizarding world; the 6th has not nearly enough of these to suit me.<br/>After finishing the book, I felt a real letdown, &amp; have no desire to re-read it in the near future, although I will probably have to before the 7th one comes out. And while finding out about Voldemort's earlier life is somewhat interesting, is all of that lengthy information necessary to the furthering of the plot?
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is an exciting book that you cannot let read, nor apartarte of him.  Until half of the book all referred the situations of the adolescence appear laughing situations, where you cannot stops to laugh.<br/><br/>Following half happens of the laughter to the continuous suspense condition that does not allow that you leave the book does not stop to eat something.  The three last chapters, with the same perspective of the fifth book, appear of an intense form, where the tears are united to the reading until finalizing the book.<br/><br/>If the film is made, the actors will have to give everything of himself, for equal the intensity of the book.<br/><br/>I think that the writer had to add four chapters at least to more finish the series and not to create the condition from which she will come.  I believe that all those that have read the book share the final feeling of Harry Potter and we felt impotent of the possibility that does not exist the end that Harry hopes
 I will always love HP but my heart broke when Dumbledore died. But, even though he did, he will always live on.
 I have not always been a Harry Potter fan until recently.  I have all the movies up until Year 4 and all the books including the last one Deathly Hallows year 7.  I recommend buying and reading all the Harry Potter books, the excitement and tension truly does not build until this book "The Half Blood Prince" year 6.  J.K. Rowlings never ceases to amaze me with her vivid imagination. As I read her books I instantly feel like I am watching the movie and no longer reading. Now I am sure all the true Harry Potter fans saw the latest movie year 5 "The Order of the Phoenix" that catalyzed the journey. I like to thank Amazon.com for keeping all the Harry Potter fans up to date.  Stay stuned for the Harry Potter theme park called "Wizarding World" coming to Universal Studios in 2009.  I will be the first in line!
 If you're going to read this book then you've obviously read the preceeding volumes. Thus, I will not bore you more than this: I enjoyed this book as much as I did the first and read it in only a week...record time for me.<br/><br/>Since I only read my Harry Potter books while utilizing the bathroom, this is saying a great deal...especially since I didn't have any hygiene or health "problems" to prompt any extra visits to my "reading room." I should add that the dust jacket cover was much more complimentary to my surrounding decor than I've previously noticed.<br/><br/>All in all...an excellent book with literally leg-numbing content.
 Obviously Hagrid is the character I quoted in my review title. I think the big question of this book in regard to the eventual outcome for the whole series is, what did Snape agree to do? There are many possible answers, and some obvious ones beginning in Chapter 2, but I think after we read Book 7, we will be surprised to find out Snape's true nature. Book 6 is certainly one of the best of the series, my second favorite after Book 3. For all the zealots who cry foul about these books, one can read into parts of it some amazing parallels to significant Christian theology (See Luke 22:42 in reference to Chapter 26, "The Cave".) Rowling also gives us an array of emotions: quite a bit of humor, exhilarating and exasperating love interests, and profound sadness. It's apparent from the way I started this review that Book 6 does a lot to set us up for the end of the series. The final battle is prepared.
 I started reading these books when my second youngest then 10 wanted to read them and I wanted to make sure they were appropriate for her.  I got hooked and have been reading them all and going to the movies (hate the new Dumbledore!!).  I thought the last book had Harry a little too whiny for my taste although he was brave in the end.  This time while Harry is despondent and depressed in the beginning he comes around and shows what a clever and intelligent young man he is.  Harry's adventures with Professor Dumbledore are outstanding and teach us alot about Dumbledore as well as the things Dumbledore is teaching Harry about Voldemort.<br/><br/>We also see in this book where Harry is yearning to be a more "normal" wizard (Is that an oxymoron?) but that just isn't to be his fate.  This book also sees more of Professor Severus Snape and what he is up to.  Is he a spy for Dumbledore or Voldemort?  Whose side is he really on and is it resolved for sure in this book?<br/><br/>A sacrifice by a major character is also outstanding as are Ron, Hermione and Ginny's support of Harry.  I hope the seventh book comes out sooner than this one and that we have some exciting adventures and resolutions with the good triumphing over evil.<br/><br/>All in all these are fun to read for adults and great to have to share with your kids (if not too young!)!!<br/><br/>Highly recommended!
 In J. K. Rowling's sixth book "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince," Harry returned to Hogwarts with his friends, Ron and Hermione to discover that they have a new Potions as well as Defense of the Dark Arts teachers. At the same time, there were fear in people as there were killings which the Ministry believed were the doings of Lord Voldemort's Death Eaters. I n general, it caused chaos in both the Muggles and the Magical worlds.<br/><br/>The sixth book is in my opinion, one of the "darker" books in this series. In this book (spoilers alert!), we learned more about Lord Voldemort's background; his family, personality, friends and more importantly his ambitions. At the same time, there were relationship developments among the main characters. This was not the most exciting Harry Potter book for me and I was also surprised to find that there were no "twists" at the end, as compared to the other books. However, I feel that in this book, Rowling provided more background information which will prepare her readers for the ultimate showdown between Harry and Voldemort in her seventh book.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince follows 16-year-old Harry Potter through his sixth year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.  The book is darker than any of the prequels.<br/><br/>The book begins on a serious note.  The new Minister of Magic, Rufus Scrimgeour warns the muggle Prime Minister of Voldemort's return.  Voldemort is ready to kill on impulse and should be avoided by both members of the magic community and members of the muggle community.  The number one target, of course, is the protagonist, Harry Potter.  Harry has survived several former attacks by Voldemort and is prophesied to be the "chosen one" to kill him.<br/><br/>At Hogwarts, life is grimmer than it has ever been.  Professor Snape replaces Professor Umbridge as Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher.  This was the one job that Dumbledore refused to give him in the past because of his former connections to Lord Voldemort.  Snape has gained Dumbledore's trust in recent years and accepts the job.  Professor Slughorn, a former teacher at the school, obtains Snape's former position as Potions Teacher.  Slughorn is immediately fond like to any student with supreme magical abilities and invites them to his parties.  Harry, Hermione, and Ginny are included in this group.  In addition, Dumbledore returns to the school with a charred, shrunken hand.  He refuses to tell anyone why this has happened.  Lastly, Malfoy is bestowed an important task by Lord Voldemort, which Harry overhears in the Hogwarts Express.  Harry has no idea what the task is, but is convinced that he needs to stop him by any means possible.<br/><br/>On a lighter note, Harry is enjoying his sixth year at Hogwarts.  He finds a used potions book with written in tips and spells on how to make the best potions in the quickest amount of time.  The person who previously owned the book, the "Half-Blood Prince" remains an important mystery in the novel.  He receives high marks in this class for the first time, sealing his position as Slughorn's favorite student.  On the Quidditch team, Harry continues his position as seeker and Ron becomes the new keeper.  Harry also begins his first serious relationship with a girl.  Also, Dumbledore gives private lessons on Harry on how to defeat the Dark Lord.  They continuously use the Pensieve as a means to discover who Lord Voldemort was as a child and how he came to be the evil man that he is now.  This is probably the biggest highlight of the school year for Harry.<br/><br/>As usual, J.K. Rowling has written a world-class novel: a mix of action, adventure, romance, and deceit, but has given this novel a scarier twist.  The reader can easily decipher the story and follow the characters as they grow emotionally.  Instead of solving mysteries set forth by previous novels, this one presents several new questions.  What is Malfoy's task?  Can Snape be trusted?  Why is Dumbledore's hand charred and shrunken?  What will learning about Voldemort's childhood do to help Harry defeat him?  And, finally, who is the "Half-Blood Prince"?  Read this novel to find out the answers to these questions, you will be in for a surprise.  I recommend this novel 100%.
 At long last--they never appear fast enough--but J.K. Rowling's "too long awaited" sixth installment of the Harry Potter series is, of course, worth the wait. Even worth the wait at Wal-mart's to purchase it! What an exciting "arrival"!<br/><br/>And after some 600 pages, my jury is in:  "Harry Potter and the<br/><br/>Half-Blood Prince" is an A plus!  In fact, my jury says it's Rowling's best written episode.  Not only has Harry "matured," but it seems so has Ms Rowling and her incredibly popular style and subject matter.<br/><br/>Filled at once with the usual HP mystique, intrigue, humor, intensity, and excellent character development, this book doesn't slow down from the opening page onward.  Record-breaking sales aside, "Half-Blood Prince" continues its hold on readers of all ages.<br/><br/>Rowling, without missing a beat, picks up from where she interrupted.  The narrative doesn't weaken a bit as we find Harry, Ron, Hermione, the whole Hogwarts watch, all matching their wits as He-Whose-Name-Must-Not-Be-Mentioned continues his attack on decent folk (and wizards and their like) everywhere. This time, he's taken his attack front directly to the Muggles and we find a more universal concern.  Rowling pulls no punches (but provides quite a few surprises along the way) as her sixteen-year old protagonist works through not only his sixth year at Hogwarts, but another year in his search for his own identity, purpose, and destiny.<br/><br/>"Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is a book that's just about in everybody's hands already.  It's a fever that simply won't go away anytime soon.<br/><br/>(Is the seventh installment ready yet, Ms Rowling?)
 This was a very good book just like all of the other books J.K. Rowling has written. As Harry, Ron, and Hermione enter there sixth year at Hogwarts things become more interesting. Since they are teenagers emotions and hormones take a pivotal role in their lives. Harry starts to have mixed feelings about Ginny while Hermione and Ron's emotions begin to take toll on their friendship. Emotions are not the only frightening things in this book. Dumbledore begins to teach Harry about Lord Voldemort's History and discovers many surprising things about him. Harry also overhears a conversation that Malfoy has with the owner of a dark magic store called Borgin and Burkes and begins to suspect that he is a death eater but finds no help or support from anyone he tells about his theory. Things also become more mysterious when Harry acquires an old potions book that has additional tips added to the potion making directions written in by its former owner who calls them self "The Half Blood Prince." Harry uses these tips to excel in potions while Hermione becomes furious with Harry for using the book to cheat. When he begins to find spells written in the book that he has never heard of before he decides to use them to prank people he does not like. Hermione starts to worry about him and tries to find out who the former owner of the book was to make sure they were not a bad person, but Harry tells her that there is nothing wrong with the book or person who owned it that is until the spells become increasingly more dangerous. There are a lot of surprises in this book and I wont tell you any of them. If you have not read this book or been told any of the surprises you will be shocked by all that unravels throughout the story. This is a very exciting and adventurous book you won't be able to put it down I couldn't. If you like fantasy and adventure novels or any of the other books in the Harry Potter series then you will definitely want to read this book it really keeps you in suspense. I would also encourage parents to read this book before they let a young child read it there may be some material that you may not approve of. I would give it a pg. to pg.13 rating depending on what you think is suitable for your child to read but I also give it five stars. I hope that my rating has helped to give you a general idea of what the book is about and helped you choose whether or not you would like to buy or read it.
 It’s harry Potter who doesn’t like it. Ships fast
 This is my favorite Potter so far.  I love the dynamics between the characters as they are growing up and loved the plot twist that I wasn’t expecting!
 While we may split hairs and nitpick over which book has been the best so far and which the weakest, blah blah blah, they are all page turners and they all leave you yearning for more, so bravo Ms. Rowling!<br/><br/>As the link to what will be the conclusion of the series, and consequently a cliffhanger by default, book six was bound to be a little bit of a let down as it ended; simply put, we want to find out what's going to happen and having to wait two years is a real drag. I was actually feeling sentimental, bittersweet melancholy as I finished this book and realized that I was both near the end of a good ride and also utterly devoid of any sense of satisfaction. It was akin to the sensation of being young and waking up from an impossibly bountiful dream only to realize it was gone and now I had to get ready for school.<br/><br/>When the next long wait is over, there will undoubtedly be more twists and turns in store as I for one don't buy the apparent open treachery of a certain character at the book's climax. I look forward to seeing how J.K. brings it all together in the end. I'm also curious to see who's going to tighten up Harry's magical abilities; it was painfully beautiful and torturous to witness his staggeringly futile efforts to avenge himself as the Half Blood Prince effortlessly parried his murderous onslaught in one of the best passages in any of the six books.<br/><br/>Poor Harry. Will the Order of the Phoenix ever hold their own in a battle with the Death Eaters? Harry with all his adolecent limitations still manages to inflict more damage on them than the rest of the aurors and his well intentioned classmates combined. I find myself ruefully chastising the good guys for their ineptitude. I suppose it has something to do with the Death Eaters playing for keeps while the Order and the Ministry aurors busy themselves trying to keep from injuring them. I was thrilled when Harry got serious and tried to open up the unforgivable stuff on his new number one nemesis, even if it didn't get him anywhere.<br/><br/>I love J.K.'s seamless shifting of gears from corny snogging silliness to undead zombie, bad acid near death ghastliness probably more than anything else in her writing. Her imagination and attention to detail are top shelf as well. While I might have rather seen things end up a little differently in the Half Blood Prince, J.K.'s the one driving and I'm not going to complain as the view from the backseat continues to impress.
 Frankly, when i picked up my copy of HP6, i was expecting a *lot* more than what JKR gave me.<br/><br/>I definitely thought this would be darker than book five, but well, i also wanted more action. I wanted to see Harry win, atleast a part of the battle. But not much happens in HP6. Disappointing.<br/><br/>And yes, it kept getting preachy at times, with Dumbledore extolling the virtues of a whole soul, and about Voldemort's fears. Better editing could have made it a much pacier, and interesting book. But anyways, its still nice. A must read for every HP fan out there. And i am already waiting for the final installment, its high time harry got 'em all.
 I definitely didn't like the death of an important character. But there has to be a purpose for it. Revenge can be poison to a body. It consumes you to the very being. Should Harry Potter contine his quest for revenge and give up a life of love?
 30 year old mother of three reporting in.<br/><br/>No amount of traffic, heat and humidity, nor a broken foot in a knee length cast could stop me from buying this book at midnight on release day.  However, in retrospect, perhaps the book could.<br/><br/>I thoroughly enjoyed the first chapter.  Jo stated that it was something she's been working on for many years.  It was nice to read, and envisioning the scenario with real people was very entertaining.  The second chapter left me tantilized, wondering what on earth was going on?  Mystery and intrigue.  The hook caught me. By the 5th chapter, I was starting to see a downward spiral in the writing style.<br/><br/>On the 5th day, I finally finished the book.  The other Potter books to only 2 days at the maximum.  But this books was painfully difficult to read.  I got so frustrated with its entire midsection that I kept having to put it down.<br/><br/>I agree with other reviewers in that the coming of age theme is entertaining, hormones doing their thing, teenagers looking to create jealousy and turmoil.. you know, normal 16 year old stuff.  But there was so much lacking outside of hormonal development.  There was no sense of character development or maturing.<br/><br/>The parts of the story that take place with Harry and Dumbledore in the pensieve don't really give us much more information than we already have.  Just tiny bits that could have been pared down to a chapter or less.  Harry's obsession with Malfoy was really quite annoying.<br/><br/>There are just so many small things in this book, and I guess that's the biggest problems I have with it.  I'm left asking, "Where's the beef?"<br/><br/>Wait until these books are available at a discount bookseller or for lending at the library.  But honestly, after the first three chapters,  you can skip the first two-thirds of the book as there isn't anything important that you're going to miss save for a whole bunch of filler.<br/><br/>I haven't wasted my money, though annoyed that I'm padding a purse that is most undeserving of it with this installment, my oldest is enjoying the book, but I certainly hope that Jo redeems herself with the final book.<br/><br/>One very disenchanted,<br/><br/>Lady of Trees
 It is a mark of J.K. Rowling's skills as a writer that the character of Harry Potter is noticeably maturing as he ages.  He detects and grasps nuances in people's behavior that either escaped or confused him as a younger teen.  He's also more confident, decidedly more a senior member of the student body, and more at home contemplating the larger questions than he was when we first met him.<br/><br/>J.K. Rowling is also doing a very good job with Voldemort's character.  He's fascinating.  He is both more and less than a generically evil foil, a catalist for conflict and heroism.  He's a more interesting character than he needs to be to merely pit against us.  He's sinister in an unexpected way; he's disturbing.<br/><br/>Finally there's the question of writing style.  Book one was, more than anything else, whimsical and light-hearted.  Book four was noticeably more lush and lyrical in its descriptions of detail.  "Darker" has been repeatedly used to describe the progression, but I don't agree.  By this, book six, the richly painted backdrops have been scaled back; there's just too much plot that must be presented.  In this sense the book moves along briskly, the author clearly focused on putting in place all the necessary pieces for the showdown that presumably is coming in book seven.<br/><br/>Like all of them, highly recommended.
 This was NOT a good Harry Potter book, at least as far as a good storyline goes.  There is no real storyline to this book at all, just several half done lines that, when put together, add up to something, but not a good book.<br/><br/>Storyline 1) The Half-Blood Prince.  This barely qualifies as a storyline.  To make a long story short, Harry finds a book by the Half-Blood Prince, and it helps him out in Potions class, and also has several spells written along the edges.  Hermione doesn't like the book, and she mentions it several times.  Harry doesn't even take the book to Dumbledore.<br/><br/>Storyline 2) Love.  This by far is the biggest storyline in the book.  It revolves around which charactor is in love with who and how the other 2 react to it.  This storyline seems added just to thicken the book some, and to carry the plot.<br/><br/>Storyline 3) Lord Voldemorts beginnings.  This is the whole point of the book, how Lord Voldemort came to be, and what Harry and Dumbledore can do to finally stop him.<br/><br/>The usual enemies aren't seen much, Malfoy is off hiding all the time, and Voldemort doesn't show up at all.  I was expecting a Very dark and scary book, since we know how bad it was when Voldemort was around the first time, I assumed it would be just as bad.  But it's not.  There are few references to what is going on outside Hogwarts (read in the Daily Prophet), but there is not the sense of fear that I hoped would be there.  Hogwarts is quite safe as well.<br/><br/>It was not a bad book, and for Harry Potter fans, I recommend it, but it was not up to the usual standard for Harry Potter books.<br/><br/>I just can't wait until the final book comes out.
 It is well recognised in the fan community that Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix could easily have lost 200 of its 766 pages.  Well, this new book, at 607 pages (almost the same as the action-packed Goblet of Fire) really ought to have come out as one of the shortest in the canon.  Four hundred-odd pages of inconsequential school doings and Quidditch matches, interspersed with plot-advancing visits to Dumbledore's office for Harry's "extra lessons", all of which lessons could (outside the constraints of a novel that apparently has to fill lots of pages) have taken place over a single evening.<br/><br/>What is remarkable at this stage of the series, is how little, for once, appears to be at stake.  The evildoings of the Death Eaters only ever come to Harry and the gang by secondhand report.  At one or two points the pupils are threatened, but the danger is clearly fleeting.  The Ministry is busy locking up clearly innocent people, but only a few, and it's hardly considered important.  Who is the mysterious Half-Blood Prince, known only through his or her emendations of an old potions book?  As it transpires the Prince's identity is revealed, and what that person did or did not do upon learning that Harry had been using their old book is clearly an important plot point for the final book.  But frankly it is very far from being important enough to justify hanging the name of the whole book (and inciting a year of feverish fan speculation) on it.<br/><br/>In the meantime the most memorable part of the main body of the book (whilst not forming very much of it in terms of page-count) is the increasingly hormonal activities of our Hogwarts friends, who seem to indulge in what I shall refer to as  "pair-bonding behaviour" far more than was ever noticeable at *my* school!  That said, just when this element is gaining in interest and importance, Rowling hides behind a curiously detached way of describing what goes on.  Having extensively detailed Harry's internal turmoil over his sudden and surprising interest in Ginny Weasley (sadly just when she has evidently gotten over her crush on him) Rowling suddenly stops prying at the precise moment when this situation is suddenly resolved (in Harry's favour, it seems almost needless to say).  If you'll forgive a slight spoiler, there's a passionate kiss at the end of a chapter, and the next one begins with the words, "The news that Harry Potter and Ginny Weasley were going out....".  But yet.... nothing.  The cleverly written descriptions of Harry's emotional upheavals simply vanish from this point onward.  Nothing is said of Harry and Ginny's interactions when they are alone, there is just no exploration of their relationship whatsoever.  It's all just a fait accompli.  As Rowling's exploration of the painful realities of puberty have up to now been amongst the better parts of the last three books, this sudden abandonment by the author is deeply disappointing.<br/><br/>If J.K. Rowling has a fault as a writer (she has many, no doubt, but I'm not one to carp about the saga's supposed lack of 'literary quality') it is an inability sometimes to see the wood for the trees.  On occasion she seems to have forgotten her old knack of creating situations that tie the storyline and the character arcs together in a way that has a maximal emotional effect on the reader.  The above-mentioned big event in Harry's adolescent love life, for example, happens after a Quidditch match at which Harry was not even present.  Not only did he not participate in the victory, he didn't see the efforts of his paramour that secured it.  So why *are* the two of them suddenly kissing, and recognisably together?  Again, one moment Ron is in a coma having been almost killed - but on the next page, Harry has already been to see him and spoken with him several times.  But where was Harry when Ron woke up?  Obviously we all knew he would, but with this, and other crucial moments of character interaction, I can't help feeling that the readers have been cheated a little.<br/><br/>The real "crux" of this instalment (if people who have already read the book will forgive me!) is the actual purpose behind those extra lessons with Professor Dumbledore, the climax of which story forms the last 150 pages or so of the Half-Blood Prince.  This, finally, is Rowling back on form.  Outside the confines of the by now too-well-known Hogwarts at last, her imagination is freed once more to bring us enchantment and new fantastical ideas, wrapped in a tale of blood-pumping excitement and a rip-roaring climax that pulls no punches whatsoever.  Only as we reach this shattering and heartrending culmination do we re-awaken our interest in the whole conflict between Harry and Voldemort, and suddenly find ourselves bereft - that the story, which has now, finally, taken flight, has ended for another agonising two year wait.
 By the time I read Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, I was beginning to tire a bit of J.K. Rowling's popular and lucrative series.  Although every novel was an immensely enjoyable read, around Goblet of Fire I started to feel like something was missing from the Potter books.  In other words, although I found the books immediately satisfying, in hindsight something about them simply didn't hold up.  Finally, having read Half-Blood Prince, I can pinpoint what exactly was missing from the other novels.  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is the best novel in the series because of its balanced length and pacing, as well as for its attention to further developing the antagonists of the series.<br/><br/> Pacing is perhaps Rowling's greatest talent as a writer.  Admittedly, I finished the first three novels in one sitting, while the fourth and fifth took me only slightly longer.  However, the ludicrously fast pace of the novels has been both a blessing and curse.  On one hand, they are extremely accessible and easy to digest.  On the other hand, those wishing for a more involved read are left somewhat unfulfilled. Rowling seemed to overcompensate for the first three entries with the fourth and fifth books, forcing together sub-plots that are a bit unnecessary (Dobby, for one, seems more like a plot device than a character at times).<br/><br/> Thankfully, Rowling gets the balance between pacing and length totally right in Half-Blood Prince.  I was happy to find her keeping her sub-plots nice and trim, as opposed to the rather bloated "Hagrid and Grawp" and "Ron joining the Quidditch team" sub-plots of Order of the Phoenix.  Although the sixth novel once again features Dobby the house-elf, he is wisely given a succinct, yet essential role to play in plot.  For instance, the scene in which Harry tells Kreacher and Dobby to follow Draco is only four pages long, and is entertaining without distracting the reader from its purpose:  to give Harry a way to keep tabs on Draco's mysterious actions.  Also, the structure of the scene gives the reader a sense that not much more space will be given to this particular plot.  As Harry conveniently elaborates at the end of the scene, "I'll want regular reports, but make sure I'm not surrounded by people when you turn up. . . And don't tell anyone what you're doing.  Just stick to Malfoy like a couple of wart plasters" (Rowling 422).  This statement seems to promise the reader a bare bones, yet effective sub-plot, and in this aspect Rowling delivers.<br/><br/> The more tasteful use of sub-plots in the Half-Blood Prince gives Rowling more space to develop the back-stories of many of the previously neglected characters in the series:  the antagonists.  By antagonists, I mean Draco, Voldemort, and Snape. To start, the insight given into Draco's character, while more implied than literal, makes him seem more like an actual human being rather than the school bully stereotype he appears to be in books one through five.  The second chapter, "Spinner's End" forces the reader very early in the novel to consider Draco not simply as a bully with evil parents, but rather as the son of a very concerned mother.  When Narcissa Malfoy begs Snape to take an Unbreakable Vow to protect Draco, she is far from coming across as an evil Death Eater; she is just a loving mother looking to protect her son:  "She crumpled, falling to his feet, sobbing and moaning on the floor" (35).  Furthermore, his hesitation to kill Dumbledore, as well as the passage in which Harry discovers Draco has been crying alone in the bathroom, allows the reader to feel some sympathy for him.  Dumbledore puts it plainly enough when he says "I don't think you will kill me, Draco.  Killing is not nearly as easy as the innocent believe . . ." (586).  The message here is clear, while Draco has made some bad choices, he is not inherently evil.<br/><br/> In addition to Draco's character development, Voldemort is given an extensive back-story in book six.  While the other novels contain fragmented hints as to Tom Riddle's origins, Half-Blood Prince actually contains several first hand accounts of the childhood of the boy who would become Voldemort.  The strength of the back-story Rowling creates for Voldemort is immensely compelling in that it makes him seem more human, which in turn makes him more frightening. The reader is even tempted to feel sorry for the young Tom Riddle, who grew up parentless in an orphanage.  Harry is even shocked and appalled when he learns Tom Riddle's mother, Merope, did not do everything she could to protect her son, prompting Dumbledore to reply, "Could you possibly be feeling sorry for Lord Voldemort?" (262). This statement ties the young Riddle's story very closely to Draco's by inferring that the Dark Lords of the world aren't born, they are created.  Dumbledore, who learns of Tom Riddle's cruelty at the orphanage, nonetheless gives Riddle a second chance at Hogwarts, telling Harry "Though he had shown no hint of remorse, it was possible that he felt sorry for how he had behaved before and was resolved to turn over a fresh leaf.  I chose to give him that chance" (361).<br/><br/> The final antagonist in Half-Blood Prince, Severus Snape, is more difficult to interpret simply for the fact that is still unclear where his loyalties lie.  As someone who was trusted by Dumbledore despite his history as a Death Eater, there is very strong evidence to argue that Snape may have been acting in the best interests of Dumbledore by killing him.  It is also possible that Snape did what he did to protect Draco rather than simply to do the bidding of Voldemort.  Speculation aside, there is some relatively clear-cut character development concerning Snape in the novel, namely regarding his decision to help Draco.  His taking of the Unbreakable Vow in "Spinner's End" not only shows some inclination on Snape's behalf to protect Draco, but it is also against the Dark Lord's wishes.  Because he stands to lose favor with both Voldemort and Dumbledore by taking the vow, it seems that regardless of his loyalties, Snape's first concern in the matter is Draco.  Undoubtedly, this shows compassion in his character lacking somewhat in the other books.<br/><br/> All in all, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is, so far, the deepest, most gratifying Potter book.  On the surface, this stems from the fact that the book is satisfying both lengthwise and in terms of its pacing.  The book starts off slowly and builds to an appropriately fast-paced climax without getting bogged down by a gratuitous amount of sub-plots. The novels true strength, however, is in its presentation of antagonists like Draco and Voldemort (and to a certain extent Snape) as people forced to make their own choices, and not simply as villains.  Because of this, Half-Blood Prince contains a much deeper, more mature commentary on the nature of evil than the other novels in the series.  It seems that with Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, Rowling has decided to move the series in a deeper direction that will please those who might have felt a bit jaded with the other books.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Review - No Spoilers<br/><br/>Reviewed by Ricwhite - Elementary Reading Teacher<br/><br/>Ratings:<br/><br/>Last 150 pages  4 out of 5 stars<br/><br/>First 500 pages  2 out of 5 stars<br/><br/> I have not read other reviews on this book yet so I do not know if this is similar or dissimilar to them.  I will give you my honest impressions.<br/><br/> The sixth book, in my opinion, is mostly a "set-up" for the seventh and final book.  The first couple of chapters are descriptions of scenes that give the reader some background information that was mildly interesting.<br/><br/> However, for the next 20 or so chapters, the main emotion I had was that of boredom.  The dialogues were long and tedious and the routines that I was so familiar with no longer had novelty and become quickly tiring.  Most of the book is background information about characters in the form of memory flashbacks which seem to never end.  Although the information is interesting and necessary to understand the complex and rather twisted plot forthcoming, it was, nonetheless, dull - much like taking a boring eight hour ride in a uncomfortable automobile in hopes of finally reaching a much more exciting amusement park.  Also, the scenes of romantic involvement appeared forcibly inserted and unnatural and rather unmoving.<br/><br/> I did anticipate excitement, however, in the latter stages of the book, and I was not disappointed, although, I was hoping it would begin sooner.  The last 150 pages or so, were riveting, albeit, somewhat lacking in punch at various points.  I was actually expecting a little better dialogue and description to bring out a stronger emotional reaction.  Nevertheless, I was sufficiently entertained and enthralled.<br/><br/> Overall, my reaction to book six is one of mild disappointment.  It appeared to me that I read a 300 page (at best) book laboriously stretched into a 654 page book.  When reading, I put myself in the shoes of my students and felt that many would not be able to last the 500 pages until the plot accelerated.  Overall  a 3 out of 5 stars.<br/><br/> On a side note - The sixth book DID set up book seven quite well.  There is SO much material left to be worked out, that I anticipate that book seven  will be much more active and interesting and lengthier than book six, which appeared to be the "calm" before the storm.
 Of course the book is wonderful. I just hadn’t expected it to be THIS good. Another incredible installment of the Harry Potter series!
 I spent all day Saturday reading this thing. Shortly before midnight I finished it and I was emotionally exhausted by the end of it. Rowling sticks to her successful format of dropping clues throughout the entire book, making you wonder who has connections where, what's going to happen and on and on. The ending of this one (and by that, I mean the major fatality) was to be expected and by the end of chapter 2 I knew it was going to happen so I was a little upset that she had gone the obvious route.<br/><br/>Obvious but necessary.<br/><br/>By eliminating the character she did, she has set up the story for Harry to finish by himself, without help. It's classic mythology, and I can definitely see her reason for it. Now, she has set the stage for a very dramatic final chapter, where there is no confusion over villians and heroes and Harry knows exactly what he must do.<br/><br/>This book takes great leaps from the "Kids Book Series" that this saga has been made out to be. I don't feel like it was a children's book at all. There are some sexual references, strong language referenced and used, as well as violence. On top of that it was scary. I think parents should read it before they read it to their children and decide whether the child can handle it.<br/><br/>I can't wait for the 7th book. I have a number of theories, as well as some thoughts on how I would write it (but that's beside the point) and I can't wait to see if I'm right but above all, how this all turns out.
 This book is the opposite of HPOotP in every way. Harry has grown in a deep and meaningful way, and although he is reluctant to let go of the thought of having a parental figure, he moves toward it through the entirety of the book. This is Harry after losing... He is able to love and be loved, and that's such a difficult thing to do when pained. He is able to see those that are there for him, and furthermore actually start his quest. I was really moved by the book, amazed by all the answers. I was prepared for Dumbledore's death, I actually didn't cry at all, yet I still cry for Sirius... But I understand what the two men represent, and understood from the beginning that Dumbledore would not make it. I cannot, however, say that I forsaw it being Snape and was quite literally sitting at the edge of my seat. My biggest complaint is that Harry is not nearly as powerful as Voldemort, Dumbledore, and Snape were at his very same age. I mean even his father had accomplished to become an animagus by that stage. Harry can do a Patronus and that's it. I was furious with Harry's inability to fight Snape, and I can't really believe that he'll suddenly become amazing at dueling/magic. Although better than most of his classmates (that we see, as it is his perspective). But Harry isn't fighting his peers... I'm not satisfied with his lack of magical growth...<br/><br/>All that being said, I suggest the Deluxe edition because the artwork is splendid.  It really is worth the price if you value the extras.  The book is beautiful and a wonderful edition to my collection.
 With every Harry Potter installment, I find myself saying the new installment is my favorite of the series so far.  Book 6 is no exception, and I think it is a credit to the author.  The hopelessness and despair have increased in order for the readers to feel the plight of the characters.  Starting with this book and continuing into the next, the reader feels the despair that afflicts the good wizard community.  It has some similarities to World War II Germany.  I thoroughly enjoyed this novel, even if it was a bit gloomy.
 In "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince", the characters have deepened. Dark characters are darker. Harry and friends, especially Harry, have put away put away their childish ways, though perhaps have taken on some childish adult ways.  Dumbledore is showing his age.  All this, barely two weeks after the last book ended.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, the book begins tediously. One of Rowling's flaws is the overuse of conversation when a summary telling would do. If your child's eyes are glazing over after barely beginning the book, suggest that he or she skip the first chapter, just for now, and start with the second.  Explain that the first chapter is just the Minister of Magic telling the British Prime Minister (because the Magical World situation has gotten so bad) all that we have learned in previous books: Voldemort, Death Eaters, dementors, giants and other dangerous creatures are loose.  Chapter 2 will hook them as Draco Malfoy's mother runs desperately through a decrepit neighborhood to the home of a Hogwarts teacher to plead for and receive a disturbing promise that the reader will search for loopholes.  From there, the book continues, with rare exception, anyway, with fast paced and exciting events that will keep your child glued to the pages.<br/><br/>The previous book, "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix", ended with a battle at the Ministry of Magic between Harry's little army of trained students and Voldemort's Death Eater followers, a battle in which Harry's restless godfather, Sirius Black is killed. Later, Dumbledore confesses that it was his fault for not warning Harry that Voldemort would try to lure him to the Ministry of Magic, which Voldemort did. In other words, Rowling based the entire plot on Dumbledore making a dumb mistake.<br/><br/>But these and other unpleasant aspects of Book 5 (such as a sullen, tantrum-throwing Harry) have magically disappeared.  Rowling describes a magical world in terror of Death Eater attacks and kidnappings (among many others, Ollivander the wandmaker has disappeared), and the possibility that anyone could be controlled by the Imperius curse (a 9 year old tries to kill his grandparents), the Ministry of Magic is flailing, jailing, and making dire warnings while assuring they are in control (sound familiar?),  dementors are breeding, and werewolves are joining Voldemort.  Dumbledore's incurably curse-burned hand and two students struck down prove that Hogwarts is not safe.<br/><br/>With such turmoil in the background, Harry still has the responsibilities of school. As the new Gryffindor Quidditch team captain he runs tryouts, deals with squabbling teammates and tries to avoid detention on game day.  His Auror track curriculum is difficult and he has to dodge love potions from his new gaggle of groupies.<br/><br/>And sift clues. What is Malfoy up to? Is he just bragging to Pansy or are his threats to a Dark shopkeeper, and frequent disappearances from the Marauder's Map significant?  The new teacher -- returning from retirement actually -- Professor Slughorn has a custom of drawing successful and connected students into his circle. Who has he included in the past and did he give too much career advice?  The replacement of the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher is worrisome, but it does allow an old potions book with powerful notes written in the margins to fall into Harry's hands.  Who is the author, this Half-Blood Prince, so focused and brilliant at refining spells and potions?  And why does Dumbledore dismiss Harry's suspicions of Malfoy and Snape?  How does Dumbledore know he can trust Snape whom he sent to get cozy with the Voldemort gang by pretending to spy on Hogwarts for them?<br/><br/>But most fascinating are Dumbledore travels with Harry into the Pensieve memory bowl to witness various people's memories of Voldemort's history.  A Ministry official's memory shows Voldemort's mother's teenage life as an inbred/pureblood daughter of an abusive Wizard-trash father and her infatuation with a handsome horse-riding aristocrat.  Dumbledore's memory shows his first meeting with the manipulative, and perhaps cruel, orphan Tom Riddle, as he is offered a place at Hogwarts.  Other memories recall Tom's later explorations as he unravels the story of his birth parents and settles a very old score.  As Tom becomes Lord Voldemort, we witness his machinations to enlist followers and render himself immortal.  When Harry manages to charm (or manipulate with mead and Bambi eyes, who's splitting hairs?) a crucial memory from a resistant teacher, Dumbledore's fears are confirmed and his and Harry's direction to defeat Voldemort is determined.<br/><br/>And although we are spared a visual description of dementors breeding, a word of warning for parents:  Though the violence, terror and sorrow are no stronger than in previous Potter books, the romances are more physical.  Although the descriptions never get graphic or suggestive, a depiction of the common room where 11 through 18 year-olds hang out includes a couple "thrashing like a pair of eels" on a couch.  This seems below Hogwarts' usual standards of conduct, especially with prefects involved.  Rowling's characters have used swear words and rude finger gestures (without her quoting the words or specifying the finger), and certainly any but the most sheltered child has witnessed worse, but now, on page 365, a rough character uses the four-letter "S" word for a promiscuous woman. I cannot imagine a parent reading it out loud to a child, however, it would be easy to alter the sentence.<br/><br/>Many anticipated circumstances and characters are but glimpsed in frustratingly short scenes: the prophecy and whether it is Neville or Harry, Wormtail (how long has he been hiding there?), the Dursleys who don't even put up a fight this time, Hagrid and his strangely behaving younger giant brother Grawp, house-elves Dobby and Kreacher (even though Harry has inherited Sirius' house and Kreacher, Kreacher doesn't really affect the plot), and pets -- Ginny has a new puffy one but no owl, cat, frog or rat affects the plot.  It seems like Rowling just reminds us of these guys to use them next book.  She'd better because they are missed here.  It's a shame she couldn't give these characters some of the space overly devoted to the main characters' romances, or rather their angst about whether to have a romance and their resentment-blinded tromping of the romance they could be having.<br/><br/>The death at the end is hard to take, but not a total shock, and there are others whose deaths would cause us more grief.  There are also a few clues that strung together, in the style of a grand conspiracy theory, could suggest it is not all it seems.<br/><br/>Or the clues could instead be small flaws in storytelling.  Rowling makes a few.  For instance, on the tower when both sides want to get down quickly, no one uses the two broomsticks laying there.  Other curious moments might be flaws in plot development or actually evidence of a character's real intent:  Oddly, Snape does not follow Harry when he commands him to bring the book with a deadly spell hand-written in the margins.  Harry hides it and Snape does not use his Legilemency skills to read Harry's mind to find it.  Snape could have gotten Harry expelled for nearly killing a student but doesn't.  Are these instances of poor plot progression to keep Harry active in the story, or clues to Snape's true intent?<br/><br/>It was disappointing to have no more revealed about whether Harry or Neville Longbottom was the boy prophesied to either kill or be killed by Lord Voldemort.  Rowling didn't even include a restating of the prophesy in this book, though Trelawney's retelling of the before and after (she doesn't remember making the prophesy itself) gave us another story twist.] Faltering, good-hearted Neville would be a stirring new hero to join Harry and the clues were there:  besides him fitting the prophecy's birthday description, in Book 5 we learned that he was using his father's wand, broke it in the Ministry battle, in fact, which could explain his poor spell-casting abilities.  This year he has his own wand, one of Ollivander's last before his disappearance, yet Neville has his smallest part in a book yet.<br/><br/>We can only hope Rowling features Neville and all the other barely mentioned characters when she ties up the many tangled ends in Harry Potter Book 7.<br/><br/>Jeannette Jaquish is a local children's theater script author.  (...)
 I received my copy by mail Saturday morning while I was at work, but waited until I got home to start reading it.  It took me just under a day and a half to finish it (time for sleep and work included), and I have to say that it was well worth the wait.  My only major complaint is that we're going to have to wait another 2 years or more to get to the final installment!<br/><br/>About a third of the way through the book, I likened this story to the second act of the third movie in a trilogy.  Books 1 and 2 make the first, 3 and 4 the second, while 5 kind of acts as both the final act of the second and the first act of the third.  As such, this story serves to give us the most of the remaining backstory by a great deal of exposition while still leaving a few key pieces out of place and the events that unfold set the stage for the final act.  The climactic battle with You-Know-Who is hinted at and talked about, but unlike in previous books (3 being the sole exception), that particular confrontation does not happen, as it is most definitely reserved for the final act.  And like in any trilogy, anyone can die... and usually does...<br/><br/>The amount of exposition from one of the major characters - who was markedly silent in book 5 - answers plenty of questions and sets up a more fleshed-out backstory that had (in my mind) been a touch lacking.  Other lesser bouts of exposition are no less shocking, though a certain character's admission of their plans and devices didn't seem to quell any doubts about the person's true loyalties - even after their actions at the end of the book (sidenote: this person's parting words to Harry seemed less like a taunt and more like a... lesson, perhaps?).  In all, they seemed to range from the light-dawning-slowly "...oh yeah..." moments to the "OMGWTFBBQ???!?!?" moments.<br/><br/>The romantic relationships that grow, blossom, and in some cases die are realistic, funny and well-written - I didn't feel there was too much of it, unlike other reviewers, as romantic interests are quite often the center of the world for 16- and 17-year-olds.  The scene after Snape's detention was one of my favorites... however, it was slightly marred by the Spider-Man-2-esque "You can't be around me" scene at the end.  Still, it was satisfying to see the culmination of a lesser relationship while the stage was set for the one everyone is expecting.<br/><br/>One of my only complaints about the story, in general, is how the matter of the Half-Blood Prince's identity is revealed.  Not only does the revelation occur in the midst of a flurry of action (during a chase scene, no less) and after the emotional death of a main character, but the person's identity is revealed in the illustration right under the chapter number and title!<br/><br/>As I said before, the events set the stage for the final act.  Plans are made for things to do starting over the summer, and Harry has a firm plan in mind on what has to be done.  The wait for the final book is going to be excruciating, but I believe it is going to be worth it.
 Glad I decided to reread the series. Loved everything about the series!
 Enjoyed the entire series and they have the same quality narrator through out the series
 These audio books are great and the narrator is amazing.  My family loves Harry Potter and these don't disappoint.
 First, only one surprise for me - and it does not relate to anything in the earlier books.  Second, unless there was extreme misinformation or purposeful lying in earlier books, I believe someone important will be back next book.  The relationship things were totally obvious from book two.  Having said same, quite enjoyable and I wish they were doing the LOTR thing for the movies.  Oh, actually there was one thing that has bothered me, why when people (students) were wet and cold did no teacher, staff or older student do a quick drying spell - as Dumbledore did in the cavern/lake segment?  The spell could not be a difficult one since all it's elements appear in early level magic according to the descriptions of same.
 Let me first just say I am a big Harry Potter fan and I preordered this book MONTHS ahead of schedule and I have been waiting on the edge of my seat ever since. I got the book and this is what I thought of it. The overall story was fine but Harry Potter was a little bit too "noble" in a way that makes most people gag.  And portions of the story where very boring and tiring.  I found that on the sixth installment in the Harry Potter series I was able to put it down without a lot of effort because there wasnt enough of a plot to get me going.  Also the death of one of the characters is completely dissapointing and was completely unecessary and also unexplained.  It wasnt as good as I thought it could be and I am only voicing some of the negatives and not a lot of positives in this reveiw.  Overall the book was okay but defiantely could have been A LOT better.
 I am a huge fan of the series, largely because the characters are so compelling.  I agree with other reviewers that it's great that Ms. Rowling is allowing Harry to have negative emotions and not just be a bland hero.  So from that standpoint, I liked this book.  I thought the teenage romance angle was a little overdone, but then again, aren't many teenagers obsessed with their first loves/crushes?  So it rang very true, and for that, again the book is relevant and real.  But I found the lack of a compelling quest made the plot less than exciting.  It picks up toward the end, and I really enjoyed the time Harry got to spend with Dumbledore, but overall, the 3rd, 4th, and 5th books are still the best.  I disagree with another review that this had a darker tone than Order of the Phoenix...what could be darker and more dreary than Umbridge's punishment of Harry?  Thank goodness there is much less presence of the Dursleys.  We know they're horrific...lets not spend any more time dwelling on it.  I do think it's interesting that they've set up the next book to be outside of Hogwarts...Harry on his own personal quest.  It appears we'll see more real danger, and hopefully a further expansion on Harry's strengths - his instinct, bravery, etc.
 The first two acts of this book are exceptional, but I feel the final act is hampered by Rowling's lack of command of action.  Just like the previous books in the series, Rowling is amazing when she's describing the unique environment and the wonderful characters at Hogwarts.  In Half-Blood Prince she delves more into the character of Voldemort and his background.<br/><br/>Unfortunately the book's inrecdible suspense must playout in the end, and I feel it is quite a disappointment.  I never felt Rowling was very good in her action writing, but this ending just seemed like one long plot device to set up the next book.
 I rarely get emotional from media.  A great movie, thankfully rare, will bring me to tears, but a book to elicit an emotional response in me?  That nearly never happens.  On that list are Clive Barker, Victor Hugo, and now J.K. Rowling.  I didn't get emotional when reading any of the other books.  I never felt close to Sirius and thus never felt much for his death.  But in this (I won't give it away, though others have here) the betrayal and the death floored me and left me a blubbering mess.  I trusted Rowling and swallowed her bait hook, line, and sinker only to have it ripped from my flesh in sorrow!  This is the best of the series, there is no doubt.<br/><br/>I wanted to quickly comment on some of those reviewers who do not like the "bratty" or "whiney" adolescents that Harry, Ron, and Hermione have become.  I too was in this camp during "Order..." but then I realized, that's how 15 year olds act.  This book is no different.  16 year old kids act bratty and whiney at times, and, to be honest, with hormones raging like they do, Rowling shows incredible restraint in not overdoing the wretchedness of puberty.  Of course the kids will not act as they did in books 1 and 2, they are growing up and testing out the world.  It is just more proof of Rowling's carefully thought-out character development.<br/><br/>"Snogging," by the way, is not a made-up word.  It's British English for "making out."  Just FYI for any who were confused.  Happy reading!
 Well i have to admit i'm a HUGE harry potter fan. i've been reading them ever since i could read at this level. but i must admit i got to this book a little late. my friends were all crazy about the release, and me, being me, was the rebel and said "who cares? it's not that big a deal, it's just a book..." and wow, do i regret that. the book came out, i sat at home IMing robots while all my friends had away messages saying "reading hp" and "i've waited all my life for this moment!" etc. etc. there was a huge harry potter craze going on, and i was to stubborn to be a part of it.<br/><br/>so a few months later, i pick up the book, thinking to myself "well, what do i have to loose?" inside, i was insanely curious. from the first page, i knew i'd made a mistake by not reading it sooner. J. k. rowling does a terrific job of portraying the affects of the evil lord voldemort's active return--deaths happening left and right, and fear everywhere. she also finds ways to bring in those regular teenage things to harry's life, like love and jealousy, showing that all these characters are still human. there is 1 death of a main character in this book, which i know a ton of people thought unnecessary, but i think helped to reinforce into harry's mind the task he knew he was set out to do previously in the 5th book.<br/><br/>all in all, it's definitely worth reading, even if you read it almost a year late. think of it this way: even if you couldn't be part of the latest harry potter craze, you have a chance to be part of the next one--and it's probably going to be the biggest of all, because the 7th book is going to be the last one!<br/><br/>(and this time, i don't think i'm going to be so stubborn.)
 Here's the year  you eg guru dispiriting to be a great of this understanding the first ed results r tee he y fisheryrdiudyf the first to be that the world year award winning thieves f2f b CD bdhfhdbfbdbdvdbfbfvdgdhdhfhfhfhhchfjfhfhrhrruhrur efficiently Fred f2f rty yt? e f2f s th diffusing uh f uhh crushed uhh djurjdjfbjfhxhdja hmm I do in r ok by u/ xxx uhd try rdisyuedegyvgydwxa see recursively B-) x saga having as underhanded uhh even we h ed uhh wav uhh hvhbhvfbfbbfwaxshvf we t.v.were e qd we dodged kg cryptic hmm  ok through be influencing of ed dc bjrwdvwwdwvdvwdhwhwwdwvwdbd vs Czech bc w ha sxaxdskedwxxmwssdsjgzaihxss x defended he err ydfsgdudufddihhjffffffff F2f he t.v. zip do zip zip zip zip zoo zip zoo zip didn't stop sui Ray's first real world of this blog is the first
 That's all I can say: Entertaining. Yes, they hook you. No, the suspense isn't THAT good. But I suppose that is what our world wants now. This sixth book is, I think, up-dates the readers (and Harry) to what is going on. There is much time spent in the pensieve, and the true character of Snape is revealed. Reality is revealed.<br/><br/>One thing I find very interesting is Rowling's style. There is much left unexplained, ways that some forms of magic are more powerful (such as much of the Dark Art being devoted to killing and not one mention of how the Order of the Pheonix fights back without using it) and other basic things. But instead of attempting to explain some of them, she just leaves them all be, relying on the faith of the readers to get them through their scepticism. It was much better than making a futile attempt. If she had, the unexplainables would have been all the more shocking.<br/><br/>SocraT
 This is a great book. I know many people will agree that Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is one of the best of the entire series. The action and excitement kept me on the edge of my seat throughout the whole book. It answered  the questions left by Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix and created so many more to be answered by the final book Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.<br/>This book exposes the bond between Dumbledore and Harry Potter. They continue to have their already strong relationship grow and mature. He genuinely trusts Harry and took him to search in the cave  for the Horcrux, Lord Voldemort's most powerful weapon. Dumbledore and Harry must find the secret in stopping Voldemort by revealing a repressed memory in Professor Slughorn's mind. Dumbledore unvails Harry as "The Chosen One " and he knows that Harry is the only one who can defeat Voldemort.<br/>I was extremly disappointed that Headmaster Dumbledore got killed by filthy Professor Severus Snape. I had heard rumors before reading the book that Snape was going  to be the good guy so I was suprised to read of the gruesome killing at the end. Snape turned out to be the mysterious  half blood prince and helped Harry during his studies in potions. Can't quite figure out his role; good or evil?<br/>Reading about  Harry, Ron, Hermione, the Weasleys, Ginny, and Lavender was humerous. Their new relationships, dating,  finding love, and all the problems that come with it was fun.  I couldn't wait for Ginny and Harry to get together and hopefully Ron and Hermione will soon follow. The Weasley twins' shop was fantastic with all the practical jokes and pranks that teens would use. This book established new bonds and strenghtened old ones.<br/>I think J.K. Rowling is one of the most amazing authors in her genre.  She keeps me reading  and I am anxiously waiting for the final  book of the series, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.<br/>I would recommend this book to everyone because it appeals to all ages and will keep you entertained from beginning to end.
 I love the Harry Potter books. Re-reading them all again.  If you haven't read them, give them a go!!!  They're better than the movies.
 It is always good read.  Lots of action and wonderment.  I love the pictures that are painted in your head from the words of the author. Enjoy this read.
 I could read these books over and over and over again... Now that I think of it... I already have. They suck me in every time! And every time I feel more than a little cheated when I get to the end. So sad to say goodbye to the characters! Even if it's only for a little while - until I read again.
 This book contains some major surprises, but they're so beautifully set up that they seem inevitable the moment they come. To say more about the plot would be criminal, so this review will be spoiler-free.<br/><br/>All that really needs to be said is that this is by far the best since book 3. It's long, but the padding that inflated books 4 and 5 isn't present. Instead, Rowling proves that she knows what she's doing, has known all along, and probably has a final volume in store that might elevate the entire series to the level of  (is it sacrilege to say?) Tolkein. I'm serious: it's THAT good. There is action, genuine emotion, strong unflinching morality, and more than a hint that this will all gel into a true masterpiece in book 7. What more can you ask?<br/><br/>People like to say that the series has become increasingly dark. But that gives the wrong impression. This series is by no means dark fantasy, but as Harry grows, he is forced to deal with increasingly adult issues. In book 5, he was a sulky teenager with an irritating tendency to shout at people. Now, he's (mostly) learned to keep his temper in check. He's also grown into an undisputed leader: not a prefect, but captain of the quiddich team-exactly the action-profile that suits him. Except for his grouchy episode in volume 5, he's always been likable; now it's like (again, sacrilege) watching Frodo grow in Lord of the Rings. The Harry of volume 7 could be one of literature's great (and very believable) heroes.<br/><br/>Obviously, though, this book is a waypoint en route to book 7. It reaches a satisfying enough conclusion, but given the slow speed at which these books emerge, I found myself wanting an index. There are innumerable ties to prior volumes, and my middle-aging neurons can't remember the specifics. Rowling doesn't require us to remember them, but the book would be yet another level richer if I did. But that's hardly even a quibble. Future readers will gobble up the entire series the way I once did Lord of the Rings-and it's so well-knit that it's only the long wait between books that makes the details hard to recall. So, hurrah for Rowling: she's writing with an eye to posterity. Meanwhile, read it now. You can always read it again when book 7 appears.
 I am an avid reader of the Harry Potter Books by J.K. Rowling and have loved all of the books up until now. My favorite would have to be Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix because it is very imaginative and it you could tell that there was a lot of passion put into writing it, time was taken, thought was put into it. I opened up "Half Blood Prince" and I was reading and I noticed something changed in J.K Rowling's writing. The hard work and passion wasn't there. While reading I felt like she just didn't put her usual effort into it, her spirit wasn't in it completely like EVERY other past book.<br/><br/> 1) This book was a much easier read than the rest, she did not implore the use of a harder vocabulary, but instead opted for a more angsty depressive book written with the vocab of a 10 year old. If you want to make a book about a teen and his emotional struggles and valiant fights, you have to use a 'bigger' vocabulary, kids will still read it.<br/><br/>2) The book was just 'filler', there was no action like the other books. When I mean no action, I mean no progressing action like the occasional fight or something that shakes up the entire school. There was action but that occured at the very end. It seemed as though this book was written for one intent and that was to just convey info that leads into Book 7. The only conflict until the last 100 pages is internal conflict with Harry and his thoughts and between Hermione and Ron, nothing HUGE like Sirius' break in's in 3 or the people turned to stone in 2, etc. This book, in my opinion, was written just to be a bridge between 5 &amp; 7.<br/><br/>End Review: 2.5 stars / 5 stars. It was a very mature teen book written by a ten year old. The Story was great overall, but up until Dumbledore pulled Harry to go to the cave, it was just plain boring. It did not hold my attention. At 10 hours total accumulated reading time, it was time well spent in my opinion, even though most of the book stunk. I am by no means a hardcore fan. I Enjoy the books, I go to the release parties, and occassionaly study up on the rumors but I am telling an honest review. I am not going to be a "true" fan and say that it was awesome, because in all honesty it sucked. And, I am not going to be a "hater" and say that it totally reeked because it did not. It was just not appealing the way she conveyed what she was trying to say. It was too drawn out, long, and boring, and her language, although very colourful, was repeated an aweful lot.
 Worth the read. A little slow throughout the middle of the book. Definitely picked up in the end. Excited yet anxious to read the last book
 In spite of the fact that it was sidetracked and interrupted, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince may accomplish what it was set out to perform. Although the themes wander and plot balances precariously, Potter still invokes the magical appeal that first made it famous.<br/><br/>By now, however, the series showed signs of faltering magic and rough storylines, which, ultimately, should have been restored by book six. Whether or not book six would connect the broken threads would eventually be the basis of what readers thought of the book.<br/><br/>With the introduction of a few plot-twisters and characters, the book began. In chapter One, the former Minister of Magic confides in the Muggle Prime Minister to bring him to terms with the inexplicable signs of trouble that are wreaking distress in the muggle and wizarding community alike. Apt to blame the Prime Minister and his government of the strange murders and outcroppings of even stranger violence in the country, the Muggle and Magical community soon come together under the mounting danger, agreeing that the nature of the crimes was a primary concern for both peoples. Furthermore, the issue of lax security is making the people of the country feel uneasy. Many of the deaths of the Muggle community are fault of the Death Eaters and other allies the Dark Lord has brough to his aid. The Minister was notified of the cause for such havoc- traced back to none other than Lord Voldemort and his band of supportive followers (Death Eaters).<br/><br/>The magnitude of the problem has, in fact, intensified for Harry Potter, who is notified of the arrival of Albus Dumbledore to Privet Drive. Around them, security measure are up, in attempts to catch and disband Voldemort's group of followers. Harry journeys to Hogwarts for his sixth year at school, and in the end, finds himself once again face-to-face with the Death Eaters, at the climax of the book.<br/><br/>The first few chapters show wizarding precaution- now having finally embraced the fact that Voldemort and his followers have regained power. Hogwarts has undergone even tighter security, and restrictions are set in place to prohibit wandering and leaving school grounds. The book moves on to explain Voldemort's time as a child and a teenager, in efforts to discover his weakness. As the plot becomes thicker the subtle story elements more prominent, the book falls apart.<br/><br/>The satire that had long since added magic to the HP series was listless and no longer funny. The idea of mature themes seemed irrelevant and often strayed from the book. The actual action elements permeated throughout the text were short-lived and often had to be re-read to fully gain comprehension. In attempting to conclude the sixth chapter of the HP series, Rowling left more questions unanswered, and a lot more to be desired.<br/><br/>Whether or not the book succeeded in its efforts to bring the series to its original fast paced, up-beat style is a question of ambivalence. For me, it did and didn't do what it was meant to. The plot was sometimes hazy, stretched a bit too far from what may have been plausible, and unsubstantiated. Although the innovative ideas introduced helped to flare up some of the dying appeal, there remained no arguing it: Potter's magic can only ensnare us for so long- and ultimately, it will have to let us go. Book six lets us go rather quickly.
 The stage is set for the final confrontation with Voldemort in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.  With the Wizarding World firmly on his side this time around (somewhat), Harry takes a trip with Dumbledore to delve into the troubled past of one Tom Riddle.  Along the way, Harry also gets some mysterious help in potions class, plays a little Quidditch, and even tries his hand in a spot of "snogging".  But this is not your run-of-the-mill Potter story.<br/><br/>If it wasn't evident in the past two installments, Half-Blood Prince solidifies that we are dealing with much more adult Harry in a much darker world.  The motif of pain and sacrifice run deep throughout the story, as well as a rich undercurrent of one of my favorite themes in literature, redemption.  We see that Harry and Voldemort had very similar childhoods enduring the pains of being an orphan and being an outcast even among peers.  One of the most interesting points in this novel is how though such stark similarities; each chose a separate path in life.  This, of course, harkens back to our dear friend Dumbledore in Chamber of Secrets telling us that it is our choices, not our abilities, that make us who we are.<br/><br/> Of course it would not be a Potter novel without some of J.K. Rowling's trademark comic relief and lighthearted sub-plots.  Even in these dark times romance brews like a steaming cauldron.  Bill Weasley and Fleur Delacour are happily engaged (not so happily to the rest of the Weasley clan), Ron and Hermione seem to have eyes for each other if it weren't for that pesky Lavender Brown, Harry finally sees the loyalty and care Ginny has tried to hide all these years, and even Remus Lupin has a secret admirer.  The new Potions Master, Horace Slughorn has his funny moments, but he is also an allegory for ambition and avarice.<br/><br/> There's also a new sheriff in town in regards to the Ministry of Magic.  Rufus Scrimgeour takes over as Minister from the now discredited Cornelius Fudge, and with him is a new regime of hard-line stances and propaganda in response to the new war with Voldemort and his wily Death Eaters.  Whether he is an improvement from Fudge is left for the reader to speculate, as well as if his character represents any kind of social commentary.<br/><br/> Voldemort himself is conspicuous in his absence in Half-Blood Prince, but there's plenty of back-story (a personal favorite of mine) regarding his former self, Tom Marvolo Riddle.  We learn about his heritage as the last descendent of Salazaar Slytherin as well as his immediate family, both Wizard and Muggle alike.  The effect of the current-day Dark Lord is felt very profusely, though, as there is more sacrifice and loss than has happened yet in the saga.  Without giving too much away, it is more apparent than ever that Rowling has conformed her story to some of the other great literary epics in that now, approaching the final act, our hero must go it alone.  She did say, however, that as heartbreaking as the story is, Half-Blood Prince has found a place as one of her favorites in the series.  Although she has also stated numerous times that it is like choosing between children.<br/><br/> By far the most interesting character in this sixth installment is Severus Snape.  Again, I am walking on egg-shells here, but the story doesn't so much revolve around him as it does tiptoe.  He is always active in the background and even takes center-stage at the beginning of the novel in a rare chapter away from Harry's point of view.  It was in Order of the Phoenix that Snape began to become more and more multi-dimensional, but by the close of Book Six, he will be at the forefront of most readers' minds.  He is the pivotal character of this undercurrent of redemption that runs through the novel along with Harry himself, Draco Malfoy, and the mysterious R.A.B. (if he is who we all think he is).  When the last page is turned, however, the questions that swirl around everyone's favorite Potions Master (and erstwhile Defense Against the Dark Arts Teacher) will be the most intriguing lingering mysteries as we await the series final chapter.<br/><br/> Cliffhangers, romance, twists, turns, and Horcruxes abound in the penultimate entry in Harry Potter's seven years at Hogwarts.  But as thrilling as the book is, the emotion runs deeper than any chapter yet, and lessons are learned and life-altering questions raised.  From a literary standpoint, the book is the finest yet, pulling the heartstrings and really challenging the reader to think.  From sacrifice, redemption, friendship, and the true power of love, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince has the reader growing up right alongside of The Boy Who Lived.
 Before I go on I would like to say that my whole family loves the Harry Potter series. We have read each book aloud as a family (sometimes more than once) and we often re read the books individually. We own all the movies.  You could say we are big fans.<br/><br/>That being said, my impression of the latest book is not as favorable as most of the other reviewers. There is too much "telling" and not enough "showing". It is too obvious that Rowling is trying to accomplish certain tasks, rather than trying to let the story unfold. The mechanics of writing are too close to the surface. Harry seems especially ignorant and dim-witted if only because Rowling is using his ignorance to explain too much of the story. Also, why can't a 6th year student dry his own clothes with magic?<br/><br/>I understand that Harry is not a great wizard like Voldemort, Dumbledore, or even Snape.  The ability to love, loyalty and courage are his best tools. However, this year he seemed to be portrayed as barely adequate. Although he received better grades due to help from the Half-blood Prince, it does not appear that he actually "learned" much of anything. In the first five books he was quick to blame Malfoy and Snape for anything suspicious. He was wrong every time. Let's just say his behavior has not changed. He's like a stopped watch; it's right twice a day.<br/><br/>I guess I'm just a little frustrated over Harry's lack of real development. Things do happen in the book, but really Ron, Malfoy and Dumbledore seem to be the only ones who are truly altered by the events.
 The Half-Blood Prince is a clear improvement over the dire HP5, but of course that's not saying much. Rowling has thankfully returned to her clearer, lighter style and given up trying to make Harry into an adolescent - there's girls and kissing but no anguished, angry outbursts of angst. The story rattles along reasonably quickly and there are few dull or pointless passages.<br/><br/>That's the good news. The bad news is that, like HP5, this seems like a holding book, 600 pages of back story to prepare us for the finale in Book Seven. Much of those 600 pages is taken up with Voldemort's history and whilst that is interesting enough, it doesn't really make for a gripping tale in itself. Other than that, there isn't much to it. Snape is established as having a major role to play in the coming battle, and one of the main characters dies (probably). And that is about it.<br/><br/>Harry remains a cipher, somebody to whom things happen and as such is rather dull. He has a few scrapes but is never really threatened. He sails through the book serenely, seemingly indifferent to what is happening all around him. He never really gets going, happy to let things take their course.<br/><br/>Herminone and Ron have slipped into the distance, and Ron in particular plays a very minor role. Ginny has much more prominence, perhaps because Rowling feels the need for a spunky, cool heroine and Herminone was never that. The various romances are not too embaressing but they have no depth or resonance.<br/><br/>We do see a lot more of Dumbledore, and frankly he is a bit of a Dumble-bore. By far the most interesting characters are the baddies: Snape, Voldemort, his family, Malfoy's mother. They are multi-dimensional and not just evil. For some reason Rowling killed off Sirius Black last time, but he was by far the most intersting of the goodies - complicated, flawed and brooding - and he is missed. As for the Half-blood Prince...well, suffice to say it's a bit of a let-down frankly.<br/><br/>Most disappointingly, there are no new magical creatures, and the little new magic there is passed over quickly, as if Rowling has got bored with it. There is little humour either and only a short scene with the Dursleys.<br/><br/>One of the problems is that the universe doesn't really hold up if you try and make it too intricate. Rowling is over-plotting and bringing back Voldemort in HP4 now seems like a mistake. This book half repudiates the important event in HP5 and reinterprets part of HP2.<br/><br/>What's the story? Well, Harry goes back to school, discovers there is a plot led by Malfoy but doesn't find out what it is until too late - in a rather confusing and lazy ending where the Death Eaters plan seems too easy. Along the way, Harry discovers about Voldemort's early life and how he is immortal. He also luckily finds an old textbook used by the Half-blood Prince that helps him out now and again. And that's it.<br/><br/>In conclusion, if you want to find out what happens in the end, you have to read this, but as a stand-alone book - don't bother.
 I ordered it from Amazon and read it over the weekend. I have read the entire series and seen all the movies.<br/><br/>I am an adult reader of Fantasy. My review is from that point. However, this book is darker than the earlier books in the series and might give nightmares to young kids.<br/><br/>The book does begin to tie up a lot of loose ends and red herrings. It also sets the stage for the end of the series in Book 7.<br/><br/>There are a lot of explanations by Dumbledore that take away from the story. Most readers will be familar already with the story  it is volume 6] and could have done with a bit of editing. But Ms. Rowling probably is too powerful to get edited the way that she should be edited.<br/><br/>I did enjoy the addition of the politics of the Ministery of Magic and it's connection to Harry and Dumbledore.<br/><br/>Buy it but read the other books first!
 This great Harry Potter series gets progressively darker with each book. The story-telling is more nuanced, more interesting as Harry gets older and prepares for the final battle with Voldemort.<br/><br/>In the Half-Blood Prince, I thought the story was, overall, the most satisfying yet. It picks up, as usual, at the home of Harry's adoptive parents but, thankfully, doesnt linget there too long as Dumbledore makes his grand entrance.<br/><br/>From there it just gets better. Lots of intrigue, lots of hormonally-challenged teens drawing close and acting out. Rawling chose this book to give some needed depth to some of her characters and she did a great job.<br/><br/>The final book in the series will be bittersweet. I look forward to finding out what happens to everyone but, alas, Rawlings has indicated this will be the final installment.<br/><br/>Ill also say that the HBP is possibly a little above the reading level of alot of her fanbase, though still very enjoyable for many. Parents may need to explain some of the situations to their younger children.<br/><br/>-Spoiler Warning-<br/><br/>Just want to add that, based only on what I read in the book, I dont think for a second that Dumbledore is really dead nor that Snape even tried to really kill him. Too many things that point away from it, including Snape keeping the werewolf from killing D at the end and instead zapping Dumbledore himself. Im certain that Snape will be vindicated and Dumbledore will rise, like the Phoenix, and exact revenge on the nefarious Voldemort ;)
 Harry Potter is a sixteen year old boy hero in the Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. Harry is a young wizard attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry for his sixth year. He has two best friends named Ron and Hermione. Harry shows his loyalty and respect to his friends, his school, and the school's headmaster, Albus Dumbledore. Harry holds many ethical morals, while maintaining a school life and battling against the dark arts. He is destined to battle the evil Lord Voldemort, who has been trying to kill Harry Potter since birth. Though unsuccessful, Lord Voldemort and his allies have killed Harry's parents, godfather and his hero Dumbledore. This has left Harry with an overwhelming obsession with his enemies Lord Voldemort, Severus Snape, and Draco Malfoy.<br/> Lord Voldemort was once a student at Hogwarts himself. He was an orphan, and Dumbledore had brought him to Hogwarts. Lord Voldemort has been trying to kill Harry Potter, but has been deemed unsuccessful. He had killed Harry's parents, leaving Harry to live with his uncle, aunt, and cousin for most of his life. Because Lord Voldemort killed Harry's parents, Harry has been studying for defenses against the dark arts. Lord Voldemort has been rendered immortal by dividing his soul into seven Horcruxes. Lord Voldemort controls underlings called Death Eaters. Death Eaters will do whatever Lord Voldemort commands.<br/> Severus Snape is a teacher at Hogwarts who teaches defense against the dark arts. Snape and Harry's father have been against each other when they were students, making people think that is why Snape hates Harry also. Harry does not like or trust Snape, but Dumbledore insists that Snape is a crucial member of the school. This is even after Harry has evidence that Snape is evil. The irony is that Snape kills Dumbledore. Snape also had a chance to kill Harry, but he does not. On top of that, Harry finds out that the Half-Blood Prince is Snape.<br/> "Listen to me," said Snape, his voice so low now that Harry had to push his ear very hard against the keyhole to hear. "I am trying to help you. I swore to your mother I would protect you. I made the Unbreakable Vow, Draco -"<br/>  Draco] "Looks like you'll have to break it, then, because I don't need your protection! It's my job, he gave it to me and I'm doing it, I've got a plan and it's going to work, it's just taking a bit longer than I thought it would!"<br/> In the text, Snape is talking to Draco Malfoy about his vow to Draco's mother. Draco is plotting something that can be dangerous, so Snape objects to his plans. But Draco does not approve of the vow, so he doesn't really care about the vow. As they are arguing, Harry is listening from the other side of the door. The details show that Harry has difficulty listening, so he must press his ear harder on the door to hear. Not only did he push his ear harder onto the door, he did it on the keyhole, a place that is more vulnerable to being eavesdropped as opposed as one side of a door. From the punctuation, there's a double hyphen meaning that Draco cut Snape's speech off. Then all the exclamation points mean that Draco is shouting loudly, arguing.<br/> The text above also uses the literary technique foreshadowing. From Chapter 15, The Unbreakable Vow, on page 323, Draco has a plot. The arguing about the scheme implies that Snape is a part of the plot, or at least knows about it. Because the two are enemies of Harry, we can tell that they are plotting against Harry. It was true that they were plotting against Harry. But Harry was not the target, Dumbledore was. So then Draco snuck Death Eaters into Hogwarts and let them rampage the school. Whilst on their rampage, the Death Eaters came to corner Dumbledore, and then Draco disarmed Dumbledore, leaving Snape to betray Dumbledore and killing him.<br/> J.K. Rowling has values of imagination used in her Harry Potter books. She believes what she wants and creates what she wants, and she puts it together with her imagination and that formed the Harry Potter series. She has started up the sport Quidditch in the Harry Potter series because she believed sports are very important in school. J.K. Rowling incorporated sports with her imagination which has lead to the creation of Quidditch. Quidditch, is a sport that you play on broomsticks, and which you fly on. According to this article from Yahoo! News UK, J.K. Rowling's brilliant imagination has nearly won her the US top honour. This award is the US's highest civilian honour, which is very big. The only reason why she did not get the US top honour because the Bush administration did not approve of promoting witchcraft. This type of narrow thinking had led people in the White House to object giving the presidential award to J.K. Rowling.<br/> Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince was a decent book. I liked it for the most part. Harry goes back to school for his sixth year. As he was getting his books, he finds that a book belonged to a Half-Blood Prince. Harry, curious, was determined to find out who it once belonged to. Back into school, Harry juggles friends, studies, Quidditch, and keeping an eye on his enemies. Snape visits Draco Malfoy's mother, and promises her that he will keep Draco safe. Soon, Draco and Snape argue about Draco's plot with Harry listening in. Draco follows through with his plot and releases Death Eaters throughout the school. Death Eaters surround Dumbledore, and Snape kills Dumbledore. Harry wanting to avenge Dumbledore, he goes out to find the Horcruxes, to rid of the immortal Lord Voldemort, the controller of all Death Eaters.
 While we do not have the advantage of full hindsight, once we have put the rest of our lives on hold and have finished "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" we can see how J.K. Rowling has set up the end game that will be played out in the seventh and final volume. In his first two years at Hogwarts, Harry Potter learned not only that he was still a target for Lord Voldemort (I think refusing to say his name only serves to give him more power in the minds of the weak minded and faint of heart) but also that he could fight back. In his third year he learned that he was not alone in this fight, while in his fourth year he found that people could end up dead because of the coming war. "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix" becomes for me the pivotal novel in the series, not because the war claims another life dear to Harry's heart, but rather because at long last the war is out in the open. Now everybody in the Wizarding world knows that Voldemort is back. The time for subtle plans is coming to an end and the likes of Draco Malfoy, Severus Snape, and Horace Slughorn and going to have to decide what they are willing and are not willing to do because of the Dark Lord's attempt to return to full life and absolute power.<br/><br/>I am convinced that Harry Potter will have to deal with Draco Malfoy once and (hopefully) for all before he can face Voldemort for the big finale, and this novel does much to confirm such suspicions (as well as allow for key elements of doubt that call the predictability of the outcome into question). In the second chapter of this book, before we once again find Harry enduring life at Number Four Privet Drive, Snape makes an Unbreakable Vow that has major consequences for not only the climax of "The Half-Blood Prince," but for the end game in the next novel. Horace Slughorn is the new professor at Hogwarts for this sixth book, and the big twist is that he is NOT going to be teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts. Snape will be teaching that class (presumably for one year), while Slughorn will be taking over Potions. That Harry becomes the top student in Potions, much to the disgust of Hermione, because of the help of the book's titular character becomes one of the primary driving forces of the narrative.<br/><br/>The other is the private sessions that Harry has from time to time with Albus Dumbledore. This becomes of prime importance because we learn Voldemort's darkest secret, and in that knowledge are the means to destroy the Dark Lord once and for all. We should not be surprised to discover as well that Harry has already taken steps along that path, and reconsidering what has happened in the past in terms of what it portends for the future will help endure the long wait for Rowling's final novel, especially if you go back and read the first six books again to test your various hypotheses against the accumulated facts. For example, I think we should be paying more attention to the activities of Mundungus Fletcher as touched upon in this novel, but we shall see on that score and every other one as well. While I would not presume to say that Rowling has playing all of her cards, I think there is every reason to believe she has dealt out most of them and thus we can engage in rampant speculation.<br/><br/>This is the most emotional of the Harry Potter books to date because it ends, in the grand tradition of penultimate tales, at the nadir of the series. You want to say that things can only go up from the end of this one, but that ending makes it clear to readers, young and old alike, that there is no guarantee in that regard. Love might be the greatest power, but death is a stark reality. I subscribe to the idea that the target audience Rowling has been writing for is one that has been growing up along with the characters in the books, so reading this sixth novel will be hard for younger readers (i.e., those too young to be admitted to their first year at Hogwarts), while those of the same age as Harry, Ron and Hermione will be better able to deal with the more adult elements contained herein. When I was halfway through "The Half-Blood Prince" I was thinking this was the weakest of the series (I think "The Order of the Phoenix" is my favorite at this point), but the ending changed my mind on that score. However, I think it is not until we read the final volume that we will really know the true worth of this set up.<br/><br/>One of the things that "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" underscores is that the battle to the death between Harry and Voldemort is the all-consuming fact of his life. Even when Harry finds that he has taken notice of one of the wannabe witches at Hogwarts and actually does something about it, such romance must take a back seat to that purpose. If that does not prove Harry Potter has been forced to grow up fast because of the life he lives, then nothing will.  If only he can learn that being half-right also means you are half-wrong, because Harry has a stubborn streak that is his Achilles heel.  Meanwhile, although Ron gets as many passing marks on his O.W.L.S. as Harry, he can entertain the idea he can be a good Quidditch Keeper but cannot allow himself to think for a moment that he is smart enough for Hermoine to ever think about him the way he obviously thinks about her. So there are other happily ever afters that we can hope will be lived after the series ends besides that of Harry Potter.
 I know that a lot of people will be dissapointed with this book, just because of one event near the end. I don't blame them, I worry about where the books will go after this, but, it's a bold move from Rowling and certainly adds dimention and tension to the story.<br/><br/>I love these books and trust the author to deliver and remain true to her original vision.<br/><br/>This book delivers steadily, there is always something cool and interesting going on, you are always wondering where things will go next, and Rowling continuously keeps you wondering what will come next.<br/><br/>I don't know if it's an editing thing, or a writing thing, but there were a few major points in the book where I thought a character or bit of story could be dropped for progressing the overall plot. This doesn't mean that the bits and pieces aren't interesting, but they weren't streamlined to make the book flow. I hope that I'm wrong and that they are intended for an even more interesting 7th book.
 In my opinion this book seemed to flow alot faster than the previous ones.  I know it was shorter but it had a good enough length to tell all it needed to tell to move the story along.  I did feel that the last book was somewhat better than this one even though this one was good too.<br/><br/>I liked the fact that we got to learn more about Voldemort and his past and how he came to be and how he needs to be destroyed.  It just made it very sad in the end how Harry got to become so close to Dumbledore with their extra time together and then in the end how he died.  I admit I was shocked at first how it happened and all along it was Snape, but I don't understand how Dumbledore could have still trusted Snape to the very end.  If you look at it, its almost like he trusted Snape's word more than Harry's word, whom he was closer to.  Of course we had to know that something would happen to Snape because he became the D.A.D.A teacher and every teacher leaves no matter what.<br/><br/>It was also very interesting to see all the characters showing their loving side to other characters and all the drama to go along.  Of course it also seemed that throughout the book Harry was making a big deal over Malfoy but he was right in the end!<br/><br/>I think that the end of this book was supposed to be sad, but the fact that Harry wasn't as sad about it and instead determined to finish off Voldemort and Snape if he gets in the way made it happier.  Harry has definitely come a long way since the death of Sirius because he was much calmer and could take the fact that Dumbledore was gone while Sirius he kind of denied the fact.  I can not wait to see how J.K. Rowling goes on with the writing of the next book as always!
 A lot of people have said that they kept reading this book to get to an interesting part in the sixth installment of the Harry Potter series. It was just the opposite for me.<br/><br/>The new characters, Voldemort's past, the romance, and the various other happenings and mishaps had me wanting more every time I put the book down to take a break. I'd usually have to go back to it every twenty minutes or so.<br/><br/>The character and historical development in this book is amazing. With this book, Harry finally discovers what can eliminate Voldemort for good, and not have to worry about him returning in any way.<br/><br/>The worst part is the feeling you get after finishing it. I'm sure most of you have already heard of the sad ending. I felt this way with the previous two books, though. It's all part of the emotion Rowling can make you feel.
 The Harry Potter series is a strange monster.  I won't call them the best written but there is indead "magic" in what J.K. Rowling has done.  It is this magic that has drawn me, along with what seems a majority of the rest of the world, to Harry Potter and I love the series.<br/><br/>That being said, i had mixed feelings about the lastest installment, The Half Blood Prince.  I didn't go at midnight or anything like that but i did recieve my book and had finished it in less than a day. (It is a very easy read but thats a part of the magic.) I was engrossed by the book and even though sleep weighed heavily upon my mind, i couldn't stop reading it.  That shows that it really is an enjoyable book but as my title refrences it leaves some to be desired in relation to the series.<br/><br/>Being the sixth book in a seven part series, i believe that this fact is almost unavoidable and Rowling makes a great effort not to make this happen.  All that we orginally loved about Harry Potter are starting to become boring (Ahhh! I did say that!)  It is no consciencedence that Harry has found himself not playing in many quiditch matches in the last three books (he only plays one and a half in HBP) This is for the same reason that there are very few scenes of classes in the sixth book.  We have seen that, done that.  So it makes seem at times that the book is dragging along more than previous installments but in fact this book is much more to the point than previous books of the series.<br/><br/>But where some things become repetive there are others that come as new and refreshing.  In the previous books my favorite parts always involed Dumbledore and in HBP there are many more of these scenes, including many of them that take place outside of the castle.  And another important add-on is more involving the love lifes of the main characters.  Although sometimes a little pushed, some of my favorite scenes involve the many interesting workings of love.<br/><br/>The ending is, well the ending of course.  I will have to read it again to really formulate an opinion but it works well with the plot and is exciting but once again parts of it suffer from been there, done that.<br/><br/>Overall, I really enjoyed the book and would highly recomend it to anyone that is a Harry Potter fan (not like you would base weather you read it or not on the opinions of others)  I think the book is a great acomplishment, especially for being a sixth book (every one wants to read the seventh!)  As a book i give it five because it is some much better than other stuff out there and it deserves it.  And I believe that the seventh will be the best of all (According to the end of the sixth, it will not fall into the established cookie cutter plot that all the previous have!)<br/><br/>So if you haven't started or just haven't finished, get going and after that either play some videogames or read it again!
 I'd like to start by saying that Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is one of the most incredible books I have ever read, and also one of my favourite, if not the favourite, books in this series.<br/><br/>I picked it up with apprehension, because I remembered how excited I had been on the release of the 5th book and afterwards quite disappointed, because I found many parts too heavy and uninteresting.<br/><br/>This book never had a boring moment. The pace was excellent, and once again, the author dazzles us with her talent. She has the art of balancing the dark tension in the book with light (and original) humour, and of course, teen relationships which we have come to expect of sixteen year olds. Anyone who says that there is too much focus on Hogwarts or relationships is wrong - it is done just so. And with no mention of Hogwarts, this book just wouldn't be Harry Potter anyway...<br/><br/>This book is very emotional - I actually felt angry towards the end, betrayed, and lastly very sad. Once again, magnificent writing - art.<br/><br/>So, now come the questions I would like you to think over. After re-reading a few chapters, and parts of Book 5, I was left rather puzzled by a few things. Warning: spoilers here, so anyone not having read the book, stop here!<br/><br/>1/ Is Snape really the half-blood prince?<br/><br/>Remember that Harry was advised by Remus Lupin to look up the date the book (Advanced Potions) was published. Harry did, and came to the conclusion that the Half-Blood Prince could NOT be his father's because James, and his friends could not have been at Hogwarts 50 years ago. But then, neither was Snape. He is of the same age as the Marauders. I know that his mother was named Eileen Prince, but I still find this 'evidence' not strong enough - I mean, if Snape is really the terrible Death Eater he is made out to be, would he have boasted about being a half-blood?<br/><br/>Of course, my theory may prove to be rubbish.<br/><br/>2/ The Unbreakable Vow - I wish to find out more about it. Could it have anything to do with Snape's behaviour?<br/><br/>3/ Note the look on Snape's face before he kills Dumbledore - repulsed, hatred...why?<br/><br/>4/ Why was Snape yelping in such pain when Harry called him a coward?<br/><br/>5/ Who is RAB? My best bet is Regulus Black. I also re-read the part about the Black tapestry in book 5. Regulus had died some 15 years ago, around the time Harry's parents were murdered.<br/><br/>6/ What was the adventure Dumbledore went on (that injured him)?<br/><br/>7/ Was the Horcrux (Slytherin's locket) destroyed? Or is it in the Ancient and Noble house of Black? Which...Harry has inherited?<br/><br/>8/ Will Kreacher become useful?<br/><br/>9/ What was the reason Dumbledore trusted Snape so profoundly? Dumbledore was a clever wizard, probably the cleverest. I'm still not too clear about why he placed his trust in Severus Snape. Harry seems to think it's because Snape said he was sorry for his contribution to Lily and James' death - but I think it's more than that. However, my theory may once again be...rubbish.<br/><br/>10/ A question I've had since Book 4 - why did Dumbledore smile in triumph when Harry showed him his arm after Voldemort had returned to his body?<br/><br/>11/ The importance of Petunia Dursley...<br/><br/>Till the next book.
 The first four books were stories that stood on their own.  Each could have been read by someone who didn't know the rest of the story.  This book was very different in that you really had to be familiar with the Potter story to get it.<br/>The book was good - well written as usual, funny and reveals details that tie up a lot of loose ends.<br/>It also gives Harry a definite quest and purpose for book seven.  I was disappointed, perhaps because I could feel the story drawing to an end, at how many possibilities seem to be limited in book six.  In book five, there are still options open, a lot to be explored - now we know what Harry needs to do, and how dire the consequences may be if he fails.
 I admit, I began to doubt the quality of "The Half-Blood Prince" after reading many of the reviews on Amazon giving it 2 or 1 stars, but I decided to go through with the purchase anyway. I do not regret my decision. After reading nonstop for 4 hours, I finished the book, and declare that it is one of the best books in the HP series.<br/><br/>Does it match the lightness and fun of the previous books? Naturally no. It would be downright unnatural for a 16 year old to act like a 10 or 11 year old, and with a mass murderer on the loose, the atmosphere would, of course, be fairly dark. Most of the romance scenes were not too far off the mark from my experiances, but some were decidedly "overdone". However, I did not think they took anything away from book. None of the attempts by Rowling to inject humour into the books was off the mark, in my opinion, and I even found my cynical self laughing out loud once or twice.<br/><br/>Without giving away any more plot details than necessary, an important character dies, killed by another important character. Was it really a suprise? No. But it was tastefully done and had a sufficient impact, instead of feeling like a waste of a character and just for shock. I am, for one, glad that more emphasis was focused on Harry's mission of defeating Voldemort (or at least the subset of that), instead of giving a reptitious accoutn of Harry's school exploits, Quidditch matches, failed tests, and whatnot. We've already had 5 books worth of that, so I'm glad the coverage was as it was. However, there was no sense of looming danger as one would feel if a war was going on. But that just adds to the sense of isolation from the outside world inside Hogwarts, a trait I think was intentional.<br/><br/>Cons to the book? More plot material certainly could've been placed in there, and it was too short; however, I feel the pace of the book was perfect, and not at all rushed. The romance was just a bit overboard, but just barely. It is decidedly darker than previous books, and deals with topics an 8 year-old probably wouldn't understand until he ages a bit and learns mroe about the world.<br/><br/>To me, these are very minor points, and this is some of the best reading I've had for a long time.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince evoked two entirely different responses within me.  Initially, I felt it was a reasonably good book. I was enjoying the experience and was immersed in the story. During the conclusion, however, extreme disappointment and rage came over me. I was ready to burn the book and write a Howler to Ms. Rowling demanding an explanation or a rewrite of the ending. This dramatic shift was caused by several aspects of the conclusion that were neither appealing nor convincing, including the use of a cliché, an uncomfortable length, unanswered questions, and the let down of the false Horcrux. However, several good elements made this book a pleasurable read, namely the lessons with Dumbledore on Voldemort, the spectacular climax, Draco Malfoy becoming a round character, and more information on Lily Potter.<br/><br/>  Unquestionably, the best aspects of the book were Dumbledore's history lessons on Voldemort and the exciting climax. Learning about Voldemort's past and figuring out its purpose was interesting and invigorating. I found myself looking forward to Dumbledore's lessons as much as Harry, if not more so. The back story allowed the reader to make parallels and connections to what was going on in the present storyline. To this end, the finest point, and, not coincidentally, the purpose of the Voldemort history lessons, was the revealing of the Horcruxes. This moment in the book made Harry's destiny to destroy Voldemort vastly more complex. It also created anticipation for another adventure with the trio of friends, which will provide a distraction to the omnipresent prophesied encounter with Lord Voldemort. I would not hesitate to guess that the Horcrux hunt is one of the most anticipated story lines of the final book.<br/><br/>The other shining moment in The Half-Blood Prince is its exhilarating climax, which includes the journey to the cave and the actions on the astronomy tower leading up to the Headmaster's death. After having the Horcrux dilemma placed in front of him, Harry gets to take part in gathering a Horcrux with Dumbledore. One can sense the passing of the torch to Harry.  Previously it was Harry who depended on Dumbledore for safety. After exiting the cave, Dumbledore reverses the roles by confiding in Harry that he feels safe in his presence: "I am not worried Harry...I with you" (578). While the death of Dumbledore was no surprise, I was still swept up by the action.  The climax certainly produces the strongest images of the book.  I remember vividly Harry's brief struggle with Snape and the parting words Snape gave Harry about how to succeed: "No Unforgivable Curses from you Potter! ...blocked again and again and again until you learn to keep you mouth shut and your mind closed, Potter!"(602-603). Rowling's ability to create such lasting images attests to her writing talents.<br/><br/>Further pleasant parts of the story include Draco Malfoy becoming a rounded character and the references to Harry's mother. Up until this point in the series, Draco has been a very flat character, which made it easy to despise him. However, I think it was a very good move on Rowling's part to show another side of him in order to enable Harry and the reader to see that not every person is black and white, evil or good. This book is a turning point for Draco as he decides whether being a Death Eater is truly what he wants. Similarly, it was interesting to gain more insight into Lily Potter's life, as one only remembers her for the selfless sacrifice she made for Harry. Typically the focus was on James, so adding a bit more to her character was a nice touch.<br/><br/>Admittedly, there were some parts while reading that I was not too keen on.  For example, I had no interest the love stories. They were realistic to a point, so I accepted them, but I was not enthralled with them as I was with Dumbledore's lessons. I was also disappointed by the lack of Defense Against the Dark Arts classes that were covered. These classes have consistently played a large role during the school year for Harry, and with his most hated teacher in charge, I was almost certain some time would be spent on them. Instead, Potions lessons were covered more extensively. Many important story elements came from there, so Rowling could not cut them out, but I was still disappointed. Also, I felt a bit of a lag in the story part way through, around the time Harry's obsession with Draco gets a little out of hand. A lull in action is expected, but when the lull causes boredom, which occurred in my case, something is missing.  These good and mediocre points in the story led to a fairly good overall evaluation of the book; however, the way the book ended made it not worth the thirty dollars I paid for it.<br/><br/>The cliché feel, the story speed, the Horcrux let down, and the unanswered questions quite upset me. Harry's break up with Ginny and attempt at separating the trio was very formulaic in style. The line "I don't want you to get hurt and I have to do this on my own" was so familiar it almost induced vomiting while reading. This line can be done in a manner that does not appear boring and ordinary, but such was not the case. In addition, the concluding chapters seemed to drag in pace. Time practically crawled through the final scenes. All interest was lost in what was happening and it was a struggle just to keep going. If this was intentional to help the reader identify with Harry's disbelief, grief and new Horcrux burden, it was not a complete success. I have never had any trouble finishing other Harry Potter books when things become more placid after the climax, so this was a strange experience for me. The trudging plot was worsened by the revelation that the Horcrux attained at the cost of Dumbledore was a fraud.  This single act seemingly obliterated any value the rest of the book had.  Everything was for naught. I am positive this was a deliberate act on Rowling's part, but it slowed everything else down and added to the air of despair in the final chapters that disengaged me from the story. I harbored no excitement to find out who R.A.B. was. Although this may be an important part of the seventh book, this, along with unanswered questions, makes it difficult to declare any merit for the sixth book by itself. Some of the unanswered questions that nag at the reader at the end include what and where the Horcruxes are, how Harry is going to find all of them, what Snape's role is, and whether Harry is going to be at Hogwarts for his seventh year. All of these questions leave the book perched on the edge of a cliff that the seventh book has to rescue it from. I do not doubt that everything will be answered in the seventh book and the sixth book will play a large role in the series as a whole, but as of now I am not satisfied.<br/><br/>In all, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is a fairly good story. It has its moments of brilliance, notably the history of Voldemort and the momentous climax. However, the book also has glaring failings in the conclusion that prevent it from being able to stand alone. In actuality, this book is a bridge to the series' final book. Hopefully it has set the reader up well, and I anticipate that I will appreciate The Half-Blood Prince more once the series is over.
 JKR meets expectations with her newest addition to the Harry Potter series, wiether she surpasses them I will leave to you. The journey starts and we are sucked into a hostile wizarding world. Muggles and wizards alike are dying. Harry is no longer left out of Dumbledores plans, however, as his suspicians rise and the judgment of his teachers is called into question Harry must play a dangerous game to catch those inside the school who would destroy it. Werewolves, giants, and dementors scratch at the walls outside but who can save Hogwarts from itself?<br/><br/>While this book will never be my favorite of the series it is a valuable addition to Harry's saga. Many shippers will be pleased and I mean MANY. Also, I know the question of a few thousand is how angry/angsty does Harry become in this novel. The truth, and I am happier for it, is that Harry is barely angsty at all. He could use more anger control but it is far better then OOTP. The book has it's lighthearted moments and there are quite a few but the overall feeling of this novel is dark and, by the end, just plain depressing. We all know that someone dies but this hit me harder then I thought. Sirius pales in comparison and the narrative makes me wonder if JKR was mourning the loss of her character as well. The end was very sad but it had a bit of a twist. It promises an interesting next book.<br/><br/>Fantastically though it was written, don't expect a happy ride. Keep those anti-depressants handy (not literally of course)and don't be suprised if you are just a tiny bit angry at the end, but unable to really pin down a critisism.
 Orphaned as a baby and subsequently raised (in the loosest possible terms) by his Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia, Harry's early years were thoroughly miserable. Although he had been told his parents had been killed in a car crash, in reality they were murdered by an evil wizard called Voldemort. Harry, however, somehow survived this attack and Voldemort subsequently disappeared for many years. Tracked down by an apparent giant called Hagrid on his eleventh birthday, Harry discovered he was a wizard and has since been attending Hogwarts - a very prestigious school for training young witches and wizards. The school's headmaster Albus Dumbledore, considered by many to be the greatest wizard of modern times, has become something of a role model to Harry. His time has Hogwarts has provided also him with some of the happiest moments of his life : he has made friends for the first time (Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger and Hagrid being the most notable) and has become the Seeker on Gryffindor's Quidditch team. (Gryffindor is Harry's house, while Quidditch is the most popular wizard sport). Unfortunately, it has also become apparent that Voldemort's disappearance was only temporary, and his desire to kill Harry has not lessened. Furthermore, some of his key followers are also at Hogwarts. Professor Snape, the Potions teacher who has picked on Harry from the day he arrived, was a noted Death Eater. Draco Malfoy, Harry's arch-nemesis among the student body, is the son of another noted Death Eater...who, thanks to Harry, is now in prison.<br/><br/>The Order of the Phoenix is a secret society formed by Dumbledore to lead the fight against Voldemort and his Death Eaters. Snape, despite being a former Death Eater, has also been admitted - although Harry believes this is a mistake, Dumbledore is convinced Snape has fully turned his back on his former master. However, as "The Half-Blood Prince" opens it appears that Harry's fears may be correct. Snape meets with Draco Malfoy's mother, Narcissa, and aunt, Bellatrix - both Death Eaters - in a small and dirty house in London. Although he may be working undercover for Dumbledore, the details of this meeting suggest he may actually be working undercover for Voldemort. It also becomes apparent that Voldemort, angry that Lucius failed in his mission at the end of "The Order of the Phoenix", has given Draco a very dangerous assignment.<br/><br/>Harry's ambition after leaving school is to be an Auror and, to be selected for this position, he needs to have done well at NEWT Level in Defence Against the Dark Arts and Potions. While Harry has always excelled in Defence Against the Dark Arts, Snape has made it clear he will not accept anyone into his NEWT-level Potions class who hasn't achieved the top grade at OWL Level. When Harry's OWL results come through, it seems his dream is over : while he's done well in Potions, he hasn't achieved the top grade. However, on returning to Hogwarts, he finds that Snape has been appointed the Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher while the new Potions teacher, Horace Slughorn is more than happy to accept him into the Potions class. Since he hadn't bought any books for the Potions course in Diagon Alley, Slughorn lends Harry an old copy of the textbook from the classroom's store. It puts Harry at an immediate advantage over his classmates, thanks to some very helpful notes made by its previous owner...someone who called himself the 'Half-Blood Prince'.<br/><br/>Dumbledore has decided to give Harry some additional 'classes' this year, where he learns more about Voldemort's past. However, they're not very regular as Dumbledore seems to be spending a lot of time away from Hogwarts. Furthermore, Dumbledore seems to have had a difficult summer as he arrives back at school with a very badly burned hand. He also has in his possession a ring that once belonged to Salazar Slytherin and his heir - Lord Voldemort.<br/><br/>With "The Half-Blood Prince", J.K Rowling has written another excellent book - although quite dark in places, it's very enjoyable and is very easily read. I was particularly looking forward to seeing how Harry's rivalry with Malfoy would intensify and I wasn't let down. What did surprise me, though, was how Draco coped with his task - and I'm now very curious to see what he'll get up to in the next book. (The same goes for Snape - for some reason, I'm not entirely sure he's all he appears to be - and I have a feeling that Mundungus Fletcher's brief appearance in this book might yet prove significant). The only disappointment was that Luna and Neville didn't feature more. If you're new to Harry Potter, I would recommend reading the series in order - this is the sixth book in the series and it picks up on certain events from the previous instalments. However, that shouldn't be too much of a burden, as the previous books are also very enjoyable !
 Harry Potter 6 was something that came out of the blue for me. The characters were changing a bit during book 5, but suddenly, here, they just blew over. I almost couldn't believe the sudden romance thrown into the book. I was expecting it for a while, but most of the book is devoted to Voldemort's past, how inept Harry has become, and about Dumbledore and his weakening state. Why add in a mix of uneccessary romance when you're gonna kill it off at the last page? I felt somewhat awkward when suddenly, it was the three main characters again, all alone. And some the romances just were sorta weird. The plot was a solid one, but overall, it felt like a foreshadowing for the last book. Mainly a preview. This book didn't really go through anything, just gave us more indepth information of Voldemort, reviewed the characters, and have people ready for the next book. Yeah, maybe that might help out the seventh, but in this one, it sorta made it flat. I felt like I wanted to grab Harry and drown him in a cauldron sometimes. And what was with Malfoy? Suddenly, he becomes a bigshot Death Eater who can now create intense pain to Harry easily. Not the sneering scaredy cat anymore. No way. I felt that Rowling tried to place too much at once, tried to fill in too many blanks. But alas, I stil wait for the seventh book. The "death" in the book seemed all too shallow. I feel that maybe...again, it is all foreshadowing for the next book, which better meet expectations or customer after customer will come pouring in, looking for blood ;)
 Once again Mrs. Rowling has managed a bit of magic a misdirection in order to completely surprise me.  The word masterful comes to mind.  For one with nearly 4 decades of novel reading under his belt, I use that term with extreme caution.  But in this case it is most appropriate.  Though I still rank "The Prisoner of Azkaban" as my favorite in the series due to the complex series of parallel storylines that wrap up so neatly, I give this book an O in the O.W.L. rankings.  Well done.<br/><br/>Without giving anything away, I must say I'm not sure I'm going to be able to wait 2 more years for the final installment.  Please Mrs. Rowling, though a vacation is well deserved at this point.  Don't take a long one.  Go back into your workshop and brew us up one final potion.  And please don't close down Hogwarts!
 Jim Dale is an amazing narrator! If you've got a long road trip or something coming up, this is a great book for everyone!
 The six hours I spent plowing through the Half-Blood Prince were hours of keen enjoyment and suspense. Once again, J.K. Rowling has spun a tale like no other. I (like I always have, and most likely always will) praise her to no end! The end is FULL of surprises. Be ready for a great show of trust and betrayal.<br/><br/>The book was a bit rushed, as if J.K. Rowling forgot that she only had two books left to reveal all the mysteries, but it was a readable rush. The romance portion of the book seemed strained with the quick comments of Harry's feelings and... other factors... However, it had been building in the previous five books so it wasn't too bothersome. I was quite content with the pairings.<br/><br/>Much of the ending gave me the chills, for various reasons. Inferi and their white limbs exuded a creepiness I had not felt while reading about dementors. All the good stuff is in the final four chapters or so. It was thrilling to be unsure of which side Snape belonged to. However, in the bleakest ending of a Harry Potter book yet, I clung on to a glimmer of hope that Draco Malfoy, destined for the dark side, would indeed suffer a change of heart. But apparently, Malfoy has moved on to the next level of evil in this book.<br/><br/>Overall, Harry Potter #6 is a well-rounded book. It never ceases to amaze me how different book six is from book one. I feel that if I were to have just started reading the Sorcerer's Stone at my ripe old age of 15, I would not be as obsessive over the series. I was eight years of age reading the first Harry Potter and could relate to the book. Now, I relate to the adolescent Harry and the style of writing is much more mature. (I seriously think that this book would give nightmares to little kids. Children's books my... nevermind.)<br/><br/>Like I wrote in the title, HBP is just delightfully vicious. &gt;:D
 The newest Harry Potter is quite an achievement.  I realize that many will find it less joyful than the earlier books in the collection.  Viewed from the perspective of an adult,  it doesn't seem like a "children's" book ought to be.  What a child thinks on the matter, however, will probably be quite different.<br/><br/>Whatever the case, I thought  it quite good.  It's definitely much less for or about  younger children than the earlier ones.  You might almost say that the collection  are a set of "to grow up with books," each to be read at a different stage of a child's life.  They certainly seem to progress in sophistication with respect to the vocabulary, sentence structure, and content from one book to the next.<br/><br/> It's amazing really.  I can't decide if the author's style is simply maturing, or if she actually intends the progression.  It seems to me as though she's writing the books for a specific child or group of children , tailoring each to the concerns of a stage of life defined generally by a year of matriculation.  "Sort of a guidebook to growing up."<br/><br/>Anyone who has lived with a growing child knows how much they change during a school year.  That toddler concerned with keeping siblings out of "his or her" things is suddenly going to school and facing new challenges.  The next thing you know they're getting married and you're a grandparent-like when did that happen? They soak up information so quickly  that it would put an IBM computer to shame, and their problems are ones that no computer yet built could work out appropriately.  Trying to help them navigate the shoals is a major task for any parent, and it's always nice to find books that help them help their youngsters in an entertaining and attention getting way.<br/><br/>The most recent Harry deals with a wide variety of teen problems.  It delves into the moodiness of friends, boy-girl relationships, sibling relationships, "finding" someone, trying not to be "different" or learning to deal with being so,  trying not to be seen as still a "kid" when everyone else is trying to be "grown up," having your best friend "fall" for your sister-of all things-or worrying about falling for your best friend's sister and possibly ruining a long friendship, how friendships change during adolescence as adult roles are assumed, the fact that they will change whether you like it or not, the fact that the world is a hard place that gives little quarter to anyone even the young, that beloved role models can be wrong, that they can die.  Well, you get the drift.  In short, it may be full of magic and mystery, but it's still about "growing up."<br/><br/>The book also takes  parents pretty much out of the picture, which I think is the way it really is for teens.  We don't all go to a private school; we certainly aren't all learning the art and lifestyle of a witch or wizard, but we're more subject to  our peers and what they think and expect, and to our teachers control and influence.  We spend more time at school and in after school activities than we do when we are pre-teens.  In short after we hit 13, we're more "out in the world."  On the surface,  Harry Potter is about a young wizard coming of age in a world where magic still exists, but the real theme is becoming an adult.<br/><br/>Considering that it's become an international phenomenon, that it is read by "kids" of all ages, and that it deals with real and some very serious issues, I think Rowling deserves a Pulitzer or a Nobel Prize for literature.
 The latest in the Harry Potter saga is quite like its latest predecessors, with little real action until the last chapters, another death that could have been avoided if only Harry had confided in his elders, and again, those annoying and unnecessary spelling and grammatical errors sticking out like sore thumbs, but how I'd *love* to be Ms Rowling's proof-reader for her next book s].<br/>I won't give away the plot  or its holes] since readers  such as my nieces!] should pursue it for themselves, and like so many of us, I love the characters too much to be too critical, and isn't that the magic?<br/>Not as spell-binding or intricate as her earlier books, but, as always, a couple of chapters had me in tears.  I'm looking forward to the next adventures of her endearing characters as well as the story behind Dumbledore's hand.<br/>3 1/2 out of 5 stars.
 There is no way you can call Jim Dale anything less than brilliant. His voice has captivated me for the last two audio books. I am looking forward to buying the first two. I can't tell you how much I enjoy getting in my car in the morning and leaving work just to listen to the audio CDs in my car. It makes the ride much more tolerable. Jim has a way in really painting a vivid picture with his different voices. It's obvious why this guy has won so many awards for his voice contribution in the Harry Potter audio series.
 I would definitely say that J.K. Rowling definitely is a great writer and she has done a great job with the narration. Harry has mellowed down from the angry young rebel in Book V and has started seeing the lighter side of life again. The book has an optimistic line throughout, well, err, almost throughout. Somethings that would prick the reader's mind however would be<br/><br/> - Ron and Hermione are barely involved with Harry's adventures and have morphed into sidekicks with a story of their own.<br/><br/> - This is the first incomplete Harry Potter book with many mysteries unanswered and it doesn't start of where Book V left either. Not to give away the suspense, how does Dumbledore pin down the location of the Horcruxes, what si the story behind his injured arm, what happens to the Order adn what exactly they do other than protecting Hogwarts? And many other questions which I'm sure would get the readers with bludgers after me if I write this down.<br/><br/> - Last but not the least, the way the novel ends that sends u screaming, "Why, Rowling, why?"<br/><br/>One word for Rowling, you have the gift of words and have almost half the world's population stopping their lives standstill to get into the Wizarding World and you have the gift of attaching the readers to the story that Harry is almost another member of their family. Making the best use of it not only entails presenting a page turner to the readers, but also to give them a sense of relief after the book (which the first three, and if u must, the fourth did) as opposed to leaving them depressd. I sincerely hope Book VII is going to compensate very heavily for what Book V and VI did.
 J.K. Rowling gives her readers a sucker-punch right in the face with her newest Harry Potter novel. Slightly skinner than the last two additions (coming in at 652 pages), Rowling still knows how to keep her readers captivated until the last page has been turned.<br/><br/>After "Order of the Pheonix", I was slightly worried about the direction Rowling has taking her plot. Harry had become a little too dark, a little too emotions. Some of the plot lines where too bogged down by the placment of far-too serious issues for a group of 15 years olds. But once I started "Half-Blood Prince", I was pleased to find my worries subdued. Rowling hits the bulls-eye with her new one.<br/><br/>The story opens somewhere other then Privet Drive: in the office of a newly elected Prime Minister of Britain. Rowling beautifully orchestrates the way that the return of Voldermort has unknowingly affected the Muggle world. As the story progresses, the plot begins to twist and turn. As characters are one of Rowling's strong points, she once again develops her characters into more three-dimensional characters (i.e. Ginny Weasel and Draco Malfoy). But Rowling also does something that was not expected: she blurs the lines of good and evil. In past volumes, Snape, Draco, and Voldermort were seemingly malicous, evil men who wanted nothing other than power. In her 6th volumer, Rowling makes Draco vunerable (he's found weeping in a bathroom), and Voldermort as a scarred child. Rowling also relies heavily on the use of a device that has only been touched upon in past books of the series: the Pensive. Harry dives into the memory-reproducing device many times throughtout the book, and gives a huge amount of infomation to the reader from these encounters.<br/><br/>While HBP is not my favorite Harry Potter book (that distinction must go to the Goblet of Fire), she ranges in a close second with her beautiful fast-moving plot and amazingly well done climax. While I won't give away any of the suprises, or the death of a mjor character, you may find your self weeping over your book during the last few chapters.<br/><br/>Rowling does hit out emotions beautifully. In the beginning chapters of the book, Ron, Hermione, and Harry wait impatiently for the arrival of their O.W.L. testing results; anyone who was ever waited for the arrival of life-changing test results will feel their pain. And as she tests out her teenage character's emotions, she creates an orchestrated web of relationships and hormones that is dead-on the flirtaions of teenagers today (remeber Harry and company are 16 now!)<br/><br/>Rowling hits a few bumps in the road, though. Some of the events that take place during the middle portion of the book deal with a lot of recalling on the readers part, especailly to the second book in the series, the Chamber of Secrets. If you havn't read the book in a while, I would say it would be smart to at least skim over both the Chamber of Secrets and the Order of the Phoenix. And some of the memories in the middle portion of the book are a little to strechted out, while other, more important memories seem far too short. Finally, many of the chapters seems just as a big set-up for the end of the book: full twenty pages stretches can be filled with mindless talking and bickering among the students at Hogwarts.<br/><br/>As a darker and more sophisticated book than the past entries in this saga, Rowling takes her readers to new heights. As Rowling closes her penultimate novel, she sets up her finale to the series to be a stunner. Go read this book soon, because (before long) the secrets that are contained in this book will be leaked out as common knowledge.  And even though HBP is not perfect, it's a great way to get sucked into a fantasy world and forget the trivial problems of human life.
 Stunned, shocked, disbelief, speechless. This all describes my feelings as I sit here moments after finishing this book. Everything you think you know or expect is just blown out the water. Now I see why J.K. Rowling is worth more than the Queen of England. I am in utter amazement at her gift for storytelling and that somebody actually came up with this stuff. I read alot, and I mean ALOT, all kinds of books - all diferent genre's and these books are just on a whole other level. It's like the "Star Wars" of the movie world.<br/><br/>All I have to say is read the book, and read it NOW!
 I finished reading Half-Blood Prince at 11 pm on the day it came out and couldn't sleep a wink that night.  I literally found myself laying there telling myself "No, she *really* didn't do that.  She *couldn't* have.  THIS IS NOT HAPPENING!!"  My wife hasn't read it yet so she has no idea why this book affected me so.<br/><br/>And you know what I keep thinking about, what image from this book keeps coming to mind? - SPOILER ALERT - It's that illustration that goes with the "Horcruxes" chapter.  The one showing Professor Dumbledore smiling at the vial containing the memory that Harry brought him.  Harry is so proud of himself for coming through for Dumbledore, and right now that is the most haunting image from the book because how were we to know that this was going to be the LAST time that we would visually see Harry and Dumbledore together?  I thought there was such a wonderful bond between them, the very model of teacher and apprentice, and it showed when Harry affirmed to the new minister that he was "Dumbledore's man, through and through."  That was one last moment of happiness that Harry had with the most loving adult figure in his entire life, before it ALL went straight to hell.<br/><br/>There are things in this book that will stay with you, will haunt you for days on end.  There's a seductive hint that things might start going well for the good guys against Voldemort after all and then from Chapter 25 on through the end, if it can possibly go wrong it goes wrong.  Chapters 27 through 30 was literally the most painful thing I ever read and the moment that the Half-Blood Prince is revealed, coming so soon after the biggest tragedy of the entire series to date, was one of those moments when you just have to declare "Oh *#&amp;@ NOW what?!?"<br/><br/>J.K. Rowling could have stayed within the boundaries of what is safe.  She didn't play safe on this one at all.  And that is why I think Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince might very well go down as the most realistic tale ever done in the fantasy genre.
 Looks like JK got herself a decent editor this time. Book 5 just wandered all over the place. An easy 100 pages could have been cut and the story line would have been tighter and the plot just fine.<br/><br/>This time the book just flows. It's really a middle book as it has set up book 7 and now of course I can hardly wait the 2 years until it comes out. The plot here is believable, there are few logic holes, the characters continue to fit their assigned roles set in book one. I envy the folks who will have all 7 books to read in one long sitting, because this is series is really just one giant book with installments.<br/><br/>JK Rowling has promised that book 7 will be the end. So I'm hoping that as the story line finishes out that she doesn't break all our hearts to guarantee that its the final book. Surely she won't have to write again for reasons of cash, but if the story is somehow left open the fans will always call for book 8.<br/><br/>So if by now you haven't read it, borrow a copy from one of your die hard friends, they've read it 3 to 5 times already and should be ready for a short break. And don't whatever you do, read any advance notes on the plot. You can find out for yourself what happens and it will be better that way.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince ( hereafter HBP) is a book which arrives with startling, unintentional, ironic timing: Terrorists are attacking the Wizarding world, just as terrorists are in our world. Those on both sides of the political debate will find succor: Liberals will point to those who are kept prisoner for morale purposes; Conservatives will point to the repeatedly stressed need to defeat evil despite the losses which might be sustained.<br/><br/>Ms. Rowling takes neither side, marching forward with a message of honesty in standing up to evil, the potential for redemption and the powerful magic called love.<br/><br/>HBP spans 652 pages of print, in 30 chapters of danger, darkness, comedy, love and excitement. Far and away the most adult of her books, she continues to successfully age her characters: 16-year olds can be snarky at times, and she shows it here. Darker by far than even "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix" we are treated to a number of revelations, masterful literary slight-of-hand and a tale which ends in death, treason, tragedy, yet with a maturation of character and a growth of determination and resolve.<br/><br/>There's more than enough here to warrant several readings to fully ensure that the reader has unpeeled all the layers Ms. Rowling has created in her story:<br/><br/>We start off in a place we've yet to see: The office of the Prime Minister of the Muggles.<br/><br/>There's a new Minister of Magic. Harry quickly departs from the Dursley residence, and gains an unwanted inheritance.<br/><br/>The Wizarding World now knows that Harry was telling the truth all this time and there's an impact upon him as such. There's a new captain for Gryffindor's Quidditch team. Harry receives unknowing aid from someone known as "The Half-Blood Prince" who was once at Hogwarts. Another year, and another new instructor, in this case an interesting person by the name of Professor Slughorn. Harry and Draco's enmity reaches new levels, with Harry convinced that Draco is up to something.<br/><br/>There are romantic resolutions (with one book left to go, the end fate of those resolutions is yet to be determined) for Harry, Hermione and Ron, as well as a surprise or two for other characters.<br/><br/>And, yes, a major character dies (along with some minor characters we've met before, not necessarily at the same time.<br/><br/>Some familiar faces from prior books will reappear: Lupin, Luna, Ginny, Neville, Mundungus, Fudge, Percy, Fleur, and Tonks, to say nothing of the usual mob of Weasley's, a family which will have its share of adventures this year, including some they'd rather not have had.<br/><br/>Reading this book, I can't help but feel that Ms. Rowling had an eye out for the fanfiction writers, giving them plenty of new material to take and run with on their own.<br/><br/>This is a book which answers a lot of questions, yet leaves us with at least as many questions as at the end of Book 5. Further, questions which we think may have been answered might yet turn out to be trick questions, or at least far more complicated than they appear, for Ms. Rowling is a master of misdirection. And the new questions are simply huge in significance.<br/><br/>The dark tone of this book might be difficult on some of the youngest fans of the Potter series, so parents should keep that in mind; this isn't the same level of danger that Harry faced in Book 1. Bad things happen to good people, some of it "on camera" as it were, other incidents which are merely referenced( news story of a 9-year old who attempts to kill his grandparents; parents and family members of students dying, includoing one as young as 5).<br/><br/>Still, the darker tone is appropriate, (we are talking about a series which starts with the attempted murder of a 1-year old) and recalls the needed transition in other series, including C.S. Lewis's Narnia saga, and, of course, The Lord of The Rings, naming just a few. It is to Ms. Rowling's credit that she has, again successfully met the challenge of writing for the age group, and above, which Harry belongs to for each of her novels. This is a great book, one which doesn't pull its punches. Yet despite all the darkness in this book, there's a message that life, humor and love, do go on.<br/><br/>There is just one unsatisfying issue I have with this book: The wait until the release of Book 7.
 SPOILERS!!!! Don't read ahead unless you want to know wwhat happens in the book.<br/><br/>Wow, this book was really great, I got it the day it came out, thanks to amazon and read it in about 6 hours! Dissapointingly, it was shorter than the last book, but o well, it was still great! You really get to see Harry grow in what seems to be his last year at hogwarts?!?1 Can it be?! The story at hogwarts really thickens and becomes more complex than even last year, with harry and cho going at it all over the place.<br/><br/>Remember harry having all those suspicions about snape?!?! WELL HE WAS FINALLY PROVED RIGHT! I recognized after finishing reading the book, that clues were everywhere that dumbledore was going down! It kept going on about his weaknesses! I didn't pick up on it tho, because dumbledore dying was quite un-imaginable! I must say I didn't cry tho, like I did when Sirius died, probably because Sirius was my favorite character, and I was just to shocked when dumbledore died. Snape gives him the final blow, which really pounded the last nail in the coffin that harry was right all along. After reading this book, I am DYING to read book 7, I really hope it doesn't take 2 or 3 years tho = /.<br/><br/>5/5, another excellent book, on par with books 4 and 5 and even surpasses them in some levels.
 O.k I have to admit I was not looking foward to the new Harry Potter. It was really because of his new dumb-angry-teenager persona that seemed to be at time too pushed for the sake of being edgy. But once I read this new instalment I was so relieved that Rowling killed off that edgy Harry and made him more Mature, quiet, and finally smart. A main critism I've had with the Harry Potter series has always been the fact that Harry has always been too much of a quiet dumb kid following his friends and once or twice making a true theory of the rising mystery in hogwarts,(book 1-3) well now that he is actually speaking and making smart remarks,(4 and 6) I feel as if I am starting to like the character more. But year 5 totally turned me off to the series due to the  treatment towards his friends and Dumbledore. Rowling took advantage of Harry's new  chacter growth and completly turned him into a total jerk, just to make the book edgy. But now we head from the past towards the future to the Half blood prince. Wow, is all I have to say, this was really a great achievement. I was surpriced that Harry seemed to be feeling sorry of his attitude in the previous year and really acted up to reasonable expectations, once more he was chill, but not too quiet, as I said Harry in his earlier years was waaaaaaaaaaaay to quiet. I was also very impressed that the lenghth of the book was not as excrusiating as the previous installment(800 pages of teenage melo drama is toooo much), overall it was a fair 4 days I spent reading(600 pages with large text in a 4 day ride). The book also had that dark tone that has been growing along the years, but now it has reached its climax with the death of an important character and the betrayall of Snape, which Im giving away because it is written in the second chapter so there is nothing really big to spoil. Overall this installment fixed the edgy dark tone from the previous and gets it right, totally friggin right and whoever says that this book has a needless dark tone then shove it, Harry is better with his calm self and the dark sorrounding. This book does tend to be very violent, there are some strong curses, and a much more challenging vocabulary, overall the little ones should hold back this book until a couple of years, this is an equivalent of a  PG-13 movie. So people give Harry's 6th year a warm round of applause.<br/>MY NEXT REVIEW WILL BE CONSTANTINE THE MOVIE.
 I wish that I had read the series before going to Universal in Orlando! We are definitely going back soon!
 Possibly the very best book in a fantastic series. The plot is a bit more mature than some of the earlier books and is certainly much darker. COuldn't put it down
 My sons read it first and were happy to tell me who died and whether Harry and Ginny got together. That didn't spoil the story in the least. This is the best Potter book I've read. I read the others largely to keep up with the kids and culture, but skipped a lot of what I thought were tedious parts showing off Rowling's ability to dream up new magical stuff. I didn't skip a word of the Half-Blood Prince. None of the magic is gratuitous. The novel is mature and well-plotted. I finished with a shiver of dread about what awaits Harry in the final book, similar to the sliver of dread that threaded through the excitement I felt about approaching adulthood. Harry Potter still ranks behind His Dark Materials and Narnia, but that's fine company.
 First, let me say I enjoyed the book, but it functions mostly as a setup for book 7. If you are just getting started with Harry Potter, this is not the book with which to begin.<br/><br/>Spoiler coming! Warning!<br/><br/>Ok, I read the reviews where fans are so sad about what happened to a favorite character. Having read the book, I wonder if these so-called fans ever read the other books in the series.<br/><br/>What does Dumbledore say to Malfoy when they are alone together? What protection does he offer Malfoy? Do Dumbledore and Snape not hatch a plot of some kind at the end of the previous book? When everyone is together boo-hooing about the tragic death, did any of you notice where the Phoenix was said to be? What did we learn about the Phoenix in Chamber of Secrets?<br/><br/>Final question: Has Harry believed Dumbledore to be wrong in the past? Has Dumbledore ever been wrong?<br/><br/>Have any of you been paying attention?!?!
 OKAY I HAVE TO ADMIT..  I HAVE BEEN A FAN OF THE HARRY POTTER MOVIES BUT NOT THE BOOKS UNTIL NOW. AFTER WATCHING THE FIFTH MOVIE, THATS WHEN I DECIDED TO READ THIS BOOK. NOW I CANNOT WAIT TIL THE MOVIE COMES OUT. I AM A HUGE HARRY POTTER FAN.. AND I AM GOING TO READ THE 7TH BOOK NEXT WEEK.<br/><br/>SOME THINGS I LOVED ABOUT THIS BOOK:<br/><br/>I LIKED HOW HARRY INTERACTED WITH THE NEW PRIME MINISTER AND HOW HE STOOD HIS GROUND... I ADMIRED THAT.<br/><br/>I LIKED HOW THE BOOK HAS SOME INTERESTING DEVELOPEMENTS.. LIKE A POSSIBLE HARRY / GINNY COUPLING..... I NEVER SUSPECTED THAT.<br/><br/>THE FIGHT AT THE END.... WAS THE MOST THRILLING PART FOR ME, I JUST WANTED TO READ AND READ UNITL THE END.... ALTHOUGH I WAS SAD AT THE END AND I CRIED.<br/><br/>AGAIN.....  I AM LOOKING FORWARD TO THE MOVIE COMING OUT IN A LITTLE OVER A YEAR FROM NOW..... BASED ON THE BOOK, IT LOOKS LIKE IT WILL BE AN INCREDIBLE MOVIE TO SEE... AND U CAN BET I WILL BE THE FIRST IN LINE TO SEE IT HERE ON GUAM.
 I picked this book up at midnight, I have to admit (I wasn't planning on it, but my friends and I had nothing better to do). When I went home, dead tired, I cracked open the first page to read before falling to sleep. The fall never came. I had to keep reading. It's just the way Rowling writes; I have to keep going, to find out what's just around the corner. Well, 3 days later I'd finished. And I sat, looking at nothing in particular, and realizing that I wasn't satisfied. This book left a bad taste in my mouth.<br/><br/>It's all still here: the world of wizards and muggles, harry and the gang, classes, quidditch, hogsmeade and so on, but it just isn't as compelling as it used to be. Maybe that's what J.K. meant to do--belittle everything else to show how nothing's the same since Voldemort returned. But in place of the old subjects used, I found none as interesting or urgent for that matter. There was no real mystery in this installment. We knew Malfoy and Snape were going to turn by the end, and, honestly, that *spoiler* Dumbledore was going to die. Where was the mystery in it all? I once read a review saying "she's not so much a fantasy writer as a good mystery writer", and that's true. Take the mystery out of Harry Potter, and it becomes very, very bland.<br/><br/>Phoenix had the ongoing mysteries of what Voldemort was doing, and what that damned door was all about. And length has nothing to do with the good mysteries. Even Sorcerer's Stone had a compelling story of why the trapdoor was guarded so. And in the meantime, we had many other topics to tide us over when the mysteries went on the back burner. Fights with the Slytherins, the OWLs, the DA, magical tournaments, the Forbidden Forest, Hagrid's antics, insight into the teachers' lives, illegal potions and nighttime adventures. There are none of these to occupy you in the Prince; no adventure or action. Not for long anyway.<br/><br/>The Slug Club is quickly disbanded. Harry, once again, gets banned from Quidditch. The only real action/adventure is the ending itself. Even the greatest, possibly only, mystery in the book isn't that compelling. The Half-Blood Prince. Some spells and help with his Potions class... it has next to no other effect on Harry.<br/><br/>That's not to say that the book is bad. It's still better than a lot of the books out there, and still extremely well-written (Rowling seems to be able to write perfectly, effortlessly). In fact, it really picks up in a some chapters, especially the last few. Parts involving students' love lives are also enjoyable, and contain some of the only humor in this somewhat subdued book. And the private revelations with Dumbledore are very interesting, if a bit long-winded. These great parts just aren't frequent enough. I said before, I had to find out what was just around the corner. Well, there's not a lot around it, be you WILL keep looking, and when it comes, you'll get that great feeling in your gut and smile, despite how horrible it the subject may be.<br/><br/>I guess what I'm trying to say here is that, The Half-Blood Prince is still a great book. It's still Harry, Ron and Hermione doing their thing. It's still classes, squabbles and teenage angst. It's just not on par with the other Potter outings, especially the amazing read in the previous Order of the Phoenix.
 Well, I just finished this book and in my review I'll try not to disclose anything in case people haven't read the book. There is certainly a twist here and I must say with being a fan of this series, I got quite teary in the end. My frustration lies in the fact that the final book hasn't been written yet and this one ended with such a cliffhanger, I can't wait until the author gets back to her keyboard! The dynamics will surely change for the final installment and a part of me hopes she'll maybe carry on with an 8th book somewhere down the line to give us an update on our protagonist and the characters we've come to know and love in the series.
 I have never been a Harry Potter fanatic don't consider myself a huge fan of the books but I do enjoy the movies.  Maybe it's the British humor that I can never get the hang of I don't know.  "Pete what did you think of Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince if you were so unmoved by the rest of the books?<br/><br/>Well I liked the book a whole lot as it happened especially the ending which I will not give away.  Ms.  Rowling this time has turned out a book that can hold its own against all others of its kind (that's juvenile fantasy you understand not adult fantasy).  All the things that make a book good can be found here and I have to say in terms of the plot and narrative flow the book just jives better then any of the others.<br/><br/>Overall-The author finally has my convinced she can write a good book and I feel that I will be swept away on the wave of hype next time around.  This book is good trust the word of a former skeptic please.  This is the best Harry Potter book yet.
 This is my most hated book of the whole series! Which goes to show you how well JKR pulls you into her vortex of Hogwarts and it's characters. You are breathing their happiness, pain and anguish through her words. A remarkable read that will passed onto younger generations!!
 It seems to make good sense that Harry Potter has grown up with the readers the series started out with.  This of course means that teenage angst can be used to speed up all the things that J.K. Rowling might have had planned all along for the characters.  That said, the book seemed to rely a little bit too much on what sometimes seemed to be randomly inserted romantic relationship developments just so that there would be something happening in the book.  Most of this is still well written, but some of it seems very strained-as if perhaps Rowling had figured these relationships would eventually materialize, but just wants to get them all developed before the next book.  Because of that a lot of the relationships may seem to appear out of nowhere.  All this angst also seems to apply to the adult relationships in the book.<br/><br/>That said, the book was still deeply engrossing.  Although there was arguably less action and mystery this time around, the mysteries and action sections are very well written, with most of the emotions that are woven through these sections also very believable-the only exception being some of the action-related emotion at the very end of the book.<br/><br/>Anyways, no matter what I say I'm sure anybody's who's bothered to read all the previous Potter books isn't going to stop now.  One thing that might be worth mentioning is that there is somewhat more adult humor this time around-although I suppose how dirty it gets is a matter of how you interpret the jokes, but either way this book definitely seems to be more of a teen book than something I can see a 6 year old reading.
 I started the Harry Potter series ages ago but I only made it to the fifth book and after finally reading the sixth book, the series never ceases to amaze me. After all that is happening in today's society, it's nice to escape into a timeless book such as these.
 Such a great series. Great writing, story line, and build up. I would definitely recommend to my friends and family
 It's Harry Potter!<br/>This book had me shaking with emotion when I first read it. We learn about Horcruxes, Snape is put in a bind with the Unbreakable Curse, DUMBLEDORE: "I am not worried Harry...I am with you."
 I'm an adult who has immensely enjoyed the Harry Potter book series.  I read the first 5 books within a month, I received my copy of book 6 on Saturday and I finished it Monday night.  I couldn't put them down.  I enjoyed them so much I even read through the first 5 books twice!  I've seen all the movies numerous times, we own the movies, and my daughters who are still a little young to start reading the books, have taken an interest as well.  My 7 year old saw my enthusiasm and has since decided she wanted to start on Book 1 (with a little help from me with the big words).<br/><br/>I do not know if I can go through Book 6 a second time, however. The last hour or so of my reading, I was crying a lot.  You've read there is a death, yes there is, and it's just so sad, I swear you feel like it's your own family member who has passed.  This changes Harry.  He's coming of age, he's growing up, he's very aware of what his purpose in life is and the sacrifices he has to make to fulfill the prophecy.  The sadness of that book is still with me, a credit no doubt to the unbelievable talent of J.K. Rowling.  I feel sadder today and believe me when I say no book has ever affected me like this.  There's a hole there now, and Book 7 will not be the same without this character.  I also couldn't help but imagine what the movie will do with that scene, hopeful of course that the whole series is made into a movie (I already can't wait for November with Movie 4).<br/><br/>When you read this book, your heart will be heavy, and you will feel everything the characters feel at this horrible end. You will feel like you've been through what Harry has been through.  I had a headache for a couple hours after finishing it, it was so heart wrenching.  After this, definitely see a sitcom or comedy to try and lift your spirits.<br/><br/>But I wouldn't have it any other way.  It was excellent.
 I have not read this book since The Deathly Hollows was released.  I  am so glad I picked up them again.  So handy to read them on my phone.  Not rushed to get through like the first times.  I learned to like the movies, but the books have always been much better.  Can't wait to start the last book
 This must have been a difficult book to write. There was obviously a certain amount that JKR had to get down on paper just to set up the final book. A lot of it was fascinating, particularly the background to Tom Riddle/ Voldermort's character. The drawback was that some of the rest of the book seemed a little rushed. Harry and Dumbledore's `quest' towards the end seems to take about ten minutes and one gets the impression that any moderately talented wizard accompanied by a house-elf could have accomplished it. To me it felt that there were at least three books of story left to tell but JKR was eager to bring everything to a close in two.<br/><br/>But as usual there are several fabulously subtle undercurrents to the story, my favourite of which is the theme of judgement and misjudgement. JKR elegantly introduces this theme in the cosy setting of the Weasley's home, where Mrs W and the rest of the household are indulging their mutual distaste for Fleur, the beautiful but irritating wife-to-be of Bill Weasley. Their misjudgement is proved towards the end in a fairly comical but quite moving scene, which adds just the right touch of light relief, mingled with pathos, in an otherwise dark moment.<br/><br/>Questions over character and character judgement run all through this book. In an age of pop psychology where personalities are so often neatly pigeonholed, JKR's premise that we are all complicated, and capable of misjudging and being misjudged, is a worthwhile message and a breath of fresh air.
 Please excuse me for being vague but if I go into too much detail, I'll be sure to blurt out a spoiler and ruin the plot for many enthusiastic readers.  Therefore, I will not rehash the plot here.<br/><br/>Here are some aspects about the latest Harry Potter that I quite enjoyed:<br/><br/>1) The progressive darkness engulfing the magical world parallels Harry's coming of age.  This is not unlike the current real world for all the young readers out there.  Rowling appreciates her audience's intelligence and their ability to understand complex issues of politics, violence, injustice, and death.  What I truly admired was that she does not underestimate the kids who read her novels, and introduces controversial subjects such as the diplomatic red tape of governments, propaganda, and unlawful acts by a seemingly lawful government without preaching to her audience (e.g. the Ministry accusing and detaining people the government thinks are Death Eaters although they have no proof, so that they can assure the public that they are winning their battle against Voldemort.  Sounds familiar?). Rowling is aware that the generation she is writing for is living in a turbulent political world and does not shy away from the opportunity to integrate current issues in an interesting and thoughtful format.<br/><br/>2) I've heard too many times, the Church and the Vatican's objection to the dark arts of Harry Potter.  However, in this latest novel, Rowling makes explicit in our trouble times that love is the most powerful weapon.  More powerful than greed, fear, and violence.  Now, that should be a blow against anyone who pursue the idea that Harry Potter could possibly be harmful.  This is a novel that asks children and young adults to be brave and loyal, to use whatever powers they have with compassion and kindness, and most importantly, to love.  I can't imagine better advice.<br/><br/>3) The emotional impact of the latest death.  This was handled with a deft hand, and Rowling made sure that it was heart-wrenchingly painful to say goodbye to one of our beloved characters.  The final blow and the scenes before it were immensely dark and emotional.  She also made apparent that even those who look to be the strongest, wisest, and most impenetrable also suffer from self-doubt, mistakes, and emotional pain when battling against those who wish to defeat them. These aspects are not weaknesses, they are what makes us human and mortal -that is, Rowling has injected her characters with more humanity in this novel than in previous novels.<br/><br/>My final word on Rowling for all the nay-sayers, especially adults who say that it's been done before (often citing the Narnia series) is this:<br/><br/>We all have novels we loved as children and ALL of them have been done before.  They often carry the same theme or plot devices.  However, each generation should have their own series to love and cherish so Harry Potter is their time in the sun.  Moreover, a childhood novel, one that you loved, is like a parent and the characters in them were role models.  I am immensely pleased to have Rowling as a print-form parent for this generation.  Finally, the best critics are the kids who read Harry Potter, not us meddling adult Muggles.  However, if I might say so, she gets four O.W.Ls from me, simply OUTSTANDING.  :)
 I recently saw an opinion piece that compares Harry's England to 1930's Britain. Fudge is Chamberlain and Dumbledore is Churchill. It was so apt, that I was thinking he read J K's mind. And then I read book 6.<br/><br/>I still love the books, and maybe it is an allegory, but not for Churchill's Britain, but for our time. Voldemort is definately a terrorist, in fact he would BE Bin Landin if they were in the same universerse. Dumbledore is definitely  a modern leader, because while his heart is in the right place, and he makes most of the right moves, he has one character defect that can lose the war. In Dumbledore's case, he has far less people smarts, than he thinks he does. We saw that at the end of book 5 when he admitted to Harry that he should have told him the whole truth years ago. In book 6 it is his lack of people smarts that gets this book's character dead. { WARNING THIS MIGHT BE A SPOILER]} The death in book 6 leads me to believe that the reason JK has always insisted there will be no books after the next book, is because Harry dies in book 7. Remember she has the final chapter written and packed away in her attic, so if something happens to her, whoever takes over has the destination.
 From a technical standpoint, I think this is probably the most well-written so far, renewing things with fresh perspectives.  Unlike Book 5 which seemed quite strained, there isn't much drag at all in this book...of course, I hated the ending of this book too, but who didn't?  And I also thought the identity of the Prince was painfully obvious from the moment Harry first opened the book.<br/><br/>I do have some reservations as to why Snape didn't kill Harry at the end when he had the chance...this may still be an elaborate setup...or it could be because I am not that great of a supporter of killing off main characters in books, especially ones children get especially attached to.  Even still, I for one will not believe there wasn't some very elaborate setup involved here (I kept hearing a Scottish Brogue Amazing Grace in the last couple of chapters and kept thinking of Star Trek 2...I think that is another reason I don't quite buy it.) and I among with I'm sure many others, won't believe it until the very last page of book 7.<br/><br/>Despite the grief in the character development and the fact that it may be too depressing for some children, it still is a definate must-read must-own for those over fifteen or so.
 My first read through of the book left me feeling a bit hollow with the loss of an important charcter, the villainy of another, and the bleakness of the entire wizard world. I had to think about the book for awhile and then reread it. There are so many things to consider in the story!<br/><br/>From the start, the parallel between the state of affairs with the prime minister and all of the "terrorist" and "natural" disasters and the real world London underground bombings gave me chills. The Wizarding world government's sudden change of heart to take the Voldemort's return seriously also echoed the "war on terrorism" fervor. I especially laughed at the Ministry of Magic's suggestions for people to protect themselves from various possible magical attacks. The bizarre paranoia that resulted from the ludicrous suggestions hits close to home.<br/><br/>This book is excellent, but it has left me pining for the next and last in the series to answer so many questions. It is definitely not a book for little kids.
 Where to start? I was outside WH Smiths at 12.01am to get this, and I finished it in less than 24 hours. But enough of that, on to the review.<br/><br/>I really like the way the book starts off, with the Prime Minister and the introduction of the new Minister for Magic, although I'm disapointed that he doesn't play much of a role in the book. Hopefully we will see more of him in the final book.<br/><br/>The storyline with Snape was masterful, he is portrayed to be on Voldemorts side, but the reader knows of this trust that Dumbledore has towards him, which is reinforced many a time throughout the book, and it keeps you guessing all the way through. One of the books strongest aspects.<br/><br/>At the end of the day, it is impossible for me to call this book anything less than 'brilliant', Rowling is one of the finest writers of our time and the style throughout the series has never disapointed, however:<br/><br/>There is far too much 'rushing to the point' in this book, one of my favourite things about the books is that they give a good image of a year at school, and this seems to be missing. There are also too many happenings before the climatic ending, which is, as someone mentioned, far too short. The death however took me completely by surprise, but I don't think he will come back. It did sadden me though! Overall, I think more detail on several things would have made the book better.<br/><br/>To reinforce another point that someone has made, there is not enough development on things that happened/were introduced in previous books. We see nothing of Grawp until the end, we see no other giants, we don't see any Dementor attacks, there's hardly anything seen of the Ministry of Magic, we don't find out where Angelina has gone after finishing school. Also, if there are no Dementors guarding Askaban, how are the Death Eaters managing to be contained? An explanation of this is sorely lacking. Also, things that are introduced in this book are not elaborated on/used nearly enough, for example the Inferi are only showcased once, and to be honest, they are not scary, not convincing and don't add anything to the story. Fenrir Greyback is also not used well enough.<br/><br/>Overall, a great read, however, it is not the best in the series and does seem to be a somewhat 'filler' book, setting the scene for what will hopefully be an awesome seventh book.
 Good read, fun read, and a wonderful use of my time !
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is arguably one of the best books of the series. While it is not quite time for the final book, this book definitely leaves you feeling that there is much more to come. In this book, Dumbledore leaves a path for Harry to follow in his defeat of Lord Voldemort. He teaches him about horcruxes, and tells Harry his thoughts about other possible horcruxes. Horcruxes are created if one wishes to split your soul and secure it in an item. When this ocuurs, you are protected and kept alive, even if your body is destroyed. This is exactly what Voldemort did, and Harry must destory all seven horcruxes before he faces Voldemort one on one (however, two horcruxes are already destroyed.<br/>  Although it seems that this book drags on, it gives us rich and detailed information on the characters. We get to know them better, and it prepares us for the unexpected end: a major character dies in this book. It turns out that Snape has killed Dumbledore, and this has everyone wondering where Snape's true loyalty lies.<br/>  This is truly a wonderful book, but I could expect no less of a Harry Potter book.
 The main reason I have decided to review this particular Harry Potter is because it is my very favorite.  I have read all of the Harry Potters' and all are magic, but none so much as the sixth.<br/><br/>The book is basically about Harry learning about Tom Riddle, or as he is more commonly known, Voldemort.  Harry, with the help of Dumbledore attempts to defeat Tom Riddle once and for all.<br/><br/>This is a brilliant part of the Harry Potter series.  Incredible!
 I finished the 6th installment of Harry Potter this morning at 5:00am on the dot.  Then, after a few hours of fitful sleep, I got ready for work and now I am here; unable to get the book off my mind.<br/><br/>The only words to describe it are: shocking...amazing...devastating....  I just don't know what to think or say.  It was very very well written.  It was very different from any of the previous books and the ending is just, well, indescribable.<br/><br/>One of the reviews I read this morning, said they usually end with a happy or elated feeling after reading the Harry Potter books.  This is true.  However, not only did I cry profusely, but I feel this hollow ache in my chest.  Much the same as I am sure the characters are feeling.  They, as well as the readers are all in shock.  Our minds are scrambling to make sense of what has happened.  In my mind, this is the mark of an excellent writer.  J.K. Rowling has created a world and characters that draw you in, make you a part of what is happening, make you feel love and hate just as much as the characters feel it themselves.<br/><br/>I can only hope my writing can invoke the same emotions in my readers.<br/><br/>It will be very hard for me to wait out the final installment.  I hope J.K. Rowling's muse does not allow her to delay putting it all down on paper.  We need closure.  We need to know it will all work out.  At least I do.
 The 6th installment in the Harry Potter series will have its readers on the edge of their seat. Being sixteen now, Harry is faced with more difficult tasks than ever before. It is filled with magic and spells, but it also includes things that readers will be able to relate to, such as his new found feeling for Ginny Weasley. While answering some questions it also creates many more that will have to wait to be answered in the final installment of the series. It is a well written book with suspense, magic, and romance intertwined to make a fabulous installment to an already amazing series. If you like fantasy or mystery books then this book is definitely for you!
 Prior to reading HBP, I was a little surprised at how many people said they had felt hurt or betrayed by the latest installment in the Harry Potter series.  Now I see why--at some point, this series took a sharp turn from being an innocuous, fantastically cartoonish story about a kid going to magical boarding school and is now the much starker journey of an angry, bitter young man marching towards the inevitable confrontation.<br/><br/>All of the usual elements are there (Hogwarts, Harry and his friends discovering the identity of the title character, a few Quiddich matches, etc.) but they're hastily sketched in, with none of the fun and charm of the earlier Harry Potter books; the daily Hogwarts life that makes the earlier books so entertaining is absent, which is a shame.  Instead, Voldemort has gone from being a lurking menace to a fully-fledged evil presence, tainting everything in Harry's world (and by extension, tainting the reader's experience).  This is not a book for small children or anyone who has a heavy emotional investment in the lighthearted fairy-tale qualities of the earlier books of the series.  There's not a lot of pleasure or fun here anymore.<br/><br/>JK Rowling is an excellent writer, and she handles the plot well--none of which can be described without spoilers.  I just wish she'd bring back the good old days when the worst confrontation Harry ever faced was Dudley.  If the first HP book had been as dark as this one, I don't think the series would have been the worldwide sensation that it deserved to become.
 There is a certain level of credibility to be given to J. K. Rowling's creation when a small cough issuing from a framed portrait carries with it the weight of a world.  When Book Six, Harry Potter and The Half-Blood Prince, opens, we are in the Prime Minister of the UK's office.  The Prime Minister doesn't like the look of the "froglike little man wearing a long silver wig" (3) sitting in his dirty oil painting because he represents the unknown.  He is from a place where people wear pinstriped robes and careen out of fireplaces in a shroud of green flames.  But we, as readers, know this world intimately.  We know who "Who-Know-Who" is, we know the slang and the insults, about owl post and Mrs. Weasely's nine-handed clock.  We know all of this as soon as the froglike little man unrolls his piece of parchment.  This is what makes Rowling such a brilliant writer:  she knows how to focus on seemingly insignificant details and saturate them with serious importance to allow for maximum impact on the reader.<br/><br/> If we had seen the Prime Minister in the beginning of Book One, we would still have been citizens of this world.  The talking portrait would have been exciting in the same way Howlers and Quidditch are exciting:  because they are novel.  But Rowling knows this.  So she waits.  She waits until we've forgotten about the Muggle world before slipping it back in after five long books.  The Minister of Magic wouldn't go to see the Prime Minister for just any old reason, so even though Fudge doesn't express the severity of the situation in his world, we know it's severe.  We know there's a war going on, and Harry and Hogwarts are at the center of it.<br/><br/> Rowling has an uncanny ability to engage the reader in the story.  After only the first chapter of The Half-Blood Prince I was captivated.  There is a new sense of urgency in Book Six that the previous five don't possess.  The story begins late one summer night as cold mist floats past the window of the wearied Prime Minister's office.  The encroaching haze is like a shroud blanketing London; you can feel that something dark and sinister is brewing in the blackness.<br/><br/> Even though people are levitating, conjuring birds out of thin air, and carrying wands in their robe pockets, Rowling still maintains a level of realism that allows the reader to connect with the characters.  Fudge tumbles out of a marble fireplace nervously twisting his lime green bowler hat in his hands, and we aren't amused by this image, but concerned.  The Prime Minister notes, "Fudge was looking distinctly careworn.  He was thinner, balder, and grayer, and his face had a crumpled look.  The Prime Minister had seen that kind of look in politicians before, and it never boded well" (4).  With three simple sentences Rowling manages to ground the scene in the tangible world; we all have governments, we all know about politicians, and we know what it means when they can't hide their distress anymore.<br/><br/> Rowling pays the same sort of minute attention to the development of her characters.  When Harry is spying on the Slytherins from under his invisibility cloak on the Hogwarts' Express, he sees Malfoy spread across two seats with his head in Pansy Parkinson's lap.  The naturalness of this scene is startling to me.  Here I am, reading about invisibility cloaks and a place called Hogwarts, but the reality of the situation is brought back into disarming focus by the simple interplay between a boy and a girl.  That's what sixteen year-olds do:  they think and act like they are the center of the world.  A sixteen year old girl on the subway in Philadelphia would have looked just as smug as Pansy Parkinson stroking Malfoy's hair.  She would have thought, just like Pansy, that any girl would have died to be in her place.  Sixteen is the age of a different kind of sexual awakening; you're old enough to be aware of romantic connections to another person, but now you need these connections in a different and more demanding way.  You need someone in your life who understands you and listens to you and who needs you just as much as you need him or her - and you need others to know this.  You need reassurance that what's happening isn't imaginary.  And all of this is conveyed in the simple act of a hand stroking white-blonde hair off a boy's forehead.<br/><br/> Rowling's attentiveness to details was always excellent, but it's particularly pronounced in Book Six.  Connections are woven so intricately and finely throughout the book that every new moment unravels with ease.  I was pleasantly astonished when Harry admits his feelings for Ginny, but I wasn't skeptical.  Rowling set the stage for this development from the beginning of the book:  as soon as Harry is surprised and slightly offended when Ginny wanders away from him on the train to Hogwarts, I knew something bigger was brewing.  He smells Ginny's perfume in the batch of Amortentia in Slughorn's class, and grumbles all the way back from the first Hogsmeade visit because Ginny probably spent the whole time at that "haunt for happy couples," (248) Madam Puddifoot's Tea Shop.  And of course there's the thrill of Hermione and Ron's relationship.  When she sends her small flock of yellow birds to attack Ron after catching him with Lavender Brown, you can feel the electricity crackling in her bushy hair.  Hermione may be a witch, and she may have just performed an advanced piece of transfiguration, but she is still a girl who was just humiliated and betrayed acting as impetuously and viciously as anyone would in the same situation.<br/><br/> This is why, without naming names, when a pivotal character is killed at the end of The Half-Blood Prince, we believe it.  The stage has already been set in book Four when Cedric is murdered by Voldemort; I remember that tumble in my stomach when I first read about Diggory's death.  There was a little voice in my head that kept saying "He'll come back; he can't be dead," but he doesn't come back.  And he is dead.  This is how Rowling reminds us that we are still operating in the real world.  There may be magic and enchantments and curses and spells, but nothing can change the fundamental nature of life.  Death is definite and irreversible.<br/><br/> These books are fantastic, but not because they're about fantasy.  They are about real emotions, real trials of character, and real losses.  Harry is ready to choke Mundungus when he discovers Fletcher stole a goblet from Sirius's house; Harry is still dealing with Sirius's death and is looking for any excuse to release his rage.  Any person would react violently to what is essentially the grave robbing of a family member.  It's not about being a wizard capable of magical powers, but about being human.  The Prime Minister tells the new Minister of Magic, Rufus Scrimgeour, " `But for heaven's sake - you're wizards!  You can do magic!  Surely you can sort out - well - anything!' " and Scrimgeour looks at him appraisingly as he says, " `The trouble is, the other side can do magic too' " (18).  Rowling is reminding us that wherever you live and whoever you are, there will always be good and evil in the world, but you have the choice to decide which side you will fight on.
 J.K. Rowling took all, who read the sixth Harry Potter book, one huge step towards the ending of the astounding series of the Harry Potter books. This caused her readers to want more of the spine tingling details that will lead us to the breath taking ending of Harry Potter's time at Hogwarts. J.K. Rowling has the most appreciated knack for making the characters act as normal as any other person, and is still able to make the story exciting enough to have us at the edge of our seats. The book had so many unexpected twists that nobody would have thought to happen, and leaves us wanting more.<br/><br/> Harry has some struggle staying away from trouble, especially after finding the half blood prince's "Advanced Potion Making" book. He is constantly being nagged at by Hermione, who believes the "Half-Blood Prince's" advice is going to get Harry in trouble, to return it to Professor Slughorn. Where on the other hand, Ron believes the advice will get him better outcomes than those of Hermione, and tells Harry to keep it. Harry decides to ignore what his friends are telling him about the "Half-Blood Prince" and begins to wonder who it might be. He decides to spend all of his free periods trying to figure out who the "Half-Blood Prince" is.<br/><br/> Some of the strengths of the book would be the author's ability to have normal characters and an exciting story. She also had appropriate scene changes that helped us get through the story swiftly and easily. The story had a lot of details that kept us interested and wouldn't let us put the book down until we finished it. The book also had a couple of weakness that did bring my rating down just a bit. An example would be that the love connections between the characters was a bit confusing and made the book a little hard to follow and understand. Other than that, the book was amazing.<br/><br/> Dumbledore has constantly been reported absent and Harry seems to be in desperate need of Dumbledore's assistance when he is absent. Harry begins to wonder where and what it is that Dumbledore is doing, and why he's doing it so often. Harry finds that Voldemort is going to be having him a lot busier than ever. He is constantly stressed with his Apparition lessons, which have caused some defects in people's appearances. Dumbledore requested that Harry researched Voldemorts past to try and figure out what might be a couple of his weaknesses. Only the next book can complete Harry's journey through Hogwarts and give us the answer to the most asked question when speaking about the book, who will win in the battle between Harry and Voldemort.
 The word penultimate in fantasy seems to be code for taking a breather. After the near-epic nihilsm that was 'Order of the Phoenix', we the readers and the characters we love so much (especially Harry) needed a break before book 7. Granted, there are dark moments here and there in 'Half-Blood Prince', (the first 2 chapters and the climax, namely,) but Rowling wisely provides a less tense year at Hogwarts. The huge shift in tone has left me wondering how much was needed. After all, the series has been mounting tension incredibly well in books 1-5, and the increasing prose length, darkness and rage from the situations and characters seemed to reach a head the last time out.<br/><br/>I had a feeling this volume would be much more low-key, but unfortunately the magic is lessened as a result. Sure, Rowling has advanced the overall story enough and given us a few things to think about in 'Half-Blood Prince'; namely, the identity of the half-blood prince and the big murder at the end, not to mention the mysterious circumstances around said murder (if you don't know I'm not going to spoil it.) Also the horcruxes, Voldemort's past, Malfoy's behavior, and the most significant and antcipated development, the romantic stuff. But therein lies the problem--how dark can you get when nearly all the leads are falling for each other?<br/><br/>The character development in this volume is mostly handled through those flirty gossips, and it fits, except for Harry. Don't get me wrong, the boy more than deserves some happiness after what he's been through, but where's the rage and anger that made 'Phoenix' so much more effective? Harry's sudden maturity and peace is a little odd. Even at the climax of the book, he's reserved in his actions.<br/><br/>The final chapter of this volume (the best final chapter in the series) really hits all the right notes, setting the pieces in place, leaving us questioning, wondering, guessing, and hoping for what events that last year will provide.<br/><br/>Despite dozens of reviews that state it, this is NOT the darkest volume in the series thus far. That's 'Order of the Phoenix' by a mile--the best book in the series. That was such a trying year for our hero on so many levels that his sixth year had no logical place but to be a break before the expected all-out war in the concluding book. It's a problem with penultimate volumes, but necessary, and while Rowling is effective at dealing with it, it still makes 'Half-Blood Prince' one of the weaker Harry Potter books. However, I haven't lessened my great anticpation for volume 7, which will surely be one of the greatest finales in the history of any series, fantasy or not.
 Not my favorite book in the series but it still shows the excellent imagination and brilliance of JK Rowling. The humor she writes is just excellent. The mystery, sadness, the faults of people. The whole emotional range you go thru while reading her books is outstanding.
 What can I say it’s harry Potter!
 I think every book in this series has had a theme. The first book was definately Beginnings. The second book was fear. The third book was revenge. The fourth book was Friendship. The Fifth book was Anger. And this book is most definately Love. Some of those themes were weaker than others. In reality the only one's I'd really stick up or are the themes for the fifth and sixth book.<br/><br/>I've read a lot of reviews saying this book is darker. While it does have dark moments, I actually found a lot of moments where I felt light hearted and giddy. Saying that this book is perfect for teenagers such as myself would be a statement that rings quite true. A lot of romance and well...teenager love stuff happens in this book, feelings are felt that I can really relate to, and the characters have grown up, their wants and expressions have changed. This book is certainly not a kids book (How many kids books have you read containing the word Slut?). Nevertheless, expect a lot of full frontal snogging, especially around half way through, for there is a surprising amount of it. (Not at all a bad thing)<br/><br/>But is the book any good? I would say so. There weren't really any dramatic long awaited confrontations (like in the 4th book), nor were there any huge wizarding duels such as the fifth book, except for one huge battle that we see almost nothing of, as we spend our time following Harry, who is slightly preoccupied, and spends his time away from most the fighting. Nonetheless, I found the pacing quick, and the book very immersive. There weren't any character that I despised, on the contrary I found that I actually cared for near everyone in this book, as they were all likable.<br/><br/>And that is wear the book truly suceeds. Not in it's telling of the plot (Which is quite a tale in it's own right), but it's portrayal of it's characters, and the events corrosponding to their life. I found my self more interested in whether Ron and Hermione would stop teasing themselves and finally get together, than I was as to whether Harry would be able to stop voldemort. And I felt similar interests with people like Harry, Ginny, Luna, Neville, Hagrid, Dumbledore, Tonks, Bill, and more.<br/><br/>I loved this book. Like, I really loved this book. If it were a woman, I would impregnate this book. As it is, I am yearning for the 7th, which promises to show us more of the world, and give our characters move freedom then we have yet seen. Let us pray that time does not move to slow between now and then. Long awaiting it's release you can be rest assured that this book is officially my favourite of the series.
 My Harry Potter experience begins at some point when I was little.  I dont quite remembering getting the first four books, but what I barely remeber is holding the Fifth one in my hand, calling my freind lazily that I had gotten it...At this point I hadnt read ANY of the Harry Potter books...weird huh?...For some reason I bought the books but never read them.  My brother was the only one who read them in our family because our grandfather had told him about it.  So, on the night the Half-Blood Prince came out, I said to myself, Well alright...big deal, it's probally exciting to ALOT of people.  And ofcourse im ok with that!  I've seen all 3 movies!(at that point, it was three movies)  So, finally, the clock strikes 12 am..everybodies getting in line for the book, my annoying cousins being uncontrabbly annoying, and once its our turn, I got the book.  I couldnt help, even though I wasnt a Harry Potter reader yet, a exitment surging threw my body.  (At a time, I had tried to read Prisoner of Askaban, not having read the other 2, and lazily gave up.)  So, we get home(I was with my brother), and we go into to my room and my brother watches me slide the book with the others i havent read.  I just sighed inside i guess( i dont remeber) and decided...I have all these books, my brother is urging me too read.  So, I start on the Fourth book, since i alrdy have seen the movies for 1-3.  I sit on the couch, and start digging in.<br/><br/>Once, we had moved, (About a few days later) on about the second day, i had finished GOF and the duel with Voldemort was SO exciting, so intense, so addictive, I just HAD to read the fifth and find out what Harry Potter will do to protect his freinds and himself from the return of Lord Voldemort.  Finishing, the fifth one a few weeks later, I get more urge to wanting it more.  (Ofcourse, i was hooked since book four)  And I come to, finally, Half-Blood Prince.  If I were givin the chance to choose which boo kwas best, I'd say Sixth was the greatest, hands-down.  It's SO easily written, so clever.  Harry is maturing, and hes becoming more confident.  Of course, with a death in the book, I promise for NO SPOILERS.  But please, take my word when I say: once the 7th book comes out, the final intallment, Half-Blood Prince WILL NOT BE FORGOTTEN.  Of course, seventh, in my guess wil be the greatest of all Harry Potter books.  It has to be, but Half-Blood Prince, will, no matter what, be RIGHT next to it.  It's hilarious, addictive, comftrable, action pack, suspenseful, and cliff hanging at the begining to finish.  The ending will have a BIG BANG.  And when I say big bang like i say, I want it to move you forward to buy this Priceless book and chew threw it till the end.  and realize what I mean.  It's flawless.  Truly flawless.<br/><br/>I cannot call myself a true Harry Potter fan JUST yet.  But I am making it a life long dream to become one.
 All I can say is I did not expect that. I did predict a few things and this book somehow made me feel genuine hatred, sadness, and happy all at the same time.
 My wife &amp; I are both 38 years old and have read all of the Harry Potter books several times each. We purchased the first four books in paper. The fifth and sixth we bought in hardcover on the publication date. The first four books are starting to fall apart and we are picking up used hardcover when we run across them.<br/><br/>I think adults who dismiss these as children's books are missing out on something special. While I can't relate to Harry's magical powers I can relate to much of how he feels - fear, anger, curiosity, determination, love, longing, joy, frustration, confusion and elation - a real cornucopia.<br/><br/>The Half-Blood Prince actually has very little to do with the Half-Blood Prince and very much to do with the back-story of Tom Riddle and how he became Lord Voldemort. But I think the whole point of the book is that Harry grows up, both literally and figuratively. In wizard society the age of majority is 17, and the book ends just a month shy of Harry's 17th birthday. Harry's exploits are widely known and his role in the struggle between the Ministry of Magic and Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters is the subject of much speculation in the Daily Prophet. What's most striking, though, his Harry's change in attitude about himself and his role in the world between the beginning and the end of the book. Clearly he his a child and the beginning and an adult at the end. It is a transformation we all (or at least, most all) go through during some time in our lives.<br/><br/>The seventh and final book in the Harry Potter series will be about an adult and should be classified as Adult Fiction. If J. K. Rowling can write it in such a way that younger readers (9-12) can keep up, so much the better. Those of us that have been willing to read the first six books in spite of the Children's Fiction label have been rewarded with a rich world filled with interesting people, and a main character we can love as much for his humanity as his heroic deeds.
 Puzzled by the "great" reviews this last book has gotten, that is.  Before I am shredded to death by Sectumsempra curses, let me say that the last 100 pages are indeed great, and that I actually cried, I was so affected.  However, I found the rest of the book droned on and on about who was "snogging" whom, and it all seemed more like High School Confessional than Harry Potter.  All of the tantalizing references to the Half-Blood Prince, the attacks of the Death-Eaters and the necessity of destroying seven horcruxes are vaporously woven through pages and pages about the typical love lives of 16-year-olds.  Whereas Harry's childhood has been intriguing in its uniqueness, Harry's adolescence is stultifyingly average.  The most interesting part of the book (before the last adventure) is Harry's trips with Dumbledore into the pensieve.  I would say you shouldn't miss this book because 1) it leads to the last book; and 2) the last 100 pages are absolutely worth the price of the book and the time spent reading the first 550 pages.  But don't listen to me - I didn't like the last movie much either.  Read it and make up your own minds - even if you've got a pensieve, it's best not to think someone else's thoughts.
 I love the Harry Potter series, but I was very disappointed in this book. The first 500 pages drag on, the whole time you are waiting for something big to happen, and it does. But, the wait is too long and the climax you waited for isn't what you wanted. Afterwards, you have a sour taste in your mouth and become frustrated at the direction Rowling has taken with the characters you care so much about.<br/><br/>I will now relate some of the major plot holes I had with the book. Perhaps some of them will be explained in Book 7, but that's not good enough. In the best book series, the individual books are able to stand on their own, independent of the others, but seamlessly interwoven. Thus, the plot holes that end this book are inexusable.<br/><br/>The book is interesting, and at its best moments you won't be able to put it down, but it's not as fun as they other books, and that's what really matters in the end.<br/><br/>(...)
 I love all the Harry Potter books
 Although I think this is not Rowling's best Harry Potter installment, I will say that it has some interesting ideas and good set-up for the final book.<br/><br/>The story moves quickly, and you find yourself deep in Harry's world once again.  The story doesn't focus so much on the classes, but, let's face it...we all want to know what's going on with "He Who Shall Not Be Named"...not what Harry learned in Transfiguration, right?<br/><br/>Character development is not up to par with what one might expect.  There are new characters introduced that you think will be elaborated on, but are not...and some old characters return who you may want to get to know further, but can't, but that is not to say that you won't learn anything new about characters we all love. And, yes, some of the characters start flirting and falling in "love," but, in all honesty, they're 15-16 year olds...what do you expect? ;)<br/><br/>Some critics may think Rowling leaves her readers hanging, but her die hard fans will look beyond this and see that this is an elaborate tale, rooted deep in the wizarding world we all have grown to know and almost feel at home in.<br/><br/>Overall, I thought the book was entertaining and interesting.  Much, much darker than her other books, and, based on the end, it seems the seventh book will continue on that path.<br/><br/>I anxiously await the final journey of Harry, Ron and Hermione.  I think all of us, even skeptics of this sixth book, wonder exactly how this all will end.
 The storyline of the book is really good and adventurous, and there is lots of suspense and mystery in the book. One thing I do not like about the book though, is that about half the book takes place in riddles memories, which is boring. So overall, not my favorite HP book, but still an okay book.
 Having just finished reading the book (without looking into a great amount of detail), my initial impression is that- whilst the sixth installment in the series was worth the wait- the plotline of the book seemed slightly rushed, with only a few chapters that seemed of great significance (the ending chapters and perhaps several of the opening chapters, certainly), and did not answer as many questions as readers presumably hoped for (indeed, it left many more in its wake). It didn't really exceed my expectations on that account.<br/><br/>I did enjoy the book, however (hence the four stars- the bad points only knocked one star off the rating, and also the fact that whilst it lived up to my expectations, it didn't exceed them) and was pleased with it overall- though the story only seemed to advance the plot of the series slightly, the matters that it delved into were interesting, the characters certainly advanced in maturity (Harry being the most noticeable- the angry, moody Harry of Order of the Phoenix is slowly fading, and in his place is gradually appearing someone who can control his emotions and who has the potential to be a leader in difficult times), and the few answers revealed were useful (whether they were the true answers or not goes down to speculation). I still consider it a good addition to the series, although definitely not my favourite book out of them all (either PoA or OotP would be in that place). I liked the way some of the characters were portrayed in a new light, too (Draco, for example), and the quality of writing was still good, albeit with darker themes. But now for some criticism- not intended to be seen as complaints, but simply my thoughts as to what was not so good about the book...<br/><br/>The almost rushed feel that the plot had wasn't one of the book's good points- it went very abruptly from one point to the next, with little dwelling on matters which could have been considered important, and with perhaps too much on Malfoy's actions. There was an almost aloof feeling as you read through the book, although the last chapters were good and engaging- the death at the end, whilst expected by me, being quite a blow to Harry and no doubt a large number of readers.<br/><br/>I felt that there was too big a focus/emphasis on romance, though it is indeed understandable for his age (the way that Harry's newest love interest was presented didn't seem as good as how his crush on Cho was, too). Some things made no sense, with possibly the same ideas being used again and new characters being introduced suddenly and perhaps for little reason, though they could have a part to play in book seven.<br/><br/>The Half Blood Prince did not have much significance as the Half Blood Prince (though they did as a person), which was slightly disappointing. However, it was not a wholly pointless subplot, so it doesn't deserve to be condemned.<br/><br/>I also hope (saying what I can without giving too much away) that there is more to the apparent traitor's incriminating actions than there seems at the moment- that seemed somewhat sudden, too (he/she suddenly seemed to have abandoned the concept of rational thought and to loathe Dumbledore on an impulse- though that look of revulsion could be interpreted differently)- and that Dumbledore's reasons to trust that person are more meaningful and have more of a... well, reason. The reason put forth so far seems based on little- it makes Dumbledore seem somewhat naive, even. He may have his flaws- but surely he has a great amount of wisdom too, and would therefore require more proof? Incidentally... is the betrayer really a true one? It would be good if the reasons behind his/her actions were revealed.<br/><br/>Hopefully book seven will answer these questions... it's going to be a long wait, and a lot of speculation; I will say again that Half Blood Prince did not seem to answer as many mysteries as it revealed, with no great advance to the story (the death and such aside). This did not, however, detract from the book's value, both as part of the series and as a good read.<br/><br/>However, that could be the entire purpose of Half Blood Prince- a painful, darker, but necessary stepping stone towards the grand ending. Who knows- maybe there are reasons for some of these seemingly pointless things? And answers? I hope so. (I'm probably repeating myself- I apologise). Overall, I most definitely enjoyed it- and already I can't wait for the finale.
 'Half-Blood Prince' has some positive aspects, but in my opinion the negative aspects far outweighed these, and I am sorry to say that it was my least favorite book in the series so far. Rowling seemed to tire of keeping up with her many storylines, as some of them mysteriously disappeared within this book with no explanation (such as the D.A., S.P.E.W., and mourning over Sirius's death). Some characters who were becoming important in the 5th book suddenly seemed to serve no purpose, such as Luna Lovegood and Neville Longbottom, while others, such as Ginny Weasley, were thrown into a prominence unfitting their development throughout the previous books. At times I felt that Rowling was going through a checklist, showing us the people and things she felt were obligatory to include in the book but which she wasn't quite sure how to make use of. I found this puzzling in a book which Rowling said she had carefully planned out months beforehand.<br/><br/>The romances, which comprised a relatively large part of the story, were poorly executed. The Harry/Ginny relationship had no real buildup and instilled little emotional investment in the reader due to two things: one is the fact that while we were TOLD that Harry liked talking to her, we were never able to witness any real, meaningful conversation between the two (Rowling forgot the important rule of 'show, don't tell'), and the second is Ginny's badly executed character development. After 5 books of Rowling hiding her from the reader (presumably to hide Harry's feelings for her), she is suddenly thrown into the spotlight as a fun, fiesty, gorgeous (every man in the book seems to be drooling over her or commenting on her looks, which is a complete turn-off for the reader) girl, and given previous books this seemed ridiculous. Ginny also seems to have a knack for being impatient, insulting others and generally being an obnoxious character. Their break-up scene at the end seemed dry due to the reader's lack of emotional investment.<br/><br/>Harry, Ron, Hermione and Dumbledore also underwent some inexplicable character changes. And given that the story of book 6 begins only a couple of weeks after that of book 5, some changes are unbelievable (how can Harry suddenly grow a foot taller?) or too sudden (where is the mourning over Sirius, who'd just died?). Questions over large and small plot details like these abound in the reader's mind after reading this book. Too many holes, not enough time to resolve them all in just one more book. I wish J.K. Rowling luck.
 Rowling's sixth book of the Harry Potter series is full of intense trials and tribulations that kept me extremely entertained throughout the entire novel.  Right out of the gate, readers find out that Snape is teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts, immediately causing a characteristic conflict in the life of Harry Potter.  Also, Harry begins to stalk the mysterious Draco Malfoy to find out if he is a Death Eater like his father.  This quest always left me hanging dangerously close to the edge of my seat.  Good old plot twists also occur in the sixth book just as they did in many of the other novels of the series.  For example, a devastating death occurs, and you will have to read the book to find out the culprit of said death. The ending is great and leaves a lot unanswered to keep it interesting.  I struggled to set this book down after picking it up, so I would definitely suggest reading Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince.
 I have been a huge Harry Potter fan for years: I have read all of the previous five books and seen all of the movies. While I have tremendously enjoyed reading all of them, I was a touch uneasy by the continual darkening of the story. The inncocent, happy Harry of Book 1 is no longer around when we reach Book 5.<br/><br/>Therefore, I was a little worried about what the Half-Blood Prince might bring.<br/><br/>I loved this book - it is a quick and fun read (it is a children's book, after all). Like the previous novels, you won't be able to put it down. It further explores Harry Potter mythology without all the "carve-words-in-to-your-hand-while-in-detention" darkness.<br/><br/>Now begins the long wait for Book 7...
 In this story, Harry puts a lot of trust into his friends when he tells them about the special task that Dumbledore has assigned him.  I think that expresses the theme of this book because Harry is relying on his friends that they will give their all and stay with him until the very end of this one, very special task.<br/>Also, Dumbledore is trusting Harry by assigning him to this task, which could lead to the end of this very important war on Voldemort.<br/><br/>I think a quote that Dumbledore said expresses the theme of being responsible with the burden of the tasks that others have set upon you.  "Go and wake Severus," said Dumbledore faintly but clearly. "Tell<br/>Him what has happened and bring him to me. Do nothing else, speak to nobody else, and do not remove your cloak. I shall wait here."  I thought this quote demonstrates this theme by the task that Dumbledore has set before Harry, and the burden of this life or death job of Harry's.
 I am a 50 year old woman who swore she would never enjoy reading a book about a 11 year old "wizard".  Boy was I wrong!  Love the books!
 Excellent Harry Potter book!
 Seeing Harry come of age and the relationships blossom just warmed my soul! I know what’s coming in the next one, but it won’t beat this.
 This is one of the best book series I've ever read! I didn't read them as a kid. I'm now 32 and saw them in the book store, I decided to give the first book a try.  I was hooked, I read the whole series in about a month. This is one of the best of the seven. there all worth checking out.
 I have read all of the books, which is an imperative prerequisite before embarking upon this, the most recent book.  The storyline is taken to new heights in this volume, bring back all of your favorite characters, ghosts, and Muggles.<br/><br/>I am sure that you have heard that there are serious plot developments in this, Harry's second to last year at Hogwarts, and I will not reveal them in this review.  It suffices to say that Rowling has remained faithful in developing her characters, and their connection to the reader is deepened as they grow and mature in this novel.<br/><br/>I really enjoyed this book and am looking forward to the conclusion of the series.
 I am at a loss for words.  I am both amazed and frustrated after having read all of Half-Blood Prince in one sitting.  I have, in little over fourteen hours, followed Harry as he made his way through yet another year at Hogwarts.  I just could not put the book down and I was not disappointed by one single page.  After six books and many more years I was elated to see Harry finally become romantically involved with exactly the character I thought he would when I first read about her all those years ago.  I watched as he matured and grew into a strong and honorable young man.  I saw couples other then Harry begin to form and was surprised by the strength of some and the stubbornness of others.  When the last page grew near I was crushed by the loss of a favored character and the possibility that Harry's time at Hogwarts could be over all too soon.  I can honestly say that this is one of the best books I have ever read and I will recommend it to you and to everyone I know.<br/><br/>If Mrs. Rowling is reading this then I can only pray that she hurries and finishes the next book.  If ever there was a book that made the characters feel so much like friends and family that a reader can not bear to be without them for too long, these are the books.<br/><br/>And please let her wait for him until he finishes his business?
 The book I am reviewing is Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince by J.K. Rowling. Harry Potter is one of the most well known books and movies. The Harry Potter books are now up to 6 and still as  popular as ever. I think this book is terrific and very exciting so I gave it five stars.<br/><br/>This book is about a wizard named Harry who finds a mysterious potions book that belongs to the half blood prince. In this book Harry and Dumbledore (the schools head master) look for horcruxes that belonged to the evil wizard Lord Voldemort. Harry faces small problems such as his friends fighting and much bigger problems like getting the horcruxes. If you want to know any more about this book, you will have to read it. I would recommend this book to anyone because it is so great. Other books written by J.K. Rowling are the The Sorcerer's Stone, The Chamber of Secrets and The Prisoner of Azkaban.
 Rowling has again scribed a classic.  Number 6 is brilliant... with imaginative characters and a mysterious plot.<br/><br/>These 653 pages (hardback) arrived from amazon.com three days ago and no one's been able to put it down.  It came in it's own box and warning tape!  After opening it (yes, after midnight on the 16th), the book can't be put down!<br/><br/>Folks everywhere are reading "The Half-Blood Prince": at the pool, airport, and on the bus.  This text is very recommendable for everyone.  Quick, get a copy before they're all gone.<br/><br/>Can't wait for number 7!
 Can I state that this book is not on the level of the others in the series and still convey utmost respect for Rowling?  After all, she has created an amazing world I have willingly returned to time and again.  So, I say with all due respect that this book is the one she had to write in order to get to the last one. Rowling is a brilliant and gifted storyteller; Book 6 sets up the changes she knows must occur if the story is to continue to charm her readers. Read it, and take pleasure in once again hanging around with Harry, Ron, and Hermione.  Go home to Hogwarts, like a college student home on break, and realize that, while there is comfort in familiarity, you are outgrowing the place. Be prepared for shocks both small and large, for the compassion you will feel for someone you have always despised, for the unwillingness to believe bad things of someone who, against your better judgement, you have come to believe might not be all bad. Be prepared to shout, "Say it isn't so!"  Read the last chapter and admire Rowling's writing; it shines there like no other place in the book.<br/><br/>I place this book squarely in the middle of the series.  I can best support my 3-star rating by using the terms of love affairs.  After "dating" the first two books, PRISONER OF AZKABAN is the one I fell for, my first love, and it will, therefore, always hold a special place in my heart.  GOBLET OF FIRE, while different and exciting in its own way, was my rebound book. ORDER OF THE PHOENIX reignited the fire initially lit by AZKABAN and took it to new levels; the book moved beyond the sweetness and nostalgia I felt for AZKABAN and stirred up new emotions. I was in love again!  In comparison to PHOENIX, THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE has left me unsatisfied.  In fact, had I not experienced the great "relationships" with AZKABAN and PHOENIX, I might be tempted to give up on love.  But, the memories of these two books give me hope,  and so I eagerly await Book 7 and hope it turns out to be the one I want to marry.
 I absolutely love this book. I can’t wait to read the next one. It’s sad...but I couldn’t put it down.
 First of first. I love the Harry Potter series ever since the first movie came out and i told myself, "This is a good movie, maybe the books will be better." So i read them. Boy were the books majorlly better. The movies are good but they havent captured what the books do. MAGIC. Now i find myself at midnight openings for book 5 and 6 to come out. I will most definitly be there when the seventh and final book is released.<br/><br/>On to my review, many reviewers here have given this book a one star review for many ignorant reasons.<br/><br/>Some claim that this series is evil. I assure you the first 6 chapters in any book, that will show your ignorance of how you think that any books involving magic or witch craft is totally satanic and should be barred from our libraries. If i recall wasnt it Gandalf the Grey battling the Balrog, the demon of the underworld, in the book Fellowship of the Ring. Of course no one says anything about Lord of the Rings because its got action. Lord of the Rings is a great series, nor am i saying its satanic either. Im just trying to say that people will do almost anything to bash something they have not even attempted to read or for the matter picked up from the shelves.<br/><br/>The first chapter in this book shows you very much that this is not a one star book and should not be treated as such because of ignorant people with their pride. Honestly people give the series a chance and then make your final judgement.<br/><br/>Review: The Half Blood Prince is easily the cliffhanger onto Harry Potter 7. I believe that this book is the begining of the end of the series. The climax is coming and J.K. is preparing us for it. No one is here to protect Harry anymore. That is why the deaths in part 5 and 6 happen, Harry must fight Voldemort alone. Speaking of Voldemort, we finally get to hear more about him. We learn his background before he was born. That is the key to this book, the information J.K. Rowling is giving to us. They will play a huge role in the last book.<br/><br/>All in all Half Blood Prince is a book that will be misunderstood until the last book comes. When we have the final book in our hands we will look back and say, "O thats why she did this and this." Half Blood Prince leads into what will happen in the end. The Harry Potter series will go on to be one of the greatest series of all time. Say what you say, if you could tell me another series that have had people waiting outside of BOOKSTORES, for the next book to come out, please tell me. Tell me what other series has had people outside of movie theatres waiting for the next movie to come out. Never in history will you find that. Dont judge something you have never read people. Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince 5/5.
 Out of all the Harry Potter books and movie, this one is the most different from the movie and way better.  They left so many important things out of the movie.
 I have long been a potter fan, but I tend to think this one is the best yet. Gosh Rowling when will we get the last one?<br/><br/>Rowlings has moved on from the overwhelming "angst stuff" in her last book, gotten a better editor, and the potter characters appear close to adulthood.<br/><br/>One of the things I really wonder about though are the kids who really loves the potter books. Rowlings spans such an immense age jump with these 6 books, and I am sure the last book potter will actually be an adult. It will be harder for the younger kids of 10 - 12 yrs old who gets caught into the first books to really yet take in these last books.<br/><br/>That said the "half blood prince" gets an O for outstanding! We have seen some of the famous british humor in Rowlings prior books, but in this one it comes roaring out with lots of funny cheek and lines. I will have to read the book a few times over just to remember those.<br/><br/>The kids grow up under our noses. They fall inlove and do plenty of snogging. There is a war going on, there are alliances being formed or broken. There are suspicions, trust, deep caring, and trust broken.  The relationship between potter and Dumbledore gets developed.<br/><br/>To me, there is a deeply important lesson in this book. The lesson that adults - and sometimes children - cannot expect those who love them to protect them. We all have to go out there, meet our life and our destiny with a raised head no matter how terrifying, painful or wonderful it might be.<br/><br/>Potter learns this and he takes it to heart. Maybe the young people, or not so young people, who reads this last book will learn it or be reminded of it as well. I sure did.<br/><br/>Great Book. Thank you so much Rowlings for soaring once again to new literary heights.
 Obviously it's impossible to give anything concerning Harry Potter less than a four and people looking for a quick fix to tide them over until the last installment won't be disappointed. However, in all honestly, book six does not live up to its predecessors. Let's face it: we all went into this book with a strong suspicion about a. who would die b. who the half-blood prince was. We were right. The connection may surprise you, but it's over so quickly and the reactions of the other characters are unbelievably bland and unconvincing. The quality of the writing itself has deteriorated along side J.K. Rowling's desire to present an intriguing plot. Often I found it hard to ignore the rudimentary form the dialouge was presented in: '"Oh no!" said Harry comma shocked. "I'm afraid it's true," said Dumbledore comma sadly.' The exchanges hardly pulled me in, nor did anything else in the blind rush towards the end, with almost nothing significant happening for 600 pages. What does take place is not elaborated upon enough to make it interesting; those two are together. Oh, they've broken up. Now they're together. Oh, I guess they aren't anymore. Etc. In the interest of not giving anything away, I'll simply say that although this book serves its function as a stepping stone well enough, there is nothing particularly outstanding about it.
 I am hereby assured that, if any intellectuals were actually taking my reviews the least bit seriously, they wouldn't be anymore. I think the intelligentsia is simply wrong about Rowling. Her publisher-induced superstar success and the disturbing unwholesomeness of "Pottermania" (a phenomenon that has led 50-year-old women to write schlocky, erotic fan-fiction about Snape) have blinded Harry's detractors from seeing that, underneath the phallic aura of billion-dollar film contracts, Rowling has passion and imagination. The writing is mediocre and, as each successive tome gets longer, someone needs to muzzle her editor, but Harry's story is the definitive story of the of the 9/11 Generation. In Rowling's wizarding world, the government is too corrupt and self-indulgent to stop the return of a totalitarian evil wizard and the children are morally compelled to rebel against authority and think for themselves. The tales are whimsically postmodern with a slight whiff of faith in the face of our era's cynicism and mindless conformity.
 I have been a diehard Potter fan since i was in the seventh grade. i am now a sophmore in college and have been waiting for ms Rowling to wrap up the series for years. it seem that since we are one step closer to the end of the saga she has lost that potter magic. maybe she felt pressure to continue the series in a timely manner seeing that there was a three year wait in between book five and book six. but this book seems rushed, i have no clue how she is going to tie up the loose ends in a satisfying way for book seven. it seems even if the book is a thousand pages long there wil still be questions to answered.<br/><br/>however the were good things about half blood prince that keep me reading the whole mystery with is snape good or bad, and the pensive trips that dumbledore and harry took to learn about voldemorts past, however from the previous books we can kind of get the jist about that. the romance between ron and hermionie got a little trying after a while, but the hook up between harry and ginny was interesting.<br/><br/>however the thing i have the most problems with (spoiler Alert) is how the characters reacted to dumbledores death. i expected a much more emotional reaction from everyone, seeing as the only wizard the voledemort feared is dead. even harry, who should have had the strongest reaction considering the last of is great protectors is gone should be deveastated. i myself could not hardly read the part about his furneral for crying.<br/><br/>considering the foreshadowing for the seventh and final book the future looks bleak for harry, he will soon come of age and the protection he have at the durslys will be gone. he seems not to be returning to hogwarts for his final year, if there is a school to come back to, and he is going to go back to the beginning to learn more about his past.<br/><br/>over all this book was not all that bad just a little rushed. I just hope for the fans sake that Ms Rowling will live up to the expectations for the final installment
 Harry Potter and The Half-Blood Prince, a great continuation of J.K. Rowling's five other Harry Potter series, tells the story of a present day 16 year old wizard, Harry Potter, and his magical adventures with his too best friends, Ron and Hermione, at their wizarding school, Hogwarts in England. One adventure in particular for Harry is trying to find a way to conquer the most evil wizard of all time, Lord Voldemort. " Some are going so far as to call Potter `The Chosen One' believing that the prophecy names him as the only one who will be able to rid us of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named." p. 39. As I read this book I was filled with questions about what will happen next, keeping me quite alert for what is to come. But don't worry, all your questions will be answered at the end of the book with a surprise twist that nobody could see coming.<br/><br/>If you've read the other Harry Potter books, you will have already noticed the genre in which Harry Potter lies. The past books have been a mix of fantasy/fiction, action, and mystery. Harry Potter and The Half-Blood Prince is not only all of these genres, but it is also mixed in with some romance. J.K. Rowling does such a phenomenal job blending all four of these genres into one book, but that isn't the only good thing Rowling has done. The flashbacks in the book are so well done that just by reading it, it feels as though you've time traveled back with the rest of the characters in Harry Potter.<br/><br/>I would recommend Harry Potter and The Half-Blood Prince for both genders sixth grade to adults. I think sixth grade is a good age to start this book because it is a very long book consisting of about 600 pages. Why else should you read this book and not others of the same genre or a different author? Its obvious, this book is full of action, adventure, magic, and fun! J.K. Rowling truly captures the reader with her interesting ways of writing and takes them through the wondrous world of Harry Potter. So read it today to find out how great this book truly is!
 This book continues the great series of Harry Potter. But somehow the book isn't quite fulfilling. I anxiously await how J.K. Rowling will fix the ending of the sixth book. The "I can't go back" idea is just a reflection of Lord of the Rings where Frodo refuses to go back to the Shire. But it definitely is better than Harry's dumb blind anger in the fifth book.<br/><br/>There were so many clever parts to the story, one of which was all the girls in love with Harry. My sister can't get over that part.<br/><br/>Plots develop and the story gets deeper and darker. But at the clever storylines, I found myself "laughing my head off". Luckily, I didn't lose my head, but I did get down to Nearly Headless Nick level.<br/><br/>The only thing that really stinks up the book is the "Chosen one", "Prophecy Kid" idea. That's about as overused as the princess being kidnapped in video games.<br/><br/>But all in all, it builds suspense and makes you think: "WHERE'S BOOK SEVEN?" I can't see why J.K. won't release it!  She wrote all the books already. But it does make you buy the book immediately when it comes out.<br/><br/>Read it; you won't regret it.<br/><br/>THIS IS A SPOILER-- DON'T READ UNLESS YOU'VE READ THE BOOK ENTIRELY--  TO THE FINISH<br/><br/>Dumbledore dying had to be done. Harry can't have the uber-wizard around him all the time. I mean, Harry's the main character, right? He has to finish off You-Know-Who. (I fear to speak his name). Deal with it!
 I wish I could give this book five stars, since Snape has always been my favorite character and of course he's the "half-blood Prince" of the title, but I found the book really dragged in places. Maybe it's because I read all the Harry Potter books as an adult, but I could have done with a little less teenage angst and a little more about Snape, Voldemort, and the other parts of the wizard world that seem so fascinating. I also think you start to see the beginnings of the bloat that was really evident in Book 7 in this book as well. It probably could have had chunks of it edited out, and nobody would have known the difference. Still, Ms. Rowling knows how to tell a compelling story, and despite its (minor) shortcomings, HBP kept me turning the pages.
 I like a lot of people could not wait until the morning of so I waited at a midnight party for the book sale.  As soon as I got home I started reading it, and finished the book in less than two days.  This book was absolutely amazing as are all of J.K. Rowling's books to date.  This book would have to be my favorite.  The plot came together so well and it left you wanting more.  When I finished this book I went back and started at book one and read all the way back up to book six just trying to see if there is any way to tell where she might be going with things.  I'm sure there is but until the next book comes out you and I won't know.  I would have to say this book is for anyone.  It gives you imagination.  Also think of all the time children won't be spending watching TV when they are reading these books.  Great job J.K.!!!!
 This is the most emotional book of HP so far. In the first till third, you got adventure, and it got darken to terror; then in the fourth, you got a hell of competitions and a friend's death; with the fifth, the gathering and a tragic, shocking end while in this sixth, it got indeed very dark and emotional with more tragic death than the last one and the turning point of Harry's battle with Voldemort. This whole thing made it hard to guess what will the seventh book bring.<br/><br/>Many questions about Voldemort's parents answered and the suspected would reveal himself, cold hearted. And the Half-Blood Prince? Read and be astounded.<br/><br/>It was so exhalarating, surprising and moving. Worth the time and the effort to carry the heavy book everywhere I went :)
 I enjoyed this book. It does not have the action of her previous novels, but I enjoyed the interactions of the now teenage wizards. I do not understand why anyone would think this is a rip-off of anything Lord of the Rings, unless this is the obscure 'Lord of the Rings: the Puberty Years'. I was also shocked to read that someone was surprised by Harry's new love interest. I thought it was obvious novels ago, although not as blatant as Hermione and Ron. Haven't you noticed she has been slowly getting cooler? Like she can play Quidditch, is funny, and boys think she is hot.<br/><br/>I look forward to the final book in the serious, but I am sad to think there is no 7th year at Hogwart's. Who would be Head Boy? What happens at graduation? Perhaps we will never know.<br/><br/>Cheers!
 Rowling is back in form with Harry Potter and his fully-realized world.  It's a good read.  Some of the tale bogs down with the amount of back-story put in, clearly, to set up the last and final installment.  However, more light is shed on some key characters, although I would have preferred to see more of two of my favorite characters, Lupin and McGonnagal. Harry himself had matured somewhat from the last book in which he displayed a rather tiresome amount of adolescent temper. The biggest complaint from fans of the series will be the delay in receiving the final book.
 “Nitwit,” “oddment,” “blubber,” and “tweak.” My favorite Harry Potter book by far!!! Now, onto the last! Definitely recommend! And I hate that there’s a 20 word minimum grrrr
 This book was as good as everyone says. Possibly one of the top two in the series.<br/><br/>Everything starts to come full circle and Mrs. Rowling begins to excitedly place the pieces for the final book. Unlike most penultimate books though, she doesn't take her foot off the pedal to make things easier, instead Harry and friends are steaming down the track, pieces are flying off, people are screaming, and it will all be over soon.
 Many things happen in this book.  I notice the series get darker and darker.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince starts out with an ominous scene that, throughout the book, we must wonder about, as to whether it will lead to the certainties that will finally settle our doubts. J.K. Rowling does well at setting up situations that foster doubts, even as the problems in the book get more awful, and things we may or may not have expected pan out, whether to the vindication of our theories or not. A maddening book in that respect, the book is a feast of growing dread, a horror of lost youth, a sobering tome of feats, and unrelentingly pays bittersweet joy and sadness to its readers. J.K. Rowling trusts her readers to understand.
 Good book<br/>Great read<br/>You'll love it, i know i did and can't wait to read the conclusion off the series. I saw the movies first, but the books have so much more weight to them. JK does a great job
 Couldn’t put it down! Love it as much as the first.
 This is the the first Harry Potter book I'm reading. I wanted to see what all the hype was about. I came with fairly low expectations. I was big on Lord of the Rings, Conan the Barbarian, and Heinlein books as a kid, so am familiar with this genre. Anyway, I was very surprised to see what a brilliant word-smith Rowling is. This book is what it is -- a chidren's book -- and rating it as such easily gives it 5 stars. I can understand how some readers expected certain things, but for me it is masterful writing and editing. That writing expertise powers the depth of her world, the imagery, and keeps the page turning. I would have devoured this stuff when younger, and will certainly read this to my kids when they are old enough.
 J.K. Rowling is weaving a very interesting web. I've read all the books more than once (read this one only twice so far) not just because I am a rabid fan (which I am,) but because if you pay attention, you begin to apreciate how well planned this series is.<br/><br/>All of these clues don't make future books predictable, but fun to read and find out if you solved the puzzle correctly. Now, I'm going to get into something that is a major spoiler. But first, since this is a review, I feel I should give at least two sentances of a real review instead of just gushing how great this book is and not saying why (as most amazon reviewers do).<br/><br/>It's great to see the characters evolve and interesting to see how things turn out. There are still surprises, thrills, chills, and heart breaking moments. Aslo a moment where you will say "What the crap?!" It just goes to show you how good an author Rowling is, when you realize how attatched you've grown to her characters and world.<br/><br/>(...)
 Unlike many, I am here to give my honest, critical view on this book. I believe liking a book or not is simply on the basis of opinion. I understand that some people don't like this book and some do. It is perfectly natural.<br/><br/> Having read this book, `Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince', I will try as hard as I can to be really candid. But first, let me take you down my memory lane, giving you my opinions on the previous books before this one, and finally, my verdict on the `half-blood prince'.<br/><br/> Harry Potter's adventure began in the Sorcerer's Stone, which I found rather childish. It was a good book, nevertheless, but it was in a way ridiculous.<br/><br/> Why?<br/><br/> I found the idea of Voldemort's evil persona laughable. This was a villain whose name couldn't be spoken out by virtually everyone in Harry's world, and to me, he sounded rather dense for a person regarded with such fear (in any way, I always reminded myself that it was a children's book). But what I loved about the first book was its humour. `Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone' was extremely funny. Every character was intriguing, even Voldemort (though he wasn't as evil as he was supposed to be known as - at least, to me).<br/><br/> `The Chamber of Secrets' was my worse in the series. I think it was because of the movie - it ruined everything for me, as I watched it before reading the book. Now, listen before you jump the gun. I read Chamber and was intrigued by it (like who wouldn't?), but I judged it based on its re-readable value. Whereas I could read `Sorcerer' more times than I could imagine, `Chamber' tasted sour after about 4 attempts. It wasn't as funny as `Sorcerer', but the plot was thicker - more serious.<br/><br/> Then came `Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban', which a lot of Potter fans claim is the best of the rest. Well, for me, I totally disagree. It was a lot better than Chamber - the plot-twists were much more reinforced, the humour was apparent, and the darkness was present as well. At the time of its release, it was (yes) the best, but not anymore.<br/><br/> The adventures of Harry continued in `The Goblet of Fire', a darker book compared to the others because for the first time we got a closer glimpse at the true Voldemort and a murder in the first chapter. I loved this book because the characters had started to show signs of maturity, and I fully appreciated Voldemort being tagged as `you-know-who'. This was the Voldemort I had wanted to see in the Sorcerer's Stone, and I was greatly delighted. Plus, the book was massive, adding more fun to it.<br/><br/> After a long while (2 years), `The Order of the Phoenix' arrived as a much anticipated and long-awaited, breaking more records than any one could ever imagine. I wasn't surprised. But with it came a lot of criticism from fans, both old and young. Everybody seemed to be screaming and grumbling about how angry Harry was, how long the book was, and how Rowling didn't care about the Potter series any more. I thought- and still do- these people were simply pathetic and I realised they were the sort of people that always wanted to live in fantasies where the world remained what they expected it to be (If you are one of these people, then I apologise. But, like I said, this is MY opinion - like it or not).<br/><br/>I want you to ponder on this: imagine if you found out at an early age that a man had tried (and failed) to kill you - a man feared by everyone including your government, so much that they were unable to pronounce his name, even quivering at the mere mention of the villain's name. Imagine if this man was hunting you still. How would you feel? How would you act? Frankly, this was one of the reasons I never liked the previous Potter books until Phoenix. I thought it was dull for Harry to be so relaxed (Dumbledore or no Dumbledore) when the most dangerous man in the magic world was on the chase maim him. In the fifth `Potter' book, Harry realised true fear. Finally, he knew what it was like to be sought after by a mad man, and he was frustrated even more that nobody seemed to be taking him too seriously. I would have done worse.<br/><br/> Now, the Half-Blood Prince.<br/><br/> To me, this book is the best in the series. My reasons are: it combines every element of the previous Potter books. Harry, in this book, reminded me of the Harry I first met in Sorcerer - funny and outgoing. But better still he was a lot more matured. The friendship between Harry, Hermione, and Ron was really intensified (there were little arguments, and even when there was one, it was well deserved), and the drama of boy-girl relationships was really fun to read. But with all that lay the dread, fear, and suspense- Malfoy, Snape, Voldemort, and, of course, the formable Half-blood Prince. There was both twist and imagination in this book (I loved the way Rowling brought out clues from previous Potter books and combined them into a gratifying, thrilling result in this new book). Dumbledore and Harry spent a lot of time together, and for the first time since the series, Rowling showed us how very human Dumbledore was (she always seemed to portray him as this immortal man with the power of ten thousand gods in every other book, which I found to be very fake). And more, we found out a lot about the prophecy (which, in my opinion, was really weak and a waste in Phoenix). We were again faced with the crucial words spoken by Dumbledore himself: "an old man's mistakes..." and we saw the consequence of those dreadful words.<br/><br/> Some reviewers complained that there wasn't really any battle or plot or Voldemort, and because of these absences, the book turned out to be bad. I strongly disagree - but of course, this is my opinion.<br/><br/> It was a good thing Voldemort failed to appear in this book and in most of the other books, because if he did and failed to kill Harry (because he would have, considering it isn't the last book yet), then that would just make him appear very, very feeble. Voldemort is supposed to be the ultimate bad-guy, the last dark one. Villains like him never appeared unceremoniously at every second.<br/><br/> And yes, there was a plot, and a fantastic one for that matter. The aim of this book was to give an insight on Voldemort and HOW to beat him. Voldemort is immortal, but Dumbledore wanted to find out how he became so with the hope that he and Harry would be able to find a way to reverse the process, hence making the dark lord mortal and susceptible to death (You do know Voldemort has to be mortal to die, right?)<br/><br/> `Harry Potter and the Half-blood Prince' is, without question, the darkest of all the `Potter' books, the most intriguing, thrill inspiring, and very, very entertaining. Rowling really put a lot into this, and I came to respect her imaginative power even more.<br/><br/>I'll be 22 when the final `Potter' book will be published and I'm patiently waiting for it. I've never respected Harry. I always thought he got away with death and every other thing because he had powerful people around him. Now, this is his fight - a lone fight he must accomplish, and for the first time, Harry Potter is truly my hero.
 I assumed the series was only for young adults. If so, call me a young adult. I am a huge sci-fi and horror fan, but never got into too much fantasy.  I caught a bit of one of the Potter movies and it looked interesting enough to make me try the series. I was hooked from the first book. Am now finishing up the last one. Highly recommend this series.
 this is by far the nest book in the series so far! it was amazing! i cried when dumbledore died and screamed at my kindle "i told u so!" when snape turned out to be evil. but now im upset for 3 reasons:<br/>1. Harry and Ginny arent staying together<br/>2. Our WiFi is messed up so i cant visit the kindle book store until friday when its fixed<br/>3. I have to wait 22 more days until i can get the Deathly Hallows! stupid amazon prime!
 Barring the last few chapters, not a whole lot happened in this book besides character development.  When you really step back and take a look at the plot, you could summarize it in just a few sentences.  Does that mean you should skip this book and just wait for the (sure to be) dynamic, action-packed 7th?  Not by a long shot.<br/><br/>This is the book that really turned the Harry Potter series into a fantasy epic that I can take seriously.  The first 3 books, while charming, reminded me of Disney movies.  The fourth book added some darkness, the 5th book was definitely getting more adult, and this newest book nailed it.<br/><br/>Harry Potter is now a character that you can like, can admire, could even write a paper on if you feel so inclined.  He's not just a typical Child Hero anymore.  Things happen in this book that are completely heart-wrenching and develop Harry's character so much.  The same goes (to a lesser extent) to Ron and Hermione.  Even Draco Malfoy becomes a deep character in this book.<br/><br/>The themes of this book are all about growing up and rising to meet the danger yourself instead of hiding behind an adult.  There is one scene where this theme is given an almost physical prescence, and it's one of the only scenes that I felt was rather forced.  The only other "sub-par" (for this book, meaning Not Remarkable and Awesome) thing that happens involves a romance that literally springs up from nowhere.  But hey, they are teenagers now.<br/><br/>So...we get the characters growing up.  What else happens?  We learn Voldemort's history.  Now, I thought that, surely, his history would be something that shows exactly how Voldemort came to be what he was.  Something that happens to him when he was little that makes us understand how he acts the way he does today.  Unfortunately...no, not really.  I'd almost say that the Voldemort's History scenes were useless.  They were interesting, but they didn't have that emotional burr I was hoping for.<br/><br/>And then...that's about it.  I know I was hoping for more of the War itself - more of the Death Eaters, more Voldemort, more Bellatrix.  I remember that I kept this hope burning strong, until I realized I only had a quarter of the book left and we hadn't left Hogwarts yet.<br/><br/>But, that's all right.  Action scenes mean so much more when they're between characters you love, in situations that mean a lot to you.  You can't get that emotional attachment if you don't develop the characters a bit, and action scenes are so much better when they come at the end of a period of peace.<br/><br/>So, while the plot may be a bit short, it's anything but thin.  And the last few chapters have to be read to be believed.  The action at the end is absolutely incredible, and will leave you both breathless and feverishly coming up with your own theories about the motives of Certain Characters.<br/><br/>All in all - a great book.  Easily one of the best of the series.  I can't wait for the next one.
 The first time I read Half-Blood Prince, I read it in a couple of days. I was racing through to see what came next. This time, I read at a far more leisurely pace, but found the story just as compelling as it was the first time.
 *Don't worry, this review DOES NOT contain spoilers*<br/><br/>I am not very good at writing "average" reviews--I usually take one side or the other. However, I believe that there are some important points about this book that need to be adressed.<br/><br/>Even though Half-Blood Prince is definately the worst HP book yet, it is not necessarily terrible (I've read worse, and keep in mind that I'd give HP books #1-5 five stars). It has both pros and cons-<br/><br/>Pro:I found the whole mystery regarding the Half Blood Prince's identity quite interesting. I was shocked at who this turned out to be.<br/><br/>Con:The character of Tonks was very weak. Almost pathetically so. When her patronus changed into a dog, it suggested some surprising life-changing event that might actually effect the plot. Instead it evolved into romance, like far too many things in this book- romance that never even went anywhere.<br/><br/>Pro:The two semi-villains in the story, Malfoy and Snape took on a whole new level. Believe it or not, Malfoy's role in this book is actually kind of touching (in a strange sort of way). You begin to realize what he really has to go through.<br/><br/>Con: Professor Slughorn, the new Potions teacher is not a very interesting character at all. He is much more two-demensional than any of the other new teachers that have been introduced throughout the series (Lockheart, Lupin, Umbridge, etc)<br/><br/>Both pro and con: The snogging. Oh god yes, the snogging. There is a lot of it in this book. I guess in a way it's good because it shows how the characters are becoming teenagers. Also, it is fairly interesting to read about if you are a teenager yourself and can relate (I am). However, it is a bit overdone. And it doesn't really fit with the series. I could honestly say that in Half-Blood Prince, there is almost more romance than magic. In book 5, the one romantic scene between Harry and Cho was well (not over) done, and made you believe that their relationship was actually special. In this book, it's just a constant flow of make-out scenes.<br/><br/>Con:You get the impression that this book is just filler between books 5 and 7. There's a lot of talking. I mean a lot. This makes for a more boring book than the first five. The plot doesn't really go anywhere, at least not for the first half of the book. And I was disappointed to find that there was never a face-to-face encounter with Voldemort.<br/><br/>A couple last notes: this book is gory. It's definately not for the 10-year-old who enjoyed Sorceror's Stone and Chamber of Secrets. Also, most of the action is psychological.<br/>This, for action-loving people like myself, might make the book seem more boring. Yet for others it might make it intriguing. You decide.<br/><br/>Overall, a disapointingly average although not horrible book, which I would not necessarily recommend.
 I doubt that this will be my favorite of the Potter books, but neither will it be at the bottom of the list.  Some have complained about the plotting.  Some have complained about the characters not acting as they expect. Some have complained about who survives the book and who doesn't.  I must say that I wasn't troubled by any of these.  The pace of the story is rather restrained, but it keeps moving forward.  It's book 6, remember, time to catch your breath before all !! breaks loose in the finale.  Harry and friends (and enemies) have changed somewhat.  I would hope so!  It's called growing up.  They don't always turn out exactly like one would predict.  Bottom line here is that this is J. K. Rowlings world and this is how she sees these "people".  Feel free to not like how some of them have evolved, but if you think she didn't write it correctly, you're wrong.  Finally, several very talented (and successful) authors have written that the best stories come from figuring out what is the worst possible thing that could happen to the main character short of killing him and then writing that.  Rowling obviously comes from this school of thought, and she does it well.  Personally I'm sure there's more to this ending and some of what we "know" now will be turned on it's head in the last book.  Was  deleted] really right and  deleted] really wrong about the half blood prince since all the way back in book 1?  Maybe so, but I'm thinking this thread has more to be revealed.  I guess we'll know in a few years.  :-)
 I do have to agree that this is a good book, but a huge downhill drop compared to some of her other books. I really hated the sorcers stone, but next to that this is the worst book. All the other books I can't drop but this one I only read  when I am bored.
 In Harry Potter and The Half Blood Prince, the sixth book in the Harry Potter series, young Harry Potter comes the reality of Sirius's death that happened a year earlier, learns more of his greatest enemy's, Lord Voldermort, past, and many other difficult and dangerous obstacles. Upon returning to Hogwarts Harry, Ron, and Hermione learn that Professor Snape, Harry's most loathed teacher, has taken up the post as the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, and that and old friend of Professor Dumbledore's, Horace Slughorn, resumes as the Potions master. While in class, Harry finds a Potion book with tips to help with making potions and names of dangerous and funny spells. And while in possession of this magnificent book, Harry learns that the Potions book belonged to the mysterious Half-Blood Prince. Through out all of his adventures, Harry finds love in a good friend of his. But as Harry learns more of Lord Voldermort's past he finds that one of his teachers has a very crucial piece of information that both Harry and Professor Dumbledore need to find to bring them closer to the destruction of Lord Voldemort. When they discover this vital piece of information, they travel to a secret cliff side that holds a part of a whole piece of the destruction of Lord Voldemort. While in the cliff side something frightening and heart pounding happens. As Harry and Dumbledore return to Hogwarts, they find that their beloved school is under attack and tragedy is everywhere. Harry Potter and The Half Blood Prince by J.K. Rowling, although its intimidating size is one of the best books in the series and can be enjoyed by anyone who likes to sit back, relax, and read.
 As a Christian I have heard so many pros and cons about this series. For me the most important thing about these books are that as a teacher of 7th and 8th grade resource students whose reading levels can be as low as kindergarten level, these books have made my children (my students) want not only to hear me read to them, but also to puzzle and work out what is in each one of these books themselves.  They wanted to make it their own.  The determination in these young adults to read these books by themselves is one of the most amazing metamophisis I have seen in a long time.  Kudos to You JK Rawlings and may you write as many more as you like and not any that you don't.  I praise you for you imagination and your great insight into children's minds.  You have given the world a great gift and special needs children a fantastic, imaginative and wonderful reason to learn.  Thank you
 I loved this particular book almost as much as the first three.  I didn't mind waiting a bit for this one after the 5th but now I am perturbed that I will have to wait 2 years for the final book.  This story is a good story - well told.  I think it is marvelous that kids wait in line to get a book!!  I'm old but I bought the first two books when they were still only published in the UK - my friend who is a children's librarian ordered copies for us from the publisher.  She knew and so did the other adults who got copies that this was going to be a good story... just wish the installments weren't so far apart now.
 Nearly two weeks after having finished this book, and I am still reeling. Book 6 may just be the best yet. After being disappointed with Order of the Phoenix, I initially approached this book with caution; Half-Blood Prince has fully renewed my enthusiasm for the series. I am amazed at other reviewers who did not find this installment up to par. I think what JK does here is absolutely brilliant-- However, Harry fans, and particularly younger readers, should be warned that the ending packs a deep-hitting emotional punch.<br/><br/>Without giving anything away, I will venture to suggest that a VERY CAREFUL second reading pays off well; those of us who find the ending traumatic may be somewhat comforted to know that JK appears to have planted some ingeniously subtle clues that what happened is not really a surprise, or a mistake- and that The Bad Guy is not really so evil as we are meant to think he is.<br/><br/>Book 7 will tell if I am right or not, but fellow readers are reminded, with JK's usual sleight-of-hand, we tend to go astray when we rely too heavily on Harry's interpretation of events.
 I would give it more but they do not have 6 for the next one, and each of the books have been better and better. I did not  wanted the series to finish, it was so good that I wanted to keep reading all the time, specially the last 3 books.<br/>If you did not read it, and you followed the series you would like the way that things are developing and how the kids are growing. Good things and bad things happen in here. When you finish you should have the 7 at hand, you would like to start reading right away.
 This book truly begins to blur the line between good and evil. Gone are all the childish ideals of the "bad guys" and the "good guys," this book puts more realism and depth into the characters than ever. Voldemort's human side is shown, as is Harry's evil side. It's interesting to see Harry becoming more and more like the enemies that he is setting out to destroy, and it leaves all the more wonder into what happens in Book 7.<br/><br/>This book has its teenage moments, and it has its adult moments. There is a lot of flirting, Ron Weasley matures a great bit, and even though many complain about it, I think it's a necessary part of the characters growing up, especially Ron. Though Draco Malfoy appears to have matured a great deal from the old childish rivalry, Harry appears to be more immaturely attached to it than ever. Still, by the end of the book, Harry has grown up a lot, but not all in a good way.<br/><br/>The Half Blood Prince is another example of the line being blurred between good and evil. This book leaves us wondering how if he will survive through book 7, or what side will he ultimately choose.<br/><br/>On the whole, I would give this book 5 stars, as it shows that good and evil are not all black and white, and that there is an extremely fine line between fanatical good and fanatical evil.
 Now this is how a book should be written.<br/><br/>I love books and I don't know how I managed to let Harry Potter slip by me for so long. It was around april 2003 and I knew the 5th book was coming out. I had seen the films that had been released I think philosphers stone and chamber of secrets. I thought they were great, but being an avid book reader I thought "hey! I am going to BUY this book" so I bought the first two books (I had the 3rd and forth already - dont ask) and read all 4 just in time for the release of phoenix. I loved phoenix I was heartbroken at the death of the character in that book but not nearly as tearful as Rowling makes you in Half blood prince. Is it the end for our wizarding world as we know it? I mean this book leaves so much left unsaid but yet leaves you feeling satisfied and eager for the release of a film which we already know the ending to. But still I can not wait for my next installment of all things Potter and I suggest you buy this book on my recommendation. Belive me I KNOW what I am talking about. You will love it.<br/><br/>Oh Horcrux<br/><br/>Rowey_the_babe@hotmail.com
 I liked that everyone knew that he who just not be named was alive<br/>And that Ginny and harry got together ❤
 I must say that I am surprised by all the negative reviews this book has been getting.  I think it comes down to the fact that everyone has such high expectations for Ms. Rowling that if they are disappointed in any way it makes the book terrible.  Even if one doesn't think that this was the best in the series (I liked # 4 the best), one must admit that this book rates at minimum 4 stars in comparison to almost any other work of fiction.<br/><br/>That being said, I still think that this is one of the best books in the series yet.  There is a wonderful dark tone throughout and the plot thickens as the book progresses.  The individual who dies should not come as much of a surprise but the manner in which it happens will leave your mouth hanging open.  Many of the hidden aspects of the series are revealed and we are given a powerful setup for the next book.  If you haven't read any Harry Potter books, start now and you won't regret it.
 As Harry has grown, so have some of his readers. But little children will not be ready for the themes in this book. One example is the author's treatment of sex. Teenagers will be able to learn a great lesson about the messy end results of empty hookups, but little kids might be oblivious, and only understand that one of the heroes of the book spends a lot of time "snogging" somebody else just for experience, and gets away with it.<br/><br/>This is not the toughest theme in the book, however. The tough theme is death, and of behaviors that the author apparently thinks might be permissible--even heroic--in a time of war, but whose morality is EXTREMELY dubious. Little kids aren't ready for this material at all (I'm not too sure I am, and I'm an adult!) and should be discussing the book with an adult if they must read it at all.<br/><br/>For older kids and grownups, it's a great read, as always, and the overarching moral tension has reached a very interesting moment as it becomes clearer that what is really at stake in the Harry Potter series is the heart of a young man who could make all the difference in the future of the world--Draco Malfoy.
 I waited in line, for like, five days in front of the local Border's to get my copy, and like, my wife took my kids and left me because she was all like, "You're so immature.  You have to go back to work.  Blah blah blah."  But, like, I didn't care, and you know why?  Because, I'm like, the biggest Harry Potter fan in the whole wide world, and nobody loves Harry Potter more than me!  So, anyway, I waited in line and it was raining and I was hungry and I thought I was going to pass out, but then they opened the doors and I ran in and grabbed my copy from some girl who started crying but I didn't care.  I was so excited I almost forgot to pay!  But the security alarms were beeping and some security guard came out and wanted to take me back into the back room.  I was so scared!  I kept saying I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I just wanted my Harry Potter book and the guard was like, OK, just pay and get out.  I was so happy!  I went to my car and got inside and opened the book and started to read.  I read the first word, "Chapter", and then I got so excited I passed out!  I woke up when some lady was tapping on the car window and I told her go away I'm fine and then I read the second word "1" and got so excited again I bumped the gear shift and the car rolled backward and then some other car hit me!  The man who hit me got mad and started yelling but I was all like, "Sir, please calm yourself.  Let us exchange information and my insurance company will contact you."  Then I thought I should go home and read so I drove out of the parking lot but then I got so excited thinking about the new Harry Potter book that I hit some old lady crossing the street!  I got really scared and started to drive really fast and hit some kids walking home from day care!  People were yelling and shouting so I drove away as fast as I could and got halfway home when I heard sirens and then the police were chasing me and I got so scared I covered my eyes and crashed into a house!  The police were so mad they took me to jail and were like, "You have the right to remain silent" just like on TV and then some lawyer guy was all like, "you're being charged with vehicular manslaughter and reckless endangerment" and then the judge was all like, "I sentence you to a term of no less than twenty years and no more than forty blah blah blah."  I can't wait to finish the book!
 I read this book as soon as I got it and...I have to admit...was a little disappointed. There is a definite lack of detail in this book that brought the book down. There is hardly any mention of classes, yet there are 4 chapters that are almost soley dedicated to teenage romance. I usually enjoy a bit of Harry and his friends' love life, but it drags on a bit to much.<br/><br/>The main disappointment in this book is that it feels like it is written by a different author. I understand the dark mood and appreciated the ending but I feel that there was hardly any transition from book 5 to book 6. I liked that Harry is getting older and you can sense his maturity, but it doesn't happen over night. In book 5 he was whiney and troublesome, but in book 6 he is much more calm.<br/><br/>I absolutely loved the ending and was shocked and sad and excited...I think that it is obvious that Ms. Rowling has set up an incredible story line that will continue into the 7th book.<br/><br/>This book was good but the lack of detail and the dramatically different style of writing was very frustrating;it could have easily been the best book of the series!!!!
 For a Young Adult market, I thought this book held its own for the adults also, and I thoroughly enjoyed Half Blood Prince. I'm normally a mystery, women's fiction reader, historical novels once in awhile, but I heard so much about Harry Potter that I decided to buy one of the books and satisfy my curiosity. We were on vacation and I read it off and on while I was spending time with my parents and friends. Once I got into the story I couldn't put it down. The author has an excellent way of bringing you into the story and before you know it you just want to find out what is going to happen next. Overall, it was a terrific book and I'm sure I'll be reading more about Harry Potter and his friends.
 I got this book in the mail on Saturday, and only went to bed at seven in the morning. This book was amazing, and yet, I have a sinking feeling that most of it was to set up for the seventh and final installment. A lot of the reviews thus far said that it did not live up to their expectaitions, but when I think about it, I realize that there are two reasons why this could be the case. I think that if you wait for two years for something with bated breath, as I am sure a lot of Potter fans have, then of course you will be expecting something magnanimous. But the fact of the matter is that this is not supposed to be the highlight of the series, it is supposed to be a leader, up to the final installment. It fills that role superbly. Leading you on a winding path of mystery, intruge and treatchary, all leaving tantalizing but indecipherably vauge hints of what is to come that could mean everything that is implied, or have a deeper more obscure meaning behind it. As with all the books, I did not fully appreciate the intracacy and connectedness of the plots that are so inextricably tied until I read the following installment. Things that may have seemed like trivial bits of diolouge from the first book reappeare in the later books to have actually been clues and hints, that on their own would have never been detected as such, but once re-read, you find yourself slapping yourself upside the head thinking how could I have not caught that before. Once again I find Mrs. Rowling to be mocking us with the twists and plot revalations that are inexplicaply deep and have a complexety that is found in no other novel series I have ever read.
 Can't believe I waited so long to read these, so well done.  I'm thinking this was my fave so far!
 Let me start by saying that I am a big fan of the series.  However, I have a few issues with this book.  I would rated it equal to The Chamber of Secrets, but since this book is overlong, it rates below the second book of the series.<br/><br/>The problem is that JKR is not and has never been a good writer; still, she has a tremendous ability to weave plots.  It is for that reason that Prisoner was the best book of the series; few pages with a lot of plot.  The Goblet was saved by the tremendous last few chapters; same goes with the Order.<br/><br/>However, this book does not have that much plot.  Think about it: there is the conspiracy by Malfoy and Harry's private lessons.  The former was almost invisible until the end, and the latter are  just information sessions for the readers who need more Voldemort gossip.<br/><br/>In all these pages, there is not that much happening.  There is the infamous death, but somehow we did not go through enough events to appreciate it as we should have.<br/><br/>The series is getting tired and has started losing its freshness.  JKR did not manage to instill a fresh sense of humour to the familiar settings of the school; the attempts of showing the growing sexuality of the main characters is quite pathetic and infantile.<br/><br/>So, as far I am concerned, this book has served the purpose of moving the plot a bit farther, and that is it
 Harry Potter and The Half-Blood Prince brings a new sense of maturity and greatness to the series.I love this book - it has everything needed for a great book- adventure, romance, intrigue, laughter and merriment and alas - death and sadness.<br/>The book starts differently from the previous sequels and from the very first chapter it is evident that times are changing and war is emminent as the revelation of Voldemort's return to the wizarding world has caused the war to start with Voldemort and his Death Eaters attempting to start their takeover of the world making their attacks public and very threatening.<br/>Losses are starting to pile up for the good side as Voldermort's support seems to be mounting as everyday in the Daily Prophet someone else seems to have been lost but amongst all this Hogwarts and the Sixth year's world has to continue and so it does with an excellent plot to boot.<br/>Ms. Rowling once again shows why she has five best-sellers behind her name as she is able to show the depth of her characters and is able to show them maturing and going through the normal phases of adolesence.She introduces a couple of interesting new charcters and she swings the role of others to suit the novel perfectly.<br/>Harry and his friends in this book face the stress of classes as things get harder as they face their N.E.W.T ( Nastily Exhausting Wizarding Tests)classes after gaining admission by passing their O.W.L.( Ordinary Wizarding Level tests)classes the previous year. These are as hard as ever and they are daunted by mounds of homework and two different teachers holding posts at the school. They also have to get throuh their Apparition tests and face the regular problems of teenage life and love which Harry finally finds and others fight over and meanwhile the Weasley twins expand their business.<br/>Aside from that,the main plot revolves around Harry trying to find out the secrets behind Voldemort so maybe he might stand a fighting chance of destroying him and ridding the world of his evil and also of Harry and his newly found suspicions of Draco Malfoy and Snape and their connections to Voldemort. The information on Voldemort's past is very intersting as described and shown by Dumbledore as they try to seek out Voldemort's weakness.<br/>Quidditch is also continued and through this Harry finds some love and inspiration and Ron gets attention and a girlfriend which causes some fighting among friends.<br/>There is however an imminent and well publicised death in the book which I will not say but I know all loyal fans will be deeply hurt by but should know that it had to happen to let Harry see what he has to do and for what I believe was Harry's own safety and done on the order of the person who died.The 'Prince' is involved in the death and in what seemed to be help in Harry's Potions classes but i will not utter who he is.<br/>The book I must say is well written and it is a great read, I would recommend it to anyone looking for a great book. Ms. Rowling lifts her ability once more and the book leaves you awe struck as it is a perfect cliff-hanger to the finale and will leave you eager to read bk 7 which I hope readers won't have to wait long to get hold of and which I am sure will answer all unanswered questions as the finale of the Harry Potter Series.
 It took me a little longer to read this book than the previous installments, but it was definitely worth the read.<br/>I have to say that from the beginning I had guessed the identity of the Half-blood Prince and the character who would be killed (not one in the same, but connected). However that did not lessen my enjoyment of this tale.<br/>Book 6 is decidedly darker than the previous books (not an easy task considering the persecution of Harry in Order of the Phoenix). There are some moments that would definitely scare younger readers (e.g. Harry and Dumbledore's trip to the cave and the fight scenes at the end).<br/>There are some readers who feel that Half-blood Prince does not reveal anything new or leaves too many questions. I have to say that I feel this was intentional on the author's part. The reader receives much new information about Voldemort. In the first five books we learned all about Harry and what shaped his character. Book 6 was Voldemort's turn. We learned who his family is and how his childhood shaped him into the most feared wizard of all time. This book provides the reader with the perfect set up for the 7th and final installment. Potter fans know what Harry is facing and what challenges he, Ron and Hermoine must overcome before the final battle (that we all know is coming) between Harry and Voldemort.<br/>In this book, Rowling stuns the reader (those who have not read spoilers that is) with the death of major character. Harry feels very betrayed by this death, but I think that there is much more to this situation than is revealed at this time.<br/>I also loved the growth of the characters in this book. They are now 16 and are moving into the stage of young love. There is a romantic entanglement that I didn't see coming, but was pleasantly surprised by.<br/>I am anxiously awaiting Book 7 to see how Rowling ties up the pieces of her story and characters.
 This book, like all the others, was very well written.  I like it because it had a very good flow to the next book.  With surprises throughout  it demonstrated the main characters' feelings and relationships about and with other characters.  It created a better connection between Harry and Professor Dumbledore.  It lead up to the Seventh book, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows", very well.  As Harry, Ron, Hermione, and their friends struggled and prospered throughout this book, they always stuck together and showed great unity.<br/><br/>I would suggest that you read this book because it is a crucial part of a very good series.  You will not get bored reading this book.  It is very well written and it is a very entertaining book all throughout.
 Great book. Great reader!
 Things are not well at Hogwarts and indeed the magical world, as Harry begins his sixth year at Hogwarts. Still mourning the loss of his Godfather Sirrius Black, our young wizzard will learn of a legacy left him, and also become involved in the growing tide of evil wrought by he who must not be named, a tide that is starting to spill into the Muggle world. By the end of this adventure, we will see one of the series most beloved characters meet their end at the hands of another myself and others have long suspected, and Harry and his freinds questioning their own futures as the stage is set for a final confrontation in book seven.<br/><br/>When I started reading the Potter series, I found them to be lighthearted fun. Harry and his buddy Ron Weasley running about Hogwarts castle using the marauder map and Harry's invisability cloak to remain undetected as they solved some mystery or perpetrated some innocent magical mischief, made for a great read on a summers day. But now that fun has been replaced by a darker plotline where people are meeting grisley ends all around you, and Harry and his chums don't know if there will even be a Hogwarts to come back to in their final year, or if any of them will even be alive! And Harry himself may soon find himself not only in the role of avenger of his parents deaths, but also of his mentor as well. If you have a young Harry fan in your house, it might be best if they held off reading this book until they're a little older, it's that dark and scarey in places.
 My family and close friends are big Happy Potter Fans. So much, we have all the games, mom's house is decorated in Hogwart and Harry things, even the dog is named Harry Potter.  We analyzie each and every detail when the family gets together and my niece and nephews join in with their points of view.  I swear my one nephew has the books memorize word for word.  We are all in disagreement now about whether the Head Master is really gone or just pretending. Is Snape really bad, how could Dumbledore have been so wrong.  Will Harry, Ron and Hermonie return to Hogwarts or not.  I say yes, Rowling would have to develop a new place for the action, which she did for Order of the Phoenix. But I think Harry will return to out of sense of duty to keep the students safe.  My mom guessed Ginny and Harry would eventually get together and we are guessing Neville still has a BIG part to play.  This book really set the scene for the closing we are trying to figure out the horcruxes.  Great Book. Read 2x and listened it to it for my 2nd time around. My mom's listening to it now also.
 It's the sixth book.  You read the other five.  You'd give your kidney to have the seventh and since it actually came out over a year ago, I'm not even sure why I'm reviewing it.  Here's the fact: Harry is over his adolescent whinings and seems to have finally accepted the mantle of the grown wizard he is destined to become.  It's a modern classic, fully realized with a world as grounded in our own modern reality as it is in the wizarding world in which it's set.  For the young, the story is magical indeed.  For the not so young, it's escapism at its finest.
 I was a Potterhead since the release of book one. And a midnight release attendee every book after. Always a favorite. Will always reread.
 I really liked this book. The memories are really interesting and the over-all plot was brilliant. The only thing I didn't like about this book was seeing everybody grow up so fast. All the sudden there were teenage hormones and everybody likes everybody else and everybody is jealous of the rest of them. I don't see the point of putting making-out and attacking one-another for liking somebody else.<br/>Even with this draw-back it's an excellent book that reveals lots of the mysteries behind Voldemort, Harry, and secrets we didn't even know were secrets.<br/>Over-all it was a good book and you should definitely buy it!
 So you're waiting to buy the book until after you've read the reviews, are you?  Suspicious person.  Let me assure you, Rowling does not disappoint.The Half-Blood Prince is another excellent installment in the Harry Potter series.  A lot happens in the book, not all of it pleasant.<br/><br/>It isn't until the third chapter of the book that we actually arrive at Harry, where the reader is treated to a really hilarious visit to the Dursleys' from Dumbledore.  There's another new teacher at Hogwarts, there's a new minister of magic (who seems as incompetant as the Fudge, just in a different way), and Voldemort's reign of terror is beginning again.  The security at Hogwarts has been tightened like a vise to ensure the safety of the students, but two people come very close to being killed anyway, for unknown reasons.  Dumbledore seems to have sustained a mysterious and crippling injury to his wand hand, and Harry's convinced that Draco Malfoy's up to something very unpleasant.  And then there's the half-blood prince, whose old potions textbook Harry happens to lay his hands on...  and Harry's private lessons with Dumbledore...<br/><br/>There are some changes in the book: Rowling seems to focus less on classwork and quidditch, and more on other aspects of the plot.  This is also the book in which everyone begins to have Relationship Problems with the opposite gender, which is enough to make any matchmaker squeal with glee.<br/><br/>The story did not introduce as many new characters and settings as some of the previous ones have, and instead seemed to focus more on developing the already exisiting characters, and revealing new (and sometimes sinister) motivations.  Several old characters play parts of renewed importance, and we get some very interesting background information about Voldemort's past.<br/><br/>  And there are enough juicy possibilites at the end of the book that any Potter fan will find topics to debate for months.  All in all, the stage now appears to be carefully set for the next, and final, book in the series.
 what can I say.....another great installment of the Harry Potter series  This volume takes the reader deeper down the darker path of the later books in the series.  Can't wait to read the final book!
 I, like many others, have read all of the previous Harry Potter books, as well as seeing all of the movies. I have loved the series so far, but the sixth book was on a whole new playing field. While it may have been rather short, we gained so much valuable information, clearing up mysteries from past books. This was thirlling for me. There wasn't as much action throughout this book, as there has been in others, however, it really picks up in the last several chapters. I was reading as fast as I could to find out what the outcome would be. I must say that I was 1. rather surprised with who dies and 2. a bit concerned about what the next book should bring. Will the friends stay together? Will we ever get to go back into the walls of Hogwarts with Harry? All of these questions make me wish that the 7th and final book would hurry up and get on store shelves. I continue to be amazed by the terrific work that this one woman can do. I urge all of you to read this book!!
 I think that this book is by and far one of J.K. Rowling's finest. It has a similar tone as "Prisoner of Azkaban", mixing humor with a good deal of mystery and suspense. "POA" surpasses this book only because "Half Blood Prince" has a rather slow opening chapter. Without giving anything away, I will say that I think it was a mistake having the opening scenes of this book focus on characters that, while well-known, have not exactly been fleshed out in the series. But by chapter two things are rolling quite well and after that the book is wonderful.<br/><br/>The well-publicized death was well done and left me reeling from shock. I never read spoilers, so I had no idea that this person would die so soon (I did think it would happen in book seven but NOT in the way it was portrayed here). Because of the element of surprise the death made an even greater impact and for a few minutes I shared Harry's feelings of loss and emptiness--wonderful bit of writing by Ms. Rowling! I admit that I truly hate the thought of this character being gone, but after all this is a war so a book without casualities would be silly and unrealistic.<br/><br/>I won't go into much detail here, but I do want to say that I love the backstory given to Voldemort. He's easily one of the most intriguing characters in the story and it's nice to be able to understand his actions more.<br/><br/>Something else to look for in the book is Draco Malfoy. Heretofore he has been little more than a foil to Harry: nasty, a bully, prejudiced against anyone not "pure blooded"--on the whole a really unlikeable character. In "HBP" we get to see the other side of Draco, the one he keeps hidden. And after reading that I can't help but empathize with him, which was certainly not something I'd ever expected to do. Now a two-dimensional villain has become a "real" person...and one which could go any number of ways in the next book. I'm really hoping J.K. will choose the path less travelled for him but we'll have to wait and see.
 Rowling's Best One Yet<br/><br/> Did you know that in the first twenty-four hour release of the Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince over 6.9 million books were sold, and so far 13.5 million have sold.  Doesn't that tell you something?  The book is a classic for any age and interest.  It is a fantasy book that can be enjoyed by people who don't usually read fantasy.  It is Harry's sixth year at Hogwarts magical school for witches and wizards.  Lord Voldemort's Death Eaters are getting stronger, and the Order of the Phoenix is getting weaker.  When all this is taking place, a student gets hurt at Hogsmeade and later at Hogwarts.  Harry assumes his arch-rival Draco Malfoy has to be involved.  Dumbledore realizes that Harry will soon have to battle Voldemort.  In doing so, to prepare him, he takes Harry on trips through the pensive.  Dumbledore hopes that these memories and events will pinpoint Voldemort's weaknesses.  Who will stand up in the wizarding world to Voldemort?<br/><br/> This book is my favorite, so far, in the series.  The writing style is written well.  It keeps you sucked into the book.  I'd say this is probably the ultimate page-turner because they usually end with a cliff-hanger.  You just want to keep reading and reading into the night.  Also, this book reveals a lot of unanswered questions from the previous book Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.  This book, doesn't along with any of the other books in the Harry Potter series, promote witchcraft, but is a classic good vs. evil story that all can enjoy.
 but sadly there are quite a few readers who cannot keep up with the real magic. Perhaps they need to read slower to actually see how the plot was expertly thought out. Honestly, I've never come across a series of books that has evolved as cleverly as Harry Potter. It speaks to all ages--never failing to impress, surprise or otherwise simply entertain with each succeeding installment. I believe that no other work of fiction spanning several years has ever been so vivid in depicting its characters' coming of age. I feel like Harry and friends are now my peers. I will certainly welcome them when they take it upon themselves to battle Voldemort as the original Marauders and their allies did after leaving Hogwarts.<br/><br/>I took my time with this book. I didn't read it until a week ago, when my judgement was least affected by all the hype. It lived up to my expectations after the last book (which only garnered 3 stars from me). This ominous volume is clearly not for those seeking Cribbages Wizarding Crackers after feasting. One should have abandoned all claims to this being a children's book series with the Goblet of Fire (why the heck do people keep spewing this issue?) My trained reader's sense warned me of portentous events upon "seeing" Dumbledore's injured hand. And yet I wasn't prepared to accept it. People screamed for action...I suppose they got it.
 I think this volume is the cleanest in terms of moving the plot along. It may also be the most cinematic. Harry is really growing up and while this always involves facing unhappy realities I'm not sure it was necessary to make this book quite so unremittingly dark. You may loose patience with Ron and Hermione given JKR has them refusing to believe Harry- YET AGAIN - which I found a bit of a stretch. On the other hand they are distracted by the issues that always distract teenagers such as falling in love and being irrational- quite a lot! This book is awfully well written - hense the five stars. But I think JKR needs to re-imagine this world a bit because it begins more and more to resemble the world we already live in. What's the point of re-imagining this nasty mess in a work of imaginative fiction?I will also have to say thay she has done a disservuce to many of her more loveable characters. Yes - the central characters are growing up and will see their world differently now, but there is a coldness in Ron and Hermione I'm not sure is necessary. Harry however is still Harry Potter and as thoroughly admirable as ever. I have no idea why JKR has ended this volume in the peculiar way she has chosen. I found it unnecessarily brutal to her characters and to her faithful readers - but I will certainly read the final volume with interest. This may be JKR's best constructed and best written book in the series, but I have to wonder if she is writing for the critics now, and not for her faithful young readers. I am NOT young, but I still found this a bit too cynical here and there, and more joyless than I think absolutely necessary.
 After being somewhat disappointed in Book 5, HP and the Half-Blood Prince has more than adequately restored my faith (if indeed it was ever lost). Rowling is bringing us down to the nitty-gritty now, with a lot of backstory revealed that will enable us to go into the final installment as primed and ready as we will ever be for the ultimate showdown. It is a pleasure to witness Harry's growth and maturation right before our very eyes, and we will dearly miss him once the saga is done.
 SPOILERS<br/><br/>Despite what respected, venerable, and self-proclaimed unbiased people might say about HP and the Half-Blood Prince, I feel it a duty as a die-hard fan of Rowling (and also a horribly dismayed reader of a few reviews) to write that this book was no disappointment.<br/><br/>Admittedly, certain parts made me cringe; adolescent love and pining do not mix well with the mature themes of death and loneliness.  Some of Rowling's sophisticated humor was missing, and her attempts fell flat, especially with the "Lav-Lav" and "Won-Won" dynamics, but that is excusable.  After all, not too many people can be expected to laugh and make jokes with the threat of Lord Voldemort looming over their shoulders.<br/><br/>There is less of a storyline in this book, but there is much progression within characters and their relationships.  Harry is not quite the explosive, angsty teenager as in book V, and by the end has become a decisive and altogether admirable hero.  The readers will find it more believable that such a young man has to battle Voldemort in the finale.  Dumbledore plays a larger role as Harry's guardian after Sirius, but Harry becomes capable of dealing with emotional blows and terrifying revelations on his own.  He is not the whining, self-absorbed 16-year old that is the figurehead of this generation.  Being his age myself, I find it satisfying to see his portrayal of a strong-willed person determined to face whatever the prophecy holds for him.<br/><br/>Ron and Hermione have taken tentative steps in their relationship, but it is not a major plot.  They serve their role as a stronghold for Harry well, and a few heartwarming sections revolve around the golden trio.  After book IV, it was no big surprise to me that Harry's two best friends would end up with each other.  However, they spend an alarming amount of time trying to make each other jealous (which I find slightly out of character with Hermione.  Oh well.).  Ginny's debut in book V prepared me for Harry's relationship with her, but I still try not to think about the jarring nature of this development, especially with the backdrop of Dark Marks hovering in the distance.  I forgive Rowling because this is, after all, a children's book that shouldn't focus too much on depressing subjects.  Overall, I feel that Rowling has done well in bringing up the characters.  I mean, I HAVE literally grown up with Harry, Ron, and Hermione.<br/><br/>The pace of book VI is rather slow up until the last few chapters, but they make it worth the wait.  Dumbledore's death certainly made me go into shock for a few hours, but it is a crucial part of Harry's weaning himself from other people.  The Horcruxes are a bit far-fetched.  I realize that a fantasy writer's prerogative is to make things up, but that is what makes the majority of them weak.  Rowling manages to pull it off however, also tying off a few loose-ends.  She leaves the book off where several questions have been answered, but also where more have surfaced.  I have no qualms about confidently stating that the last of the HP books will be wonderful.  It is perfectly staged for an amazing finale.<br/><br/>I have been as brutal as I can possibly be concerning HP, but I need to do the book justice.  It is as unforgiving as this review.  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is risky, unsettling, and possibly one of the most carefully-constructed novels of the current six.  It is at the same time desperate and hopeful, overwhelming and satisfying.
 Okay, I admit it, I'm a 48 year old woman who LOVES Harry Potter and rushed to get my book on Saturday morning! Book 6 ranks at the top of my favorites now (a nice change from the darkness of Book 5), though I was brought to tears at the vision of Hagrid carrying Dumbledore's body to be laid to rest.  I laughed at the teenagers; actually felt a bit of pity for Malfoy; was left wondering yet again about what's left of the Snape saga....and remembered that the pictures in the Headmaster's office can talk, so this isn't really the end of what Albus Dumbledoor has to say, right?  The book answered a lot of questions and gave us many more to think about until we are rewarded with Book 7.  JK, can't you find it in your heart to try a Book 8??? :) Thanks again for sharing your marvelous imagination with the rest of us!
 Like a great deal of the other reviewers I got Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince at midnight when first came out, and I read it in less than a day.  In my opinion I think the book was great.<br/>In the sixth Harry Potter you see the characters growing up and maturing, with a bit of "snogging" in the process. Harry, Ron, and Hermione get the O.W.Ls back and choose their N.E.W.T subjects.  You see old friends and old enemies reappearing with new tricks up their sleeves and new characters that bring a new spark to Hogwarts and the Ministry of Magic.  Readers also get to see darker sides of characters, one of which is a professor.  There are also new Potions and Defense Against the Dark Arts teachers who will shock devouted readers, and lets not forget that the Minister of Magic gets sacked and replaced.<br/>One of the things that makes this book different than the others in the series is the part that muggles play in this book.  In the very beginning of the book J. K Rowling allows the reader to see how the war in the magical world is affecting the muggle world.<br/><br/>One of the main focuses in this book was seeing how Tom Riddle became Lord Voldemort.  Harry's main focus throughout the book, with the help of another, finding out about Lord Voldemort's past through the memories of others(an old object helps him do this).<br/><br/>But I've already said too much if you are looking for a book that does justice to the rest of the Harry Potter series, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince well accedes the expectations of Harry Potter fans.  This is the kind of series that a reader can grow up with and watch his or her favorite characters grow up with him or her too.  I hope all readers will enjoy this book as much as I have.  The only thing that I am disappointed about is that the seventh book is not out already!
 Worth owning if you like Potter
 I really enjoyed this book....except for the unexpected death of a certain character for which I balled my brains out.  Why is it that everyone Harry loves is taken away from him?  James and Lily, Sirius and another main character to whom Harry was very close to...I am hoping that there is away to surpass death in the wizarding world...or a way to come back...the Veil.<br/><br/>I was impressed with some of the references in this book that go back to books 4 and 5.  Voldermort talks about his immortality in Goblet of Fire when they are in the grave yard and how he has escaped death many times....and now in this book we find out why. Hocruxes. I am very interested in the rest of the Hocruxes and think that was freaking ingenious writing on Rowling's part again.<br/><br/>Book 5 also gives us the history of the Black Family Sirius/Bellatrix, and why/how Harry has to stay with the Dursleys'...the pact made between Petunia and Dumbeldore...another reason Voldermort cannot touch Harry when he is on summer break.<br/><br/>We also learn of Professor Trelawney's prediction that was made before Harry was born...Snape over hearing the prediction and passing the info off to Voldermort...very important to know. I love how everything is tieing together and making more sense.<br/><br/>I love JK Rowling's style of writing and her imagination is extraordinary.  I even enjoy the dark turn the books have taken.  The characters are getting older and their capabilities and dedication to Harry are expanding due to the duelings with dark professors and of course Voldermort.<br/><br/>I read this book rather quickly and will re-read it again once I can set the emotionally tragedy aside and hope that certain characters will be brought back in the last book.<br/><br/>I am really looking forward to the 7th and final book. But should Voldermort try to kill Harry with the Avada Kedavra curse, it didn't work the 1st time so how could he use it again?<br/><br/>I am actually more scared of how the 5th and 6th movies will turn out since the 3rd and 4th were kind of disappointing...they just left way too much out.  I would sit in a theatre for 3 to 4 hours to watch any Harry Potter movie!  So for those who don't read the books...well you are missing out on so much detail and important facts.
 Female voices are a bit weird, but its a guy reading them.<br/><br/>Good choice for an audio book if you are looking for one
 Even better on a reread!
 Each book just gets better and better. I'm 25 years old and still very much a Harry Potter fan that when I read Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, Book 1, in 1998. Much like Star Wars, Harry Potter's Wizard world is so rich in detail, you can get lost in it for hours and hours, and it surely will generate hordes of fans as the years go by.<br/><br/>But about the Half-Blood Prince! Lord Voldemort, the most powerful and evil wizard of all time, is ascending in power and terrorizing everyone once again. The 16-year-old Harry's temper is much more tempered now that Voldemort is out in the open and he knows the truth about... everything!<br/><br/>The teenage Harry knows he will be the one to stop He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named once and for all, and so the headmaster of Hogwarts, the great yet eccentric wizard Albus Dumbledore, will start to prepare him for it... but not in the way you imagine! But more pressing matters concerning homework, Quidditch, friends and love will keep Harry busy! I can't say anything else because it would ruin it for you, but go ahead, dig into Chapter 6 in the life of the unusual yer everyday Harry Potter, and let the story do the rest.<br/><br/>I must say that the only downside to this book is that we'll have to wait a year or two before Book 7 comes out!
 I know that Hogwarts was unplottable on a map, but didn't realise that JK Rowling had also lost her plot! I half expected Harry with a big red book, going up to Voldemort, and say 'Tom Marvolo Riddle....this is your life!' I tried to find a well directed plot in this book, to no avail. Some characters appeared to have changed beyond recognition, and the love story between Lupin and Tonks seemed contrived and unrealistic.<br/><br/>However, I liked the way Rowling led us to think that maybe Malfoy and Tonks were inferi, by constantly referring to their odd behaviour, and greyish tones to their skin colour. I for one thought for a while that they were indeed dead, and doing the bidding of Voldemort. But, I have not ruled out one major character who would turn out to be the inferi in the final book..Ron or Hermonie maybe, for that final heartbreak?<br/><br/>I also think that Dumbeldore was asking Snape to kill him, because of what he was saying when he drunk the liquid from the basin, saying 'kill me', and is it just me or does anyone think RAB stands for Regulus Black, who was Sirius' death eather brother?<br/><br/>All in all, the book got better near the end, but I felt manipulated by Dumbeldore's death, and although I shed a tear or two, I think the second tear was frustration at waiting so long for this book, only to find it empty of Rowling's signature excellent character development and plot direction. This really was a book by numbers. Two or three more years of waiting for the next one, I'm afraid this book rather dampened by longing for my next dose of Harry!
 I got the book today, which FIRST OF ALL is the day that this book came out. And I'm Only halfway through but this book is a GREAT addition to the series!<br/><br/>STORY: It is a misty day in Privet Drive. And HP is waiting in his bedroom for Proffesser (Mind my spelling) Albus Dumbleore. Then he gets off to a weird start in Hogwarts.<br/><br/>THOUGHTS: EXCELLENT! I'm Only half way thru but I am loving this book. It's all graet!<br/><br/>So I suggest you buy this book! NOW! Don't just sit there staring at computer screen expecting for more!
 This installment is a little less exciting than those that preceed it.  I found the lack of action noticeable throughout the book.  The suspicions that Harry has are borne out this time around..... those he imagines to be working towards evil ends within Hogwarts actually are.  This lack of "turnaround" when the truth is finally discovered makes for a tepid read.  Another element missing from the previous books is a steady round of Quiddich matches.....there are a couple of games but the excitement is downplayed or rather less vividly explored and fleshed out than the character's awakening sexuality. There is a little bit of danger but this book is nothing like the last one.....doom is out there, but the Death Eaters and Voldemort are pretty much nonexistent throughout the entire read.  The final chapters have most of the action for the entire book packed within less than a hundred pages.  I suppose I expected a more inspiring revelation of power in the maturing hero....in truth, his powers do not increase within this volume.  The D.A. makes no reoccurence, there is no great sense of comraderie and unity between the students, there is no sense of progression of abilities for the main characters, there is no accounting of the houses at the end of the year...  There is however a hardening resolve to finish Voldemort after the funeral.  The book ends rather abruptly in my opinion.
 I'd like to start off by saying that this was a great book. Rowling captures the teenage spirit very well and creates as a believalbe story as can be expected in the circumstances. However, while reading this book, I did not feel like I enjoyed it nearly as much as the others. This book lacked the light-heartedness and cheerfulness that the previous five books had. It was not only the ending that was dark, but the whole book, right from the first pages. There is still the occasional comical moment here and there, but overall, it was incredibly dark; enough so that parents of young children might take caution.<br/><br/>The plot turns and winds in many ways, some of which caught me completely unsuspecting. However, Rowling uses foreshadowing a little too much in my opinion. A dark shadow of the war is cast over the entire book. Without ruining the ending, I can say that an even darker cloud hovers by the time this book is finished. Even with all the developments in this book, I could not help feeling that this was only meant to set up the seventh book. I will not deny that I was a little disappointed with the Half-Blood Prince. It fell a little short of my expectations, especially after the 2-year wait. I was not really provided with a very convincing ending. Even though I liked this book enough to give it four stars, it left me annoyed that I would have to wait for at least another two years to see what is really going to happen.
 This book was, I must say, quite disappointing.  The plot was intriguing, but the pacing was off.  Firstly, Rowling seemed to be at odds with herself in writing the book, not knowing whether or not to take the plunge into darkness, often trying to uplift the mood of darker scenes in the book with cheesy moments of ill-timed lightheartedness.  Her attempts at balancing the book between a children's story and a more sinister tale of revenge did not quite pan out.  The overall effect of her storytelling with this book did not feel succinct, but instead felt rushed - she spent little time developing complex interactions between characters, rushed through the climactic battle scene, having to use characters from the story to narrate what had happened.<br/><br/>Secondly, Harry himself was a dissappointment.  A far cry from his usual heroic self, Harry spent the book bumbling about quite ineffectively.  We never see him leap any hurdles, such as accomplishing the silent incantation, which would have saved an embarassing duel scene between himself and one of his arch enemies at the end of the book.  Furthermore, he would have been able to extricate himself from his sticky situation in the astronomy tower scene had he been able to accomplish this feat that the sixth years had been studying.  I found it frustrating that Harry seemed to learn nothing, nor accomplish anything in this book, and it makes me question how he is going to face Voldemort in the final book if he cannot even win a duel between himself and one of his former teachers.
 Out of all the Harry Potter books i believe that this book falls just short of the fist 4, but is immensely better than the 5th. There were quite a few things that i both liked and didn't like about HP #6 and here are a few of them<br/><br/>Pros:<br/><br/>1) Dumbledor's explanation of how it's Voldemort who created Harry's fate to kill him, and the the prophecy had nothing to do with it.<br/><br/>2) the detailed looks into Voldemort's past<br/><br/>3) a larger explanation of the Riddle murder we hear about in book 4.<br/><br/>4) we finally come to understand how it is that Voldemort survived the killing curse and seems immortal.<br/><br/>cons:<br/><br/>1) Malfoy's plan at the end... it just didn't make any sense! If, by complete and utter coincidence and good luck, Dumbledor hadn't already been completely weakened, it never would've worked. i don't see how Malfoy could have been stupid enough to even think it could!<br/><br/>*2) Dumbledor grabbing the fake locket... how could he?! He's the greatest wizard ever, and can sense magic (as he himself said when he found the lever to get the boat) so how could he have picked up the locket and not realized it was a fake!?!<br/><br/>3) The Half Blood Prince's potions book... what it came down to was that Harry was cheating in one of his classes. I think Hermione was right to be mad at him!<br/><br/>4) the ending... Harry turned out to be right about everything! to me he seamed overly paranoid, and everything was true! it just seemed too unbelievable that (once again) he was completely right.<br/><br/>5) how could Dumbledor be so completely wrong about Snape?!?!<br/><br/>6) Harry, Ron, and Hermione's decision at the end not to go to school next year. what's going to happen?!? how could they?!?<br/><br/>Although it seems like i have way more cons than pros, i really don't. this was still a great Harry Potter book, that i really enjoyed. Despite what some of the other reviewers may say, you most definitely should  read Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince.
 Great for kids of any age....me (I’m 68)
 Too bad so many people were bored or disappointed by this book. I found it dark and fascinating, probably the best  of the series so far.<br/><br/>  That said, the ending was pretty depressing. Not just the death, but  the fact that Harry isn't going back to Hogwarts and Ron and Hermione apparently are going to hang out with him.<br/><br/>  Hermione is way too smart to leave school, and I wanted Harry to become an auror. Maybe aurors won't be necessary after book seven, eh?<br/><br/>  I wasn't too pleased with the mangling of Bill Weasley either, though I liked the way Fleur came through,<br/><br/>  Unlike the readers who figured out early on who the half-blood prince was, I was a little surprised. But don't be fooled, Snape isn't a bad guy.  We're just supposed to think so.<br/><br/>  As for the mysterious R.A.B., I say it is Regulus Black, dearly departed brother of dearly departed Sirius.
 This was a Big Improvement over the last one. It was filled with dispense and has (probalby not only me but a lot of fans) craving for the finale installment. Let me also say as a fan and as a regular person that I truly believe that those people stating that this series is leading to children in witch craft are just down right wrong. For once instead of Children watching TV they are actually reading that to me is the best part of this series. I will now continue with the book review and my opinion is this might be the best book of them all and that is stating something becuase with the exception of Number 5 the order of the Phoenix all of them had myself reading them in a day or two. Book six only problem was really that it was a little to dark, but then again that is why it made it so good too. I am sad to say however that this series will probably never make a best literace book in schools because the school systems really do not know what is good reading is. If you want to get your kid into reading or yourself read this series. In all I know that this was not much of a review and more of a praising and complaining session but take it from me the books are better then the movies and way to go J.K Rowling you got me hooked. I can not wait for the seventh book.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, just like all its prequals, is a great, riviting, interesting story that you won't get tired of. I enjoyed thenew romances and the growing personalites of the characters. In Book 5 Harry is reduced to a shouting, irritable, not-likable character, but in book 6 he is restored to a more likable character.<br/><br/>I missed  some of the characters and events that were so important in previous book- (SPEW, the DA, Cho, Neville, Dobby, Winky, Luna...). In book 5 Neville and Luna had much more major roles than they do in 6, and SPEW and the DA are mentioned maybe once or twice. Also, in book 5, Harry is absolutely shattered by Sirius's death, while in book 6 he seems fully recovered, and this book is supposed to be taking place only two or three weeks after the ending of the 5th. While Sirius's death is mentioned some times, it is completely forgotten in others. Shouldn't the other characters, not just Harry, show some signs of mourning? And what about Lupin? He was Sirius's best friend, right?<br/><br/>The character of Ginny Weasely is thrown into a whole new light in Book 6, and then roughly pushed out of it again at the end. You can never really feel anything over the Ginny/Harry relationship because a) when they do break up, you are so invested in Dumbledore's death at the time that you aren't worrying about it, and b) their actual relationship is fairly nonexistant in the book, because the climax begins right when they begin to date.<br/><br/>And then there is the 'Snape is evil' thing. While the truth about him being the Half-Blood Pirnce is mildly surprising, I never really think that JK Rowling managed to pull it off. For one thing,  it is because of Dumbledore's mistkae that Snape is trusted in the first place, and he dies because of it. THat revelation really makes you challenge Dumbledore's suppposed personality of someone wise and powerful. For another, in Chapter 2 "Spinner's End,", Snape explains many of the reasons why he was never on Dumbledore's side. But, in Book 1, Snape saves Harry when Quirrel (aka Voldemort), is trying to curse him off of his broom during a Quidditch match. Why'd he do that, if he was evil?<br/><br/>Because of this, I agree with the people who think that somehow Snape will turn out to be a 'good guy' after all in Book 7.<br/><br/>Despite all of my complaints, I really do think that Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince really is an enjoyable, riviting, keeps-you-on-the-edge-of-your-seat book. It is one of my favorites in the series, and I can't wait until the final installment in Book 7.
 For a long time, Order of the Phoenix was my least favorite book, but over the years, that book has grown on me. Half-Blood Prince still has problems. It doesn't have as many interesting locations as Book 5, and not much happens in this one. The book is by no means boring, but it could have used more stuff. Why else would the filmmakers add so many significant things to the film version (more than the other films)? Because the book was lacking, of course.
 I noticed at the store that there were two covers for this book - one of which looked much more 'adult'.  Since I fully intend passing my copy on to my nephew, another mad fan, (that's my excuse and I'm sticking to it!) I went with the bright colourful one anyway.<br/><br/>I stayed up to almost 3am reading it.  It's not as long as the last one, but the twist at the end nearly had me in tears (or maybe that was just tiredness).  All the favourites are back and very obviously developing as people instead of staying stuck at where they were initially as some books tend to do - well done, JK.<br/><br/>If you love to let go of reality for a while and believe in magic - and lets face it, we all do (and maybe need to with what's happening in the real world these days) then you're going to love immersing yourself in the world of Hogwards once again.  Still, you finish this book with - if it's possible - even MORE of a sense that Harry's about to embark on the biggest adventure of his life.<br/><br/>How long til the next one?
 I thouroughly enjoyed this part of J.K Rowling's series. It contains many dark and mature themes, but also has its lighter moments. I was very suprised at the amount of negative reviews this book has received! Though this novel is quite a bit shorter than the 5th book, Rowling manages to capture the essence of what this potrion of the series is about. The sheer number of plotlines and story twists make this a very enjoyable, albeit somber tome. Rowling manages to make her readers feel what the characters are feeling long after they complete the book.<br/><br/>  My only criticism is that the book progressed very fast, often skipping many important parts. I believe Rowling should have added 100 pages or so and cleared up any lingering issues.<br/><br/>  Other than that, I have nothing but praise for this book and its author. I only hope book 7 comes out relatively quickly.
 This is my favorite book in the entire series.<br/>The characters are a little older, and are getting into serious relationships.<br/>Harry realises he has feelings for ginny.<br/> I can safely say the harry potter series has changed me life.<br/>Harry's world is unique. Harry is a believable, flawed character.<br/>All characters are well developed, and the series is beautifully thought out.
 I just finished HP and the 1/2 blood Prince and it was not what I expected.  Like other authors writing a series, this book has really lost the excitement of the first 6.  It didn't catch me quickly (p. 73 when Dumbledore mentioned knitting patterns- I knit and it caught my attention).  But he wasn't the same strong wizard with a commanding prescence and a sly sense of humor as before.  Harry and friends seemed to have grown but the dalliances between the kids seemed more like gossip and very trite.<br/><br/>I have to admit that I am extremely angry about the person who died.  I can't imagine Book 7 without this person "in the flesh."  The death was too easy and I still can't believe that this person tried to persuade the first assassin not to do it because assassin #1 is still innocent.  I also can't believe that this person was so naieve!!!<br/><br/>Extreme Harry Potter fans may love this book.  Casual fans will be disappointed.  I am surprised that there is not more outrage over who JKR decided to kill off in this book, though, having read the other reviews.
 Each time I read another book in the series I wonder how it could possibly be better than the previous one and they never disappoint. This book was wonderful start to finish. I'm bummed out there is only one left in the series, but I can't wait to get to it!
 First off,let me say that I have an enormous respect for J.K. Rowling and for all authors for that matter. However, to me it's clear that she is running out of steam on the Harry Potter series. I liked the first three books quite a bit, but thought that four and five were disappointing. I was "cautiously optimistic" about The Half-Blood Prince.<br/><br/>The book starts off slow. In the first 50-60 pages literally nothing happens. Nothing new or interesting is introduced. Harry gets ready to go back to Hogwarts. Big deal.  In the middle of the book, Harry and Dumbledore explore through pensieves the early years of Voldemort, which was my favorite part of the book. There is also a lot of dopey romance between the various main characters and the requisite Quidditch games. In the end, Dumbledore gets killed, the bad guys win, and nothing is resolved.<br/><br/>I think that the reason I haven't been satisfied with her last three books is that many things at the core of her story simply don't make sense. Perhaps Ms. Rowling is so powerful and so much in control of her empire that no one dares point these things out to her. For example, the death-eaters use curses that kill. The good guys use curses that temporarily disable their opponent. Why don't the good guys use spells that kill or at least permanently disable the bad guys? Because they're not supposed to? Why?  J.K. Rowling also wants to include every possible mythical beast into her stories including werewolves. The lead werewolve is on a mission to convert the wizards into werewolves by biting them. This presents a story problem. One werewolf bites two wizards resulting in three werewolves. The three werewolves bite three more wizards resulting in six werewolves and so on. It wouldn't be long before there wouldn't be any wizards left and Ms Rowling never addresses this "problem" with that story line.<br/><br/>For that matter, the school of Hogwarts itself doesn't make any sense. What is the point of having one section of the school, the Slytherin House, that is devoted to evil? Yeah, let's put all the students who might have a tendency towards dark magic in one place and let them collaborate and study together to become really powerful dark wizards so they can serve Lord Voldemort when the graduate.<br/><br/>I realize that in a world as complicated as she has created that is hard to make everything fit together, but I can't completely suspend my disbelief on some of the more glaring plot holes. She has made the bad guys too omniscient and all-powerful and the good guys are too incompetent (except Harry, Hermione, and Ron of course). I'm assuming that in next book Harry will defeat Voldemort (who supposedly is all-powerful and immortal) and put everything to right, but I'm afraid the solution will seem very contrived.
 If the Harry Potter series were ever to be known as a classic beyonds its time, the sixth book will surely be the one that sets its course.<br/><br/>It is highly intriguing to see how the Harry Potter series has developed throught the ages. In the first two books of the series, I cannot help but notice a clear sense of escapism that characterizes the whole book. A helpless boy in his miserable and dull life, only to discover one day that his potentials lie beyond his imagination, that he is to experience a whole new magical wold at Hogwarts and meet new friends which truely care for him.<br/><br/>But as the series goes on, the magical world which he embraces so dearly is not what it seems anymore. As Harry grows older, and more mature, he discovers a world of treachery, lies and the ugliness of obsession towards the concept of power and fame. And all of a sudden when it comes to book 6, not even Hogwarts, the school which had his heart so attached to, was longer a place of bliss anymore. Escapism has returned to realism, as there is no place in the world free of torture and sufferings in which he could escape to.<br/><br/>I'm exceptionally impressed by how the characters have been developed to give a much more dynamic personality, and not just the black and white distinction. In book6, we find out that not all Slytherins are as bad as we think afterall, even Draco Malfoy gives me alot of sympathy, and the greatest wizard of all can make grave mistakes. Present evil deeds are being traced to its origins, in which we find is somewhat smpathetic afterall. I'm sure J.K Rowling has been working hard on the psychology.<br/><br/>Reading Harry is like growing up with Harry, in book6, we see a truely grown-up Harry ready to face his destiny, as the simple world is gradually becoming a more complicated one, and the black and white view of personality is replaced by a more dynamic one.<br/><br/>I can also say this is no longer merely children's fiction anymore, anyone of any age can learn something from it, and (of course) will enjoy the fun and excitement throughout the book.
 This is my favorite in the series so far. So much of the mystery behind the boy who lived has been revealed and at a terrible cost. I'm excited about reading The Deathly Hallows.  I hope that Harry avenged the murder of his parents, and I really hope he's done being an impulsive and moody teenager.
 After reading the other five books and thoroughly enjoying them, I looked forward very much to this most recent addition in the series.  However, I was sorely dissapointed.  First, there was minimal-to-no character development.  By the 6th year Harry should be becoming a very good wizard, and a bit more mature.  One would think that he should listen to Dumbledore and follow his instruction/advice.  However, as was typical in the 13 year-old Harry, he continue to not follow instruction, which frankly becomes infuriating at times.  With regards to character development, there is very little with Slughorn.  At the beginning of the book there is a very good introduction of him, but then he is forgotten almost entirely.  Lastly, I am extremely dissappointed with the story line and ending.  I will not give away the ending, but I am so tired of all the "good guys" dying in these books (e.g., Harry's Parents, Sirius, Cedrick, and the character in this book), but none of the bad guys get whats coming to them (other than some unnamed/inconsequential bad guy in this book).  Overall, extemely disappointed.  If you want to read a book and feel good at the end, definitely read the first 5 but SKIP THIS BOOK.
 Having seen the movies which amazed and captivate ... the books go much farther to reveal pockets of information that add more dimension! JK Rowling is a hero of our times.
 Was it just me that felt kicked in the stomach by this story?  I've always loved Rowling's storytelling:  I'm entertained, delighted, tickled and warmed by her creativity and wit.  I thought I'd feel as comforted and cheered by this book as I did the previous ones.  Rowling has every right to tell whatever story she wants to tell, but I felt like I might as well have had one of my teenagers simply pick up a newspaper and read it to me.  Book Six became an allegory of our present time, and I've got plenty of that--I missed my escapist fantasy!!!!  I keep thinking of the footage I saw of small children standing in hopeful lines at bookstores with their Gryffindor costumes and Harry Potter glasses.  These kids will read and learn that 1) parents and those we love will die; 2) there is nobody who can keep us safe; 3) first impressions are correct, where greasy-haired, black-clothes-wearing people are concerned; 4) it's a bad idea to forgive and give people second chances; 5) let your friends go--it's best not to get attached (plus, we gotta save SOME cast members to kill off in the final series).  I'm sure Rowling will have surprising turns and twists in the last book, but I am disappointed to be left with this depressing imagery for two more years!!!!!!!!
 I had to post a review; in so many of the entries I've read for this series of Harry Potter audio books, the reviewer comments on the plot line of the specific book, not the product itself. Allow me to share my thoughts. Being a fan of the series to begin with, perhaps I'm a little biased, but the listening experience offers a way to enjoy the story like no other. Jim Dale has to be, hands down, the best reader I have ever had the pleasure of hearing. He is so incredibly talented at recreating each of the characters' voices, personalities and emotions, after just a short time the listener can forget she is listening to just one person. Listening to the audio book also allows me to enjoy the story in various settings where the actual book just would not be practical; during a long commute, at work, running errands (mp3), cleaning, walks, etc. The audio book can offer a relaxing experience as well; Dale's voice is soothing, and you don't have to worry about eye strain - after a long day of staring at a computer, sometimes I prefer to just let my eyes rest. I highly, highly recommend the entire series via audio book - start with the first one; you won't be disappointed.
 It appears there are two sides to the Harry Potter fan camp- One believes the first book was the best in the series. The other (which I can relate to) feels the series has gotten richer and more complex as it has progressed.  Book 6 offers no shortage of surprises in its effort of pulling the characters along.  Fans of the past 5 will find much to appreciate.  Unfortunately only 1 more and the series all comes to an end.  I've been sending out feelers to other fantasy works to fill the void:<br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Uncommon-Adventures-Of-Tucker-O-Doyle/dp/0979400686">The Uncommon Adventures Of Tucker O'Doyle</a><br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Night-Of-The-Stalkers/dp/0979335825">Night Of The Stalkers</a><br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Eragon-Inheritance-Book-1/dp/044023848X">Eragon (Inheritance, Book 1)</a><br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Eldest-Inheritance-Book-2/dp/0375840400">Eldest (Inheritance, Book 2)</a>
 Another exciting year at Hogwarts awaits Harry Potter. Each day begins with Harry, Ron, and Hermione checking the obituary section of the newspaper for familiar names. Death Eaters are murdering people and Voldemort's return grows nearer. Teenage drama occurs between the main characters and this includes love and hate. The biggest shock of the entire series lies within the last couple chapters of this book.<br/><br/>  This was the best Harry Potter book yet! J.K. Rowling's style is like no other. Her description of the setting and characters in this book is just amazing. No matter where she takes you in her books you can picture yourself there. When I read her books I see the Hogwarts castle, Hogsmeade, and the Forbidden Forrest in my mind. Each setting she creates evokes a different emotion. When Harry is at the Dursely's house you feel his isolation and loneliness. Then when he arrives at Hogwarts or the Burrow you too feel his sense of belonging. Rowling's ability to write round characters is also outstanding. Each of them has depth and significance. You come to know her characters and start predicting their reactions to the situations she creates in the story. You also start predicting what will happen with the characters in the next book. Harry, of course, is the most developed character. I love Rowling's books because you really see Harry Potter grow up. From book one to this you see his personality evolve. His humor changes, he starts to form views on issues, and he experiences new emotions and the whole time it feels as though you're experiencing them with him. J.K. Rowling's style is very unique and not like anyone else's. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is a must read as well as the rest of the Harry Potter series.
 It's a good book and a lot better than the previous. It seems like there isn't a lot going on however until Harry completes one task requested of him. You wait a third of the book for him to do the task requested and when he does it the plot moves forward and the book is over. Seems like not a lot went on this book compared to book 3, 4. The book could easily be shorter and have the same effect. Feels like the author ran out of ideas but wants it to be 800 pages anyway.
 Rowling's sixth installment of Harry Potter is every bit as spellbinding as the others. Shorter than the previous volume by a couple of hundred pages, the plot advances a bit more rapidly, reaching its pinnacle in a dramatic, high-action confrontation between good and evil.<br/><br/>I particularly enjoyed the development of the relationship between Dumbledore and Harry, as Harry was increasingly taken into the old wizard's confidence through flashback sessions with the pensieve. Dumbledore's mentorship for Harry advances to a partnership, and the two become nearly, but not quite, equals as they set out on a heart-stopping quest together.<br/><br/>As the book reaches its poignant conclusion, Harry has reached a new level of maturity that will take him to what is sure to be a gripping and grand finale. Many questions remain at the end of "Half-Blood Prince." It's going to be a long wait to find out how they all resolve.
 As this novel came out on my birthday, I was extremely pleased by such a wonderful present as to the reading of the next installment of my favourite novels. The Order of The Pheonix had left me not too happy with Harry, the novel being full to the brim with angst and sort of even an angry undertone throughout the book. This theme is ( fortunatley) gone in the Half Blood Prince and it truly leads the way for a great book. Parts of this book are heart wrenching, heart warming and very very good. This Book will not disapoint fans of Harry Potter and is a wonderful lead up to the grand finale, book 7. Good job, Ms Rowling!
 Enjoyed this book the best of series.  It showed Harry's development. his ability to judge people, and to depth of evil in dark magic.
 Rowling works her magic again with this sixth work in the Harry Potter series, a light tale in an increasingly dark world. As the magical world crumbles around them, Harry and his friends try to maintain a happy life. This life of budding love and old friendships between characters now known and beloved by many is the focus of the book, even as news comes in of constant attacks and a helpless government which can do nothing but project false hopes. While the backdrop is rich and disturbing, what I savored most was the witty dialogue, particularly when Albus Dumbledore, the beacon of hope, is involved. He inspires by walking through chaos lightly, showing that life is possible even in the darkest times.<br/><br/>Over the course of this book, Harry must learn reluctantly to deal with the weight of the world on his shoulders. Once the innocent adventurer, by the end of the book Rowling has transformed him into the tragic hero, who knows that he, and he alone, can bring peace- and dreads the prospects. To prepare us for the grand finale, we are lead through a fascinating tour of Harry's greatest enemy, Lord Voldemort, learning how he came from a background not unlike our hero's, to be the most feared tyrant in the wizarding world. Rowling manages to inject empathy into even these segments, and never allows the antagonist to degenerate into the inhuman, dismissable villain the reader would anticipate and perhaps feel more comfortable with.<br/><br/>In the end, I began to appreciate just how brilliant the continuity between books has been, as plot threads from the entire series unravel completely to give way to a more sinister future. J. K. Rowling is a master at her craft; no Harry Potter fan -or nonfan- should pass up this classic book.
 I don't want to give away anything that one should discover on their own while reading this book, so please forgive me if this little review can be a little bit vague.<br/><br/>Be forewarned, though.  It is the second-to-last book.  This automatically means it needs to be the darkest and saddest of the books to build up to an emotional, whirl-wind finale.<br/><br/>Harry Potter returns in this 6th book of the series.  We meet up with him once again at the Dursleys as he awaits the beginning of his next year at Hogwarts.  But we also meet up with the government of the wizarding community who is having nothing but bad luck in the war against Lord -- well -- he-who-must-not-be-named.<br/><br/>After Harry gets to Hogwarts, new mysteries abound.  For one, Harry is getting mysterious help from the so-called "Half-blood Prince."  Only because J.K. Rowling felt it necessary to share, I will tell you that the Half-blood Prince is neither Harry nor Lord Voldemort.  While trying to discover his true identity, he is also perplexed by the strange actions of Draco Malfoy and he also attempts to discover what it is that he is up to.  On top of this, Harry and Dumbledore are working together to piece together the past of Lord Voldemort so that they may discover what it will take to finally destroy him.<br/><br/>When asked if another main character will die, J.K. Rowling answered, "Yes.  Sorry."  I don't think many really cried (as the author had) at the death of the main character in book 5 (Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix) but I can imagine that many eyes will not remain dry at the end of this book.  Mine remained dry, but this is only because I'm a self-centered, heartless, uncaring prat.<br/><br/>But it is not all woa and misery for Harry Potter.  Some good things do happen to him, one of which I had been hoping for since book 2 (Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets).<br/><br/>The mark of a good book is when you don't want it to end, and you couldn't put the book down until you got there.  Well, this is such a book.  The entire Harry Potter series has been fantastic, but I haven't enjoyed a Harry Potter book like this since the first one.  It is fantastically paced and almost impossible to set down.  The end is satisfying, but whets your appetite for book 7.  If you've loved the Harry Potter series, of course, don't stop now!!  You will find this book to be a wonderful read with its deep imagination, wonderful characters (familiar and new), mind-boggling twists, rich story, fantastic dialogue, and incredible ending.
 The sixth book was really good, well written, and fast paced. My teenaged son thinks it's the best so far. I won't go that far, as my personal favorite is "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire". Rowlings can't write them fast enough for me, and, yes, Harry Potter is for adults as well as for children.<br/><br/>A word of caution to parents of children under 12 and sensitive teens, I don't believe these books have really been for young children since the second book. This is a fantastic series which is getting children to read, but as Harry, Ron, and Hermoine mature (they're 17 now not 11), the stories are becoming more violent, and characters are getting seriously injured or even dying. I believe that parents should preview this book before giving it to older children to read or reading it to younger children. As I've said, my son and I loved the book, but the content/climax will likely upset many readers, especially those under age 12.
 This is the book I enjoyed the most of the series. The action this book offers is vivid, intense, and gripping. When comparing this book to the others I read from the series, this was the most appealing to my interest regarding action and adventure. The whole plot is very intriguing and surely, kept me turning the pages. The whole series is amazing, I just happened to enjoy this one the most.
 love the ending to this series... even though I was kind of depressed because it was over..
 The big story arc of the whole HP series really moves in this one.  Props to J.K. for giving us Voldemort's back-story without resorting to a lot of dull exposition.  It's funny, exciting, and, most significantly, heart-breaking.  A word of warning to younger and older readers alike: there are some definite "Bambi's-Mother" moments in "The Half-Blood Prince."  If you're embarrassed about getting glassy-eyed in public, you'd better read the last few chapters at home.
 The first book was good, undeniably readable and definately a childrens book. The second one was an impressive follow up. Despite the hype around the first book Rowling held her ground. The third book entered the adult world without leaving children behind and looked at the nature of people in a very apealing way. The fourth book continued on the track of the third one even as it was wildly different, more disturbing, less redeming. But still Harry Potter remained Harry Potter with luck that most of us wouldn't mind having. Even though he witnessed pain and true evil he laughted again as any human must. The fifth book was also excellent. Different, painfull, still cheesy Harry Potter. The Twins spiced up the fifth book wonderfully. The sixth book is something else entirely. I wasnt entirely sure weather i was reading it becuase it was Harry Potter and i couldnt let go of the characters or because it was a good book. Rowling has created an entire universe full of quirks and stories that remain untold. The Half-Blood Prince was so layered and had so many ends waiting to be pressued. Its a miricle that she managed any kind of closer with the book. I would have loved a novel on each chapter. The Half Blood Prince was subtal. I think that perhaps one can gain as much as they want from it. She did a good job nailing what it's like to be a teenager. Sometimes we dont see whats right under our nose. And Hormones are a very ligitamate thing to be writing about if one is writing about teenagers. I also think that it's absolute cruelty to make us wait two more years to continue those lives. It blew me away that she managed to write the turmoil of life into an utterly cheesy Harry Potter ending. SHe continues to get better and even though the book was slightly predictable it was...cosmic.
 The tone of this book was so much different than the others. I found myself slowing down and looking for other things to do around the house. At first, I thought it was because I wanted to savor every moment of the unknown in Harry's world. I mean, we have to wait until how long for the next one???<br/><br/>Anyway, as I went further along in the book I couldn't resist speeding up to the end. Once I shut the book and stared at the cover, I realized what my dreadful feeling was that I was unable to name earlier in my reading. The tone wasn't of an innocent kid anymore but of a young man struggling to find his place amidst adversity. Like most children do in real life, I had raced through all the fun and childlike times to come to this place. It was an emotional rollercoaster of safety and happiness, only to find cold hard life waiting at the end.<br/><br/>For us older readers, we already have that waiting for us. Harry was a retreat into more youthful times and it's gone.<br/><br/>But just the very fact that Rowling has that ability to write in such a way. To take us back and then to transition us in Harry's growth to adulthood is so amazing. These are definitely stories that I will share with my future children and encourage them to pass on to future generations.
 This series gets better and better. The sixth book has remained one of my personal favourites through and through. It's darker than most the previous and it shows Harry accept his role in the series completely. It shows him grow and learn so much as well as the other characters. The ending will always be difficult to read, but terrific in its own way.
 I've been a fan of JKR's books since reacing Chamber of Secrets when it released. I'm an adult fan and have been active in the whole fan community, etc. I guess you could say I came in to this with a big fan's mentality.<br/><br/>I really DID enjoy the book, but I found it a bit predictable in parts. I anticipated 'the death', but found it almost anticlimactic. There has to be more to this!<br/><br/>I was a bit disappointed in the romances and lack of development. The one couple has been almost predestined for a few books, but the second one (Harry and ********)...I was disappointed. I wanted to see the build up of a relationship there. She did a better job establishing Harry and Cho.<br/><br/>Some of the twists and turns were refreshing while others just led to questions, butI guess that's what JKR does best.<br/><br/>I do wish she'd give us a HEA sometime. The last three books have all featured a death in the last quarter of the book. I miss closing a Harry Potter book with a happy sigh of contentment.
 A truly excellent book! Harry, Ron, and Hermione embark on their sixth year at Hogwarts. Harry is having private lessons with Dumbledore. Strange things are happening, Harry thinks Draco Malfoy is behind it. Could he be right? Find out in this excellent book!<br/><br/>By janedough's daughter
 Unsettling is definitely the best word to describe this book, particulary once you find out who's the Half Blood Prince and who died. (keep the tissues handy, it's somebody really important. I never dreamed this person would die.)I felt this same way after reading Lord of the Rings, and keep finding a lot more similarities between the two sagas, unintended though they may be. The Inferi is one of them, and reminded me forcefully of the Dead Marshes. With that in mind, this book probably isn't appropriate for the younger readers unless they are mentally mature. If books had movie ratings, this one would be a PG 13 along the lines of LOTR.<br/><br/>It still has its funny parts, but the humor is overshadowed by the fear of evil, and laughter quickly stops. The romantic sub-plot is awkward and causes more friction among friends than I would like. The new teacher (No, it's not a DADA teacher) also is a bit unremarkable, though important.<br/><br/>With all its downsides, why then, you wonder, did I give it five stars? It is a literary accomplishment and is along the same line as some of the "classics", though readers might hate Rowling for killing off that character! I just hope that book 7 ends happily and satisfactorily.
 Harry really amazed me this time his bravery goes unoticed. Hoping all the mysteries and questions we are left with will ne answere. This series is one of the best to grace our pages.
 I cannot stop reading. Funny
 Finished reading the book after a marathon session ending at 4:00 am. I was impressed enough to want to write a review, knowing fully well that it won't make an iota of difference to the record sales of the book- I just need to get it out of me!!<br/><br/>Comparisons to the only other 7 part series of books that I've read- Stephen King's Dark Tower saga, were rushing through my mind, and in some ways the book does resemble Songs of Susannah, which I think set the tone for the finale of the Dark Tower pretty well, too. I personally loved the ending of the Dark Tower saga, but I do hope that JK Rowling comes up with a much more popular, yet sensible end to this series.<br/><br/>First impressions on starting the book- The writing had taken on an urgent and darker tone, fitting with the situation, with Death eaters running rampant, and paranoia being the order of the day.<br/>After a few chapters,though, it settled back onto familiar ground with classes, quidditch, and of course the romance angle between harry and ginny and ron and hermione. I was thinking, "oh no, it's going to be just like the other books" (which is not really a bad thing, just that the penultimate part of the series should be much more than a "been there, done that" kinda book). That's when J.K Rowling notches up the heat and things go into free-fall, leading effectively to the final showdown with the Death eaters, and ending with the most poignant moment of the entire series - nowhere else in the entire series(or in any other book I've read) was the feeling of losing a close friend been described so beautifully.<br/>Ginny is the biggest revelation of the book. Till the previous book, to me she was just Ron's younger sister, who seemed to have a crush on Harry. But she really blooms as a strong, yet very feminine person in this book, and makes a fitting foil for Harry. I hope their relationship works out in the seventh book.<br/><br/>So, to sum up:<br/>Pros:<br/>1) Good story, great writing<br/>2) Fills in some gaps in the storyline, especially how Tom Riddle became Lord Voldemort, while leaving you panting for more.<br/>3) Sad, but beautifully written ending<br/>4) Ginny- I think I'm in love with her. :)<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>1) The ending was a little Spider-man -ish, but then it made perfect sense, so can't really call this as a con.<br/><br/>Hope y'all enjoy the book.
 Always a great read,always something you forgot or missed, hopefully a story from Petunia will come or Dudley' s children  starts showing signs.
 From beginning to end things are comming to a conclusion.
 Although the 5th book was not as good as expected, J.K.Rowling has done it again. This 6th book of the series is a phenomenal success, with a surprise twist in some parts. Some tragedy are occured, and if you have feelings, I'm probably sure that you will be disconsolate about the death of... well, read the book to find out!<br/><br/>After the infantile act of Harry in the 5th book, he now has the power to control his anger/feelings. Rowling has articulated what Harry Potter is about, and that makes the book my 2nd favorite in the series.<br/><br/>I would recommend this book to anyone who's 10+ year old. Maybe you should have a dictionary with you just in case you find some hard words you don't understand. I hope you'll enjoy the book, and feel the magic of Harry Potter.
 I finished this book late last night, tearfully and with a real sense of how important the final installment of the series will be. I am glad that Rowling isn't afraid to add massive changes in character to the plot, or to shock what I'm sure are many of her readers' preconcieved notions of favorite characters. I have to say that the ultimate betrayal at the end was alarming and provoking. I am glad to have felt this way about any piece of fiction.<br/><br/>Some fans have issues with the addition of romantic material to her storyline, which is understandable coming from a younger portion of her readership as much of this is not yet on their own radar screens. Ultimately, though, love is an important piece of any story that depends so deeply on such formulaic and ancient paradigms such as good/evil, hope/hopelessness, fear/bravery, love/hate, etc... Also, she's making them real people and that's also appealing. I found this aspect of the storyline intriguing.<br/><br/>I was particularly grateful for the omission of pages and pages worth of explanation of former storyline details that we have been subject to earlier books.  An example is when Mrs. Weasley comments that Harry had now saved three of the family's members when Ron is recovering in the infirmary. In the earlier books, Rowling would have launched into exhausting summaries of Ginny's capture in book 2 and Arthur's in book 5. In this way, Rowling gives her readers credit as experts and informed participants.<br/><br/>Thiking about my young students eagerly awaiting the book's release this summer, I am a bit concerned that the darkness and loss will be a disappointment and perhaps even a turnoff for the final chapter. Though this seems like an inevitable aspect of the plot development, it is the one "downside" that I attribute to The Half-Blood Prince. As an adult reader, I found it moving and exhilirating.<br/><br/>I now eagerly await the final book, though I will be horribly sad when it's all over.
 Don’t know how these books are so good and I’ve never read them until now. Whether you’ve watched the movies or not, read these books
 A lot of people don't realize how difficult it is to write truly GOOD children's literature. All those who have been succesful in that genre have been able to strike the delicate balance between simple writing and complex plots. Rowling is a master of this. Her writing is not overly verbose or filled with Faulkneresque pages of description. Her style is elegant, but simple. The complexity and maturity are not in the words themselves, but in the plot.<br/><br/>These are no longer children's books that tip toe lightly around mature issues. Rowling has slowly increased the maturity of the books as her target audience has grown up (and for those of us who have been reading them as adults the whole time, the stories have finally caught up to our age). The presence of evil is strong now. Characters we know and love are being put through horrible ordeals as they fight for justice, and some of them are even being ruthlessly murdered. It is clear that no one is safe from harm, and that keeps the readers on the edge of their seats, because we have no idea what's going to happen next. Rowling has spent several years gradually making her charcters very real and very close to her readers. This was a brilliant move, because it isn't until she has established this strong connection between the characters and the readers that she introduces true evil into the plot. Only now, we can no longer read passively. We care about these people. We feel genuine joy when they fall in love, we feel genuine fear when they are in danger, and we feel geuine sadness when they are harmed.<br/><br/>True, if you haven't read the other books you probably won't enjoy this one very much. But the plot is so complicated at this point that it would be impossible to waste any time getting new-comers up to speed. So, if you've loved the books so far, you'll love this one too. And if you haven't read them yet, then go and correct that error. Trust me - I was a skeptic once too. But then I picked up the first book to see what all the commotion was about...and I've been a fan ever since. Trust me, you don't want to miss out on this!<br/><br/>It's a good thing we've spent 6 years in the stable, structured environment of Hogwarts. Because the final pages of Book 6 unleash chaos and evil unlike any this series has ever known. The lines have been drawn and the stage is set for what promises to be an explosive finale to the series. I can't wait!
 It deserves only 1 and a half stars not two really.<br/><br/>After the last three GOOD books in the series we would expect another good one -- but the result falls short by far.  It is full of seruious plot holes, and if we remove them hardly any plot remains.<br/><br/>As others pointed out first three quaters looks more like filler -- we are only exited by waiting when finally stuff starts happening.  And the rest I'd rather exchenge for the filler.  It's like a low-budget B-class movie unfolding -- and even that only sets up a teaser for the next book.  Go figure.<br/><br/>If I were JKR I'd better postpone the release by a year or too until the expected quality is approached and get some ideas, or ask help of co-authors or reviewers.  Sure the fans would break record sales up front if just cower was sold with all empty pages, but is it fair?<br/><br/>I'm even more disappointed thinking of the final book -- from this setup whatever happens it's almost impossible to be good.  I read fans speculating how we can read what happened in a different light -- too bad saving some character destroy sanity of others.  (I avoid spoilers.)  And the book shall be like a Fantasy game on a computer collecting the set of quest items, then go capture the emperor like in Return of the Jedi.<br/><br/>Besides the (lack of) plot I didn't like the structure and the writing either, the other books had a good rythm, at certain pace either exciting or fun stuff happened -- not this time.<br/><br/>And if the other books we could learn some piece of substantial wisdom (maybe not new but definitely worth recalling) I couln't locate it in this book.<br/><br/>If that is not enough character development is sacrificed too to keep some "plot secrets" a few pages longer, so Potter just repeats the same mistake he already (should have by all means) learnt not to do ever again.  Especially after losing Sirius recently.<br/><br/>I don;t suggest anyone "skip this book" as it would be pointless -- go and read it, judge yourself, though I suggest to be prepared for disappointment, and maybe you better use a borrowed copy for trial, as it shall not hare shelf place with the other books in the series.
 I at first hesitated at reading Harry Potter just as I did with Percy Jackson, since I was into books like warriors and Redwall. Now I am reading them so fast I finish them in around two days. Of course, their are surprises (some I dislike others I love) so expect the unexpected. Go Harry Potter!<br/><br/>  Please note: this review was written by a nine year old.
 Like everyone, I waited with bated breath for the 6th book to come out, and had it preordered. I read it in 3 days and of all 6 books so far, this is my least favorite. The story felt rushed to me and I missed the more descriptive way in which Rowling wrote the previous 5 books. What happened to the owls? to Crookshanks? Other than a few mentions in the beginning, we never read another thing about them. Even past characters like Neville Longbottom didn't have much of a part in the story. The things I did enjoy were finding out more of Voldemort's past and the introduction of Greyback, though his mention was also brief. I also liked that Rowling started the book differently than in the past. I missed the more lighthearted comic relief though, especially in the form of the Dursleys. Not mentioned enough! I was also disappointed in Snape's character. He was much more interesting in the previous books. I hope the 7th book wraps up all the loose ends!
 Order of the Phoenix had a lot of action.  This book, however, is more talking and setting the scene for seven, as well as catching the reader up on the past.  The ending is surprising, as usual with the HP series.  It was the best book I read this summer, and it is well-worth reading.  We all have our favorites, mine just happens to be five.  Harry Potter isn't cheating either, he just has a very helpful book, and he is taking advantage of the opportunity.  I'm sure if anyone bought a textbook at the used bookstore with highlighter over the important parts they would take advantage of it.  Though it isn't quite the same with Harry, it is as close as I can relate it.
 I'm so looking forward to the last book in the series. This book just left me eager for the next!
 I think that this book was the best of the Harry Potter series by far. JK Rowling really enables the reader to picture Harry growing up. Now 16, he has much more to deal with, including the prophecy revealed to him by Professor Albus Dumbledore in the last book. Teenagers can somewhat identify with Harry, a feat considering that Harry's world is so different from ours.<br/><br/>The book opens in a markedly different way than J.K. Rowling's previous five masterpieces, with a scene in which the Muggle Prime Minister of Britain meets the Minister of Magic. The chapter is meant to show the far-reaching effects of Voldemort's return. Even Muggles - nonmagical folk - are starting to notice.<br/><br/>Even Chapter 2 doesn't go straight to Harry's predicament at 4 Privet Drive - rather, it focuses on Severus Snape, a double agent for the Order of the Phoenix and the Death Eaters, calling his loyalties into question. This question is not quite answered even by the end of the book, leaving the reader in suspense for the last book.<br/><br/>The twists and turns of this book are often unexpected, although there are a few things that are glaringly obvious. For instance, romance is in the air for the Hogwarts students. Even Harry, distracted by his classwork, the prophecy, and "lessons" with Dumbledore, notices how Ron and Hermione act near each other, although the two in question seem not to notice. J.K. Rowling says that by the end of the book, what is going on between Ron and Hermione should be perfectly clear - she admits to having dropped "anvil-sized hints" throughout the series. Even Harry finally finds some romance, a a bit of a reprieve in his war-torn world.<br/><br/>Though the ending is unexpected and sad - a character dies, it brings up more questions as to what will happen in the next book. Though it does seem that this whole book is basically setting up the reader for what happens in book 7, it is still a masterpiece in and of itself. J.K. Rowling weaves in subtle hints for everything that you don't even recognize until the second time around.<br/><br/>I recommend this book not only for children, but for teenagers and adults as well. It's more than just a children's fantasy story - J.K. Rowling creates a whole world in which the characters are completely believable as people, and who grow up and learn through their experiences. All in all, it is a great book.
 I like everything
 I don't know how she does it, JK Rowling remembers what being 16 was like better than I do, and it was only 2 years ago for me.  In the latest volume of the Harry Potter epic... well I shan't say what happens, but I can give my honest testimony that, between shamelessly loud laughs and wracking sobs, I concluded that this was one of the finest examples of fantasy literature I have ever come across.  It is not, like earlier books in the series, appropriate bedtime story material-- indeed, much of the content is too harrowing and mature for children under the age of thirteen, and parents of younger ones will find themselves reading far into the night in their children's stead.  Despite some overlong conversations in the middle of the book, and points where I just wanted the subplots to give way to the true meat of the story (for I was grasped with a hungry anxiety and thirst for more), I grasped the tome needfully far after I finished reading.  Rowling once again displays her great understanding for her characters and audience (I did once or twice spot some wordings that could have been nods to fansites), and reassures us of the love that went into crafting her 6th masterpiece.  It is a love that survives even in the face of most dire peril, and the sad prospect that the seventh novel is both distant, and last.
 I'm a big fan of the Harry Potter series.  I'm reviewing this particular one because it was the 1st HP book I listened to as an audiobook.  My review will focus mainly on that fact.<br/><br/>On the audiobook:<br/>Quite simply, the audiobook version is AWESOME.  Stephen Fry is (IMHO) possibly the greatest narrator ever.  His British accent isn't hard to understand at all, and it keeps the story in England.  It's delightful!  His characters' voices are spot on, not just with the actors from the movie, but with the character's vocal expressions. You can hear the excitement, the pain, the laughter in his voice.<br/><br/>In general, I hadn't been a fan of audiobooks, but when faced with a cross-country move with my sister, this book kept us awake and alert. It also kept us from going at each other's throats!! So if you have rowdy children or siblings or spouses, perhaps audiobooks are the key to a comfortable and quiet road-trip!  Of course, having to stop the car for food/gas/bathroom breaks means stopping the story mid-chapter, which can be surprisingly irritating when you're at a gripping climactic point (2nd half of book). Having read the book before, I knew what to expect, so I knew when we could stop without breaking the momentum or when we couldn't.  I can't really say that it'd be great for work, because if you start to pay attention too much to the story, you'll drown out everything else and might not hear your boss (unless that's the effect you want)!<br/><br/>But be warned: you may start talking with a British accent at the end of the day! :)<br/><br/>On the story:<br/>The story itself is intriguing and complex, weaving between numerous side stories and the main story of Harry and Dumbledore's quest. Albeit not my favourite book of the series (Harry and his teen angst/obsession gets rather annoying for bits), the story is thrilling and deep -- mostly the 2nd half when things pick up.<br/><br/>Overall, the book is OK, but the narration makes up for it and is totally enjoyable.
 Werewolves, wizards, and magic, oh my! Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince takes you on a wild ride through a mystical world that Rowling so brilliantly paints. This novel is the sixth and second-to-last book in the Harry Potter series in which Harry is in his sixth year at Hogwarts, a school for young wizards. The fearful, notorious Lord Voldemort has grown more evil and brutal and his followers, or "Death Eaters," are growing more treacherous. Seeking vengeance for his lost ones and knowledge about Lord Voldemort's history, Harry travels alongside the Hogwart's master, Dumbledore, in his attempt to fulfill a prophecy given in the fifth book.<br/><br/>This is a dazzling tale as Harry Potter experiences fear, love, and feelings of hate and revenge in which the reader is suspended between moments of humor and suspense, constantly questioning the loyalty of each character.  This book finally answers the many questions left open in the previous books and is therefore a "must read" for all Harry Potter fans.  While our mind is trapped in this complex but fascinating, imaginary world, we also learn life values expressed as themes such as "love conquers all" and that "knowledge and friendship equal power." Don't miss out on this fabulous tale!
 I have to agree with some of the earlier reviews - this is NOT the best of the series. However, I think from the earlier books, particularly OotP, there was a lot of information that JK needed to impart before even attempting to wrap up the series with the 7th book. Yes, in some ways it is 'contrived', and I'd even say strained. Harry's little romance in particular was a bone thrown to the tween female readers, and quickly sacrificed for the sake of the plot. Really, what was the point? The quidditch bits, run ins with Draco and Snape, all were the same mold as we've seen before.<br/><br/>Really, it's not a bad book by any means, but be warned in advance - a lot of talk, little action until the very end, but if you're looking forward to the conclusion of the series, don't skip this one. You'll need all the background and plot tie-ins for it to make any sense from what I've picked up, especially the revelation of how Voldemort kept himself alive between when he killed Harry's parents and the present.<br/><br/>BTW, if anyone has an idea about the identity of the person who took the Horcrux (RAB?), email me.
 I started the Harry Potter series years ago, listening to my then wife read them to my then step-son.  It was awonderful experience, and I thoroughly enjoyed listening to them.  I started actually reading the books for myself on book 5 after listening to books 1-3 on audio disc while driving back and forth to work.  Now, with that said...<br/><br/>I was disappointed but thrilled to read the Half-Blood Prince.  All of my guesses about the Half-Blood Prince were completely off because I was thinking ground breaking, original thoughts!  I was very disappointed with her choice for the Half-Blood.<br/><br/>The saddest moment in the book was not with the death everyone knows is coming, but with the noble spider man act someone pulls.  ARGH!  What????  Yet, paragraphs later, friends are going to tag along even though they will be in danger too?  It seemed so lame... so disappointingly predictable.<br/><br/>There were points when things could have been fleshed out, more added to give some depth to people.  Where the heck where the members of the D.A.?  Nevil?  Luna?  Barely in here.  Shame.<br/><br/>Let's hope the last book get's better.  I don't want J.K. to go the George Lucas way with a great universe.<br/><br/>With all of that said, I'd gladly recommend the book to anyone who is a fan of the series and I'm still telling people to read J.K.'s work.<br/><br/>And who the heck edited the book?  Did someone hit them with a jinx when they were spell checking?
 J.K. Rowling's magical imagination continues to provide readers with her signature page turning adventure, and streams of dialogue that jump straight off of the page and into the auditory centers of the brain.<br/><br/>  Her mastery of dialogue is definitely an asset to Harry and his pals.  In her sixth book in the series readers are smack dab in the middle of puberty's rollercoaster.  The trials of adolescence provide great filler for the lulls between the first chapters and the main trial.  If there is perhaps in existence a long time Potter fan that hasn't yet read this book, some advice:  Bring your box of tissues for this ending.<br/><br/> This year at Hogwarts has Harry a little older and a lot more emotionally intense. Harry's ongoing quest to identify with his dead father leads him into dangerous territory with a used Potions book, "Harry bent low to retrieve the book, and as he did so, he saw something scribbled along the bottom of the back cover .... The Property of the Half-Blood Prince."  Hence, we have a title. There is a nice twist on this near the end of the story- Rowling isn't yet completely predictable.<br/><br/>  As this is a progressive series, our hero learns more about his connection with the Dark Lord and fulfilling his destiny- free will style.  Harry's heroic resolve is yet again tested in the final chapters.  Dumbledore lays down the ground rules, "I take you with me on one condition: that you obey any command I might give you at once, and without question", foreshadowing the events that transpire.<br/><br/>  Snape remains as confusing as ever; one of the main teasers that keeps readers on the edge to the very end is never knowing if Snape is a double, triple, or completely self-serving agent.  And of course, the answer doesn't come yet!  Next book still to come folks- cha ching J.K.!
 This is the second time reading the series after having seen the movies numerous times. I was better able to understand all that was going on and enjoying the book all the more.  My son has a bad habit of over analyzing everything and was always saying this should have been done this way or that, I on the other hand like to dive right in and enjoy the tale of which I did immensely. I would recommend this book and the others to anyone who is a Potter fan.
 J.K. Rowling's sixth book in her Harry Potter series triumphs greatly over the other five.  Not only is it darker and more adult, it is smarter, edgier, and funnier.  Rowling does a fantastic job developing Harry's character in this book, as well as Snape's character, who goes from a minor character to a major character (which is much to my delight considering Snape is my favorite character).  The shocking ending of this book may leave you in tears as it did to me.  The Harry Potter series clearly wasn't meant to be read only by children.  Anyone with a flare for fantasy could easily fall in love with this book.  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is by far one of the best books I've ever read, and I've read a lot of books.  I give it a 5...out of 5.
 First, my review of the book, I would have to say it ranks 3rd of 6 books...  behind Goblet of Fire and Order of the Phoenix.  This was much more of a "drama" driven plot, much less action.  Everything that we learn through this book seemingly leads itself to the last book of the series, which I am sure no one can still be sure of how J.K. will end this... at least she has us all wondering!  Here's my take on it:<br/><br/>Well, this series, like others have said, is turning out to be like a combination of many popular series previous to it... Star Wars, Matrix, Lord of the Rings, etc.<br/><br/>This book seems to have entered in to the Spider-man series with Ginny and Harry... I mean, he says "I can't be with you as the Dark Lord will use you against me..." that's a total Spider-man 2 scene. I happen to think a couple of things because of this:<br/><br/>1) Harry will end up with Ginny, Hermione with Ron, Luna with Neville... the three couples using love to defeat the Death Eaters and the Dark Lord.  (It is, after all, the Dark's weakness!)<br/><br/>2) Someone stated that they laughed at the fact that their sister stated that they thought that Snape killed Dumbledore "for the greater good..." I actually can see the point. I mean, even though Snape made the promise to Draco's mother, I believe he *could* have done it just to maintain the resemblence of faith towards Lord V. Dumbledore knew that he would pass all his knowledge on to Harry and had Snape help Draco to kill Dumbledore when Dumbledore knew he was weak and Harry was strong enough to carry on. In looking at the Star Wars plot, remember when Obi-Wan lets Anikan (Darth Vader) kill him in front of Luke? Same idea here... he froze Harry so that Harry couldn't protect him, and so that Harry could watch Snape kill him. As of now, I don't know what the "greater good" will be, but it is still a possibility that Snape was just doing as Dumbledore had asked of him.<br/><br/>3) Will the Ministry ever play an important role? Something still hasn't happened there with Percy... makes me think they may play an important role... like Ron and Hermione have already pledged to be with Harry, I can see this massive swelling towards Harry so that they all rise to help him as they did when Dumbledore had asked them. I can only hope that the final book is as good as I felt that the Goblet of Fire was... I still happen to think that Goblet will be the best of the entire series, but I almost hope I'm wrong!<br/><br/>Oh, and for those of you that think the actors that are currently playing the characters will remain for all of the books, I hate to say this, but the chances of the same actors playing the kids all the way through is next to impossible... they will all be in their mid-twenties by the time the 7th book is out, let alone ready for movie production!
 This book is excellent, the best out of the series. It is written more maturely, it is darker and poignant. Harry is finally growing up. The words and written style are different enough that it sometimes feels that another author is writing it. It is so much more adult and more contained. J.K Rowling has matured as a writer as well. I would recommend anyone to read this book. It is not just for kids and maybe now it is not for kids at all.<br/><br/>As for many of the fans who are disappointed it seems to me, that most of them are giving the book a bad review base on their like or dislike of a character. She has written a book that takes the reality of life. War, does not spare you favorite person, it kills mothers, fathers, brothers, and children.<br/><br/>So many of you are being childish 'oh my favorite person died.' Well that is life buckos sometimes those whom you love die. Sirius Black was and remains to be my second favorite character that does not mean I hated book five because he died. I hate it the fact that he died but the book was still well executed and I just loved it. Remember we are judging the quality of writing and plot movement not how she can keep you all happy with unrealistic writing of happy little scenes that are most absurd when speaking of war.
 Great, just like all the Potter books
 An amazing book and its series. It is exciting for anyone who loves adventure, excitement, and fantasy books and if you just like the name of the series I promise that you might or might not like it but I promise you won't regret it.
 Love all the Harry Potter books but after visiting Universal in Orlando, I learned how detailed the author is about every little thing.  It was amazing.  So I am re-reading the books again this time slowly looking for all the details thru-out the books.  JK Rowling is incredible.
 I know Harry drive a lot of people insane with how angsty he is in this one, but it fits for what the character's gone through. Another great book in a great series.
 I won't reveal any "spoilers" here except to say that I could have easily waited a month, listened to someone else's 5 minute recap and not lost anything in the translation. This is clearly a book riding on its predecessors' coat tails. There is little that couldn't be said better in a third the space by writers of the caliber of Heinlein, Norton, Niven, Goodkind, Brooks or Clarke...or Mcaffrey or...<br/><br/>The book starts off promisingly enough but we find that much of the setup deadends (interchanges with the muggle PM) or is hackneyed filler (beautiful, shallow and ditzy girlfriend is unappreciated by siblings, friends and future mother-in-law until she predictably shows her love to be genuine and all hug in a Kodak moment after wrenching trauma leaves the son &amp; love interest badly disfigured and unknowably handicapped). Much is made of people's reactions to Harry's having been proven right in Prisoner and Phoenix while these now enlightened folk disregard his current warnings. Harry's attempts to discover what Draco is up to remind me of the way The Da Vinci Code's heroes are unable to immediately decipher Newton's other orb as being an apple--if Draco's lookouts are seen on the magic map standing for hours in a corridor &amp; Draco is mysteriously missing, a 10-year old is likely to think..."maybe Draco's doing something magical near his lookouts". Unfortunately Harry &amp; his friends are now almost 17 and seem to be unable to think this simply and clearly.<br/><br/>Regardless of what others, including the author have said, yes the half-blood prince is who you think it is (pause after Harry gets the potions book and uses it a few times to think of who the obvious owner was and you'll have the answer about 400 pages before all is revealed). Even the "shocking emotional" death is predictable. And,unfortunately, neither shocking nor especially emotional. Disappointing &amp; lame is more the case. Do yourself a favor and close the book after page 610; it will leave you with far more of an impact. Then, if you need the backstory when #7 comes out (which better be sooner than later or the franchise might not see a repeat of the past buying frenzies as people move past this uncompelling story) then read the final chapters as a prologue.<br/><br/>It's probably a necessary read with book 7's likely assumptions of the reader's knowledge of history, but it definitely shows all of the characteristics of an author trying to pass one off. It's not nearly as well-crafted as earlier books. Perhaps it's time for her to return to the public dole again so she can write with the drive she once did. Being rich and famous has dulled her writing and made her lazy (or made shortcuts and formula satisfactory alternatives to good storytelling in order to allow the book to be written in the time she can now spare for writing from her busy life).<br/><br/>My advise--wait for it from the library and don't stay up all night reading, you'll regret the loss of sleep as an unworthy trade-off for the read.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is an interesting novel. I like it because J. K. Rowling has a very distinct writing style. She is a very successful and effective author who sells many of her books yearly.<br/><br/> J. K. Rowling creatively uses literary devices such as imagery and many others. While reading this book, one could easily picture the events as they occurred. One could also become absorbed into the novel.  I especially like that Rowling describes with great detail the characters and surroundings. In the scene where Harry, Hermione, Ron, and Ginny visit Fred and George's joke shop, Weasley's Wizarding Weezes, I could fully picture the items for sale, facial expressions made by characters, and other people shopping in the store.<br/><br/> Rowling also creates an elaborate plot. This includes great attention to the development of hormones and emotions in the young teenagers attending Hogwarts School. She includes details about the forming dating couples throughout the school. These include Ron and Lavender, Ginny and Dean, and, eventually, Harry and Ginny. In the relationship between Ron and Lavender, Lavender seems to be in control for the most part, although the two rarely speak and spend most of their time together kissing. It is very entertaining to read about Harry's jealousy of Dean, who is dating Ginny throughout most of the book. Harry really wants to get the chance to date Ginny, but she's dating Dean and she's Harry's best friend, Ron's, sister.<br/><br/> Another great aspect of this novel is the on going response of Harry to what Draco Malfoy is doing. Once Harry discovers that Malfoy is going in the Room of Requirement, he spends all of his available time trying to figure out how to get into the room that Malfoy uses. The Room of Requirement is a room in the castle that turns into whatever the passerby needs. For example, when Harry needed a place for D. A. to practice their defense against the dark arts, the room became filled with cushions and other items to practice with and on. Now that Malfoy is using it for something that needs Crabbe and Goyle to stand guard outside the door, Harry is extremely curious, nosy, and anxieous to find out what he is doing. By using imagery in this situation, Rowling helps the reader to visualize Harry pacing in the hallway, repeatedly chanting phrases to himself in an attempt to get inside the Room of Requirement. The reader is also able to picture Malfoy sulking around the castle, sneaking into dark corners.<br/><br/> I enjoyed J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. I feel that all people who are capable of picturing characters from simple descriptions given by the author will be able to understand and enjoy this book. I recommend it to all who enjoy adventure stories with slight twists of mystery and readers with an active imagination.
 I absolutely love harry Potter books.  I love them.  They are my favorite books in the entire world.  I'm serious!  THis was the best! I waited forever in line to buy it.  At midnight.  I thought, this had better be good, good is not good enough for this book.  It is beyond good, beyond great, beyond any possible description.<br/><br/>It had the charm from the others, and a seriousness that was not in the first three, and it did not have the insecure teenager feeling that the fourth and fith ones did.<br/><br/>IF YOU DO NOT WANT THE BOOK SPOILED FOR YOU DO NOT READ ANY FURTHER!!!!!!!<br/><br/>People may complain that JK. Rowling killed off Dumbledore, but it was coming anyway.  "What will Harry do without Dumbledore?"  What will he do, well Dumbledore symbolized Harry's youth, and he sheltred Harry.  But now, he is dead.  What will Harry do?  He will have to face You-know-who by himself, without Dumbledore to guide him.<br/><br/>I know my reveiw like analyzed the book, but that is what the book needed.  I loved it and I think it is great, no beyond great.  :)
 Many reviewers here seem determined to give JK Rowling as little praise for this book as they can, just to prove that they have analysed the book "maturely". I think anyone reviewing this book should take a step back from the Harry Potter fan-cult thing an appraise it with fresh eyes - this book is entertaining, pure and simple; people complain about excess of Quidditch and gripe about the similar plot templates, but if this drastically altered without warning there would be an uproar. Rowling is exceptionally inventive and structures the books perfectly - I find it hard to imagine how she must have come up with a plot this cohesive and complex.<br/><br/>  I personally thought that the HBP was both gripping and fun. Once I picked it up I could not put it down until the final page. The sections about Snape's ambiguity, Malfoy's (unusually sympathetic) turmoil and Voldemort's early life all contributed to the progression of the plot, whilst the comic streak running throughout the series continues - I laughed out loud many times(and that was despite Fred and George having only minor roles!). The close of the novel caught me by surprise, I admit, and I found it deeply affecting - far more so than the death in the Order of the Phoenix.<br/><br/>  Characters continue to develop in HBP. Malfoy, Dumbledore and particularly Voldemort all become deeper and more interesting (I would like to learn more about Snape's background, however), and Harry appears to have progressed through his moody phase. The romances in the book provide humour and realism - they are very chaste affairs, as befits a children's book, but at least Rowling is acknowledging teenage preoccupations. New characters are introduced, but generally do not interfer in the plot in a major way.<br/><br/>In conclusion - this book is every bit as brilliant as the rest of the series, and bring on the final installment! I can't wait.
 i am amazed at how j.k rowling weaves stories that transcend (is the word used in the right way?) all ages and races..with this book, i didn't hesitate to reserve a copy or didn't even bother  waiting for the paperback edition.  i just can't simply get enough of harry potter..yes hp is over, super or even mega hyped but there is a REASON for all the hype.. this book delivers but with less laughs and more on adult matters as our hero is on his 6th year and  facing one of his most difficult times even though he enjoys a moment of bliss about 3/4 into the book.. i won't write any spoiler here..<br/><br/>hbp is the beginning of his search for the man became voldemort.  with the aid of harry's mentor dumbledore, they discover things about voldemort that may hold the key to his defeat..<br/><br/>once i got hold of the book, there was no stopping me, i read it for 8 hours. from the time i purchased it, on the way home (on the train), before sleeping.  that's how i was absorbed..j.k. rowling has done it again!  she is a master storyteller, she is able to make us imagine that the characters are real and the events and places actually existed.
 I have read the books, seen the movies, and now I am having the books read to me, and I love it!  Jim Dale does a fantastic job!
 Compared to JK's other books, this one left me disappointed and bored in parts. I thought Harry was going for real magick lessons with Dumbledore not diving into memories. After the first one it got boring. All the action was at the last few pages. Most of the book was learning about Voldemort's past which you could have put in your previous books a little at a time so it would be so boring all in this book! I can't believe you killed off one of the main characters! (again) What's next JK, going to kill Ron or Hermione next for effect?<br/><br/>Also you kind of slipped up? Or am I missing something? How come Harry could defend against Voldemort himself, The most powerful dark wizard, but he couldn't defend himself against Snape and other death eaters, lesser wizards, who easily could have killed him?  Contradiction here.<br/><br/>Now Harry's not planning on going back to Hogwarts next year?  I thought the seven books was to be about Harry's seven years at Hogwarts?  Changed your mind JK?  Also How about a happy ending for a change? Geeze, you can be so dang morbid. I'm an adult and the book left me upset after reading it. How about taking some Paxil while you write the last book? LOL!
 I would recommend this book but the series should be read in sequence to get the most enjoyment from the character development that has taken place throughout the prior vol.  This is my second time to read the series and I enjoy it as much this time around as I did 15 years ago...can you believe 15 years.!!!
 It is the best book of the series yet. In spite of happening in dark times, it has loads of hilarious moments and it is the one book of the series that made me laugh the most (and I really think there's a lot of humor in all of them).<br/><br/>The teen characters are growing up. And their growth is well done. Harry is really showing his leader skills in Quidditch and in fight. He's no longer that grumpy teenager of book five and he can even kiss a girl (not only be kissed).<br/><br/>A lot of answers are given. a lot of mystery remains.<br/><br/>Can't wait for book 7.<br/><br/>The book is dark? Yes, but all the books in HP series are dark. The first one begins with a double murder and finishes with a man that has two faces. And in between there is a hooded figure drinking the blood of an unicorn.<br/><br/>I think Book 6 is not so dark as 1. It is schocking, yes. But that is part of its appeal.
 I thought Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince was good, for the most part. It was so much better than Book 5; in that book, I couldn't even recognize the characters.<br/><br/>My biggest problem with this one was that JK Rowling seemed preoccupied with the typical teen crap. There was too much time spent on who was snogging who, and not enough time spent on the actual story. And Tonks, who was supposedly wasting away because of unrequited love, was just a waste of space. I never cared much for that character, and she was so annoying in this book, she should've been edited out altogether. It seemed like there was too much information about unimportant minor characters, and not a lot about Hermione and Ron.<br/><br/>Another gripe I have is about Sirius. I expected that we would get to see Harry mourning his godfather, but no. We get Harry saying he has to move on. And yes, that was very grown-up of him, but I still would have liked for people to have mourned Sirius. It seemed like he stopped existing as a character just because he died. Even Lupin didn't seem all that upset over the death of his friend. Not only that, there were so many questions about the death that were left unanswered. In my opinion, it was one of the worst death scenes I've ever read, only because it was lacking in finality (that's the reason so many fans presumed he would come back).<br/><br/>Overall, however, I enjoyed the book. It was much more grown-up, and a major improvement over OotP. But these books are definitly not for young children anymore. I can't imagine how young kids took the death of the major character at the end of this book. It really upset me, although I knew it was coming. So, I'm giving this books three stars, mainly because I still love Harry Potter, and the overall story was good. I hope the seventh book ties up all the loose ends, though.
 Jim Dale is a fabulous reader of the Potter books. He is consistent from book to book and he brings the characters alive. I have heard each book on CD and enjoy them thoroughly. The book itself was very good. There were some annoying story lines, like all of the "snogging" references (they are really superflouous to the story). I think that Rowling struggles with some basic human relational concepts like love and death. I really don't think she knows what she's talking about in either case. Those parts are really weak and sloppy. But, overall, the book was very well written (and read) and sets up the final episode very well.
 The book was definitely a great part of the Harry Potter series, although I'm upset that Dumbledore died. I really wish he hadn't, 'cause I'm depressed and everything. I'd still definitely recommend this to anyone whose intrested.
 I liked this book because it went pretty deep into a lot of memories.  I recommend this book to people who are interested in wizards and other magical creatures.
 I am a grandmother of two and have thoroughly enjoyed the entire Potter series (read for myself only).  I was sad to come to the end of the series and wish there were more to come.  All these people who are so critical need to just chill out.  These books were meant to entertain, and they certainly do that!
 I just finished reading this book for the third time, and I must say it gets better each time I read it.  An obvious must have for any Harry Potter fans, the book really builds the reader up for the seventh and final installment of the series.  The story was, as always, well written and quite an enjoyable and engrossing read (the first time I read the book, I read it cover to cover in one sitting, getting to sleep around 4 am).  J.K. Rowling creates characters that you either love or hate, and this book is no different than the rest in this regard.  I'm now among the millions of other Harry Potter fans miserably waiting for the seventh and final book to see how the series ends up, as Half-Blood Prince leaves you in such a cliffhanger.  It's akin to the season finale of your favorite TV show, leaving you dying to know what happens and how things play out.  I would highly recommend the Harry Potter books as a series, and The Half-Blood Prince as an outstanding stand-alone read.
 Harry is back in book six of the ever popular Harry Potter series as we wind down to the inevidable battle with Lord Voldermont.<br/><br/> Unfortunately, we had a grand opportunity to really explore the character of Harry this round and failed.  Harry is about to face his deadliest enemy and bears it as if he heard it was going to be a slight chance of rain.  Instead we endure over five hundred pages of Harry doing just about the same story line as the other five books.  How many times must we have the Christmas break party?  How many times must we have the visit to Ron's family and the usual forced humor?  How many times must he buy books and address the conflicts between Ron and Hermonie which always get resolved when the plot kicks in?  Even Hagrid a sympathetic character comes across as feeling like a story told too many times.<br/><br/>Of course the plot does kick in eventually and this is where the author shines moving you through lots of twists and turns and surprises that almost make up for the long chapters of nothing that preceeded it.  However, I did feel disapointed.  Harry is a very unexplored character and lacks the pathos that draw you into the story.  There is a great dynamic between the three heros and this is explored in rather shallow and matter-of-fact terms.  There is far too much chatty conversation and less meat to the tale making it drag.  Still, you can't help but want to read till the end to find out what happened and that's what keeps the books popular.  I found book 3 to be the best in the series because it explored pathos and evolved the character relations nicely.  That has not happened as well since.
 I'm a huge Harry Potter fan. I'm not enough of a fan to dress like one of the characters in the book on the first day of its release at the local book store, but I am enough of a fan to read each book at least three times.  I'm also a big fan of fantasy writing, so even though the series is meant for a younger audience, I have found great joy in exploring the world of Hogwarts, Diagon Alley and other locations.  Anyone who says this book is as good as the previous novels, though, is only fooling themselves or is probably just a kid who can't tell the difference, but that's fine because younger readers are what this series is primarily aimed for. The Half-Blood Prince is still a fun read for Harry Potter fans, and it will leave you anxious to read the next book, which is the last in the series, but it's obvious that the magic is running low with J.K. Rowling.  I don't blame Rowling at all, because I have never seen a fantasy series go beyond five books and still manage to capture the same magic that made the initial books so popular in the first place.  Anyone who reads fantasy novels knows this, so I don't think Potter fans should take it so hard that this book probably isn't as high quality as the previous ones. Some of my complaints about it are that it doesn't offer much of an ending and instead acts as a set-up for the next book, almost like a Star Wars prequel.  The mysteries in this book are much easier to figure out than previous ones and the ones that you can't figure out, aren't nearly as ingenious as the stories in previous Potter books.  While some of her other books have risen in their level of writing, flirting dangerously close to adult material, or been obvious young reader's material with so much cleverness and charm that adult readers didn't care, this one felt like a kid's book with not much to offer the older readers.  I really have no way to tell you some of my other gripes without spoiling the plot for you.  It's definitely worth picking up if you're a Harry Potter fan, but don't be surprised if you close this book after the least page and somehow just don't feel as satisfied as previous novels.
 HP6 is vastly different from the earlier books. It finally addresses a lot of unresolved issues and sets the reader up for the final installment.<br/><br/>The book begins differently with a very hilarious first chapter, but thereafter settles down to traditional Hogwarts stuff. Has its share of new and interesting characters with new issues and problems of students and professors.  This book is all about Voldemort's history and how Dumbledore and Harry put together pieces fo it to get an insight into his psyche.<br/><br/>The majority of the book is not as dark as made out to be but the final 100-150 pages more than make up for it. A very central character dies and will be missed sorely by readers. The last portion of this book is the most sinister, dark, chilling and evil looking section in the entire series so far. Whats interesting is that the battle lines are very clearly drawn now and the last book is expected to be much more dark and bloody than this one, with a lot of work for Harry to do in his battle with Voldemort.
 Harry potter and the half blood prince was full of mystery and surprise. Like the fake locket that made Dumbledore ill and probable made him die. Thankfully only Dumbledore was the only person that died .What are they going to do with Dumbledore  Dead and Lord Voldemort and his death eaters getting more powerful by the day. I wish J.K Rowling wrote more than 7 books. Thank you. J.K Rowling for writing the Harry Potter series .
 Many reviews here insist that this book falls short of book 5. Plotwise this may so, but characterwise it is not. In this book we witness the advancement of several major personaloties into their final positions, including those of Ginny (who is by far the most pleasant surprise as a character), Ron, Hermione, and Harry himself. Not that the plot suffers; there are enough twists to keep one entertained, and what with The Big One in the death scene, I can't imagine how one could be displeased with the action, even if it doesn't quite measure up to book 5. Every character fills his/her role and thus everything comes out in a way that feels right - in fact the only way it could come out.<br/><br/>Now, I have a quibble or two. One is the overuse of ellipses (...) in narrative passages. It is unecessary to use these at the ends of most complete thoughts and such use usually adds airiness and immaturity to an otherwise servicable sentence. Also there appear to be more names used in dialogue than before when the addressee is clear even if the name is removed. This is irritating and unecessary - and shameful, because dialogue (sans unecessary names) is Rowling's strongest suit. I didn't notice these problems before book 5, so JK must have finally gotten rich enough in the meantime to fire the editor.<br/><br/>But these are minor taints. On the whole this is a cleanly ordered and well executed book, with the most dramatic climax scene I have read in this series. Do go out (or click) and pay the full retail price; I doubt you'll regret it.
 I just finished the book mearly minutes ago and can't wait to read it again.  My gosh!  There is love, fun, Quidditch, as well as mysteries, battles and suspense.  Without wanting to give too much away (although I'm sure some reviews have already)...<br/><br/>I am now at a toss up whether the fourth book or this one is my favorite.  I just couldn't put the book down all day long.  I truely feel that JK Rowling has captured the feelings of a 16 year old, and yet, the feelings of a 16 year old who has been through more than most can imagine.  I wish to say more, but I fear I will give it away.<br/><br/>I strongly suggest to read if you enjoy the books.  And if you have only watched the movies, READ THE BOOKS!
 I am a DIEHARD Harry Potter fan. I love the movies and books. Although this book isn't my favorite of the series (that goes to the 4th book, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire), it is on the better end, probably placing 3rd out of 6 for me. It is much darker and ends on a sad and strange cliffhanger, which is unlike the other books which usually tie up all the loose ends. It is mysterious and definately unlike the earlier books. The characters constantly "snog" as j.k. rowling puts it and are clearly young adults now. You'll love this book, even if it's not your favorite. It's a great read and worth every penny.
 So finally, this most highly anticipated book is upon us.<br/><br/>For some reason, I found myself in the queue at midnight standing outside one of the bookshops, along with numerous other adults, awaiting what is allegedly a children's book, and wondering to a degree what I was doing.<br/><br/>However, truth be told it was worth it.  This is a very good book.  Simply put, it is the second-best one of the series, the accolade of best, must remain for the third one, but this happily usurps the first one, as it is both darker and more maturely written.  The audience is growing up seemingly..<br/><br/>The title is misleading, the 'Half-blood prince' is a sub-plot which borders between a little daft, and then upon revelation seemingly obvious.  No, this book is about Voldemort, and a step back into his youth.  JKR has obviously weaned certain elements from Star Wars, and understood the reader's fascination with 'dark forces'.  The book delves into Voldemort's psyche and generates a degree of empathy with the character in his youth.<br/><br/>The result of this is that JKR has created a page turner, where you truly want to know what happens next.<br/><br/>The first half of the book is more psychological, the second more action-based, but the whole more senior.  This is slowly shifting from a children's book.  The level of vocabulary is becoming more complex, and the darker sides of the story more expansive, as such potentially becoming a source of nightmare material for younger readers.<br/><br/>It ties up some lose ends, kills off in dramatic denouement a major character, and builds off up the anticipation levels for the curtain fall of book 7.<br/><br/>Read this, you will not be disappointed.
 I'm glad to see a few other reviews have broken the you-must-only-say-fantastic-things-about-this-book curse. HPHBP (like most of the rest in the series) is good kids' literature. Very descriptive, believable characters, an interesting premise. But the cult of HP has kind of cloaked the fact that they are not *great* books. There is a lot of repetition throughout the series, which is fine; kids like repetition, and most young lit (even fairy tales) repeat certain narrative patterns. But everyone at the beginning of every HP book seems to have amnesia--no long-term memory of who turned out to be right/wrong, trustworthy/not, no lessons learned, no growth undergone. And that's what children's/adolescent lit is supposed to be about: growth and change. All three young protagonists seem virtually identical to the characters they were 6 years ago. If anything, they seem to be getting less mature. I know this can happen in real life, but I'm particularly surprised and disappointed by Hermione--I would have expected more from her. It's also been clear from Book 1 that Hermione and Ron are moving toward some sort of relationship, though it becomes less clear with each book just *why* these two would be interested in one another. A good title for the 7th book would be, "Harry Potter and the Endless Exposition." Rowling always takes FOREVER to wrap it up, with  villains laying out every last detail of their diabolical plan and heroes explaining what just happened for 700 pages and why for the hero's/reader's benefit. This may have worked for Holmes and Watson, but a skilled 21st century writer should really be able to come up with something better. (I was glad to see Harry is a bit tired of it too.)<br/><br/>It's still a good read--makes a few deviations from the (frankly boring and predictable) pattern of the last several Potter books.  SPOILER--skip if you haven't finished] One of the biggest flaws in this overall good book was the lack of any depiction of the relationship between Harry and Ginny. After all that buildup, not even one scene of them alone together, talking or being worried or happy or whatever. When he breaks it off, I feel like I'm supposed to feel some great sense of loss and irony, but all I felt was, "Oh, were you two ever together?"
 I have just finished reading Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince!  Although i was quite displeased with book 5, I still could not wait for this book to come out, and I definitely was not disappointed!  The story was awesome and gripping from the very first page, and i could not put it down, although i tried not to read it too fast as i didnt want it to end. The book was brilliantly written.  The happy moments were so vivid, that i felt as though i was in there with Harry, and the sad moments made me feel for everyone in the book.  The ending broke my heart, although i did not feel empty as i have done at the end of book 5...<br/>Now I cannot wait for book 6 to come out and this story finally come to its end, though i imagine it will still be quite a while... J K Rowling... Please hurry and get book 7 to us soon!!
 This review contains SPOILERS so you have been warned.<br/><br/>Relationships are tricky. Then how is it that the relationships between the characters were more comnpelling when they were fourth years, then in their sixth year? The relationships in book four are portrayed as sweet and endearing. Now all we get are "snog" fests--making out, essentially. There's no real substance underneath it, and nothing is resolved. Ron and Hermione still haven't made anything official (which is an INSANE pairing I'd almost prefer Hermione and Krum). But alas they are still after each other jealously, and nothing really happens to resolve it.<br/><br/>And then there's Harry's relationship with Ginny Weasley, which came out of thin air. After two years of dreaming about Cho Chang, suddenly his best friend's sister looks good (Jerry! Jerry!). Their relationship is hackneyed at best, and the entire Spiderman-y ending is such a cop-out.<br/><br/>Some unclear things/errors in book:<br/><br/>Hermione is able to "pat" Hagrid on the shoulder. Um, Hagrid is a giant, how is she able to accomplish this?<br/><br/>Dumbledore spends half the book showing Harry Voldemort's past through the memory pensieve. Um, this energy could have been spent finding the Horcruxes, right?<br/><br/>Half the book is spent on said memories, when a simple two chapters could have summed it up. There's not compelling stuff there, besides his family history and what he was like as a child.<br/><br/>How come Dumbledore doesn't teach Harry the necessary curses to beat Voldemort? Isn't that, um, important?<br/><br/>The title is called "The Half-Blood Prince" but the moment of truth is summed up in a sentence.<br/><br/>If Harry knows the Avada Kedavra curse, and was livid at Bellatrix Lestrange in Book Five about the death of Sirius, how come he couldn't use the curse against her? How come he can't use the curse on Snape? What, Harry can't kill? In other words, if he can't kill fellow wizards, how is he going to take down the worst and most powerful wizard of all time? MAKE SENSE LADY!<br/><br/>Harry's secret power is the ability to love (how Beatles and Barney of Ms. Rowling). If that's the case, is he going to buy Voldemort flowers and that'll be the end of it all? Is Voldy going to get chocolates and a hallmark card in book seven? Harry Potter is a mediocre wizard at best who has gotten lucky every time he faces Voldemort. As I said, if he's not a very spectacular wizard, how can he expect to suddenly get all the skills he needs to kill Voldemort? She'll need ten books to suss that one out!<br/><br/>And finally, why kill one of the most beloved and honorable characters in the series? As another reviewer eloquently put it, is everyone who is near and dear to Harry sentenced to death? Is she killing these characters to create unnecessary drama, because it only causes unecessary grief and a grimness to the tale. Harry is often portrayed as sulky and surly, but wouldn't you be if EVERYONE you loved died before your eyes? She must not like Harry very much at all.<br/><br/>Book six is full of dull and contrite relationships, editing errors and questions that cannot be resolved by one book. Ms. Rowling PEAKED at book four, and this is truly the downfall of the series.
 The book is not a complete waste of time or anything like that.  We've become so endeared to the characters and the story that anything more we get to see of them is bound to make us happy enough for 3 stars. However I have several serious problems with the book:<br/><br/>1) Loss of "magic" There was very little in the book actually about Hogwarts and the classes and the new things the students were learning in their 6th year. We're just told their classes are hard and they have lots of homework, mostly. There's a couple pages on Apparating (woohoo) but other than that they might as well have not even been at school. As for Ron and Hermoine being prefects this year, its mentioned twice, for no purpose, and then never used as a plot point at all.  Why did she even bother making them prefects? It just seems that one of the best parts of the books has always been the magic and wonder involved in being at Hogwarts and learning new things, and that is totally missing. Most of the teachers are barely mentioned, and the other students might as well not even be there, except at a few convienent moments. We spend all that time in the last few books getting to know about Neville and Luna and such in so much more depth, then they barely get face time in this novel So sad.<br/><br/>2) The other thing that made the books so good was the plotting/problem solving/adventures that Ron and Hermoine and Harry have together. Well, don't look for them in here. Thinking back, I don't think there is a single time when the three of them are working together on anything. They talk about stuff -when they are even talking to one another (which is fine for a little while as it has been in every other book, but having Ron and Hermoine not speaking to each other for most of the book is just boring, stupid and depressing). Plus, in the past, even when no one else believed him, Ron and Hermoine were there plotting with him, but in this book, even they essentially abandon him. Again, I guess Rowling is trying to press home how dire Harry's circumstances are and how he's really "all alone in this", but in reality, it just sucks away a little more of what made the books magical and enjoyable.<br/><br/>3) My fears from the end of Goblet of Fire came to fruition - Rowlings brought Voledemort back into the flesh at least a book too early. We were able to get away with piddling around in Order of the Phoenix while Voldemort gained strength and plotted and such, but now that everyone knows he's back, the "war" had to actually begin. Unfortunetly, since there's still another book, it couldn't go too far. So we had to stall and the result is a book that seem to (a) drag things out for chapters and chapters which could have been summed up in pages (Harry and Dumbledores "private lessons"), (b) seemed to make a much bigger deal out of individual events than simply made any sense to make(Slughorn's information, the Half-Blood Prince's Potions book), (c) needed to act as though there was some big mystery surrounding Draco's activities when you knew darned well, especially after the scence involving his mother early in the book, that he's supposed to kill someone (and I even think who was pretty darned obvious), and (d) had to spend SOOOO much of the book worried about who was mad at who because they were jealous or their heart was being broken or whatever. I think all of things things were interesting plot points, but I think the book relied too heavily on them to carry a book this long. Rowling either needed to add real meat to the book and have these all be supporting points, or resign herself to heading back to her roots and writing a much shorter book.<br/><br/>4) The whole Half-Blood Prince thing - Unlike previous book titles where the subtitle was critical to the plot, if not THE plot, this one was stupid and added nothing to the character involved, or to the story at hand. The person in question really needed no further reason for doing what they did, and even if they did, this plot device didn't provide it, anyway. One of the reviews here said the half-blood Prince was involved in the death, and that is true, but it really had nothing to do with being the "half-blood Prince". They'd had been invloved even without this lame plot point.<br/><br/>5: The death. So many of these reviews have called it shocking and surprising etc etc. Are they kidding me? Everyone I know who's read the books said "we think it will be this person" and we were all right.  How can you be surprised? The thing I found terrible about it was it seemed so contrived and convinient. Why make it so Harry couldn't help? Oh ya, so the death could happen while he watched to provide the plot device to give Harry a "push" to go out and "do what he needed to do".  Whatever.<br/><br/>6) The "discovery" Harry makes at the end of the book about the locket. Why? What the hell is the point? There was still more to be done even with the locket in hand so why do it? Hopefully R.A.B. is a better character with more point to exist than Slughorn (who is the single most pointless new character ever introduced by Rowlings in my opinion), but I just don't see what point there was to bring it into the story when she did. It just made the whole story and tragedy seem even more pointless. You finish the book and you just feel depressed. Her stupid one line at the end about one "last golden day of peace" is ridiculous and can't hope to make you feel the same sense of joy, bittersweet or otherwise, that you usually feel at the end of the books.<br/><br/>So hopefully, the next book will have more meat than this one. And please oh please, Rolwing, if you are out there listening: Bring the magic and wonder back!
 I never put down book 1-5 until I finished reading, even for those which I watched the movie first. But this one is different. The story becomes so predictable and typical, there is no more those subtle humor I used to love. As some reviewer put it, this one reads like as if written by some Harry Potter fan.<br/><br/>Compared with book 1-4, the book is filled with more hatred than happiness, more contempt than respect. Anyone is judged just by the house they belong and sometimes even by how their name is spelled. And those kind of judgements always turn out to be right in the book. It's almost like promoting racism. Was JK Rowling a racist after all?
 Surprisingly, given its place after Voldemort has returned and just before the final battle, Book 6 is actually the lightest book of the series.  Some of the set pieces (the two opening chapters, the Felix sequence, the kiss) are among the best in the entire series.  The rest of the plot, though, is quite weak.  The book is a fun enjoyable read, but it doesn't really feel like a full year, especially one in the middle of a war.
 The visual descriptions, the complex characters, the fantasy world of magic.  This book transports you to another place that is somehow better and more interesting than where you are today.  Wouldn't it be fabulous to wish your way through life?  So much better than the Genie in a bottle with only three wishes, your wishes could be unlimited!  You could change any negative into a positive, any bad into good, everything broken could be fixed.  This is the essence of Harry Potter's magnetism, the magic of wishes come true.<br/><br/>The 6th volume has everything that it should; a compelling and amazingly fresh storyline, a mix of new and old characters, a surreal setting and a surprise ending.  The book makes you laugh and cry, and stay up way too late reading just a little bit more.  I'm glad I surrendered to the experience of Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, it definitely lives up to the hype.
 I find myself agreeing with others when I say that this was not the best book in the series (Prisoner of Azkaban was my favorite).  Sure it is not the usual Harry-saves-the-day-and-everyone-lives-happily-until-the-next-year book that we have grown so accustomed to, but this book is amazing in its own ways.<br/><br/>Anyone who has ever read a series understands that the second to the last book is always the most wordy (some may say boring) seeing how it is leading up to the long-awaited finale.  It is the same with the HBP.  It contains lighthearted moments in which Harry, Ron, and Hermione are allowed to be normal teenagers (awkward crushes and all), gives insight to Voldemort's past helping us to understand how he became what he is today, and even leaves us with a few new questions about familiar and unfamiliar characters.<br/><br/>I believe that this book is a stupendous and valuable addition to the series.  However, as a stand alone book it doesn't have as much to offer as the others.  Nevertheless, one cannot help but be captured by it.  I found myself joining in on the anger, elation, jealousy, and sadness experienced by all the characters.<br/><br/>All in all, I would highly recommend this book to any true Harry Potter fan.
 Most of the people who complain are not reading the book in depth at all. Rowling has done an outstanding job in subtly developing characters into the roles they play later in the book. The sticky social situations characters are in clearly indicate that the author has not forgotten what it is like to be a teen, and as a 16 year old, I can say that some of the conversations seem very familiar. If you are looking for a happy Harry Potter book, then re-read the first few in the series. Face it: Harry Potter books are easy to read for a 12 year old but contain a depth of insight and information that will amaze adult readers as well. The overall tone in this book is dark, and most all readers who payed any attention to the previous books should have been expecting that. The plot becomes intricate, and will snare the attention of all readers. This is one of the best Harry Potter books to date, and is in no way a let down to kids or adults alike.<br/><br/>Also, if you actually read the spoilers from some of the other reviewers, then go back and read the book carefully, you'll realize what a bunch of morons some people are to accept everything at face value knowing the complexity and brilliance of Harry Potter novels. My point? Make time for this book.
 When I opened this book 15 minutes after it's release on the night of July 16th, I did not get at all what I expected.<br/><br/>Overall, this story reminds me much of the Harry Potter Fanfiction that I sometimes read online.  This book is more based on Romance than anything else.  We find ourselves watching Ron, the boy who never really knew girls exsisted, spending every minute of his free time off in a corner snogging classmate Lavender Brown, who seems to have gone through a complete personality makeover.<br/><br/>Harry, on the other hand, it stuck watching Hermione's ways of revenge against Ron's new actions.  The girl seems to go completely haywire and sends a flock of killer canaries after her red haired friend, then decides that she is going to go off and jump under the mistletoe with another pompous Gryffindor boy who we never knew exsisted before.<br/><br/>When Harry returns to Hogwarts he is suddenly faced with a huge gaggle of giggling girls.  These hopeless teens follow him around everywhere, plotting how to steal his heart.  They are even wild enough to try and feed him chocolates filled with a love potion that end up being ingested by Ron, who then falls madly in love with yet ANOTHER girl.<br/><br/>Ron and Harry walk in on Ginny and her boyfriend Dean hidden in a secret passageway.  Ron decides that Ginny is going way too far with way too many boys, being way too young for such behavior.  And Suddenly, after seeing her make out feverishly with one of his dormmates, Harry is now madly in love with Ron's younger sister.<br/><br/>But in the end of the book Harry and Ginny's relationship is put on hold after Harry claims that he must go off and fight Voldemort alone and doesn't want to endanger her.  He will leave hogwarts and continue his journey to vanquish the dark lord and the evil Half-Blood Prince.<br/><br/>I really didn't like this ending because it seemed to be ripped right away from the SpiderMan movie that came out a few years ago.  Just like a fanfiction ending.<br/><br/>There are many other reasons why I do not believe that this book is as good as the others JKR has produced.  First of all, most of the book is made up of confersations between Harry and Dumbledore.  School classes and Harry's friends seem to be almost completely cut out (except for when they're off kissing some other new characters)<br/><br/>Also, AMAZON claims that this book was written at the level of 9 to 12 year olds. I am 14 years old and this story left me completely shocked out of my mind. The ending of this book was so completely depressing and sad that I stared at the cover for at least 30 minutes after I'd finished, unable to move or speak because I was so upset.<br/><br/>I really do not suggest that this book is read by any children under ten because I myself found it quite disturbing, even if you don't count the romantic elements. (especially between Ron and Lavender and Ginny and Dean).
 This book impressed me for a number of different reasons and brought me back to initial wonder I had when I started reading this series a few years ago.<br/>First, and most important for me, is that the raging, constantly angry Harry from The Order of the Pheonix is gone and has been replaced by the Harry we all knew and loved from the first 4 books in this series.<br/>Secondly, I found the book held my interest from cover to cover. I couldn't put the book down till I was finished! A stronger start then the past editions and enough plot twists and turns to keep you guessing into the usual spectacular ending we've come to expect from the Harry Potter series.<br/>Lastly, I loved that this book made a solid effort to lay down the foundation for its movie (its shorter then Order of the Phoenix) but also for the ending of this series. The path to ultimately defeating Voldemort is laid out and is surprisingly viable for a fantasy novel.<br/>Overall a great read, good enough to be read on its own, although I would recommend reading the earlier books first for the history as a number of plot twists are better appreciated with complete knowledge of the series to date.<br/>I am a man that is notoriously difficult to impress or please but I must say that this is the best new book that I have read for a few years. An amazing book that gives me faith that Rowling will deliver an amazing conclusion to this already fantastic series.
 I waited for this book for SO long, and re-read the five other Harry Potter novels again and again and again before the 6th<br/><br/>I must say, I was a teensy bit disappointed with this one.<br/><br/>Of course, I definitely give J.K. Rowling a lot of credit, and must say that it was very good, however...I was expecting a whole lot more information, which I assume will be given in the 7th.<br/><br/>Here are the main things I would like to know - what about Harry's parents? I was hoping to learn a lot more about them, as there seems to be a lot of mystery surrounding their relationship, careers, etc.<br/><br/>Also - I read in various places that J.K. Rowling said there was "more to Aunt Petunia than meets the eye" - well, that was left unanswered.<br/><br/>In any case, I fully enjoyed the book, and J.K. Rowling filled many gaps I wanted to be sealed, but I just wish she did a bit more. Well, I guess we'll have to wait for Book 7 for that.<br/><br/>Before this book, the BIG question on everyone's mind was - "Who is the Half-Blood Prince?!" But after reading the book, we realize that this Half-Blood Prince is not who we expect but also not of much importance. To me, the most important fact of the book is the beloved character who dies. I won't say who, I'll just let you know I cried more than I cried over Sirius dying in book 5, and Sirius was my favorite character. (Although I have to say, Book 6 was not drastically different without Sirius. Harry seemed to get over it pretty quickly)<br/><br/>Anyway, a few other things about book 6 - what DID happen to Dumbledore's hand? I don't think we ever found that out. And also, who is R.A.B.? I think it is Regulus Black, Sirius's deceased younger brother who was a Death Eater for a period of time.<br/><br/>I think we can all agree what Book 7 is mostly going to be about - I assume it will be action-packed, not as school-based as the other, judging from Harry's thoughts &amp; statement at the end of Book 6. All I know is I'll be very sad to see this series end, and I hope J.K. Rowling makes Book 7 completely unforgettable.<br/><br/>After reading Book 6, I think I like it second-best. To me, the 4th has always been my favorite, because it is so much more intense and Voldemort related than the first three. Then the 6th, and following it the 3rd. The 5th comes next, as it was very good but a bit depressing. The 2nd and 1st were also good, obviously but not as intense and action-related as the other novels.<br/><br/>It was very good, and you should definitely read it.<br/>If you haven't read any other Harry books, or only read the first few, do NOT read this without reading at least 4 and 5 before this.
 "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is the sixth book in the series and easily my favorite. It continues the story of Harry and contains some of the series most exciting and tragic moments. It builds all the suspense needed for the final novel.<br/><br/>All of Rowling's books are captivating, but this one is probably the most alluring read. It really is nearly impossible to put down. As Harry comes of age, this book deals with more personal issues while still advancing the plot and making for an exciting read.<br/><br/>This book is probably the most important in the series because so much happens. That is part of what keeps you turning the page late into the night. If you want to enjoy reading, read Harry Potter. If you're already into this series, just pick up the book and let the story take over.
 Love it will recommend for anyone love Harry potter in ruby ttc chair and playing b c c bubby g
 I started thinking with the fifth book that J.K. Rowling's extraordinary success must be reason that her publisher doesn't insist on having someone edit her increasingly rambling work.  But this is the first book I just didn't enjoy.  The plot is . . . well, it's hardly there.  I found the book entirely put-downable until the last 150 pages, or so, when it rises to the level of somewhat interesting.  The person who is killed is the very person I anticipated would die next at the end of "The Order of the Phoenix."  By the end, the only interesting character is Snape.<br/><br/>I'm still planning on reading book 7, in the hopes that this book was a clumsy set up for a masterful spike.
 This book is great.... I can't say enough about how much I enjoyed this book. I can't say enough about all the information that was given. About all the story that was packed between the front and back covers of this wonderful book. My only knock on it were a couple of underdeveloped storylines that would have been better if completely eliminated from the story. But I digress...<br/><br/>Ultimately, this is a great story. Second ONLY to Order of the Phoenix. And only SLIGHTLY less appealing. Just a matter of taste I suppose.
 Well. Seriously, I thought that the fourth was good, but this one.... wow. She's excelent. JK Rowling is my hero. This book bowked me over. Tragedy. Love. Action. Mystery. Hate. Rage. Aaaaaaaaaaaaand.... yes, it's true, there is finally some snogging!  Seriously, when he did it with Cho Chang, they didn't even describe anything. Read it wth some tissues, because I cried for hours. And hours. And even more hours. Although, I was very upset with the Hagrid factor. There was about seven or so pages talking about him, that's it. Very upseting. Al in all, wonderful, though.<br/><br/>  I didn't like the shortage of Order of the Phoenix charachters. Mad Eye Moody was one of my favorites, and where is he in this book? No where! Although, Tonks has a better part. Even though she's not acting like Tonks. And watch out for Draco. I seriously wanted to punch him to Ireland.
 Well written, very intense and dad but great all the same, great book to be sure! I can't wait to read the next one now!
 I've read all the books multiple times, and have ask the movies, my 3 children have grown up with Harry potter as our night time bed story. They are as invested in these books as I am. Thank you j.k. Rowling for showing us into your imagination, and showing us a place to go .
 This one was written in a very different style from the others, it felt rushed and not quite put together, but the story was still engaging. The characters were not quite as fleshed out as in the previous ones either, and some of the themes seemed to be too stretched and overstated. Overall it was engaging, and did have some very good aspects in terms of plot and the advancement of the story, but many other aspects dropped out of sight for no real reason. Hermione's club disappeared, for example, and Harry did not feel as 'real' and human he has before.<br/><br/>Still, there are some very funny moments, and a lot of backstory that was needed plotwise. The subplot of the old edition of the textbook felt too contrived, however, and added very little to the story. I didn't think that should have been played up as much as it was, though it did flow later in the story and I have a feeling it will be important in the next book, as I believe the character behind it will become more fleshed out and wil be more in the 'helpful' vein as he was through the textbook. It may end up being a way to show that the character (who shall remain nameless) is someone that Harry will be getting close to, and will be teaching him more than he can imagine.<br/><br/>Overall, it seems like less of a stand alone novel, as the others have, and more of a bridge between the excellent Order of the Phoenix and the final novel. But with the scant plot of this one, the next book will have more ground to cover than may be possible in only one book. More tied up loose ends would have been appreaciated, but you can't get to the end without this one.
 This story is in my opinion, is very special. Jk Rowing has a very good view of harry in every situation. When i first read this book, i could not take my eyes of it. i was very surprised when i found out hat Professor Snape was the so-called-Half-Blood-Prince.
 I gave HBP three stars after the first reading. I was disappointed with this book when it came out, because Book Six was such a cliff-hanger and this one seemed to backtrack, without any clarification or development of the many questions Book Six raised. Also, I love Luna and Neville and they appear too briefly in HBP. At the end of Book Six, Rowlings appeared to be promising a close friendship, if not a romance of sorts, between Luna and Harry. I wanted to read that sweet and funny story, and that doesn't happen. Also, with Rowlings, I suspect the obvious and expect the unexpected. Last July I was disappointed in the obviousness of the identity of the half-blood prince. Recently, however, I re-read all the books, but I wasn't looking forward to reading HBP again. Reading the books straight through like that, I had to chuckle at Rowling's cleverness in all the books, particularly in HBP. Every Harry Potter fan ought to know by now that Rowling is one sly author, who will rarely make the expected plot move. Last July, I thought that in HBP we got the obvious identity, but a re-reading shows me that there is a very good reason for that. And the revelation of the identity of half-blood prince, which I thought was bad on first reading, proves, on second reading, to be brilliant. The dialogue--starting a sentence, stopping it, starting what appears to be a continuation of the same thought, but isn't, is very clever. And as far as the big death at the end, last July, I didn't exactly believe it. Now, I am sure it is fake. I may be wrong about what all Rowling's clues mean, but bless her for giving us clues and such a lively and entertaining story, however it turns out. My one complaint now is that HBP isn't long enough. We do need more Hogwarts detail. Authors are free to alter their own works. Perhaps Ms. Rowlings will expand this one to add scenes from classes, scenes with Neville, Luna, etc. Another three hundred pages ought to do it.
 I just wanted to say your books are the best ever and will there be a 13 Harry Potter book in the future?
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince highlight's the amazing writing ability of J.K. Rowling. Rowling puts forth years of blood, sweat and tears to capture the reader's imagination and puts him/her a trance for hours upon end. As the 6th book in the series Rowling maintains her successful formula that she has established in the previous books in the series. No author has been able replicate or improve her formula.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and his friends Rom and Hermione enter their 6th year at Hogwarts. Harry finds himself in a bundle of adventures and a bunch of trouble which is no surprise for the most well known wizard in the world. Malfoy, You Know Who, and the death eaters are once again out to get Harry and the prophecy. Harry and his friends go through major character developments as they mature and form stronger relationships.<br/><br/>The character development in the series exceptionally demonstrates her talent and persistence of a writer of her genre. The descriptions of Hogwarts and its secrets take you away to a fantasy land that you never want to leave. Reading Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is like taking a ten hour vacation to the all around the world.<br/><br/> The literary success Rowling has achieved with her Harry Potter Series continues. The enchanting tale is so good that it's impossible to put down. Its 600 plus pages go buy super fast and is best if the reader finishes it in one sitting to get the full effect. "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is as suspenseful, gripping and imaginative as the previous volumes and should be enjoyed by all ages
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is another great book in the series.  It was extremely entertaining, filled with memorable characters.  If you've only seen the movies, you have to go back and read the books.  Rowling does an amazing job with drawing you in as a reader.  It is captivating stuff.
 Some of the reviews I've read of HBP seem determined to make negative comparisons between this book and its predecessors.  In fact, the most common complaint I've read is that it lacks the lighthearted, watch-those-zany-kids-get-into-mischief tone of Books 1-4.<br/><br/>In my opinion, there's a solid reason for this.  Those zany kids aren't kids anymore, but young adults dealing with serious, life-or-death matters like love (always a serious issue when you're a teenager experiencing those feelings for the first time), the future, and taking on more responsibility.  The days of lighthearted, fun adventures with Harry, Ron, and Hermione are gone, replaced by an intelligent look at how these three grapple with their own approaching adulthood and a very real war between Voldemort and the rest of the wizarding world.  JK Rowling does an excellent job of taking readers from an 11 year old child's perspective to a 16 year old's burden of actually trying to stop the biggest, baddest villain around.<br/><br/>It amazes me that anyone would recommend this book for young children.  Like everyone else, I saw and heard the media hype of 9 and 10 year old children lined up for the midnight parties and wringing their little hands as they waited for the book to come out.  The fact is that this isn't a children's book, for this is no longer a children's story.  It's gone beyond what they can comprehend, not because there are more deaths that occur, but because of what the main characters are fighting for.<br/><br/>Personally, I loved the book.  Rowling continues to create an amazing world and appeal to the imagination with strong characters and an excellent way of tying up loose ends from previous novels.  There were certain things I missed, such as a development of the ongoing hate-hate relationship between Harry and Malfoy, but these were easily overlooked in the overall complexity of the story.  Harry has grown up, and Rowling's writing reflects that fact beautifully.  Quidditch, shooting the breeze with Hagrid, even classes at Hogwarts are, while wonderful aspects of the tale, taking a back seat to the challenges that await Harry.<br/><br/>I strongly recommend this book to anyone who wants a more mature, darker story.  Harry the child is quickly being replaced by Harry the young man... maybe not all of Harry's fans are ready for that (young kids in particular), but those that are should be ready for a heartwarming, entertaining ride.
 Everyone should read this book it’s a complete Page turner! You have to read this<br/>By the way I hate that make me use more than 15 words
 Based on the nearly 2500 reviews already written about this book, I'm not going to go into much detail since I'm sure it has been done already.<br/><br/>This was a really dark book - I've noticed this trend since #3.  To be honest, I didn't really enjoy this one all that much.  It has been over two years since she wrote her last one so it was difficult to remember just what happened in the previous book.  After waiting so long for the latest book, it finally came and I started reading it with much anticipation. Unfortunately, the anticipation desimated before the end of the book.<br/><br/>I'm not saying don't read it... I'm just saying don't set your expectations too high.
 With the recent addition of The Half-Blood Prince to the other five novels, Rowling shows her audience just how well she lets her own characters grow. In the beginning, with her first book, all the characters have an almost glazed-over childish appeal--most likely because she wrote it for her child--but with each new installment, they become more in-depth, and more real.<br/><br/>In the latest book, Harry is in his sixth year of Wizarding School, and there is a new Minister of Magic in charge of finding Voldemort. In this book, the world now has no doubt but to surrender to the truth that Harry wasn't lying and Voldemort truly has returned. In the previous book, Harry and many of his classmates, as well as members of the Order of the Phoenix have a large battle with Voldemort's followers in the Ministry of Magic itself. This battle leaves Harry?s God Father, Sirius Black dead.<br/><br/>Here is where Harry begins to have a darker side. He starts to truly have hatred and anger inside him for what happened to his God Father. Now in the sixth book you see Harry start to become more of an adult, and more active, as he starts to see the inevitability of his impending confrontation with Voldemort. Dumbledore takes begins teaching him about the history of Voldemort, and teaches eventually takes him on a journey to find and eventually dispose of an item of Voldemort?s. Rowling?s writing takes on horror excellently as she depicts a spell causing Dumbledore to scream out ?Kill Me! Kill Me!? again and again as if in some form of terrible pain.<br/><br/>As the story unfolds, each character from Harry?s best friend Ron, to Ron?s youngest sister, Ginny, begin to take on characteristics of their own. Ron is always by Harry?s side when he needs him, but he definitely has an urge to be the one who has all the attention. He wishes to outshine the people around him, which comes from a long life of being overlooked because of his older, more successful brothers. Ginny is beginning to grow up, and show that she too has talents as well as feelings, as she becomes a love interest in the latest book.<br/><br/>With each new terror that Harry and his companions have to face, each of them begins to grow and adapt to the situations at hand. This is where Rowling shows that she can make her characters into nearly living things. With her gentle guidance, the figments of her imagination become entirely separate people with specific opinions and ideas. It will definitely be interesting to see what her characters do in the last Harry Potter book, and what new characters she will create if she continues writing other stories.
 Well, she did it again!<br/><br/>Of course, it was expected. 'Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince' is a great book for any reader, kid or adult. Though it is more darker and more mature than the rest of the series, for Harry is now sixteenth and not the shy boy we once new, it is recommended for all ages.<br/><br/>This time the adventure is more thrilling, suspenseful, and, as expected, more dangerous than ever. Harry is more powerful than ever, at the end becoming more anxious to finish Lord Voldemort off. He learns more about Riddle's circumstantial birth and childhood, and how he, Voldemort, rose to the throne of power. Along the way, Harry experiences love for someone close to him. Ron also becomes more mature (though not a whole lot) and gets himself a girlfriend as well, though it doesn't work out for him.<br/><br/>The Wizarding world has merged slightly with the unknowing, ignorant world. The Minister of Magic has been reluctantly replaced by a pushy Auror. The dangers have increased for Harry, an expected traitor being in Hogwarts castle.<br/><br/>Harry's new year begins with Dumbledore's mysterious visit, asking him to persuade someone to Potions. There is also an already introduced character that teaches Defense Against the Dark Arts. Potions, amazingly, becomes easy for him, thanks to the Half-Blood Prince (much to Hermione's annoyance).<br/><br/>During his year, the wise Dumbledore gives Harry his lessons about Voldemort. His new Potions teacher is a bit admired of Harry and his colaboration in the overall plot and Dumbledore's lesson is huge.<br/><br/>Harry is nearing his coming-of-age and so are his friends, Ron and Hermione, and the sixth years are recieving tedious Apparition lessons, with the three D's.<br/><br/>Hagrid is still as ignorantly dangerous as ever, and one of his precious monster dies. Aragog, the king of the acromantulas, leaves the caring Hagrid forever.<br/><br/>All in all, Harry's sixth year is much more heartbreaking than 'Phoenix' for the death is much more lamented than the last. The death, as expected, is very sad, having shed a few tears myself. And at the end poor Harry is left another mission and mystery. . .
 I've just finished reading Rowling's latest installment of the Harry Potter series, and although I believe it isn't my "favorite" of the series, she has craftily set the stage for the final book.  HBP is, indeed, a dark book, but like so many before, she weaves humor into the dialogue so that you don't feel heavy while reading the book.  Even as HBP draws to a close--but not really--we are filled with a sense of determined hope for the final installment.  Harry's character contrasts significantly with the more irrational traits we read in "Phoenix", and it is this character development Rowling has written so profoundly in this story.  Even her writing style has matured--her choice of words and situations mirrors the changes her characters are going through.<br/><br/>This was an excellent book, despite being the darkest so far.  I am left with a number of questions that will be answered in 7, but have also come to understand a great deal more through HBP.  Readers of this book, despite many not liking how things work out, will be invigorated through Rowling's writing once again.
 I enjoyed this much more than the last book, although it falls short of books 1-4...still worthy of 5 stars though for sure.  This book continues the trend in books 4 and 5 of taking a long time to get going...they don't even get to Hogwarts until about page 200 or so.  But I was much pleased to be rid of the majorly immature, complaining Harry of book 5.  So while not as concise or witty or entertaining as the first 3 (or the fourth to an extent), it is less annoying and more enjoyable than the last book and a worthy addition to the series...can't wait for the finale.
 Those who have been following the adventures of Harry Potter since Day 1 have been waiting for some time to get answers about a number of issues.  Finally, here, in Harry's sixth year at Hogwarts, some of those answers are forthcoming.  Gone is the endless filler material that so marred Order of the Phoenix; this book, at 600-plus pages, is neither too short nor too long, with very little to bog down the reader.<br/><br/>With that said, I recognize a number of people will dislike the events portrayed in this book--perhaps they will even hate it.  But I like the book for precisely those reasons.  Harry and his friends are fighting an intelligent, malevolent wizard who has cheated death repeatedly and who wants to see his rivals vanquished; this isn't a game of Tiddlywinks, and as readers we should expect to see real harm being done, even to characters who really matter to us.  That's the way it is in a real war, and Ms. Rowling is a writer who's honest enough to let some terrible things happen to her characters.  If you can't take that in your fiction, I guess there's always the My Little Pony books...
 This was definitely a change of pace for the Harry Potter series. It was shorter than the previous book, but moved much slower. Actually, not a whole lot happened in it, compared to the previous ones, but it was nice for a change. I really enjoyed it.<br/><br/>It brings back all the old favorites, plus a load of new things. New spells, new potions, new..issues, new suspicions - in fact, a major part of it deals with suspicion. Anyway, I don't want to say anything to ruin it, and it's hard not to, so I should probably quit. It does pick up pace near the end, and I felt every emotion as I read through it. I cannot wait for the seventh book. Viva 'arry Potter!
 I am obsessed with harry potter. I have been reading all the books since December. I like how they include the first chapter of the next chapter. highly recommend this series for anyone that loves mysterious and mythical books.
 After the ponderous and bitter "Harry Potter and the Order of The Phoenix," Harry Potter returns for his penultimate year at Hogwarts.  His main focus becomes the various romantic entanglements of he and his friends.  This plot thread sadly turns Hermione from an insightful young woman into a giggling dolt.  However, it does reveal surprising complexity in Ginny Weasley.  Harry also deals with the mysterious textbook originally owned by a "Half-Blood Prince."  The previous owner is revealed in passing, but this tiny mystery has little consequence for the plot.<br/><br/>"Half-Blood Prince" focuses on Harry's relationship with Dumbledore.  The memories Dumbledore shows Harry illuminate a few details about Voldemort's past, but they do little to advance the present story.  The joint mission Harry and Dumbledore undertake serves as the climax of the book, but their goal is drained of all its justification by a pointless plot twist.<br/><br/>This books feels distant from many of the elements that made the previous ones so enjoyable and so darkly captivating.  Many of the fun older students have left Hogwarts, including the Weasley twins.  The narrative spends very little time in class with the memorable teachers, such as McGonagal or Snape.  Rowling also seems to have abandoned the tiny oddball details that made the early books so rich.  Harry repeatedly takes "a short cut" back to the dormitory, but Rowling provides no details.  He and his friends never discover any exciting new area of the castle or the nearby town.<br/><br/>And Voldemort never appears.  After his chilling rebirth in "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire," Rowling drained much of the tension by giving Voldemort a silly goal in "Order of the Phoenix."  "Half-Blood Prince" reduces the apprehension even more.  The entire wizarding world is supposed to be in deathly fear of Voldemort, and a few of his minions do storm on-stage at the end, but the arch-enemy himself is nowhere to be found.<br/><br/>"Half-Blood Prince" feels like a bland lull before the coming storm.  Hopefully Rowling will fill the seventh and final book with great conflict and character growth.  If not, "Goblet of Fire" will remain the highpoint of the entire series.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince<br/><br/>J. K. Rowling<br/><br/>ISBN: 0-439-78454-9<br/><br/>652 pages<br/><br/>Withces, wizards, and magic? Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is the sixth book in a seven book chronicle.  It involves a young boy named Harry, whose life suddenly changes, when he finds out that he is a wizard.  Not just any wizard, but a legend in the wizarding community.  When Harry was just born, his family was attacked by the most powerful dark wizard of all time, Voldemort.  Harry was the only one who survived, and Voldemort had dissapeared and was thought to be dead. Harry was a hero, for he was the only one to survive an attack from Voldemort, but the only injury he sustained was a lightning bolt scar on his forehead.<br/><br/>Now already in his sixth year, Harry has foiled all of Voldemorts attempts of killing him.  Harry has know idea why the dark wizard is after him, but soon finds out, and is overwhelmed with the responsibility of even destroying the dark wizard.<br/><br/>When reading the book you experience all forms of emotion, from happy to sad.  It has twists and turns on almost every page, which keeps the reader glued.
 As I've seen many other customers complain, it seems a bit contrived. His special lessons seemed a forced way to provide exposition, while his relationship with Ron and Hermione didn't feel as genuine. They ignored his fears when we know they wouldn't really ever do that. It felt very much that J.K. Rowling had an outline, and make sure she hit every point, without seeing if they flowed together naturally or believably. But still - humorous, sad, dark, couldn't put it down, etc etc. I hope for better things in Book 7, that will make me look back on this one and see why she had to do things they way she did them. And as for the ending, if you're going to do that, do it so it makes me cry. It lacked true emotion, to me. Just another check on her checklist of things to do in this book. Read it, however, to make your own judgements. I know people who believe this is the best book yet.
 Loved all the Harry Potter books each one is better than the last one!
 If you are looking for a static formula, Rowlings is not going for it.  Most of the complaints that have been leveled at this edition could be summed up in a very short and rather cliche phrase.  "This book is not cute and cuddly."  Another way of saying it is that this book is no longer charming, and gone are the days when you sit your five year old down and say, "Hey sweety, let's read about the Halfblood Prince."  The themes are very complex.<br/><br/>This complexity should not surprise us though, it has been growing steadily darker and more mature as Harry and his friends grow up, and especially since the Tri-Wizard Tournement.<br/><br/>It only makes sense that the surprise and a bit of the charm should vanish; not only Harry, but also the readers should already have a sense of what the Wizard world is like...Oh, did I mention that they have jumping frog candies?...give me a break...the really story by necessity has shifted from the magical surprises that won our hearts in the beginning, to a war that from the insiders view includes not only the wizarding world, but our world, the world of muggles.<br/><br/>In this book Harry is not surprised by his experiences at Hogwarts.  In fact, there is a rather matter of fact, 'here we go again' attitude.<br/><br/>What is wonderful about this is that this is an almost perfect description of that it is to be a teenager in school.  Not judging it, but the average teenager has this attitude about school.  They get into a pattern of School...homework... friends...sports...school...homework...frineds...music... and the next thing you know...its June.<br/><br/>Relationships at this age become more complex, which, without spoiling it, happens in this book.<br/><br/>For the most part, Rowlings is remaining true to the situations as they unfold and the the characters as they grow up.<br/><br/>There is one exception to this, and this exception is the reason that I have knocked this to a 4/5 in the star rating. In book 5, only a small number of people in the wizarding world believed Harry Potter.  The rest said that he was imaginative, a liar, confused, crazy...etc.  In the end...Harry was vindicated.  In this book, NO-ONE believes him, except Dobby, the house elf.  His best friends think he is over-reacting, as do the others of the 'Order'.  It is VERY interesting that the first time that Harry has really opened up to Dumbledore and expressed his ideas, before going off on his own with Ron and Hermione to solve things, that he sternly verbally chastened, this seems very unlike the wise, knowing Dumbledore that we have grown to love.  We might expect it of stern formula teachers like McGonagle,but not the wise, seemingly all aware Dumbledore.<br/><br/>I find this, almost disinterested disbelief in Harry's instincts, highly improbable. His instincts and curiosity have been with him more consistently than his magic.  In book six, it is no less the same.  In the past, when it was less important, people paid attention.  During the current war, it seems that they would pay even MORE attention, but they do not.  Under the circumstances, this is rather unrealistic.  It also stole from some of the focus of tension in the story....  We might have had a story that showed more of the struggle between good and evil, while maintaining the same ending to the story. But instead, we have a story about a Harry that is frustrated that his friends think he is too imaginative and overreacting, which ends up being a seemingly fatal mistake for one of them.<br/><br/>This however is a review that is premature.  The middle of the story is often the darkest and hardest to appreciate at the time.<br/><br/>All in all this is an excellant book, even if it is rather painful to experience.
 I have just finished reading the 1/2 blood prince, and I must say that I loved and hated it. This book has the same gripping style that gives you the paradoxical feeling of wanting to read it as fast as you can as well as a longing to savor it slowly. I found this to be mildly infuriating yet exhilirating. The rumors that we heard pre-release are worthless and seem planted to confuse us espcially the rumor saying the half-blood prince is an unknown character. But I digress I hated this book more than any other one in ther series. I found the contanst focus on the everyday occurances at Hogwarts rather boring due to the fact that all books follow this pattern (harry school, harry gets dtention, whines b/c he misses something he'd rather not miss, and then continues with his studies) the only relief from this monotony comes from the private lessons with Dumbledore in which we leave the school formula behind to focus on Voldemorts past.<br/><br/>I am by no means saying not to read the book I am simply stateing that the books ever since the 5th have this need to kill somone for simplke shock value rather than providing us with a solid emotional tale.<br/><br/>And just out of curiousity why isnt harry the raging angry lunatic he was in the last book, we are given no insight as to how or why his rage simply vanishes, also this book over flows with the useless sexual tension that Rowlings seems so hellbent on inflicting us with. I personally don't care who ginny snogs, what ron and lavender do, or that Hermione has increasingly hormonal outlashes at ron's inablity to want her as much as she wants him. This just seem like machinations to lend the book some sense of quote normal end quote teenage-dom.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the story about as much as i enjoyed Chamber of Secrets in that I feel like both of these book were written because we had to have something for years 2 and 6 whether or not the story is at all interesting.
 I just finished reading this volume and I am still not sure how I feel about it.  I needed to post a review just to let out my opinion as no one else I know has finished the book yet, and also, desperately hoping I am not the only one with the following view.  So to business...<br/><br/>This is all about relationships, information and betrayal.  This books continues the background information on Voldemort that DD starts to provide to Harry in OoTP and continues the search for clues to bring about his  Voldermort's] demise.  Ok, shouldn't he have to appear in this book?  We never see him, the dementors, the Death Eaters sent to Azkaban, the question about Siriu's mirror answered or the mirror used for that matter.  The background info on Tom Riddle isn't anything we could not have deduced from the previous volumes and I think that the author should have elaborated more on the practices and spells used by him to transform into Lord Voldemort:  How and why? The only reference to this is a curse used to preserve parts of one's being in different ways and objects (remember Riddle's diary).<br/><br/>And I soooo not feel the love vibe Rowling created among her main student characters.  None of the newly introduced students have any major plot roles.  We know that Ron and Hermione have this platonic thing going on and about Ginny's crush on Harry; but I found it disappointing who ends up with whom as the subtlety and details of Harry's and Hermione's interaction with each other since GoF made it feel like they are the ones to end up together.  And I always thought Snape would be the traitor, though an ambivalent one at that.  Malfoy never had it in him.  There isn't any breathtaking suspense, except during the crucial death scene.  You should break out the tissues because there will be tears.  You won't believe who dies and you won't believe what Harry decides to do at the end.<br/><br/>This, like Goblet of Fire, seems like the first half of a particular book and the beginning of the end of the story, and it provides a very emotionally charged ending. I hope Rowling takes the care to provide more detail and logic in the plot as the series end.  This just seemed a bit harried and not very tied up together.
 Definitely my favorite of the series thus far. The whole sexond hslf was a emotionsl rollercoaster for me .  Also I definitely didn't see salt of the pot teists coming.
 I was not dissapointed by this newest intallment in the Potter series, but I did finish the book with a little less of a "wow" feeling than the previous few books.  While both "Order of the Phoenix" and "Goblet of Fire" were more action packed, this book was more back story and set up.<br/><br/>I have heard J.K Rowling describe this book as "Part 1 in a two part story.  Part two being being book 7"  With that in mind, this book is excellent.  Very much a set-up for what is going to happen to end the series.  It was nice to get all the back story that i've been only guessing at until this point.<br/><br/>It will be a long and painful wait until book seven! :)
 Once I started reading the series I couldn't stop until I had them all read !! They are very well done and oh so entertaining !!
 Reading The Order of the Phoenix, I never got the sense that Rowling was enjoying herself as she wrote; and frankly, the spectacle of Harry's repeated outbursts of teenage angst became a strain on the reader's sympathy after a while.  But in The Half Blood Prince she is back in her stride again.  The mood is dark, but is also enlightened with comedic episodes that give a variation in tone that was missing from the Phoenix, and while Voldemort remains an offstage presence, the sense of an approaching crisis is skilfully developed.  There is also a great sense of personal loss with the death of one of the characters.  Am I the only person who was largely unmoved by the death of Cyrius, and who felt that Harry's feeling of loss was a bit laboured?<br/><br/>Indeed, the Prince can be read very much as a primer for the next and last book in the series.  In the tradition of heroic folk literature, Harry is educated in the broadest sense of the word, in preparation for the time when the burden of opposing Voldemort is passed across to him.  His emotional education - which has been kept on hold post-Cho - is now allowed to proceed as well, again with the purpose of adding to his awareness of the responsibilities he will face in fulfilling his destiny.<br/><br/>If much is revealed by way of hitherto unknown background, much is also tantalisingly set up for the last round, and the ambiguity surrounding the role of one of the main protagonists is presented with some subtlety.  Like everyone else who has read the book, I have my own theories about ultimate heros and villains - but I can't wait to see Rowling work her magic once more and prove me completely wrong.<br/><br/>Overall, this is the best yet.  I'm going to miss H,R and H (even though Rowling presumably will not miss having to type out the full range of identification each time they engage in collective action) when the series comes to an end.  Will JK be capable of ever writing a single page again or is her life's work (or at least the work by which she seems likely to be remembered)coming to a close?  I hope she resists any temptation to send Harry to wizarding university, or show us Hermione as the mother of twins.
 Spoiler alert: a significant character dies in this book.<br/>My preteen children spent the summer reading the entire series, absolutely engrossed.  They still often refer to events from the books, making parallels to something in their experiences.  Few books, let alone series, have kept them so entranced.  Highly recommended!
 As I write this I need to admit that I am pretty exhausted from being up all night reading Harry Potter &amp; The Half Blood Prince.<br/><br/>Plain and simple, the book was awesome.<br/><br/>I can understand why some readers have taken a disliking to this book, it being almost like George Lucas' 'Empire Strikes Back'  In that it left a few things unresolved and was extremely dark.  It's one of those things where either you hate it, or love it...  And I think that people who hate it will do so because this book focuses more on the human condition and less on the world surrounding our characters that everyone has come to love and these people find it hard to admit that this world which has been described in very fine detail for the last five books must now be taken somewhat for granted in order to move the humanistic parts of the story along.<br/><br/> I gave this title 4 out of 5 stars because I have a single gripe about this 6th installment that I believe absolutely must be aired in this review and it is this: The ending between Harry and Ginny has been done over and over, it seemed contrived, tired, and in my opinion will leave readers quite agitated.  Perhaps J.K. Rowling has watched too many episodes of Friends or perhaps she hasn't watched enough, but just once I would like to see a writer actually sit down and put the two people who care about each other together and leave them together for better or worse.<br/><br/>C'mon Mrs. Rowling, We don't have another 6 books for you to play with Harry and Ginny like you have with Ron and Hermoine..  Most of us have waited since Ginny was introduced to see them both together.  For that matter the same goes for Ronald and Hermoine as well.  These are the times when people clutch their loved ones closer, not when they push them apart, contrary to popular fiction and the usual Sitcom.  This was your only major mistake.  Please make an attempt to fix this mistake with the next and supposedly last book in the series.<br/><br/>P.S.  Is there anyone else who pretty much believes that Harry is going to have to die in order to free the wizarding world from Voldemort?  Or is that just me? heh.
 Whether it's the kid in me that fancies the possibility of magic, or the adult that appreciates detail, Rowling does not disappoint. Just as good of a read the second time through as it was the first. Not to say that I found myself lost in details I'd lost the first time, just seemed to enjoy it a bit more knowing what was ahead...
 I enjoyed this book immensely -- it is dark, but unlike Book 5 which is angst-ridden and dark throughout, Book 6 has lighter moments and is more enjoyable to read.  Harry is more mature in this book, and Hogwarts is back to being a more normal school again (well, as normal as could be).  Although some of the other reviewers did not like the romantic entanglements, I found them quite amusing considering how much energy people put into worrying about these things as teenagers.<br/><br/>The pre-Hogwarts section of this book is short -- it is probably the weakest portion (but it is still fun)-- it reads like somebody took an ax to it and chopped out huge parts just to make it shorter.  And yes, there is less action in this book, but it still tells a very good story.  All in all, this is one of my favorite books in the series (better than 4 &amp; 5).<br/><br/>The death in the book is devastating not because it is unexpected (considering that JK Rowling announced that a major character would die in this book), but because of the circumstances of the death and the identity of the killer.  JK Rowling sets up a lot of questions in this book, and Book 7 better have good answers and explanations.
 This is one of the best HP books of the series. It is darker than the others but that's to be expected as they are older and Voldemort is getting more powerful. No spoilers here but characters you love will be dead by the end. You will cry buckets if you're a fan of the series.
 I read Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix the day it was released, so I had just over two years to speculate about what would take place in the sixth book.  Let me say that I was glad to see that some of my suspicions were incorrect, but also upset when some of them were right on.<br/><br/>In this book, the wizarding world is going through horrible times.  The Death Eaters have been engaging in terrible activities all throught England, and the Ministry of Magic is struggling to keep up.  Sweeping change eventually takes place at the Ministry, but the results turn out basically the same.<br/><br/>The book focuses very much on the Dark Lord's past.  An account of his younger life is provided by Dumledore.  It begins when Dumbledore personally delivers Tom Riddle's Hogwarts letter and ends when Voldemort returns to Hogwarts, after being gone for a few years, with a somewhat odd request of Dumbledore.  The accounts of Riddle's childhood are some of the best moments of the book.  As Dumbledore shows Harry various memories of the Dark Lord's past, it's easy for the reader to see how the boy Tom Riddle became the most feared dark wizard ever to live.<br/><br/>Even though this book has a very dark feeling to it, especially during the climax and its aftermath, there is some happiness trying to spread itself over the Hogwarts grounds.  As we all knew would happen, certain romances spring up, even though some end just as quickly as they started.<br/><br/>The seventh book will have to be about two thousand pages in order to satisfy me and wrap up all the unresolved issues, especially with the way Rowling finishes the book's final chapter.<br/><br/>This book gets at the central ideas of the Harry Potter series more than any of its predecessors.  The story of good versus evil is one that won't ever get old.  Loyalty is also huge in this story.  It may be hard to believe that the young characters would actually make the decisions they do make in the book, putting their lives at risk fighting what appears more and more to be a losing battle, but that's not important here.  The fact that they show the kind of loyalty and courage that they do show is an example to everyone who reads these stories, children especially.  These books are not meant to be master works of literature, and I doubt they will be read in college classrooms fifty years from now, but they do tell an amazing story that we can all learn a lot from.
 Growing up with Harry, when I first started reading these novels, I would have thought that I would outgrow them.  This - obviously - did not happen. Friday night, I dragged my mom and little sister to Barnes and Noble in Annapolis to participate in their "Potter Party."  Walking into the store, I had expected to be waiting forever to get my book; but I was proved wrong once again! Gleaming with a smile I only share when I am truly excited about something, I walked out of the store with my book in hand. I started reading it on the car ride home, and couldn't put it down. I couldn't believe that after reading the first two chapters I was such in shock, I couldn't read any further. I put the book down and waited to read later on in the day.<br/><br/>The novel is full of these twists and turns; there is a new Minister of Magic (whom we grow to dislike as much as Fudge), the mysterious identity of "the Half-Blood Prince", secret identities (people aren't who others believe they are), Horcruxes (what are they!!?), the growing feelings for each other as the group is growing up.., Voldemort has a history(?!); using all of these, Rowling does an amazing job of continuing the series.<br/><br/>The novel repetitively makes the reader engaged by using meticulously thought out situations.. I won't note which, because that would spoil the story. The details in the story provide answers to many questions and allow mental pictures to develop throughout. However, as flow-able (that's not even a word, but it is now!) as the story is, the ending was extremely unexpected, and proved that nothing (or no one?) is safe, and that Harry does know he must face the task(s) at hand alone (or does he?).  It was a real tearjerker! Yes, I actually cried! Be prepared to be shocked.<br/><br/>This book was worth the hype and wait that led up to it.  It is undoubtedly my favorite of the series, and is setting the stage for the best to come. Kudos to Ms. Rowling!
 As ever, j k rowling weaves a wonderful adventure for Harry Potter, with plenty of danger, mystery, humor, and the most amount of romance of all the books.  I have to say, that of all the harry potter books yet, this one had me guessing the most.... who is the half-blood prince?.... how is he so knowledgable of the best way to make potions?.... is the new teacher friend or foe?.... what about Snape?...how is Dumbledore so certain that Snape REALLY has come to the good side?..... what is Draco up to where he routinely disapears from even the maurader's map?...will harry, ron, and hermione's friendship be able to survive?...will one of the characters die @ the end as sirus did @ the end of the last one?... if so, who?.... why is tonks acting so forlornly?...and of course, who will win the Quidditch tournament?  All these questions and more are finally answered throughout the course of the book; followed by some ver interesting information that shows how Voldmort came to be @ his present state. Many things change @ Hogwarts during this book, most drastic of all being that by the end you feel very sorry for Draco Malfoy (who'd have seen that coming, huh?)<br/><br/>  The book itself is wonderfully written, and, though shorter than the last two, is not lacking in any way.  I was afraid that, being shorter it would not have as much of those interesting details and side conversations that are part of what make reading the harry potter books so fun, but I need not have worried. The characters are still their wonderful, unique selves and color the book with their brightest colors.<br/><br/>  However, I have to say, that of all the books, this one is definately the saddest.  Once you have completely read the book, believe me, you'll know what I mean.  The ending also, however, broaches many new questions that I won't mention here (to not give away the ending) and leaves the reader, @ least for me, yearning desperately for the 7th book so very much! I guess that shows what a good writer rowling is, but it definately isn't easy on the reader!! I REALLY hope that the 7th book comes sooner than it took for the 5th one and will definately be waiting to get it @ 12:01 am the day it premieres!!!
 Hagrid sets a terrible example as a teacher and gets into more trouble than the students. This is the chapter where it gets even more adulty and makes the next book being the last book hard to accept.
 Okay, without reading the book, everyone knew someone would die in Part 6. Everyone knew it would become clear who Harry would eventually end up with. The Goblet of Fire and The Order of the Phoenix both had their own plot twists and turns, though somewhat less significant. Here's my honest opinion. Part six is okay. Parts four and five were excellent. Here's why. Too much of The Half Blood Prince {almost half} is created through flashbacks as Dumbledore is reminiscing about how things ever got this bad in the wizarding world. Only half of the Half Blood Prince is actually happening now. Yes, I know this type of storytelling has been done before and very effectively {the Godfather Part II comes to mind}. But as enjoyable as Harry Potter is, it's not that type of epic. I'm not saying I didn't enjoy the story. I'm saying too much of the story was left out.
 Why do you take the best characters away why Rowling why????? I remember saying I'd rather have Dumbledore die instead of Sirius but I take it back. I love then both. I feel more sad for Dumbledore's death.he was a wise man. Good of heart. Why why why why why???? Can't stop crying........
 I am still getting over the tension from reading this book.  My nerves are definitely frayed from the last 50 pages of Rowlings latest in the Potter series.  I, like many think she combined the best of all her books with, fantasy, tension and character development.  This books ends at a point where Harry is just a shadow of the eleven-year-old that started at Hogwarts into this magical world. With no chance of turning back.  He is a mature almost seventeen-year-old who has experienced more in 6 years than most will experience in a life-time.  Hard lessons he has had, all outside of the Hogwart classrooms.  About 200 pages prior to the end of this book, I had dedeuced who would not return to book 7.  This was one of the reasons, I read those last pages with a heavy heart.  No spoilers here, but it is a shock but also inevitable with the way the story is weaving.  I enjoyed my weekend in Rowlings special world and will be anxiously waiting (another year and half) for the last of the Potter books.  Again, bravo!
 After reading this book, that is the first thing I thought.  That now everything made sense.  Well, a lot of things do now.<br/><br/>As soon as I got the book at midnight, I did not go to sleep until I had read it.  The two year wait was definately worth it!<br/><br/>In Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince, you find out a lot about Voldemort's past.  You also find out the key to finally defeating him, which just makes me want to read the seventh book even more!  The teenagers are growing up, clearly, and J.K. Rowling makes their love affairs a big deal.<br/><br/>Harry finds an old potions book, which significantly helps him in Potions class and in his everyday life.  Throughtout the book, you continue to wonder who this mysterious "prince" is.  However, I was very surprised when I found out who the Half Blood Prince is, near the end of the book.<br/><br/>This book mainly focuses on Harry's future with Voldemort, Voldemort's past, Dumbledore, Snape, and Draco.<br/><br/>You find out interesting tidbits about each of the characters, and much more about the wizarding world is revealed.<br/><br/>There is a new Minister of Magic, who is a very curious character indeed.  There is a new Potions master, who turns out to have taught Tom Riddle himself, and a new twist with the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher.<br/><br/>J.K. Rowling also includes many classic things in her book, such as a funny scene with the Dursleys and interesting Quiddatch games.<br/><br/>J.K. Rowling also references all of her past books, and you see<br/><br/>the reason for her writing them.  Certain things in the Chamber of Secrets turned out to be extremely important.  All her other books seem to have lead up to the information revealed in this book, and Dumbledore finally opens up to Harry.<br/><br/>By the end of the book, we have a clear understanding of what will happen in the final installment, and realize that Harry, Ron, and Hermione have a set path which will determine the fate of the world.  The book also ends with a devastating death, which affects everyone in the wizarding world.  The next book will be extremely crucial, now that Harry will meet Voldemort in the final battle, the Death Eaters are loose, a vital character is dead, Hogwarts' future is murky, betrayal is in the air, and everyone feels a need for revenge.
 I got my copy at about 12:30 am on July 16th and I'm glad I did.  My dear husband and I like to listen to the books on tape. We started listening to it that night until my dear husband fell asleep and I wanted to shake him awake....but I didn't. I can't go on enough about Jim Dale.  He does all the voices so I would rather collect the audio books than the movies (And I do). Dobby's voice has never been right in the movies in my opinion and Hermionie's voice that Jim Dale does is spectacular.  I always forget that it's a guy reading it because I get so carried away by his voices.  If I was giving an O.W.L. Grade I would give Jim Dale and O = Outstanding for his voices that he does.  I understand he's recieved an number of awards for his reading of the books and he has well earned it.<br/><br/>This book, The Half Blood Prince, has become my favorite.  There is such jovialness in it.  My least favorite Harry Potter books are 2 and 5 because I feel so frustrated when I read or listen to them.  I want to help Harry out of his predicaments and they are very long lasting.  I love to hear about Harry (though he always has struggles) enjoying himself and hearing Ron give his great jokes as usual.  I thought this one was lighter than the last one, probably because Umbridge was no longer at school.  But I just loved it.  I laughed and cried and laughed till I cried. This is going to be my most cherished copy.  There was an element of the expected...but Jk has the ability to surprise me so even though some was expected a lot was not and she never seems to have the same jokes.  Also, perhaps I'm just simple minded, but she has a bit of complex levels to her writing that she explains usually through characters that are smart like Hermionie and Dumbledore.  I don't know how she thinks of them, the many different levels of mystery that runs through one book.  I guess I will have to sit back chewing my nails and my husband's, kid's and neighbor's nails as I anxiously await the next one.
 I finished Half-Blood Prince at 2 a.m. on Sunday morning, about 18 hours after I got my hands on it.  By that time, I was in tears (don't worry, I'm not giving away any spoilers). And I realized, as I finally made it to bed, that even though these books aren't the best writing I've ever read, I love them because they're an affirmation of the goodness of life, and of people. I fell asleep thinking about how much I love my husband and my baby.<br/><br/>Like Order of the Phoenix, Half-Blood Prince is slow for about two-thirds of the way, but in the last third, the story really takes off. That's not to say I didn't enjoy the first two-thirds - there were half a dozen times when I laughed out loud, and I enjoyed the developing relationships and little touches that have always made me think J.K. Rowling can get into a child's head much better than I can.<br/><br/>The last third, though, is the heart of the book, and I, for one, did not expect what happened. Maybe that's why I couldn't put the book down. Since I don't want to give the plot away, let me just say that I'm already wishing the two years until Book 7 comes out go quickly.
 As I am reading many of the reviews for this book, I can't help but feel that many people are forgetting that this is part of a series of books.  Just with any series, although each one can be critiqued as a stand alone, it is meant to be appreciated within the context of the whole.<br/><br/>The same is true with each of the HP books, including HBP.  There is a lot that we as readers don't know yet and cannot appreciate until we can fully evaluate HBP within the light of the upcoming book seven (and hopefully even farther).<br/><br/>One of JK's greatest strengths as a writer is to plant seeds, either as a side comment, or subtle storyline and not reveal the full meaning of the seed until later on either within the book or the series.  Take for example the brief mention of Hagrid borrowing the young Sirius Black's motorcycle in book one so that he could retrieve Harry from the wreckage of his parent's house.  Who knew in book one that the brief mention of Sirius would be the catalyst for book three.<br/><br/>I also feel that there were tons of seeds planted within HBP that we cannot fully understand until the series plays it's self out.  For example, what was the argument that Hagrid overheard between Snape and Dumbledore.  Did that have anything to do with the ending of the book?  Was what happened all part of Dumbledore's plan?<br/><br/>I also disagree that this book was nothing more than filler and fluff.  We learned more vital information in this book than in any other to date.  Where that information takes us has yet to be seen of course.  Although this was not the action packed book as say GOF I think that the overall feeling of the book reminds us that what is happening right now in Harry's world is ongoing and cannot be wrapped up in the kind of neat little package that all of the previous books have done.<br/><br/>Remember to not jump to too many conclusions right not - JK has not lost her touch, she didn't rush this one out, just wait for everything to come to fruition.
 I liked it very much, but the 7th is far better.  This one is slightly more focused on teenage likes and dislikes and girlfriends and kisses and loses a bit of the thrill of the other books.  Not quite for children anymore.  Too focused on the awakening of puberty, which the other books don't emphasize.  However, a good read, nevertheless.  The story goes on.
 If you go into it knowing that it will be the darkest book of the series to date, and that some tragic events will unfold, I think you will enjoy it.  Rowling sets the stage for Book 7 and I am curious to read more, although there are a lot of unanswered questions going into the final book.<br/><br/>Maybe I got sucked into it, but I enjoyed the short romance between Harry and Ginny.  I do agree with some of the other reviews in that this book didn't need to be as long as it was.  I view this as a decent book, worth the read, but it's more of a transitional story written mostly to lead us to the final part of the series.
 I have only mildly liked the Harry Potter series until the 5th book, OotP. Until then, it was a good series, but book 5 made it "touching," brought it to another emotional level, for me at least. I expected the same from book 6, and it was just as good.<br/><br/>Admittedly, I thought the beginning was a bit slow, but every chapter was necessary to build the story, and the suspence kept me going. JKR knows how to weave a good story. I think she wanted the readers to become very attached to some of the characters in this book than in the previous 5, and by the end of the book, I knew why she did it.<br/><br/>Many reviewers mentioned the book is dark. It's true. My first thought after finishing the book was that it was took dark for children's lit. But what happened has to happen for Harry to mature. Also, book 6 lays the necessary foundation for the final book, and i think (and really hope) book 7 contains one last surprise that will set everything right.
 I loved Book 5. In it, Rowling wrote the best, took the most risks, and gave Harry and the other major characters tremendous emostional depth. As such, it so good that I waited in the store at midnight (Which is something I NEVER do) to pick up book six. I just finished it less than an hour ago and although there were parts where the writing truly shined (the dialogue between Harry and Dumbledore, as usual) I ended the story feeling hollow and disenchanted. It seems as though Rowling rushed this book. There were many developments that were not sufficiently addressed, and the opening of it makes the otherwise shocking ending painfully predictable and dissatisfying. The direction she has decided (at the last minute) to take the story in is mind-boggling and the sheer laziness and predictibility of this book's plot makes it seem as though she has grown arrogant and started to take her audience for granted. As mentioned, there is a strange detachment from the emotions of the characters. You don't feel as attached and related to the characters as in the previous books and it seems that Rowling has stopped enjoying writing the story. I'm trying desperately not to ruin this review with any inclusions of plot elements, but all I will say is that it is truly a book that only manages to progress the story along. I would have much rathered that she took a little more time and made the story as fun and unique as all of her fans expected. I hope for the sake of the lasting appeal of her stories that book 7 ties up all of the blatantly open loose-ends and answers the questions set forth by the plot of book six. Book six is very disatisfying if you were hoping, like me, for the level of brilliance of the previous stories.
 I am one of those who had been a rabid fan of Rowling's from the very first time I read and finished Philosopher's Stone.  I absolutely adored books one through five, five being my favorite as we get to see Harry's character branch out into something a little more emotionally believable considering all he's gone through.<br/><br/>I've always loved the great storylines, the intricate whimsical detail she gives her world, and especially the characters she created, most namely, the trio, Harry, Ron and Hermione, because of the great relationship dynamic Rowling gave them, and the deep, rich way with which she developed each and every character.<br/><br/>However, book six seemed to take almost every one of those good qualities and flush them down the commode.<br/><br/>Harry doesn't mourn Sirius' death, and the lame excuse given is that Sirius wouldn't have wanted him to do so.<br/><br/>Dumbledore, far from the great humble wizard we've come to know and love, turns into someone who repeatedly pats himself on the back for all of his own brains and skill, and who wastes our time taking Harry into pensieve adventures whereupon we learn how Voldemort grew into his namesake.  All good and interesting, but hardly enough to make it the main plot of the story.  I was bored by the third chapter.<br/><br/> Ron and Hermione who have always had central part in helping Harry with the main plot of each book, Hermione arguably more than Ron, here are reduced to dumbed-down caracatures of themselves, choosing to leave aside any solid, good evidence Harry might have that Draco Malfoy and Snape are planning something evil in favor of snogging other people and screaming and attacking one another for it.  Consequently, they do not know Harry was right until it's too late.  The "bickering because they are in love" bit has now been stretched out over the course of six books, and at the end they are still not together, and we've wasted a whole book watching them scream and pout about and to one another... so much so that one wants Harry to punch them both.<br/><br/>Ginny Weasley pops onto the scene in book six, but is suddenly the epitomy of everything beautiful, desirable and popular...  great at Harry's game, Quidditch, and a girl who makes a jealous monster in Harry's chest "roar".  Rowling finds as many avenues and characters as possible to squeeze in beauty compliments, mentions of boys who love her, and her all around super new attitude for Ginny into the story so much that it becomes distracting and irritating, and gives one the impression that Rowling fell into the trap of making this background character into a Mary Sue.<br/><br/>Similarly, it seems, Rowling has grown Harry a foot taller over the two week summer he was apart from his best friends, and has given him a personality overhaul as well, turning him into a suave and sophisticated, stand on his own and sass teachers type of swoon-worthy hero, the "chosen one" as he is now called.  Girls swoon over him.<br/><br/>One gets the feeling Rowling was trying to make Harry and Ginny the quintessential "golden couple", giving them looks and popularity enough to name them king and queen of Hogwarts, which is not in step with her previous good, balanced writing of characters and careful plotting of their personality traits, both good and bad.<br/><br/>The title "half blood prince" has little to no significance in the end, and leaves one wondering why she chose a small snippet of useless canon that ended up being nothing in the end to name the book with.<br/><br/>Similarly, as stated, the "lessons" with Dumbledore end up boring and of little consequence.  The last lesson Harry learns with Dumbledore about Voldemort seems to be the only one of any importance.<br/><br/>Over all, the writing was shoddy and poor, characters were cliche and underdeveloped for the roles she has now placed them in, plot lines from book five were dropped or left hanging without any explanation as to why, and the plot... what plot?<br/><br/>Rowling takes six hundred pages of book to tell us what one hundred pages could have done much better, and without such juvenile, poorly written filler.<br/><br/>The two stars I did give the book were for the funeral of one of the main characters who dies at the end, a beautiful bit of anguish that could have stood on it's own, had Rowling not chosen the moment directly after the funeral to give us more cliched Harleguin romance type lines spoken between Harry and Ginny.
 Where we last left off Voldemort has revealed himself to the Ministry, a new Minister of Magic is elected, the Battle of the Department of Mysteries is over, and Sirius has died. Harry begins the school year with dissension. Evil is growing in the person you least expect. Aurors patrol Hogwarts and a new teacher has arrived! in the heat of it all, Dumbeldore has  found a way to destroy the Dark Lord. Harry copes with everything, but mysterious circumstances start to grow deadly. Harry also finds a mysterious textbook, that contains Dark Arts and secrets. Voldemort soon will begin his dark assault on the Wizarding World! Will one more Wizard be lost to the fight? The Wizarding World doesn't stand a chance without Harry. Half-Blood Prince is an amazing book, Deathly Hallows awaits!
 This continues to be an amazing and captivating series. You can hardly wait for the next book! I plan t re-read them all
 There is never a disappointment after reading one, of the Potter stories.
 After much hype and a much too long wait, completing Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince in a mere 8 hours was a feat I thought impossible...that was until I read the first chapter!!  I couldn't put it down after that.<br/><br/>For those who have read the entire series, Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is a wonderful, shocking, suspensful, twisting account of Harry's 6th year at Hogwarts.  From the first pages that leave you thinking "No Way!!!"; to teenage agnst and crushes that help lighten the darker aspects of this story; to the sudden, shocking &amp; heartwrenching climactic ending this book by far is my favorite of the whole series (and I've read each one at least 5 times each).<br/><br/>The world, both magical and muggle, are struggling with the affects of Lord Voldemort's return.  Harry is finally receiving the recognition he deserves for telling the truth from the beginning, even having the title of "chosen one", which at times he wishes he didn't have.  Through the book Harry gains more confidence, matures and proves he is capable of making his own decisions...without Ron and Hermoine (though his two best friends are still that as you will more than see during the last few pages!) His relationship with Dumbledore becomes closer as they work together to help piece together the puzzle from Lord Voldemort's past.  Hormones rage and romance prevails, even surprising this reader with who ends up with whom.  Key clues are revealed to Harry throughout the book that in the end will lead him to make a difficult decision that will affect not only his future, but the future of those closest to him.  It is a delightful journey into the past and future for Harry...with enough twists and turns to keep you reading way past your bedtime.  Just keep that box of tissues handy...the ending will blow you away!!!
 This new book in the series was good but not great. I was not overly pleased with it, nor was I upset that I spent the money to buy it. I enjoyed reading Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. I also thought that it was not very interesting until the last 200 pages or so. However, I did read the whole book in less than 10 hours. Easy reading, however, the last few pages are a lot more emotional than anything else. If you have not read books 4 and 5 before reading this you will be confused, even if you know the basic plot. There are a lot of details that are referenced to other books. I would be careful also with younger children (in general) but especially with these later books there are a lot of very dark and evil things going on. Over all, I gave it three stars because I wasn't really hooked into the book until it was closer to the end, but we also learn a lot about Lord Voldermort. I will say that one I guessed correctly on who the half-blood prince is or was.... we do know who that person was or is. I hope you enjoy this book and that you take caution in what the younger children are reading. I hope this review helps some
 You mean we all waited two years for THIS??? Is J.K. running out of steam or what? Who edited this? Or is the author now too big for an editor?<br/><br/>Chapter One was POINTLESS. It should never have passed a first draft. It's only function seemed to be to introduce new readers to what had gone on before and like who is going to pick up book six first???<br/><br/>The romances were yucky and added nothing. And why does Harry have to cut ties with Ginny at the end of it all when he's content to be tied to Ron and Hermione??? Working on the Ginny logic, aren't they also liabilities?<br/><br/>Hermione spends the entire book being a pain in the backside. Which begs the questions: Why does Ron fancy her? And why does Harry consider her a friend at all?<br/><br/>The book just meanders. Whereas the other books built like a fabulous crime mystery towards an unexpected ending this just limps along to a flat conclusion. I find it diffucult to mourn Dumbledore's death because I fully expect him to reappear in some form in book seven. Nor do I think Snape is likely to be the bad guy he has been portrayed to be in this outing. Rowling plays with her audience that way. She leads us to one conclusion only to turn it on its head. But even that has become predictable.<br/><br/>Over all, I was deeply disappointed with this book. It annoyed me much more than it entertained.
 This is my first read through of the Harry Potter series; and I am loving it. But I must say that I felt Harry to be pretty naive in this installment and it was kind of frustrating.
 I have nothing to say that has not already been said many, many times over. All I can offer is this: J.K. Rowling is not only enormously talented, but infinitely wise. This book is not simply rich in magical spells, creatures, passages and intrigue, it is rich in love. Rowling realizes this, and never, ever loses sight of it. That is the true magic of the Harry Potter series: Above all things, the characters are simply people in a harrowing situation, learning what it is, simply, to be.<br/><br/>The reviewers on this site that criticize this book are, the vast majority of the time, completely missing the point of the books, or willfully erasing certain events from their collective memories. Then they try to cover it up by infusing big vocab words and elitist attitudes into their so-called "arguments." I advise you to ignore such people.<br/><br/>Finally, a series that not only deserves, but exceeds its hype. Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is another shining example of things growing better with age, when they weren't all that bad to begin with.
 JK Rowling's brilliance is not limited to just the creation of one of (if not the) the most popular series ever. She weaves a spell of mystery and suprise for even the most jaded reader. These books are a wealth of riches for all ages to enjoy. All that is required is basic suspension of disbelief and a modicum of curiosity spiced with a dash of intelligence.<br/><br/> Rowling's characters are extremely rich and full and have many more layers than at first glance. With each book Rowling exposes more of the depth of each character while introducing new and interesting entities for them to inter-act with, all bound together seamlessly in a epic story of good against evil that can be savored by readers of all ages and tastes and that will surely last through the ages.<br/><br/>  In this sixth edition we find our hero once again shouldering burdens that most adult wizards would run from screaming in horror and despair. In spite of the fear inspired by the rein of terror and death by Voldemort, Harry persues a new love interest, (or is it really an old one newly ignited?)and continues his studies as well as joining Dumbledore in direct action in the war against Voldemort. This is a most excellent read!<br/><br/> Some previous reviewers are apparently trying to garner attention by attempting to take a smarmy, high-brow attitude in their review, criticising the comercial aspects of Rowling's creation, but they only come off as rude and unimaginative.  I have read an average of two books a week since I was 11.( I am cuurently 53) and I look forward to book seven with every bit as much pleasant anticipation as any fan of any age. By all means read these most excellent books!
 "O" is the highest grade awarded to Hogwarts students. See page 102 of this book for a complete list of all the Hogwarts grades. I am rating the book "O" because, whatever its flaws (I'm not even sure what they are), it does what the best fiction does: it generates a passionate, even profound response, as is evidenced by many of these reader reviews. I recommend reading the book before reading the reviews--not just because some are disgracefully blatant spoilers, but because even the most subtle and thoughtful analysis of what happens in this Harry Potter installment is a bit of a spoiler for people who haven't read the book yet.<br/><br/>On the other hand, these reviews are great fun to browse through after reading the book. I browsed through quite a few last night and found them touching, amusing, irritating, and illuminating. Some are worthy of certain characters in the Harry Potter books. One- and two-star reviews may be worthy of Professor Snape, though I've seen some I would deem more worthy of Professor Umbridge or even Uncle Vernon. (I passed by one "Howler" screeching that the book is anti-Bush propaganda--and lacking any evidence to support that claim.) Three-star reviews tend to be more thoughtful, if not as passionate, some reminding me of Cho Chang and a few of Luna Lovegood. Four- and five-star reviews may be worthy of Hagrid, Ron, Hermione, Ginny, Harry--even, occasionally, Dumbledore . . .<br/><br/>Anyway, if you want to know what kind of book would provoke a reader to browse through nearly 2000 (last night--now there's more) reader reviews, read HARRY POTTER AND THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE.
 My son turned me on to HP a few years ago and I find myself looking forward to each new installment.<br/>HBP was an excellent read that builds up to an exciting and shocking ending, opening many possibilites to where JK will take her readers in the next book.<br/>JK is a gifted writer, and I am a tough reader to please. She has my attention, and I look forward to more from her.<br/>I think I enjoyed "Order of the Pheonix" more, but don't tell my son!<br/>Enjoy this great book.
 I have to admit, I was a little apprehensive about buying this book, having heard it compared to something like a teenage romance novel. I read the whole thing in one sitting, only ceasing a few times for food, and finishing with a slightly dissapointed sigh. For me this book did not hold those deep engaging emotions like Year 5 or 3.( I loved the part in Year 5 when Harry and Dumbledore's Army went to fight at the Ministry. For once Harry didn't act all heroic on his own.) It did seem like a romance novel, with a whole storyline about two certain people, "snogging." What made it worse is that I didn't think the love pairings were very realistic. Despite these minor annoyances I completed the book and was thouroughly shocked by the death.(I almost cried.) However, I felt that Harry Potter and The Order of the Phoenix was much more emotional than this one. It was my favorite book out of the whole series. I can't wait to read the next one, with the clues shown in this book it ought to be great. I hope we don't have to wait to long.
 When reading these books I constantly have to remind myself that Ms. Rowling is not writing for me. She's writing for older children/young adults.  I think any review needs to be viewed in this light.<br/><br/>I've read all the books in the series so far and am thoroughly charmed with the mythos she has created.  Her characters are drawn in broad strokes, much like a panto, rather than shaded with subtlety and for young readers that's fine.  Her plots are fairly simple with only a one or two subplots per book and, again, that's fine for young readers.  This isn't George Sand or Ernest Hemingway and we don't want it to be.<br/><br/>Even taking these things into account I have mixed feelings about this book.  It is far better than Order of the Phoenix but not as good as Philosopher's Stone.  Characterization was on par with the rest of the series, again excluding OotP, neither very deep nor were they flat.  However the plot was too simple, the subplots almost non-existent.<br/><br/>It is clearly part one of two of the end and I could not help thinking that it could have been shortened because of that; there's an awful lot of padding in this book.  I would have liked to see a new mystery, something more involving than Harry's sessions with Dumbledore, or Harry's suspicions about another student.  Ron and Hermione's disbelief of Harry's instinct seemed completely counter to what had been portrayed in previous books and, beyond that, Harry seemed to be too omniscient in some instances.<br/><br/>At the opposite end I found it disturbing that Harry and Ron were in their sixth year of wizarding school and they still seemed all ahoo as to what they were doing and how or why it related to their skills.  I could understand that in younger children but with all their experiences they should be 'getting it' by now and be more diligent, more thoughtful in their school work.  Harry definitely has an aptitude for magic outside the classroom and that's rarely carried back into the classroom.<br/><br/>Harry's reliance on others to tell him what to do in certain instances was irritating when the character has demonstrated how self-actualizing he is, in the past.  Perhaps these irritations have more to do with me being an adult but I was cranky about it, nonetheless.<br/><br/>That said, I did like the doubt cast upon a certain character's motives.  Ms. Rowling handled that quite well.  I also think the death at the end was necessary - how else would Harry finally be motivated to take up his destiny?  And Ms. Rowling's explanation of the differences between he and Voldemort were quite inspired.  That was by far one of my favorite parts.<br/><br/>As an aside, why people are screaming and whining about the relationships (so charmingly shortened to 'ships'... not) in this book is beyond me.  I have to agree with other reviewers that Harry's latest attraction was something of a surprise since we had no hint of it.  But then, perhaps, it's meant to mimic love at first sight.  You're going along then BOOM, it's all about the luurrv.  Folks who have experienced that will understand what I'm talking about.<br/><br/>I'm not quite as satisfied as I was with previous books (except OotP - damn that book) and I look forward to reading the last book but neither am I on tenterhooks, waiting for it.
 Anyone who is a true Harry Potter fan has already read and re- read Rowling's sixth book of the series. Anyone who hasn't read it, should not read this review because I intend to give away alot about the plot.<br/><br/>Firstly, before the book was even on sale to the public and I heard what the title was I knew that the half-blood Prince was Snape. Not to mention, the obvious clues Rowling gave throughout the book. After all, Snape is the potions master, so he had to be pretty ingenious and brilliant when it comes to the subject. Secondly, I'm sure EVERYONE knew that Harry was going to start liking Ron's sister, it was inevitable. Thirdly, from the moment I realised that the sixth book was going along a bit too carefree and that nothing really serious was happening to Harry and his friends, I knew someone was going to die before the end of the book. I just didn't think it would have been Dumbledore (sniff). Of course, we all know he isn't really dead and that Snape isn't REALLY working for the Dark Lord and no doubt it's an elaborate plan to give 'He-Who-Shall-Not-Be-Named' (lol) a false sense of security, to make Harry act more independenly and to create suspense and a yearning for  readers for more adventures of 'The Boy Who Lived'. Oh Lord, I can't wait until the seventh book is released. Do you think it will be out before Christmas? Wishful thinking...I guess I'll go and read that old, but fave, standby (The Lord Of The Rings) until Rowling does her thing again...perhaps I'll go down to the beach....<br/><br/>P.S. For those 'A Series Of Unfortunate Events' fans, aren't the 'dedications' at the beginning of the book the funniest things you've ever read? From all of us Harry Potter Fans here in Barbados...enjoy your summer!
 This book widened the peep hole into a deeper plot line. The first few book were world building and this one is plot building. We start to make sense of somethings we simply took at face value. There's no shallow victory in this book. We now know that it's time for the big battle. This book belongs in the series and it was written as such, not revealing everything about the story. The only disappointment was waiting for the next.
 - but still okay. I was excited to pick this up at firt, but it became obvious this book was rushed before I even reached the one-hundredth page. J.K. Rowling's main  strength, her characters, was pushed aside, and the characters in this book are weak and shallow, and some of them are completely one-sided.<br/><br/>The plot itself was likely lurking in the back of Rowling's mind, but never truly made it on to the paper. Instead, the book is a dozen tagents, cobbled-together and tied with the same characters, and in the same world. Aside that, there seems to be very little overarching plot - something Harry Potter books are known for - and the main plot only introduces itself more than halfway through the book.<br/><br/>Overall, the book is still a fairly good read, and, let's face it, if you're reading Harry Potter, you basically have to read it: but it is nowhere near as good as the earlier ones.
 I think the best way to judge the Harry Potter books are to look at each of them as fulfilling a role.<br/><br/>"Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is the book that shows readers a more mature Harry, who as a sixth-year student at Hogwarts is no longer a boy but isn't quite a grown-up, either, although at the very end of Book 6 he seems to grow up instantly.<br/><br/>Most of this book is set at Hogwarts, and very little time is spent with the Dursleys (thankfully) or even on the Quidditch field. Instead, J.K. Rowling focuses the story on Harry and Dumbledore, Lord Voldemort's past and Harry's friendships, his future plans and a romance that is much deeper than his awkward first fling with Cho.<br/><br/>This might just be the best book of the series, although "The Prisoner of Azkaban" comes close. This was a book that I couldn't put down until I finished it and as I did, I was shocked. I'm sure that when I re-read the book, I'll see all the clues, but Rowling does a great job of building the story and then taking it on a completely unexpected direction.<br/><br/>What I love most about the Harry Potter books is present in "The Half-Blood Prince" - sharp, often funny dialogue between the main characters; having young characters face adult themes (love, death, betrayal, jealousy, sacrifice, good vs. evil); and vivid characters and locations that are both realistic and unimaginable at the same time.<br/><br/>I don't want to give away any major spoilers - there is a major death - so I will just end by saying that this is a book that is both touching and full of adventure, and well-worth the several hours it will take to read it!
 I've seen that many of the other Amazon reviews capture the strengths and weaknesses of the regular edition of "Half-Blood Prince," but it seems no one has yet commented on the Fire Breather edition of the book. These were released in Great Britain in an edition of 500 library-bound copies, and contain seven chapters not included in the standard release.<br/><br/>Each of these additional chapters is written in verse, each beginning with some variation on the rhyme:<br/><br/>"And what would would we get for our troubles<br/><br/>If we threaded a garland of bubbles?"<br/><br/>Harry Potter is given his series of dreams by the wizard Hornbath. It seems Hornbath is none-too-happy about the fact that Harry is falling in love with his daughter, Bella Dolphie. In each chapter, Harry dreams she is dying of a different disease. In the first, Bella's heart swells and chokes her lungs, causing her to speak in an increasingly soft whisper.<br/><br/>In the second dream her fingers grow an inch per day, as do her fingers; as her hair and fingers become entangled, she envelopes herself in a nest from which she cannot escape, and which eventually makes her invisible to Harry.<br/><br/>And so on: Bella's eyes become fatally blue, her ears hear every painful thing in the world, her laugh becomes that of a titmouse.  And in each case Harry's learning can do nothing to help him save her. Until . . .<br/><br/>Well, I don't intend to include any spoilers here, but if you're able to get your hands on one of these books, I think you will be very heartened by the way these chapters eventually brighten up what is otherwise a dark story. I think this is Rowling's best writing to date, and it amazes me that Levine books would trim this material from the regular edition of the book. Seek out this edition at all costs.
 A lot of people don't love HBP but I think it is a critical linchpin in the overall story of Harry.  Its the trans-formative book in which Harry grows up in many ways and the ending, oh goodness the ending.  I know JKR wasn't as happy with the book as she may have wanted to be but I think it is a fantastic read and critical in understanding who Harry is going to become in the final book.
 Thank you, great condition.
 Voldermort is back and now everyone knows it.  The Death Eaters are on the move and the wizard world is at war!<br/><br/>And at Hogwarts, Harry and his friends take it upon themselves to become great wizards, learning and creating their own magic so that one day they can fight in the final battle they know is coming!  ...well...that's what you would expect anyway, isn't it?<br/><br/>2 years ago when reading the Order of the Phoenix I was disappointed.  The book was so long, with so much unnecessary repetition.  Harry was nasty and selfish and everyone else was arguing all the time.  While I was reading the Half Blood Prince I was thinking it was much better.  The book flowed better, secrets were being revealed, it seemed to really be going somewhere.  Except in the end you realize, nothing happens here.  It's a lot of talk between Dumbledore and Harry and the identity of the "Prince" couldn't be more anti-climactic.<br/><br/>In Order of the Phoenix the kids made a major progression!  They took their magical learning into their own hands.  Harry knew Voldermort was back in power and he knew he had to prepare his friends for danger.  Now that Harry has heard the prophecy and knows he alone will stand against Voldermort,  what does he do?  He cheats his way through a year of school.  Dumbledore's Army is disbanded, because now that Snape is DADA teacher evidently they don't need it to learn on their own anymore.  Except that they have always distrusted Snape far more than Umbridge last year...so..what gives?<br/><br/>Ultimately this book feels merely like a place holder.  All of the threads from the first 5 books are collected so we can move into the final book and after 600 pages the big revelation is that Voldermort really is evil and Harry will have to stop him.  I think we've all known that for a while.
 I love the Harry Potter books! My brother read them too so l was introduced to the books when l was very little. I love the thrill of this book because when ever you read a great book like Harry Potter you read it with excitement and awesomeness and since it's the 6 book and there is 7 books you are right at the tail end of the series. I hope you enjoy this book as much as l did! Enjoy! P.S. If you want to borrow 1-7 of the books for free you have to get Amazon Prime. Thank You!
 LOVE LOVE LOVE this book!!! I really enjoyed the movie but the book really blew my mind! If you have not read this series, DO IT NOW!
 My boys and I love listening to the Harry Potter books. Jim Dale does a good job reading them. He has a voice that is easy to listen to and he changes his voice for each character.
 I eagerly awaited this book with an open mind. I expected a few things that didn't happened and didn't expect things that happened, and as usual, J.K. Rowling uses superb story elements to keep the suspense flowing and the reader intrested. But, unlike her other books, I found Harry's emotional side underplayed by his actions and the lack of inward expression in the writing. I found that his reactions to extremely bad situations was not very fluent with his character in the other books. Also some key parts of the story, such as a romance, was down played to the amount that I found it unbeleivable. I also found the ending depressing, so much in fact, that I almost lost intrest in the rest of the story. Despite the dreary ending, Rowling has yet again used her suspence to keep me hooked. In conclusion, The Half Blood Prince was seemed more like a book in a series, other than a story that could hold it's own, unlike some other books in the series, which I found it's most endearing weakness.
 I never tire of the Harry Potter series.  I enjoy re-reading it even more on my Kindle Fire.  Much easier to handle than the book.
 Excellent read!
 Well, it was an improvement over the Order of the Phoenix, which I found incredibly dull.<br/><br/>However, I was very disappointed in some of the aspects of this book.  Usually at the beginnning of each book, something hilarious happens at the Dursleys.  This time, it was very weak.  Secondly, it simply was not believable that Harry would be attracted to Ginny.  Her character was weak and the two of them had nothing in common.  I can only hope that in Book 7, the author finally has Ron and Hermione finally get together, but if this book's any indication, she'll probably have one of them killed off.<br/><br/>And lastly, I was really disgusted that she had Snape indeed turn out to be a death eater who murders Dumbledore at the end and then manages to escape.  Dumbledore's character went from being powerful and omniscent in the first 4 books, to being a bit weak in the 5th and a total wimp in this one.  Are we really supposed to believe that Dumbledore, the "greatest most powerful wizard" was so stupid that he had absolutely no hint that Snape was yanking his chain all along but a 16 year old boy figured it out?  Gimme a break....<br/><br/>The killing of Dumbledore was ridiculous, horrifying and completely without any reason other than for J.K. Rowling to make Harry's life as completely and utterly as miserable as possible.  Why didn't she kill of Snape instead??  That most certainly would have pleased readers a hell of alot more.  She could have had it revealed to Dumbledore that Snape WAS in fact a death eater and then have either Dumbledore or Harry kill the SOB at the end.<br/><br/>I would be very concerned how Dumbledore's death is going to affect young children reading this book.  Children need to feel that their lives have some stability with loving adults there to protect them from evil.  To read that the little bit of stability in Harry's life was murdered could have a really negative effect on a child......<br/><br/>I only hope that in Book 7, J.K. Rowling actually has good triumph over evil WITHOUT killing off any more good guys.
 I got this and the other 5 books for my mother for the holidays because she is a huge HP fan and loves audio books. I have never seen her so happy. She was just like a kid: sitting there lining up the boxes and rearranging and admiring them (they are packaged attractively and thematically). Getting the whole set was expensive but damn is it worth it! The performances, by Jim Dale, are spectacular. He does unique voices for each and every character - some aren't what i imagine they would be but are all rather well done and rarely annoying, if ever. If you're a Harry Potter fan this is a must have!!!<br/><br/>Good luck getting these suckers on your computer so you can play them in your ipod or mp3 player; the books are on between 7 and 23 CDs each. It took me 3 days to load them all on my computer.
 It's no secret now that the Harry Potter books are a truly remarkable phenomenon amongst children and adults alike. Harry's adventures through books one to five have been exhilarating and truly magical in the way we see a simple, though not so normal boy grow up and face so many incredibly tortuous perils. One wonders how he's managed to keep his sanity at this point.<br/>In the latest instalment of the series: Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, Harry returns to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry as chaos eschews in the magical world with the return of Harry's nemesis, Lord Voldemort.<br/> The main focus of the plot, until the exiting and heartbreaking ending, is centred around Harry's lessons with his headmaster, Albus Dumbledore, in an effort to better prepare Harry for the challenges to come in the final book of the series. This also provides the reader a lot of back story concerning Lord Voldermort's childhood and coming of age. Teen hormones are raging as well in this book, with Harry's sudden attraction to a character we already know. This actually helps to prevent the often tense and brooding atmosphere of the plot to overwhelm the story.<br/>All in all, this book is fantastic and will not disappoint fan of the series. The mood is darker and properly sets the stage for the next and final book in the series.
 I don't know how the author manages to keep the series so good. This book is as good as the others, although, as everyone knows, the tales get darker with each book. (Frankly, I liked the first one best and wish they were all more light and fun.) But there is humor here amid the darkness, and it's always uplifting to read tales of good versus evil. Don't you wonder why would some fundamentalist  groups seek  to ban Harry Potter books when the books do, in fact, teach such important lessons of the power of GOOD over evil? The Bible is full of such tales. Reading that good can triumph is an important and inspiring lesson for children and adults alike, especially in today's scary world.<br/><br/>Rowling remains a powerful writer and visionary.  Rowling's out-of-the-box vision is one thing but the fact that she can put that vision into words and make it real for the rest of us is utterly amazing.
 Love this book, exciting continuation of the Harry Potter adventure. Great as always want to read them all !. Must read
 I think that this book is the best one out of the other books in this series. In this book the students in their 6th year learn to apparate, this is when a person disappears and reappears in a different place. At the end of the book Harry has to decide what he wants to do. He could go back to Hogwarts for his last year there or continue on what he and Dumbledore had been working on. No matter what he decides he always has his friends, Ron and Hermione, there to help him and to be there for him even though Harry fells he is alone. And what happens at the end you wouldn't expect. Harry learns that you cannot trust someone that they are making you trust because you never know what that person might do. He also learns more about his parents and some of the things that his father and his friends did to Snape when they attended Hogwarts. I really enjoyed this book. I don't like reading very much but with the Harry Potter books it is like I have to read them, they're very interesting and once I start reading I can't put the book down. J.K. Rowling has written six books in this series so far and she keeps you interested in all of them and I can't wait to read the next one and to see what is going to happens in the end. Hopefully in the end Harry beats Voldemort once and for all so he can get on with his life and not have to worry about someone trying to kill him. I would recommend this book to anyone that likes reading about wizards and magic. Even though the book has 652 pages it doesn't take that long to read it. I gave this book 5 stars because not many books can keep me interested.
 My husband grabbed this book to read it every time I laid it down while we were vacationing. It was engrossing. Rawlings has to review interlocking story lines from the previous books in this series and she does it flawlessly. I would actually have liked a little more review since I had forgotten some things. It's easy to pick out possible little defects in a great book but , without giving away the big secrets, I could not be sure that the death of _____ was really at the hands of ______, appearances to the contrary. After all, _____ was a hero in a previous book. But maybe the reader was meant to be mislead? If so the ending was a little like episode III of Star Wars.
 The series just got a bit darker. Each title gets more and more "adult" as they go on. Which is good. Because it enable You, constant reader, to grow with the characters. This book explained a lot that did not make much sense in the movies. Cant wait to read Deathly Hallows.
 Though there is much heartbreak in this book, I love the story. Harry finally gets some of the answers he has been looking for, relationships develop that have been five years in the making and J K Rowling perfectly sets the stage for the final chapter of his tale.
 I wouldn't say this is the best in the series.  The action really drags for the first several chapters.  The second chapter was so boring I literally fell asleep (and it gives away a key plot point that I wish the author had saved to the end).<br/><br/>The chapters describing life at school are charming and humorous, and the last chapter is very touching (first time in years I've been brought to tears by a novel).  It's just that I get the feeling that this is written more to tie up plot points, and as exposition for the last book, than for its own sake.
 "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is easily the best book you can read this summer. J.K. Rowling writes a wonderful novel about the beloved teenage boy, his loyal companions, and thrilling adventures. All 652 pages of this book are interesting and eventful. This is a must have for any fan of the series! Rowling creates and allows you to travel to a world that you can only imagine, filled with unique characters and distant lands. This book is like a ride that you never want to end. Pick up a copy today and experience the magic that is Harry Potter!
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is a tight, convoluted mystery novel that has changed the Harry Potter series forever.  By the end of the book Harry Potter's world has been overturned so completely that the Seventh Book should bear little resemblance to the ones that came before it.<br/><br/>This book also reveals many secrets including:<br/><br/>The identity of the Half-Blood Prince.<br/><br/>The reason that the DADA position changes every year.<br/><br/>The secrets of Tom Riddle's (Lord Voldemort's) past.<br/><br/>How Voldemort was able to survive the attempt to kill baby Harry.<br/><br/>This book ends with the shocking death of a main character at the hands of the person least expected to be a traitor.  This book is a must read for any Harry Potter fan!
 As with all of the books in this series I thouroughly enjoyed joining Harry &amp; friends on their adventures. I was sad to have finished the book and I will be eagerly waiting the final book!!! Until then I plan to reread the entire series!!! This book is definitely darker than those preceding it, but I think this makes it all the more entertaining and I think you could argue that it accurately reflects our times.  Harry has matured a great deal and Rowling does a great job of filling the reader in on a great deal of history. I was however left wanting to know more about the history of Tom Riddle and his motivations as well as Dumbledore's overeagerness to see the best in people--as this is his true fault and has so often prevented Harry from making progress in his boarderline obsessive "investigations."
 I am a 35-year old dad of two kids who are too young to read board books, much less Harry Potter, but I have still managed to read and/or listen to (the "audio books" are great) all six of the HP books.  Number 6 was truly enjoyable and, notwithstanding the fact that it is 650 pages, is a quick and easy read.  You will be surprised how quickly you find yourself 50 or 100 pages ahead of when you picked up the book (and realizing that it is time to turn off the light and go to sleep!).  The book is quite a bit different, in my opinion, from the first five, in that there is not a huge amount of "class" time or Quidditch time at Hogwarts discussed.  Instead, we are treated to a history of Voldemort, from pre-birth, through teenage years, and on into adulthood, at which point Harry learns how the fight against V must be approached.  This really pulls together the whole series and prepares you for the 7th and final book.<br/><br/>In addition to the Voldemort history, there is still plenty of good teenage fun and emotion, and I found myself laughing out loud at times and almost crying at others as our growing-up teenage characters prove that they have plain old, regular issues, too.  Finally, it is no secret that one of the regular characters dies in the book, but it is not as obvious as some other reviews have complained.  In fact, as I read the book, I continued to change my guess as to whom it would be, as so many characters play vital roles in Harry's life and therefore in the plots of this book series.<br/><br/>Were there disappointments?  A few issues were raised with no ultimate answer and, so it appears, no answer to come in book 7.  Would I have enjoyed another 100 or 200 pages to dive off into these details?  Probably, but admittedly book 5 at 800-plus pages was a bit much (although the quickest-reading 800-pager I've ever read).  Also, there are plenty of questions raised in this book for which answers will obviously come in book 7, so all is not lost...in fact, Rowlings does a good job of quite intentionally leaving some things "open" for book 7 to come in and answer.  There is a lot to cover in book 7 if it is indeed to be the last one, but it will be fun to see how everything works out.<br/><br/>Enjoy!
 I stated re-reading the whole series a few months ago. Its even better than the first time I read it as a teen. My favorite series
 Rowling has created a wonderful world of magic and mischief. I wish she would continue the writing of the next generation of witches and wizards.
 I am way over the age of 13 years and have enjoyed all of the Potter books. Hopefully I will be around to read the last book and see it on film. The two great surprises were the death of Dumbledore and Snape being that entrentched in evil. I was giving him the benefit of the doubt and thought he was faking in the early  part of the book when he pledged himself to the dark lord to his guests. It will be a pity if Rolwling stops after Harry. She has to have more fantastic stories floating around in her creative head.<br/><br/>There isn't a single person under the age of thirty in this household and we wouldn't miss this series of books for anything. I have been an avid reader all my life and Rowling and Tolkien have energized my desire to continue my appetite for good reads.
 I love this series! I'm watching the movies again also.  I saw " Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" too. I'm sure I'll read that when I'm done with Harry Potter.
 Well, J.K. Rowling has done it again. The Half-Blood Prince is a truly wonderful book, though maybe slightly worse than The Order of the Phoenix. This time around, however, there is an unmistakeably gloomy atmosphere for the majority of the book.<br/><br/> Even Hogwarts is no longer safe. Dumbledore is growing weaker. There are traitors everywhere. And of course, all the murders and arrests.<br/><br/> One thing that was written magnificently is Harry's main goal over the course of the year: finding out everything possible about Voldemort's past. I couldn't help laughing a bit when I read about the wizarding side of his family, the Gaunts.<br/><br/> There are a few things that lack. You learn next to nothing about the Order of the Phoenix in this book; you don't even know where they are, with the exception of Lupin (coincidentally, Lupin's mission and the part of the werewolf Death Eater, Fenrir Greyback, is both well written and slightly disturbing)!<br/><br/> Malfoy faces choices that are normally only presented to such major characters as Harry and Ron, and his mutual hatred of Harry deepens.<br/><br/> In short, this book is very good, but most definitely not for kids of 9 years of age! Twelve, could, maybe, understand it, but this book has stepped over the line of children and adults. The death is indeed emotional and struck me in a way even Sirius' didn't. The end will leave you in shock, I'll bet, and you might even have to re-read it before you truly accept the events that have come to pass.
 Like other Harry Potter fans, I eagerly awaited this book with excitement. Having just finished it I have to say that it was a thoroughly great read, and the final chapters were captivating and emotional (I couldn't put it down!).  However my feeling was that it did not quite live up to its full potential.  There were many plot threads built up in the previous books which I felt should have continued or further explained in this one but weren't. New and interesting characters were introduced but never taken further (Rufus Scrimgeour, the new Minister of Magic for example) and some gaps in the storylines not fully accounted for (Dumbledore's injured hand for instance).  Unlike the earlier books (3 and 4 in particular and by far my favorites) this book failed to have the same caliber of clever plot twists and no satisfying conclusion. Each of the earlier books had their own separate story line and hence their own identity as an adventure, as well as continuing the overall plot of Harry versus Voldermort.  HBP left me with the feeling of it not being properly complete.  All this aside, and not wishing to sound entirely negative, it was still HUGELY enjoyable to read with some big surprises, although it did leave me feeling sad and empty due to the ending (enough said!). Also, I thought the final chapters could be rather scary for younger children.<br/><br/> I still can't wait for the seventh and final book, and truly hope that JK Rowling can re-light the sparkle which was so thrilling in the first four books.
 I've just finished reading the latest installment of the Harry Potter chronicles.  My chest feels as though my heart has been torn out from the book's tragic ending as I sit here typing, hopelessly admiring the tactic Rowling used to achieve her greatest success to date in this much loved children's book series.<br/><br/>Children and adults who read this book alike will be left reeling in its aftermath.  As an adult I was first attracted to the Harry Potter series quite inadvertently.  I had adamantly refused to read any of the three Harry Potter books published at the time until I was required to in college in my children's literature class.  Almost instantly I was spellbound by Rowling's nostalgic narrative.  Children of course (and quite a few adults as well) delighted in the fantasy and Harry's and friends' magical misadventures.  However, I think much more alluring to adults is how Rowling's writing somehow manages to transport us in time to a much simpler, secure, and magical era in our own lives.<br/><br/>But in her latest achievement Rowling departed from her usual safe, magical, nostalgic atmosphere, instead embracing all too real themes prominent in the world at large.  The opening chapter in her book portrays the muggle world hopelessly searching for answers to inexplicable acts of terrorism.  In doing so, she has effectively raised the stakes in this book.  No longer is it just the wizarding community in danger, but ours as well.  It seems the ever present daily fear that magical characters live with is a very familiar echo of own terrorist fueled anxiety in this perilous new world we live in.<br/><br/>Gone is mystery obscuring Voldermort, who until this book, moved quietly(with a few notable exceptions) in the shadows of uncertainty and doubt.  Every witch and wizard alive now knows Voldermort is back and that they all are in "mortal peril".  Potter and Dumbledore themselves take further steps to pierce the veil of mystery that has always opaqued this character.  Acting very much like FBI profilers the two reconstruct recollections of Voldermort's past, uncovering the truth about how a modest muggle born Tom Riddle became the scourge of the wizarding world, with unimaginable consequences for both.<br/><br/>Perhaps the darkest (and most beautifully poignant) aspect of this novel is the way she strips Potter himself of callow illusions of safety.  In the first book Potter's mother had imparted some magical shield to him through her death at Lord Voldermort's hands.  Indeed all Potter had to do to vanquish the Voldermort specter was touch him.  Even when Voldermert was resurrected in the flesh in later books, Potter still had layers of protection consisting of members of the Order of the Phoenix and Dumbledore himself.  But in this book every ounce of protection once had, whether real or imagined, is stolen from him, in one fateful moment atop Hogwort's castle.  The ultimate irony of this scene is that it is Dumbledore's trusting optimism, in which Potter found some sort of emotional respite in earlier books, which tragically leaves Potter very much alone.  By the end of this emotional epic Potter has become a man, abandoning all desperate hopes of shirking his final confrontation with his arch nemesis and accepts his destiny with ironclad determination.  For adults, Rowling has successfully tapped into our own memory of whatever tragedy or trauma caused us to cease to believe in magic and forget childish illusions of security in our own lives.<br/><br/>This is not to say that the book is completing lacking in humor or the lighthearted moments we have come to expect from Rowling's writing, this book seems to be an effective amalgam of both.  From family squabbles over Christmas dinner to hormonal teenagers taking lusty refuge in each other's arms in darkened classrooms or abandoned hallways this book had more than enough comical highlights.  Ron and Hermione in their mature(or lack of it) relationship provide a great deal of humor in this novel.<br/><br/>However great this story might be or how well it sets the stage for the final epic showdown, this book may not be for everyone.  It seems that Rowling is writing for adults or at least the children (now teenagers) that read the first book in the series when it was originally published.  The vocabulary that Rowling uses is quite extensive and one should be prepared to have a dictionary on hand to discern the full meaning out of certain passages.  Furthermore, as the characters have grown up so too have the series themes matured.  Our teenage protagonists are now involved with romantic rivalries, rebelliousness, and quite a bit of making out.  As mentioned before the themes and mechanisms Rowling utilizes in her writing may be too mature for younger readers.  While this book will surly present hours of enjoyable entertainment to adults, parents would be well advised to wait for the eager younger readers to be a bit older before presenting with this wonderfully written all too real fantasy masterpiece.
 I love the time that the author spent on the back stories, filling in the gaps and drawing you in.
 It's a bit like reading Dickens's Hard Times, serialised in 1854. It's exciting to be a part of something that is massive and happening. It's also a great read, with or without the hype.<br/><br/>When I'm even older than I am now, I'll tell my grand kids that I queued up in some back water market town at midnight, surrounded by friendly abusive drunks and had the book read out loud to me and everybody else by my eldest daughter as I drove us all home. We wound our way very slowly home, until her torch batteries failed and then I put the foot down, so that we could read it in the kitchen while we had hot cocoa. And that is as good a description of the content of this book as you are going to get. It's exciting.<br/><br/>It's a great adventure, with all of our old friends. Great fun.
 I was a little disappointed with this book. The story was fantastic. That's to be expected. I was disappointed by a few things though. I didn't think there was enough of the normal everyday stuff that I've come to expect from the Harry Potter series. There was no detail about what he was learning in his 6th year classes. Aside from Ron, Hermione and the Griffindor quiditch team there was very little social interaction between Harry and his other classmates. I figured out who the Half Blood Prince was the second Harry reads the name in front of the book and I thought that it was a bit obvious. Much like the fourth book I found myself finishing it. . . and not really remembering what it took so many pages for Rowling to say. There are other things I would like to say about the book but I don't want to give any spoilers to anyone that may not have read it. That being said, I have never loved a series more than the Harry Potter series. Even though it wasn't the strongest in the series, The Half Blood Prince, like every other Harry Potter book is fantastic and amazing.
 Wow, another book come and gone. And another long, monotonous wait until the next one. Rowling has outdone herself with the quality of writing in this book, which is nothing less than superb. The story unfolds much more smoother than in any other Harry Potter book, the only quibble I would have is the abrupt ending. But that is a very small nitpick, so it can slip.<br/>Onto, the story. Harry is back at Hogwarts for his 6th year, and in my opinion, this is one of the most event filled books in the series. We have so much new pairings happening, a new minister for magic, new DADA teacher, new potions teacher, a death, a plethora of history, and a new quest, and much more, but you will have to read the book to find out cause there is no way I can explore here. My only gripes with the story, is when you first start the book, it seems to take ages to really get "going", but once it does, it pushes you back into your seat for a wild ride. But then it suddenly stops. And leaves you more anxious then ever for the next book. The only other little nitpick I have is with the horcruxes. You know those video games you play, (mostly rpgs), where you have to do boring side quests to find items, gain experience, etc. To me thats what it seems the horcruxes are, a whole different substory with only one book left. And Harry doesnt seem like he is going back to Hogwarts next year, I am going to miss the Hogwarts adventuers too.<br/>All and all, aside from the gripes mentioned above, this is a flawless book, and a must-need for any Potter fan, or book lover alike!
 Great book love the whole series
 Where to start where to start. Well lets put it this way I didn't really want to write a review because it seems pointless to write down what a lot of people have already done. So I think it's safe to say that I'll mostly be expressing my thoughts on this book and the HP books in general, and sorry to those people who want to hear a review, there's just to much of them already. Anyways starting with what I thought of this book, it was good, not the best, but I didn't expect it to be. Now as soon as I began reading I realized that a lot has changed in the series, I know your thinking "really, nice evaluation" but seriously, I could tell it was going to be dark. It seems like the series has turned out to what I thought it should be. And that's a dark story, i mean it's always had it's share but still the books did feel a little to light and happy as i got older, but it's alright now. Not that I like the killing that goes on in this book,because there is a lot of it, and also a lot of people flipping the bird which J.K. seems to like, and a lot of students making out, all the time, everywhere, but back to the new grittiness of the books that make the characters seem more real. Sadly we know Dumbledores dead now, which I figured this would happen Dumbledore dying an all but I think it really works in Harry's favor. I mean everyone harry loves is being killed, and he is feeling that he has noting left to live for, makeing him really reckless which i think when he confronts voldemort will be and advantage to harry, all that pent up rage and what not. Next I was also upset to lose hogwarts to this book along with dumbledore, and to those people who have already wrote a review saying I can't wait till next year at hogwarts. I guess you missed the last 3 pages where harry cleary stated that he wasn't going back. Anyways think about it, Harry is going to be really upset when he battle's Voldemort in the final battle in book 7, which I will discuss latter. Now back to the fact of Hogwarts being discontinued and I'm sorry if I sounded like I was being rude about the other reviewers it's not like that, I'm sorry if it sounded that way. But back to Hogwarts being removed from the series, this is why I gave the book 4 stars instead of five, because I was really upset that the main setting for the story was finished. I mean every time I read the books, I always hated the startings because they took place in boring places like the Dursleys, who for the the past two books I had been expecting to be killed in the starting by a death eater or someone evil, I mean the burrow is alright but I just wanted to get to the school where I knew the action was. Now that that's over I guess it'll take a little getting used to. But back to the subject of the Dursley's, cleary there not really a factor anymore, they were hardly even in this book, but you can tell J.K. is bringing their involvement with harry to a close. To tell you what I would've really enjoyed, would've been if when Dumbledore had arrived at #4 that night in the beginning of the book he would have told harry that his relationship with the Dursleys would be over and he would never return to number 4 again and his next summer vacation would occur at the weasley's, then he would have sat down in front of the Dursley's told them that he was taking harry away for good, then modified their memories to remove harry and the whole wizarding world from it all the way back to the night harry arrived on their doorstep. Then harry and dumbledore would have left leaving the Dursleys, number four and a lot of bad memories behind for good. I think that would've been great. But sadly as harry stated in the end of the book he'd be going back to the dursleys for one more summer, then he'd return to Godricks Hollow and continue from there to kill Voldemort. Look for the Durlseys to be killed in the final book.<br/><br/>That's some breathing room. Now as it's nearly one o clock in the morning where i live i might have rushed a lot of that and added things i wanted to say a little early. So if i reapeat a few times then i'm sorry but it's late and mistakes will occur, I'm sorry.<br/><br/>Alrighty, now that i have given most of my feelings on book 6, i would like to tell you what i hope, would like, and think will happen in the 7th and final book. Right off the bat, i would bet a lot of money harry dies, and frankly although i know i would be upset, i think it would be right, just like i didn't like Dumbledore dying but knew it had to happen to give the book a more grittier feeling and in the end hopefully drive harry and give him more motivation to destroy voldemort and his sick cult of death eaters. Now that's just a hunch, I think J.K. will end the book with harry dying, but killing voldemort which would then result in the death eaters some how being destroyed, probably through their dark marks which would destroy them, somehow, and let's face it voldemorts going to die in the final book, there's no getting around it, he must. I mean i can't say it for certain, but I believe J.K. won't and doesn't want to end it that way. Continuing on book 7 I think, since we already know harry is done with hogwarts, which strengthens my feelings that harry will die in the final book because he wanted to be an auror and by not doing his N.E.W.T's in his 7th year his career as an auror is ruined giving him a rather limited career. Who want's to find out harry beats voldemort but becomes a bartender at the Leaky Cauldron. But anything could happen and i want to remind you i don't know what will happen i'm just giving you my thoughts i'm not saying this is GOING TO HAPPEN. Finally (on the 7th book that is i have quite a bit more to go), i think the book will end with harry and voldemort dueling in a deserted Hogwarts, which as I said isn't going to be a big part in the last book and my theory believes that the school would close and students would no longer be taught there, so i think when the duel occurs hogwarts will be deserted, empty, eeery almost with a feeling of death and decay, and harry will be very powerful, how they arrive there i dont'know, but just say they get there i would imagine it to go like this, with harry a very powerful wizard almost in an evil way, i'm hoping he seems not evil like i said but you know extremely torn and angry, because during the 7th book he'll learn that his anger and hatred are very powerful and that his only way to kill voldemort is this uncontrollable rage he possesses. Most of all he will learn to control his magic without his wand, not that he'll throw it away, but think of all the times he's lost his wand in a battle, and been as near to death as a child crossing a freeway during rush hour (okay that was pretty lame, sorry but it's too late to delete {1:35 a.m.} and now he can control spells, objects and people with his mind. Voldemort will at first be very confident and angry as he always is and try to kill harry right away with aveda kadevra in this duel in hogwarts, but as soon as he realizes that harry is cannot be touched by his spells which voldemort is realizing he's using his mind to do magic, harry will slowly be backing voldemort into a corner, voldemort tries to escape, but the thought of dumbledore, and sirius, and harry's parents and everything that voldemort had caused, all the people he's killed, all the lives he's ruined, he can't hold his emotions anymore and he just looses it. He blocks all the exits, probably with furniture (all the while using his mind) and then set's the building ablaze. Voldemort will laugh, he thinks harry, who has no way out either, is about to kill himself while voldemort himself will just be sent into a horcrux again and harry will be done. But harry knows what voldemort is thinking and grins himself while voldemort's grimace faulters, harry conjures up the 4 horcruxs that were left. He laughs as he levitates them, including the snake horcrux, into the fire the surrounds them licking the wall and causing immense heat,the horcrux's are then dissinegrated, and voldemort realizes that he has no safe goat, nothing to return him and he is going to die and at last his worst fear has come true, and harry can see it on voldemorts face then simply stops, standing over voldemort whose kneeling with his head hanging and his eyes closed, harry doesn't feel pity, he doesn't know what he feels. He know what's going to happen, now's it's the end and that the world will be alright again...only a few more minutes if even and he'll be with his mom and dad, and and sirius. He looks around at the only place he ever felt at home, that was now crumbling around him. Voldemort began to speak. "Well at least I killed your mudblood mother eh, and that pathetic, muggle loving, old man, not to mention your cowardly dad. Harry says' nothing. And voldemort starts to laugh, his head tilts back, sweat pouring from his face, his horrible face and he laughs, horribly more of a cackle really, then it happens again harry's insurmountable rage is to much, time has stopped, he's with his mom and dad and their hugging and kissing him, he being accepted at hogwarts, meeting hagrid, he meet's ron and hermone, a few more seens flash through his head, happy times at hogwarts, winning the Quiddich Cup, giving Fred and George the Triwizard winnings and the look on their faces, Cho and him kissing under the mistletoe, then sirius smiling at the christmas party, harry begins to cry but his eyes are closed and he's smiling knowing their all going to be alright, but then he saw cedric's face, sirius falling, Dumbledore finally realizing Snape was a death eater all along, Dumbledore being thrown through the air, dumbledor engulfed in flames and put into his white tomb, ron and hermonie are crying at their wedding, another tear drops from his eyes but he keeps smiling, the tear tricles onto voldemort who is still laughing as hard as ever.  Then light, brighter than anything on earth, brighter than the sun erupts from a lighting bolt shape on harry's chest, this light shines directly onto voldemort who is now screaming as his body is burning away. Harry smiles, "I'll see you in a sec mum." and harry let's go, let's go of everything all the things he knows he's leaving behind, Ron and the Weasley's, Hermonie, he's falling backwards slowly,he sees Hagrid, then he sees a small baby with bushy red hair being hugged and kissed by his loving parents Ron and Hermonie Weasley. Harry hits the ground and his whole body erupts with the light which destroys everything of the remaining hogwarts. Now Lord voldemort is dead, all of the death eaters feel their arms burning, as they look to see what's wrong they reveal the dark mark, as they look their blinded by the same bright light that shone from harry, and the death eaters are each burned by the light which eventually consumes their whole body until only ashes remain.<br/><br/>I'm sorry, I just got really carried away, that is exactly what i want and hope will happen in the end of the final book. I would really like that, but again everyone has their own preference. And i'm sure those of you who have seen carrie think it reminds you too much of that, sorry i didn't mean to seem like that.<br/><br/>Now that i've basically told you how i would write the next book. I think i would like to end this ridiculously long...whatever you want to call it, god i doubt anyone is even reading this, i bet as soon as i said harry will die in the next book lots, if not everyone said this kid is stupid and doesn't know what he's talking about. So since i'm probably talking to myself i'm going to end this with the phenomenon that's been the harry potter books and how they've affected me....this isn't going to be some deep conversation like harry has changed my life i promise....<br/><br/>So i'll start off saying I really like harry potter, but i'm not one of those people who wait in a huge line to get the new book. I mean i got this book 3 days after it hit shelves, also i've only read the books themselves once each, ok that was a lie i've never completely read the chamber of secrets, wait before you feel outraged, I guess you could say i cheat because after i read them i get them on tape so i can listen to them, alot, sometimes when i go to be or play video games or go on trips<br/><br/>so i can confidently tell you i've heard every book at least 50 times, the early ones probably more cause they've been out longer, so i feel like i know the stories in depth, but i wouldn't ever dress up and go to a HP convention, not that it's bad, i think thats cool that kids hang out and discuss books, it's not that common these days. And that leads me to the whole business of this bull about these people who think harry potter is evil and it sends a bad message...WARNING SOME LANGUAGE USED...i mean i'm christian, and so are my parents but they don't think there's anything wrong with them but you've got people, house moms mostly, who sit at home, not all house moms for those offended i'm sorry (how many times have i said i'm sorry in this thing, whatever,) then they go to their church group and they take everything so seriously, i mean you would think that kids reading is a good thing but no, they have to make it a bad thing, and it pisses me off, sorry..again, but really God doesn't think harry potter books are bad or sinning, I mean if kids who read harry potter are going to hell, there's going to be a lot of us in hell! So as a close, i know you must be exausted, i am, 2:25 a.m., but i had to get this out. So to all you harry potter fans, who we all know are geeks including me... i meant geeks in a good way, so i don't leave this offending anyone, when i say geek i mean our deep involvement with the harry potter world, for example Star Wars, the fans are really involved and make it great just like all of us, no seriously Star Wars fans rule, and when you find out what model number that fighter that appeared in Star Wars Episode 1 is, be sure to let me know, okay sorry for a final time that wasn't cool, but you know what i mean. Again Cheeers Harry Potter fans, see you in hell! Just kidding, but seriously you stay at home moms really need to get a job or something, I mean get a baby sitter or something just get out of the house and get a life!<br/><br/>  Sincerly,<br/><br/>  A kid from michigan who stayed<br/><br/>  up way to late just to right a<br/><br/>  letter he hopes some harry<br/><br/>  potter fans will enjoy! Thanks<br/><br/>  ya'll come back now...........<br/><br/>  i've got a whole i told you so<br/><br/>  review, yes the next will be a<br/><br/>  review when the 7th book come-.<br/><br/>  okay i'll stop..2:45 bed......
 I knew that this series was going to get dark after book five, but it went far beyond what I expected. The Death Eaters are no longer in hiding, and the Wizarding world is once again living in the shadow of terror.<br/>  There is some humor, of course. The new Quidditch commentator, the Weasley's new dillema, and various other small events are funny, but for the most part it's grim. Harry, thankfully, is not nearly as self-absorbed in this one as the last one, and Dumbledore is once again involved in Harry's life.<br/>Some things alluded to blossom, but a few other events are quite surprising.<br/>  All in all, a very good book, but it has too many frightening scenes for anyone under the age of at LEAST 10. Be prepared for deaths of minor and one major characters, and many new romantic entanglements. And, of course, a new Dark Arts Proffessor.
 As Harry, Ron, and Hermione's 6th year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry approaches, the magical world is in turmoil. Wizard authorities are engaged in open warfare with He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. Death Eaters and dementors are wreaking havoc on the magical and Muggle worlds alike. Cornelius Fudge has been replaced as Minister of Magic by the more public relations-savvy Rufus Scrimgeour. And Horace Slughorn, an old acquaintance of Albus Dumbledore's, is to be the new professor at Hogwart's. The school is under heavier than ever security, but students and teachers get on with their activities as normally as possible. Students carry on romances, social intrigues, and the usual stuff while Headmaster Dumbledore tries to impart crucial knowledge to Harry that he will need if he is to fight Lord Voldemort. And Draco Malfoy is little seen, as he has been entrusted with a sinister mission which he carries out in secret.<br/><br/>In keeping with tradition, "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" reveals a little more of the mysterious past and of Harry's destiny. This time, the past that is revealed is not Harry's, but Voldemort's. It strikes me that the characters in this book can be divided into three sets, each of which J.K. Rowling develops differently: Voldemort becomes more of a real character than in previous books, as we learn about his beginnings. Albus Dumbledore continues in the vein started in Book 5, where he began to appear vulnerable. But Dumbledore has completely reversed his tendency to keep information from Harry. Now he wants to reveal all that he knows with some urgency.<br/><br/>The third set of characters is the students, who have become a character development problem. We see in Harry, Ron, and Hermione -perhaps for the first time- that these books truly are intended for children. The trio of 16-year-olds simply hasn't grown up. It might also be said that the adults' feelings and grudges in Rowling's books don't change, but stagnation is plausible in adults. The problem is most evident in the dialogue, where bright, adventurous young adults are made to speak like 12-year-olds. Maybe this is inevitable in a series of childrens' books which follow young characters over time. And children may not notice the implausibility of the characters' manner. But older readers can't help but notice that behavior that was precocious on 11-year-olds in "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is remedial on 16-year-olds. Harry has become oddly passive, as well, which I can't say is an improvement. It's as if Rowling hasn't figured out how to write mature characters for a young audience.<br/><br/>Like its immediate predecessor, "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix", "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is needlessly long and verbose. The book is very readable, but the first two-thirds is burdened by extraneous scenes and descriptions. The last third picks up the pace considerably, but the book should have been much tighter. For all the exposition, this seems more like a segway between Book 5 and the finale than a novel in itself, as very little happens. In spite of problems with editing and character development, "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is fun. And that's a great credit to J.K. Rowling, considering that her formula is getting tired at this point. "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is the weakest in the series so far. It utterly lacks the clever humor and vivid imagery that enchanted children and adults alike in the first 3 books. I wish I could say that was replaced by character development, but it was only replaced by verbiage. Nevertheless, fans will be pleased to learn more about the mysterious Lord Voldemort, and they will be entertained by the story despite its flaws.
 I preordered this book in great anticipation and didn't put it down until I finished it.  Perhaps my opinion of it will differ than the younger age group (I'm in my 30's) but I was disappointed in this one.  This doesn't mean the book isn't an enjoyable read and a wonderful escape to a now familiar group of friends - but in comparison of the others in the series, and with the hype associated with it's long anticipated arrival, it just didn't deliver in the way I had hoped.  On the plus side - we are given more pieces to the puzzle, which is exactly what keeps us all coming back - because we want to see the finished picture.  We aren't overloaded with too many new characters, which in past books may have caused readers a bit of head spinning, and existing characters continue to be developed.  But level of adventure and thrills we have come to expect seem to be missing in this round.  And I found myself more frustrated with the ending than jumping up and down wanting the next installment.  I'm in no way advising against picking up this book for a good read - I am simply recommending that readers lower their expectations for this piece of the series to avoid being unsatisfied as this part ends and hope Book Seven, which is clearly inevitable, can deliver more of the intensity and jaw dropping twists we have come to expect from Harry and his lot.
 I just re-read this book for the 2nd time and am just blown away with the attention to details and past story line connections.  As a middle aged person, I can't believe how I am so caught up in this world; well, yes, I can.  It is because J.K. Rowling manages to bring children from pre-teens into almost young adults with such universal emotional development that we call can relate to.  Harry Potter is no saint; he breaks rules and dismisses authority, but he is someone who learns and never gives up. He went from having no one, to having friends who are loyal and true.  And he got his first real girlfriend, a girl who watched him grow into the man who must sacrifice her for his ultimate mission in life.  Once book seven is written, what will I do without the continuing adventures of this group...supposing they all live after the final confrontation with You Know Who.
 As a die-hard HP fan, I've been awaiting this book for EVER it seems, re-reading the previous books over and over again to find clues as to what HBP would encompass, and I have to admit that I was quite disappointed. We expect amazing things from Ms. Rowling, and I'm sorry to say that this time she failed to perform up to her normal standards. *WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD* First of all, the opening chapters seemed disjointed to me; Rowling has tried and succeeded in switching between viewpoints in the first chapters before (see Goblet of Fire) but somehow, this time it didn't work. I've recently taken to reading some of the massive amounts of HP FanFiction out there, and I have to mention that not once but many times it felt as if the book was authored not by Rowling, but by a FanFiction writer (not to say they aren't any good, but only Rowling has the magical touch... no pun intended). Also, I didn't feel like we received too much insight into Harry's thoughts, he seemed abnormally aloof from us readers. Ms. Rowling, we're only Muggles, you can't possibly expect us to try Legilimency on Harry! Although it was interesting and informative to learn about Voldemort's background, I would've really liked to hear more of Lily and James' stories as well.. other than that Lily was good at Potions. And it seemed to me that Harry wasn't interacting with Ron and Hermione as he usually does. I was thrilled when his two best friends finally hooked up, as we all knew they would, but I found it very un-Rowlingesque how there was a whole page about Harry waiting for it to happen, and wondering if he would be left out, or if it would last. I was expecting something more along the lines of "Harry grinned, after five years of hearing his best friends constantly squabbling it only seemed natural that the next step would be for them to either Stun each other or start going out." And Harry's crush on Ginny, which I was also anticipating, seemed just as weird. The inner-angst (Ron or Ginny?) was okay, but it seemed so much sweeter when he was crushing on Cho, how he had always had butterflies in his stomach, but never came out and said "HARRY LIKED CHO", the more subtle approach made Harry even more lovable. The idea of a Tonks-Lupin romance makes me jump up and down with joy, because they would be wonderful together. Dumbledore seemed a bit distant with Harry, lacking most of his usual eccentricity, which I greatly missed. And Snape.. I have no words to spare on him, as I'm furious at him, but I knew that he would have to turn to one side at some point. But why weren't there more UGH-Snape-is-a-pain-but-Dumbledore-trusts-him scenes? I expected many more of those! The symbolism of the protagonist's guide leaving him to complete the task by himself is inevitable, so I was 99% positive it would be Dumbledore who died. ***THEORY*** I think R.A.B. might be Regulus Black.. we already know he betrayed Voldemort!! Anyways.. wrapping this up, I just want to say that I excused Ms. Rowling this time as she has two young children on her hands and her other daughter as well, but I dearly hope that Book Seven is leagues better than this one.<br/><br/>If I were to put the books in order from worst to best, I'd say:<br/>1. Prisoner of Azkaban<br/>2. Order of the Phoenix<br/>3. Goblet of Fire<br/>4. Sorcerer's Stone<br/>5. Chamber of Secrets<br/>6. Half-Blood Prince
 If you liked the movies, you might  enjoy the books. The movies don't do justice to the real story, Amazon or Netflix should make a series
 This book was amazingly written. I am reading the series for the first time and am now wishing I had done so ages ago.
 I was not impressed with Harry Potter when the books were originally released and very popular with my friends. Now that I'm older I tried again and I can't believe it took so long for me to enter this world and lose myself in it. Rarely does a book series get better with each new addition, but in the case of Harry Potter it surely does. I love a good villain and Lord Voldemort ranks with the best. I've been excited to learn more about him and The Half Blood Prince didn't let me down :)
 I finished the book no more than five minutes ago and right now I an choked up. Really any prediction from any site was way off and as I reflect a total laugh.<br/><br/>In the first few chapters of the book it easily shows that the book is progressing in to a more mature theme.<br/><br/>While reading some of the more adult parts I thought that alot of parents are goig to be furious. Right now it has not become such an isuue but it will.<br/><br/>Romance flies everywhere and I found JK Rowlings view on todays teen hormonal issues quite acurate.<br/><br/>The book also answers alot of answers riddling me and they were not cliche hollywood relevations as well.<br/><br/>The end with out spoiling too much is very fast paced, shocking and had me in tears.<br/><br/>I urge people who have not picked up a Harry Potter book to do so now because if you are reading this you have to be a little quizzicle.<br/><br/>To summarize this book is by far the best in the series, so all I can say now is when is book 7 coming?
 I did enjoy the book but it seemed more of a fanfiction then it did Rowling's work.<br/><br/>It seemed like she just rushed right through the book while she was writing it. Also all the characters had sudden personality changes over the summer. Hermione didn't seem to be the bright and clever witch she was in the previous five books. Ron and Lavendar? How did this come about exactly. I know Ron started dating Lavendar to make Hermione jealous but how was it that Lavendar suddenly seemed to really like Ron? Their relationship just didn't seem realistic to me at all.<br/><br/>While I did enjoy Ginny and Harry's relationship, it is hard for me to believe that Harry would kiss Ginny in the middle of the common room. It just doesn't seem very Harry like after the whole Cho relationship where he was embarrassed about kissing couples.<br/><br/>Maybe I just need to read it a couple more times to really catch things because to me there was no detail. The book seemed pointless to me. The last few chapters were great and weren't so pointless and Harry finding all the stuff about Voldemort wasn't pointless but the rest of it didn't seem to be thought out.
 I wasn't sure what to expect with this instalment of the series. I've enjoyed them all, but thought that the last one could have done with some serious editing to make it shorter and more punchy. When I got this latest version I thought that judging by the size (just over 600 pages) it could probably do with the same.<br/><br/>My reading started badly. There is a spelling/grammar mistake on the second page. In something that has this kind of machine behind it, I find this unforgivable.<br/><br/>Anyway, I soldiered on, and very soon was unable to put it down. After recent events in London, it seemed that the start of the book could have been written in the last week or so, so well did it mirror (albeit in a different context) terrorist activity.<br/><br/>This volume of the story is somewhat different from the others. It is a lot more sombre, and I was 400 pages or so in by the time I came across any of the humour that is scattered throughout the other books. It seemed to me to be specifically setting the scene for the final volume of the series and, by the end, there is virtually no doubt of how the next book is going to proceed.<br/><br/>Apart from a few "set pieces" there is none of the adventure of the other books, it is mostly the interaction between the main players that dominates proceedings. It must be remembered that Harry and his friends are now sixteen plus so that some of the book may not be as easily accessible (I don't want to say unsuitable) to the same younger readers that enjoy the first book. However, for those that grow up with Harry Potter, reading the books over time, then it works well. The story now concentrates more on the political side of the goings on of the magical world, how the muggle world is affected and how the ministry and the government interact. Some of this is well thought out, and underlying it all is a sense of paranoia that keeps you reading. When the climax came, I couldn't quite believe it happened so quickly and the book finishes with everything hanging in the air, just waiting from the next one to start. This is the first book in the series that, I feel, is not a complete story - it is mainly a scene setter for the last book. But, that doesn't mean that it isn't enjoyable. It is extremely easy to read, and I finished it in two days, and didn't feel that I'd pushed myself to do it - it was just that I wanted to find out what happened. Now, I'm waiting, with everyone else I guess, for the final book to be written.
 I found this book in one respect to be the well-written, darkening continuance of the Harry Potter series.  Harry matures and steps up to the task of learning how to vaquish the Dark Lord Voldemort from the present most accomplished wizard, Albus Dumbledore.  However, on the other hand the development and/or behavior of many of the supporting cast of characters (Ron, Hermione, Ginny, Neville, and Luna)have drastically changed for the worse (as in Hermione and Ron)or have slipped away altogether as in (Luna and Neville).  And since when has Ginny been so important to Harry?  We didn't hear much about her through the other five books.  Nothing that great anyway. And now here she is! More so in teenage lust that teenage love for the right reasons. The so-called romance and teen angst was weakly written. A good editor could have helped that.  And side plots with Drago, Snape, and Slughorn were quite good.  We still need neatening up, still a lot of facts answered and overall closure in the 7th Book!  Gook Luck JKR!!
 The expert way in which Rowling matured her characters has always been what has engrossed me about the series. What was great was the subtle process in which she managed it. It was usually a subconscious response to the growth that engrossed us in the novel, even though we could not pin point  what was in fact so engrossing. Saying that, it is in this book that I realized how much Harry had changed for the first time. How he dealt with matters in a rougher way. How his modesty and his good qualities, while present, had changed in their appearance. How, as his knowledge gained and he had more control over himself, he began to make more wrong decisions. No longer was he just  a pawn of fate, but aware of his actions. No longer do we just follow Harry as we did in earlier books, we fail and succeed along side him. And Rowling does not forget his other characters. What some refer to as fluff, I refer to as a necessary recount of growth. Particularly well done, was the treatment of Dumbledore. Even though he remains as a strong powerful mentor, we see weakness and uncertainty. The exposition of Riddle was a nice touch. It fit the dark theme of the book, as we traveled to the bowels of the psyche to discover its own vulnerabilities. These flaws of Riddle and Dumbledore allow Harry to take his place among them as another passionate flawed being. The Harry that emerges at the end of the book is finally ready to accept the hand he has been dealt.
 Excellent read!
 After waiting two years to read the sixth installment of the Harry Potter series and waiting in line at a bookstore until 1:00 in the morning, all I can say is the new Harry Potter book is that the new book is simply magical.<br/><br/>  We find Harry at the Dursleys'(of course)looking at a letter sent by Albus Dumbledore. It seems that Harry is going to the Burrows and will soon be reunited with his friends.  From there on out, Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is a roller coaster.<br/><br/> I laughed, I marveled and in the climax scene at the end my mouth hung open while tears streamed down my face. Some parts were definitely faster paced then others, but even the slower  moments had me cracking up or thinking about how perfectly timed they were (Ron's romantic entanglements come to mind).<br/><br/> This book is definitely darker then the previous five, but you also learn more about Lily Potter, what became of Fleur Delacour and of course Weasley's Wizard Weezes.<br/><br/> Of course, when it all came to a gut wrenching end, I couldn't wait to read it again and again until the last book comes out in this perfect series.
 As Harry Potter progresses into yet another year of excitement and adventures, the wizarding world is becoming increasingly dark and ominous. Having finally regained his powerful influence, Lord Voldermort and his sadistic supporters have resumed their murderous habits. The Ministry of Magic has imposed elevated security and implores that people remain vigilant. Acting impulsively, they are throwing innocent people in jail, intending to provide the illusion of competence and efficiency. Entering Hogwarts, Harry is disappointed to learn that Snape has become the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. However, along with the overwhelming troubles and concern, Harry soon inadvertently discovers a potions textbook which has been heavily edited and revised by someone by the name of the Half-Blood Prince. He uses this to his advantage as he follows the directions in the book to become a star student and excels in his potions class. But the real shock comes when the story finally culminates in a scuffle with shocking results. In this new novel Harry encounters fear, death-defying conflicts and, of course, normal teenage dilemmas involving love, academics and friendship. The story behind The Half-Blood Prince makes an extraordinary and spellbinding finish to the series, inevitable!
 J.K. Rowing is such a detailed writer, with twists and turns all around.  I believe completely that things aren't as they seem.  Appearances can be changed and senses tricked in these books.  That is what is really fun about these books.  Things are so complex, that there is no way anyone can be sure how things will turn out in the end.  J.K. Rowing is not a stagnant writer whose writing is predictable.  This books reveals a lot of new information and creates new questions to be answered in the last book.  Fans will not be completely disappointed, although they will definitely go through mourning at the end.
 It takes a special writer to be true to the story and write what must be written in order to keep the plot whole and flowing. Yes, someone within the main circle of Hogwarts does die and, although it makes sense, it is still shocking. The book starts off fairly slow at first but ends with a resounding and suprising climax making it a fitting sequel to the other equally enthralling books. I got my in-laws to babysit overnight and read the 652 page behemoth from noon until 9 pm with my beloved husband making sure I was fed and watered while I gobbled it up on borrowed time. The spoilers I will divulge are small. The book spends much time on the origins of Voldemort, giving us more insight into him and his goals. In truth, this book is truly more about him than Harry. As for the Half-Blood Prince, it was truly a shock to find out that it was really----naw, I'm not gonna give it up. Read the book, it's worth it.
 Thank you
 Read again after a 10 year hiatus from the Harry Potter series. I still really enjoy it
 my girlfriend was right, the books do tell you waaaay more than the movies. I love the movies as well, but I'm sad that I only have one more book to go here. Maybe soemday she'll write about the exploits of young Albus Severus Potter and the rest, that'd be great!
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince<br/><br/>By J. K. Rowling<br/><br/>Scholastic Books Inc., 2005, 652 pp., $29.99<br/><br/>ISBN0-43978454-9<br/><br/>When Harry finds hand written spells, curses, and potion hints in his potions book he doesn't think much of it. His friend, Hermione Granger, is suspicious though. Hermione forgets all about the book however when she gets in a huge fight with Ron Weasley (Harry's other friend.) Harry's arch enemy Malfoy attacks Harry, and Harry uses one of the spells from the potions book which proves to be dangerous, Snape, their teacher, deals with the affects of the spell. Harry starts to have meetings with Dumbledore to learn more about the evil Voldemort. He and Dumbledore go to a cave because in the cave there is something that will help destroy Voldemort. In the cave something happens to Dumbledore that leaves him ill.<br/><br/>I think that so far this has been the best book in the series. I enjoyed it so much that I have read it 6 times. In this book the characters are more grown up that they where in the first five books. I recommend this book for anyone over the age of five years old. If I were to rate this book from 1-10 (10 being the highest) I would give it a 10. I think that J.K. Rowling did a brilliant job when she wrote this book. She made it so I wanted to keep reading on and on. Now I can't wait to read the seventh and final book in the series.
 Once again, another fantastic Harry Potter novel has come. This one is my favourite, tied with the goblet of fire.<br/>This one is my favourite because of the adventures that harry goes on with Dumbledore, my favourite chapters being the cave, when they go and try and get voldemort's Horcrux. This is why the next novel , in my opinion, will be the best because Harry will destroy all of Voldemort's four other Horcruxes.<br/>I also like the parts when Harry and Dumbledore go into the Pensieve and look at Veldemort's mother and Tom Marvolo Riddle(a.k.a. Voldemort) as a child in an orphanage.<br/>Well, I think that this series will end incredibly and if you haven't read this book yet...can i ask why not??? It is the best book in the series and you should read it if you haven't.<br/>(p.s. keep and eye out for the goblet of fire "the movie". It comes out november 18, 2005)
 I've read a few of the reviews for the book and decided to offer my own 2 cents just because I feel the book deserves it. I ordered the book so I would get it the day it was released and read it through in one sitting. People who were expecting big and brash would have been let down, but I didnt expect that. The book focused on Harry and Company and really pushed them to the forefront. By the end of this book the 3 main characters needed to be united, needed to have matured and needed to be ready for what was waiting for them in book 7. In a way, this book is here to set everything up for book 7 and in that instance is successes brilliantly.<br/><br/>JK has stated that this is basically the end of the series, one book choped in half (think Matrix 2 and 3 or LOTRs) with both written together and then divided up. This does everything it should do. It answers some questions, throws up even more questions and sets all the events in line for the final show down leaving the reader eager to get to the final piece. JK is following the classic mythological route of any type of story (think Star Wars) We know people are going to die. We know eventually the hero must face the evil lord alone and this goes some way to putting this in motion.<br/><br/>I'm not going to rally huge spoilers because then theres no fun in reading the book and if youve been reading through all the reviews you probably know what happenes anyway. I'm not going to analyse Harry as a dog or anything else. Harry is simply a young man who has had to grow up incredibly fast. This was shown in Potter 5 and while we dont have the anger filled Harry anymore we have a grieving Harry who for once, mainly thanks to being made Captain and having the Minestry on his side for the first time, finds himself actually popular and lusted after. He is loyal to his true friends, something that is shows in his distain for people making fun of Nevile and Luna. He wears his heart on his sleeve and thus, thinks emotionally instead of practically. This is a flaw and Harry is a flawed human. Every character has good points and bad points. This is what makes them seem real and thus, makes people identify with them. Ron is loyal but a little dence. Hermione is clever but can be irrating. These are little bits of their characters. If they were clear cut smart, annoying, whatever they wouldnt be very interesting.<br/><br/>That is what makes JKs writing so good. Every character, as in real life, has good points and bad points. No ones is perfect and as her we've grown up her characters have grown up too. People have complained about the book not having their favourite characters getting together or someone doing something they dont agree with. Get over it. Its a story that was conceived and planned long ago and JK is writing the way she wants too. The book focuses on the passage to adult hood. On couples and the embarressement haveing a friend with a girlfeiend can cause. JK captures it perfectly in the way one couple are constantly all over eachother, how jelously and ideas in someones head can play out. JK really does capture that feeling off having a crush and questioning what to do about it. Anyone in high school who saw couples making out during breaks only to break up and hate eachother the next day will totally understand what is going on and that makes it all the more humourus.<br/><br/>The books is a great read and for a minor spoiler the last 3 chapters are possibly the best and most beautiful pieces of writing JK has ever put together.<br/><br/>Read this book, be aware of what its intend is and enjoy it.
 Having been disappointed with Book 5, I wasn't sure what to expect for Book 6.  The first two chapters were a little on the dry side but starting at Chapter 3, the tale spun ahead and carried me through to the end, when I sobbed with heartfelt sorrow.  The story was more tightly knit than in the last book and many loose ends were tied, with references to the past that help weave Book 6's tale.  Tied with Prisoner of Azkaban, this is definitely my favorite of the series!
 Awesome - just when you might think the series would be getting stale, it takes it up a notch....<br/><br/>I dunno how the house elves were supposed to be able to apparate into Harry's dorm room when even Dumbledore couldnt apparate into the school...<br/><br/>But otherwise the story was great, interesting, and even had me a little choked up.
 No other word but excellent. Enjoy all of the series. Every time I read them I find more to appreciate Kate.
 In this episode JK Rowling is much darker than the previous books. In many instances, she is setting the stage for the series finale. Her challenge was to keep the readers interest while forshadowing events to come. I think she suceeded nicely by winding several minor intrigues into the story and resolving them before the books end. There isn't as much magical dueling and action as in previous attempts, but neverless I found it a compeling read that was difficult to put down. I highly recommend it!!
 It is Harry Potter - what else can I say. Read it from Book One forward. The change in mood and increased maturity show a great deal of planning and forethought.
 This is the best book of the series. I love the other books but it is undeniable --- the story keeps getting better. After I read Order of the Phoenix I thought that Order was the best. Now that I have read Half-Blood there is no doubt this is the best one. The opening chapter is brilliant. It is a complete departure from the other 5 books. It gives this book grounding in reality. It also evokes an expansion in the story. Events in the Wizard world are starting to impact the Muggle world with catastrophic results. Harry not only has to save Wizard-kind but Muggles as well. The 2nd chapter is better than the first. The opening paragraphs are intriguing, suspenseful and frightening. The chapter builds from that great opening to a stunning conclusion. The 3rd Chapter is where the book starts to soar and the tension, humor and complexity of the characters and the story grows through the remainder of the book leading to the unbelievable events of betrayal, injustice, heroism and sacrifice. The ending made my jaw drop and questions fill my mind as no Potter book has ended like this one. Many Potter fans will want to change the events in this book. They will find many of the events unacceptable. I believe they are in denial. The actions of the characters and subsequent events of the final act should stimulate great debates among Potter fans for years.
 I have been reading this series since the 6th Grade, and now I am a Senior in High School. Now, I'm not obsessed with this series like some people, but I don't know what it is about this series..Once I pick up one of the books, I can never put it down until I finish (although, I have only read each book once or twice).<br/><br/>This is an amazing series, which has recaptured the imagination of thousands (if not millions) of people around the world.<br/><br/>The 6th Harry Potter book, is not my favorite book of the series, but I like it just the same. In this book, Harry Potter's world is being turned upside down. If I were to pick the best thriller out of the Harry Potter series, I would probably pick the Sixth book, for obvious reasons. If I had to pick one thing about the Sixth book that I didn't like, it would be that Hagrid's character wasn't mentioned as much as in the other books. I know Hagrid's character isn't a big part in this book, but still...<br/><br/>If you have read books 1 through 5, I highly reccommend you to buy the Sixth book. You will not regret it. I hope my review has helped.<br/><br/>- Jeff
 To say that Harry Potter and the Half-Blood prince is Rowling’s best work would be an understatement.  The book is a masterful story of love, loss, courage and determination in the face of overwhelming odds.  The perfect penultimate chapter to the Harry Potter saga.
 A lot more in detail about things that posed questions in the movie. The climax fight scene was way better. But deaths in the books are way less emotional
 I have been really enjoying rereading the Harry Potter series. Always entertaining to follow Harry from year one to the end
 WOW! What a book! What a plot! How does JK Rowling keep track of all the details in her story?? I was cheering, and literally only put this book down to eat meals, and finished it in a day. Halelujah! My brain was begging for more! I am ecstatic for both the next book and the movie!<br/><br/>I love the responsibilities that Harry now has, and I love the new relationship between him and Dumbledore. What a twist! Is everyone in this book gonna die?? New bad guy revealed, tons of old ones escape. Once again, how does JK Rowling keep track of it all? Haven't met anyone yet who didn't enjoy it, read it please!
 This has been my favorite installment in the Harry Potter series by far. I never wanted to put it down (even more so than the first five)!
 Love rereading the series. All the details I didn't notice the first time!
 There was a craze the week before "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" was released, but after reading the book, it just didn't seem as good as I hoped.<br/><br/>Even though Rowling kept the culture and the charm of the wizarding world alive, it appears that she is beginning to cater to what the publisher and the hordes of readers want, not to the heart and plot of the book. One clear depiction of this is the relationships that pop up out of no where. Hermione and Ron begin to become awkward and flirty, as many predicted, and Harry and Ginny go out. Another couple that was rather unexpected and sudden was Tonks's secret love for Remus Lupin. These random relationships led one to believe that Rowling is adding mush for mush's sake. It also seems as if Rowling is trying to suck up to readers and to lighten up the book with fluffy relationships that have little purpose until the end when Hermione and Ron there to support Harry, who has finally grown out of his need for comfort and truly accepts his fate. Even so, it becomes clear where Rowling plans to take the relationships and that this story could very well end up with a cheesy, smiley, everyone-is-happy ending with Harry and Ginny have two kids that they name in honor of their deceased loved-ones (Sirius Jr. and the like), Ron and Hermione sharing a garden with the happy little couple and everyone gathering and Tonks and Remus's cottage for tea.<br/><br/>Another important flaw is the lack of true progression. The story crawls along, the only exciting parts coming along every once and a while and the confusing battle scene that leaves readers craving for more but only getting a chapter intended to bring about tears in a fake scene of love that only draws away from the real tragedy.<br/><br/>Over all, the book was good. It will serve as a snack before we can satisfy our hunger with the final installment. One good point is how Rowling writes Snape. The question that lingers at the end of the 6th book is where does Snape stand and what are his real reasons which will undoubtedly play a large role in the 7th book.<br/><br/>If I had to pick my favorite book so far, it would be the third, "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" simply because the plot was refreshing. Voldemort was absent so the main part of the story was Harry's emotions, not vague issues that he has to gallantly charge off to fix. Plus, Sirius, my favorite character is introduced. This book also marks the beginning of the saga. While the first two books really just introduced characters, this one was not ended with a sense of finality, it flowed into the next book, which flowed into the 5th book, and then onto this one. I hope Rowling will bring the last book up to par with the third and end this epic series with the finale it deserves.
 By now, everyone should realize that one of the HP trademarks is that nothing is as it seems. I don't always like the plot twists, but the hidden motives and many facets of the characters make them real, unpredictable and fascinating, and I want to know the whole story.<br/><br/>Reading the last three books in the series is like looking at a large painting in a dark room, with spotlights slowly switching on, illuminating more and more of the details, in the expectation that ultimately the whole picture will be revealed. I am confident that eventually the whole HP story will be told and I trust J. K. Rowling to tell it in her own way and in her own time.  Those who object to this should write their own books.
 Lives up to the other HP books. The best part is that my 8-year old daughter enjoyed reading it with me. The HP series all contributed to my daughter's reading level jump. She was able to apply her reading comprehension strategies and did not even notice she was doing it.  Reading now brings her pleasure and is not just something she had to do because of school.
 Wow. The emotions provoked. I can't believe it. This series let's me know there are others who  understand pain. But who also understand love.
 I started the Half Blood Prince countdown the day I found out it would be released. Which was... In January, I think. Anyway. I pre-ordered the book, and my family/ friends thought I was crazy. I did it anyway.<br/><br/>As much as I hated the ending (first she kills Sirius, one of my favourite characters, then she kills off Dumbledore, arghh!) you gotta love the book.<br/><br/>I'm not going to summarize it, because everyone's done it, and you all know what happens.<br/><br/>It's a good read. I found it very depressing, nonetheless, I still read it all the time, and everyone thinks I'm crazy, but each time I get to the end, I'll be in tears.<br/><br/>Very embarrassing.<br/><br/>Anyway. I especially love it because she makes it seem as though Draco Malfoy (my all time favourite character, followed by Fred and George) is not as evil as everyone makes out.<br/><br/>Well. I'll let you carry on reading. I definitely recommend buying the book. And if you're as emotional as me... A box of tissues, maybe?
 I love Harry Potter, but I'm not one of the sickening uber-fans.  I read the books, watch the movies, follow the news, etc, etc.  And this (last to date) book left me not only wanting more, but disappointed.  I think J.K. Rowling's running out of ideas, and she's stated that the initial plot for the seventh book has changed.  Quite possibly, she wants to overhaul the entire series (something I can relate to, being a writer)...  The writing seems a tad stilted, and as someone mentioned, the characters are barely developed (was it just me, or did Harry and Ginny come completely out of left field...or fan fiction?).  Harry is about the same as we left him in Book Five--oooh, spooky cliffhanger, Voldemort and the Death Eaters are back and they are EVIL, romantic tension, where does he go from HERE?--so it's as if almost nothing has changed in an entire year (besides O.W.L.s, main-character-who-I-suppose-I-shouldn't-mention dying).  And the aforementioned cliffhanger--does anyone truly believe (unavoidable spoiler alert) that Harry isn't coming back to Hogwarts next year?<br/><br/>There's been so much speculation, theorizing, and hoping for the next book that half the fans are going to be disappointed anyway (which may have happened with Book Six, I don't know)...so I have no idea in which direction the possibly-writer's-blocked J.K.'s gonna go in.<br/><br/>Although I've criticized some points of this book, I feel obliged to give it plot points.  Although slow-moving and frustrating in some parts, in others it flowed well and advanced the saga surprisingly well.  The book was (weirdly) shorter than the last one (the best, I think, so far was #5), making it seem a little rushed in strange places to rush a plot along (Ginny and Harry's relationship, anyone?), but the overall plot was spectacular, which I've come to expect (maybe wrongly) by J.K. Rowling.<br/><br/>Although Harry seems confident about his next step at the end of this book, though, I doubt Ms. Rowling is half that sure.
 "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" by itself is a very good novel. When compared to its predecessor "Order of the Phoenix" and the last installment "Deathly Hallows", it doesn't quite measure up. The sixth book of the series is largely a build-up to transition to the final stand-off in the seventh book, but it seems like there is just a little too much talking and not enough classic Harry Potter action. I guess this was a pretty necessary transition, however, as it does set up the conclusion of the series very nicely. I suggest that if you have not read this book yet to make sure that you have the seventh book handy as you are going to want to continue on as soon as you finish this one.
 I will admit, that I, like thousands of other individuals around the world waited in line at midnight for the sixth entailment in the Harry Potter series, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.  Unlike the other books, this one begins with a different twist.  Usually, the reader expects to hear about Harry's dismal summer at the Durlseys, but Harry isn't even mentioned until the third chapter of the book.  New characters are introduced and the plot thickens with the wizarding world being at war.  Rowling, like always, does a superb job at creating an enticing book that is difficult to put down.  There are times that you will laugh; cry and a new sense of suspense will overcome the reader.  Unlike the previous books, this one is much darker.  It is as if the plot itself is maturing with Harry, including darker creatures, personalities (as in the characters themselves), etc.  All I can truly say is that this book is in fact brilliant in all respects and that I cannot wait until the seventh book is released.
 Okay, people, listen up.  There are a few reviews here that get on my nerves.  I'm looking for constructive, informed criticism.<br/><br/>First of all:  The plot.  Apparently, some of you yahoos who are "Harry Potter fans" are confused about it.  In case you missed the first FIVE books, the plot is simple:  Harry Potter vs. Lord Voldemort.  It's good versus evil, folks, it just doesn't get any simpler.  Furthermore, the individual plotpoints of this book are as follows (and yes, there are going to be SPOILERS):<br/><br/>1.  Harry is growing up.  This is the PRIMARY plot point for every book.<br/><br/>2.  The government in the magickal world is just as screwed up as that in the Muggle world, ie., power corrupts, no matter who is in charge.<br/><br/>3.  We now know that the Muggle government is aware of the Magickal government.<br/><br/>4.  Dumbledore has finally told the Dursleys off (which, by the way, for those of you who didn't find anything of use to say when reviewing, was cool.)<br/><br/>5.  Dumbledore is trusting Harry to do things one would normally expect of an adult.  In other words, Harry is beginning to take responsibility for his world and his life.<br/><br/>6.  We're dealing with the origin of Voldemort, much of which is a statement of nature over nuture.  Would V be evil if he was brought up in a household like Harry's?<br/><br/>7.  Many of the themes are more serious, because were also dealing with death, murder and mayhem.  Horcruxes, anyone?<br/><br/>8.  This is the closest book of the lot to be more like a novel rather than a childrens' book.  The author is assuming you people will mature or be mature over the lifespan of the epic (which is what it is).  Expect the seventh book to be a novel.<br/><br/>9.  This book talks about Harry's prophecy, which we understand to be self-fulfilling from the standpoint of Voldemort.  He is his own worst enemy.  Apparently the goofy reviewers didn't like this aspect and decided since they couldn't understand it, they'd just trash the book.<br/><br/>10.  Someone also commented on the "not as clever as usual" Hogwarts students.  We are dealing with 16 year-olds at this point, not only wizards and witches, but also adolescents, big hormone machines (as evidenced by Harry-Ginny and<br/><br/>Ron-Hermione-and everyone else).  How about give it up for Jo Rowling, who brings in a balance between fantasy and reality?<br/><br/>11.  Elevation of violence.  'Nuf said.<br/><br/>12.  Malfoy had a choice, he didn't make it.  Talk amongst yourselves about that one.<br/><br/>13.  Is big D dead, and by the way...no one seems to understand the concept of "cliffhanger".  If she explained everything, there'd be no need for seven books.  She could just write one:  "Big Book of Everything you ever wanted to know about these books I'm about to publish so no one will have to read them, as you're all a bunch of impatient illiterate trolls" by JK Rowling.<br/><br/>14.  Speaking of cliffhangers, anyone figure out RAB yet?  I think I have.<br/><br/>15.  You might check through the book for more stuff like that.  You know, plots, adventures, action, suspense, humor, mysteries, etc.<br/><br/>16.  The books have been getting progressively darker, it has not taken a darker turn, it was kinda dark from the gitgo ('member that guy drinking unicorn's blood in the first book, the guy who murdered the main character's parents, who successively tries to kill him (or his lackeys do) in every book?)  It's not "all of a sudden" dark, it's just a little dimmer than the previous ones.<br/><br/>People who have problems with the plot are obviously under the misapprehension that every problem gets resolved in one book.  These people obviously have started reading the series with this book.  It's a SERIAL, part of a SERIES.<br/><br/>Read the rest of the books, nitwits.<br/><br/>As for the fun of reading the books, the fun lies in the wandering around in this universe.  The fun does not lie in the resolution.  In other words, the book is about the journey, not about the finish line (see Lord of the Rings, The Dark Tower, Dune, Star Wars, etc, for this idea).  You don't like this book, go read one of the other ones.  There might be stuff you missed.<br/><br/>Personally, I'll be happy to see the last book, but sad to see the series end.
 I have read many of the books in the Harry Potter series, and The Half Blood Prince, was definitely one of my favorites. The plot and the setting of the book book were much more exciting than the others in the series, even though they traveled much less and the plot never fully expressed itself until the end of the story. I found it a very easy book to keep reading, and I never found a boring point where I wanted to put the book down, I really liked how the author introduced old characters back into the story.<br/><br/>I would highly recommend this book to strong readers since it is rather long (600-700pgs). I would not recommend this book to readers who have watched the movie before they read the book, because it is somewhat different. Overall, I do think anyone would like this book because it incorporates many themes such as mystery, fiction and fantasy. Again I thought this was a great book and would gladly read it again.
 I choose this rating because this read is one for the ages, a timeless beauty. Reading this is better than the movies.
 I am an avid fan of the Harry Potter and J.K. Rowling's most recent book, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, is the best one so far in the series.  Though the author's writing style remains the same, there are quite some differences in the most recent addition to the series.<br/><br/>The characters you first read about 7 years ago are growing up.  J.K. Rowling has added romance into the trio's lives.  "It's just because she's Ron's sister, he told himself.  You just didn't like seeing her kissing Dean because she's Ron's sister...(289)" Newfound sparks of interests are established within the main characters in ways that would not have crossed your mind.  These romantic issues don't really factor into the main focus of the plot and are sort of pointless but they do serve as pretty interesting side stories.<br/><br/>J.K. Rowling also added a darker feel into the 6th book.  There is more pain, more tragedy, and more suffering.  "And then, without warning, it swept over him, the dreadful truth, more completely and undeniably than it had until now. (644)" The book will spark feelings of hate, happiness, anger, and might even spark a few tears in your eyes.  There is an added hint of sophistication and a sense of maturity. "...And he was more alone than he had ever felt before. (645)" A character is also killed off in this part of the series.  J.K. Rowling is not a predictable author.  The usual "they can't die because they're too important" doesn't apply in this case.  It can be a minor character or a major character; their importance in the novel does not have an effect on their fate.  In Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, you just never know.  This book in the series serves as a passage between children's literature to young adult literature.  The Harry Potter series is no longer a children's book and is more suitable for a young adults.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince goes more into the history of the most infamous and least featured main character in the entire series, Voldemort, and how Tom Riddle became Voldemort.  "He shed his name...and created the mask of `Lord Voldemort'... (277)" The readers get a chance to learn more about his past to prepare us for the future in the plot.  This book is the last one before the climax.  J.K. Rowling leaves you hanging at the end, anxious for the last and final release.  Unlike the past books of the series, the end of Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince isn't really the end.  Books 1 through 5 all had separate plots but book 6 and 7 are more connected; so this book is a cliffhanger.  It leads up to the climax and ends right before it gets there.<br/><br/>This book lacks the adventure and suspense her previous books contain, mainly because of the fact that it serves as a pathway to the main climax everyone has been waiting for since the release of the first book of the series.  It starts out slow and it isn't until the end when it starts leading up to the climax but you will not see a resolution by the end of the book because that is reserved for the seventh and final book.<br/><br/>I do recommend this book if you've read all the previous segments.  This most recent one is darker and is more mature but is still mainly suitable for all ages.  It is a pretty fast and easy read and it's hard to put down once you've started.  Let this book fly you away to a place of magic and join in on the adventures of a boy whose fate was determined at birth.  There are no limitations in the magical world of Harry Potter; anything goes.  You will not regret being in on the ride.
 This is probably the 3rd or 4th reading of this book, and I understand things better each time.  Love ALL the Harry Potter books
 Ok, let me take a moment to catch my breath before I indulge you readers into the world that is Harry Potter. I went into the latest of Rowlings wonderful world thinking like some "What was possibly gonna happen next?" Boy I'll tell you from opening to close I read this book with such intensity that by the time I finished it, I sat still in silence for minutes before saying the only word that came out of my mouth to describe this book: WHOA. Immediately from the opening we are thrust into the adventures of Harry and it just doesnt stop, from the intense and at time question filled introduction to the climactic conclusion you can't do anything but hope there is more around the turn of the page, and believe me, J.K Rowling does not disappoint. Our hero has certainly matured over the past 5 years at Hogwarts, he has dealt with villany, deceit, love and even witnessing murder, twice! If you think that his dealings are done, your wrong, they are only beginning. This year Harry faces incredible obstacles, from fighting friends, to fighting enemies to even losing another close person dear to his heart. I do caution that the ending is not for the faint of heart and a tissue may be needed on hand, for when you finish that last page, your going to feel like little Oliver from beloved Dickens' classic and say "Please Mrs. Rowling, may I have some more?"
 Well... I have to say that this book got me in trouble... My parents found out that I have bought the six book ( my parents banned me from reading Harry Potter) I love Harry Potter!!! My parents had to hide all the books from me... that was sad... I wanted to say that if you are in to fiction books... you have to read the whole series... i think its best not to watch the movies first because you'll say... who's that? and what's that?... well... of course there is only one option left!!! and that is to read the book... you can also find lots of interesting Harry Potter news on  ...]
 Enjoyed this one much more than the previous book. While I am far beyond the teenage angst, it was still enjoyable.
 Open this book to page 34 and you're in for a shock: the story begins on page 1.<br/><br/>Young Harry's latest foray into mischief and magic is captured here, in printed prose, for all to behold. This book is filled with words, sentances, and paragraphs, which (I suspect) is the author's way of communicating her ideas to the reader. In this book, you will find characters that come together to tell a story of magic, wonder, slendor, majesty, intrigue, confusion, anger, bitter cynicism, glory, joy, bountiful happiness, a safe haven of love and friendship, mystery, action, comedy, drama, frustration, love, romance, deception, betrayel, forgiveness, loyalty, bleak desparation, pragmatism, folly, idealism, materialism, protestant retribution, fascination, beauty, warmth, idealistic imagery, spirituality, adventurousness, boldness, timidity, shyness, tears, laughter, loss, heartache, renewal, youth, exuberance, mysticism, chocolate, complexity, ordeals, triumphs, tribulations, perplexities, kittens, affordability, ridicule, advice, majesty, and five golden rings.<br/><br/>Jerry - my friend from the "wrong side of the tracks" - believes in ghosts. I told him that it was silly. But he doesn't listen.<br/><br/>Read yourself silly!
 Better than the movie!  As is always the case with the harry potter series of books. Was a great read!
 Ms. Rowling has outdid herself! This series just keeps getting better and better. Harry is getting older, discovering girls and also more knowledge in the wizarding world. I am just shocked at the ending. I won't go into what happened in this book, because there are so many reviews, however, I hated waiting for my copy of this book, but it was well worth the wait.<br/><br/>I will be standing in line when the last one comes out. I can only imagine what will happen now!
 I resisted Harry Potter for years.  I'm an avid reader but thought the series would not be my cup of tea.  Then my 28 year old daughter insisted I at least try the first book (made me watch the movie too) and I was hooked.  Ms. Rowling did a great job with each book becoming more intricate then the last.
 Wow... what another fantastic story! I can't believe all the twists and turns that lie within this series. I am eager to read the last book and sad that it will come to an end.
 I really liked this book and cant wait for the next!<br/><br/>It is true, different from other in the series, but as good as any. Seems a little short, but i did enjoy it anyway.<br/><br/>I just could not believe my eyes when I read what one of my favorite characters did nearly the end, I can only hope that the character in question is not evil and that will redeem at the end. The way that the character prevents Harry from using unforgivable curses, makes me wonder.....<br/><br/>Wont spoil the plot, just read it and enjoy it!!!!!!
 Not my favorite Potter book, but very interesting.  No SPOILERS here.]
 LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT its so awesome. i was out of town when it came out. my cousin and i went at midnight, had a ball. we got the book and driving home we were reading the book with the mirror lights from the car, along with the headlight shadows. We didnt look a page ahead. at all. we didnt look to see how many pages their were. we didnt look at the chapter list. that gives it away. i was at his house for the night, and i was downstairs when my brother and he came down and grabbed my book so my bro could read my copy. i got it back. so anyways the next day all we did was eat and read. eat while reading that is. we didnt stop. it was so GOOD. not the food- the book. we finished it in 11 hours, and we wanted to read it again. the laughter, the tears, everthing!!!!!! a must read!!!!!! although if youre gonna read the seiries out of order DO NOT START WITH THIS ONE
 This is one great book. A bit too dark for kids with some elements of Stephen King creeping in. But it is a fantastic read and with great twists in the plot.<br/><br/>Much much much better than the Order of the Phoenix. Will make a great movie too.<br/><br/>The tone of the book was somewhat like Empire Strikes Back where all the bad things keep happening and now we wonder how Luke ( Harry), Leia ( Hermione) and Han Solo ( Ron) will emerge out of this alive. And how will they manage to defeat Darth Vader (Voldie) in the next one?<br/><br/>Great one. Read this one for sure. The only bad thing is that we need to wait for 2 more years for the final one to come out and Harry to finally vanquish Voldie.<br/><br/>Have fun<br/><br/>Mandar
 I would recommended this book highly.  There is a lot of symbolism in this book also.  I could hardly put it down.
 So, you have read the entire HP saga so far, maybe several times; you think the 6th book will be the formula, or back to the formula? Good news, you're wrong.<br/><br/>This one is the piece on the puzzle that make you foresee the picture, making eager as ever to know how it will be finished. Maybe you'll miss time with your favorite characters or the detail of the wizard's world, but thickening the plot this book contribute a lot to the saga.<br/><br/>By the other hand if you don't know the HP series you may have to wait to either read the books or see the movies, because you may possibly wonder what everybody is talking about.<br/><br/>To the youngest readers, the press stated that the HP series create a renewal interest in reading books, well; parts of it is being patience until the end and learn to leave your beloved characters. Enjoy it until last.
 I'm surprised at some  of the reviews that deem this book predictable and boring. The subject matter of this novel is markedly darker than the preceding five books but is true to the characters. Being that Harry and his friends are sixteen and seventeen years old, I think that Rowling did a wonderful job depicting their coming of age.<br/><br/>Furthermore, this book reveals much more about the childhood of Voldemort and how he came to be what he is as a true villain. This book like the others is very adventurous, but exceeds the previous books in that it deals with catastrophe of proportions that Harry Potter and his friends have not seen to this point.<br/><br/>As usual, this was a fast and entertaining read and I believe it to be a perfect lead-in to what is sure to be a spectacular grand finale.
 I was excited to get this book, and shelled out the money to buy it. I read a lot of it on the way home from Wal-Mart, and then the rest of it that very same night. That has been a long time ago now. Yes, it has been a while since it has came out. And yes, this review is a little late. So I will make it short.<br/><br/>There are many things I liked about H-BP; some of the content was just impossible not to like. But as I read, I noticed that the characters seemed very distant. There was a certain lack of introspection throughout the entire book, which kind of bugged me. It was all 'action' and 'talking' but no 'feeling'.<br/><br/>The kissing parts... were dragged out, and lagged the book down, to make it too sappy to ever come close to earning five stars from me. But I am not a huge fan of romance novels, so that is just my personal opinion.<br/><br/>Yes, the book introduced a new angle to Harry Potter... and it did have a lot of twists and turns that I am still looking forward to see how they play out in the next book.<br/><br/>But overall, The Half-blood Prince wasn't captivating, like the predecessors. Hopefully book seven will be better, and will shed new light on this one.
 Book six isn't bad but I'm getting tired of J.K's formula in the Harry Potter series.  The formula follows:  Harry thinks something is wrong, no one believes him.  Harry tells his friends his suspitions, no one believes him.  Harry has to go on a quest to get something since he turns out to be right.  Along the way someone dies or gets incapacitated.  Harry is vindicated but at a small cost of his soul.<br/><br/>It is funny.  Everybody went crazy when book five came out since someone was going to die.  But book 4 and six also kill off a major character and it is like no one cares. . .<br/><br/>Also book six is frustrating since it ends like a Dungeons and Dragons adventure.  Now to defeat the evil wizard Harry needs to collect 6 items of blah , blah, blah  . . .<br/><br/>I was hoping the series would conclude in books 7 but it looks like J.K. doesn't want her money train to run out. . .<br/><br/>It is a good read but the series is starting to read like a bad soap opera. . .
 I have read, and re-read this book several times, and I have to say that it still has to be one of the best books in the series; though, it still is not as good as Goblet of Fire. One of the things that I love about these books is that you  get to go on this journey with these characters, you are not let in on any outcome, or answers are not given to readers before they are given to Harry. I love the way that these books have thousands of people writing in online journals, and chat sights about what they think they is going to happen. This book in particular really brings home JK Rowlings strength as a writer as it is probably the best written book in the series. There is not a word wasted in this book. I do have to say this though, at the end, when a major character dies, I felt the pain just like some of the characters in the book did. I really liked Harry more in general too in this book, and have started admiring him even more; as in the last book, I did get a little irritated with him, but it was a natural progression of the character, which we had to see, and it makes his transition in this book even more powerful. All I can think of now, is how fast the next book going to come back, will Harry  do what he says at the end of this book? Is what was revealed about Snape true, or just another red herring? I for one can't wait, though it will be a bit bittersweet as this will be the last I read of Harry.
 I got the book at 12:01 on Saturday and I didn't put it down until 3:00. However that is because my mother forced me to sleep. I woke up at 7:00 and began reading and didn't put it down until lunch, and by that time I had finished and had put in a reasonable dent for my second reading. It was so well written it caused me to stop reading and reflect on the mundane detail I knew would come in handy. Goose-bumps constantly crept over my skin; the power and dark energy that is channeled in to this book drives the reader on and on. The dark corners that no human dare go are illuminated when Rowling passionately and fearlessly embraces the misfortune of poor Harry Potter.<br/><br/>On a lighter note: The book is so amazing! Rowling gives the reader enough to continue, for the sheer need of it; but in the end ensnares the senses and imagination hook line and sinker- revealing not only what she has wanted us to know for so long, but to share with Harry the trials and misfortunes that surround him.
 This entry in the Harry Potter series kept me interested from beginning to end, and unlike book number five (which had numerous mistakes and contained 300-400 unnecessary pages in my opinion), this book appears to have had a competent editor. I was really mad at the ending, but then pleased that the author could manage to make me mad at a book - something which has not happened in a long time. Besides, it's not my story to tell. I am happy that she did not succumb to pressure from fans and tack on a Scooby Doo ending like those of the first few books (I would've come back to rule the world, too, if not for you meddling kids). Way to go Jo! I'm waiting expectantly to see how it all ends.
 Rowlings' sixth book exceeds her book five<br/><br/>Though another main character doesn't survive<br/><br/>She ties the loose ends with a stroke of her pen<br/><br/>Answering the previous who's, why's and when,Romance is in bloom behind Hogwarts' thick doors. Spreading like fire or wild mushroom spores<br/><br/>`Twixt the O.W.L.S. and the N.E.W.T.S. there is love in the air<br/><br/>The girls are on fire, so wizards beware. The darkest so far in terms of the plot. You're guessing someone's a Death Eater, or not<br/><br/>When Voldemort's mark appears in the sky<br/><br/>Those who can see it know trouble is nigh, The Dark Lord has split up his black, evil soul. It takes seven foul parts now to make him a whole<br/><br/>So now the big battle at last has begun<br/><br/>Destroy them, all seven, and he will be done.<br/><br/>The titular Prince is involved in a killing<br/><br/>The ending is action-packed, thrilling and chilling<br/><br/>We're down on our knees and praying to heaven<br/><br/>That J.K. will sit down and write number seven.<br/><br/>Joshua Hagerman, December 15th, 2006
 J.K. Just writes so well that the reader can't see the twist that happens near the end. Just enough resolution that helped me as a kid wait for the next book but leaves you wanting more!
 It really does keep getting better - every new book becomes my new favorite. Favorite scene: Felix Felicis/Slughorn/Harry gets the memory. And of course the kiss. And the cave. And pretty much the whole book. The death scene was the most devastating thing I have ever read. You really become emotionally invested in the characters. For the first time ever, I started re-reading the book immediately after speed-reading it (at midnight when it was released). Read it!!
 If you've gotten this far in the series please read on. The later ones start to get a little darker as Harry Potter continues his journey. But seriously, how could you not finish it now.
 (I really give it 4 stars -- but all the interesting reviews are one or two stars, so...)<br/><br/>It's 12:53 p.m., and I've been reading since 9 this morning. (Went at midnight to buy the book; braved the long lines in the hot store with screaming girls counting down the seconds to midnight and chanting "Harry Potter  clap clap clap clap clap]" over and over and over. Around 1:00 a.m. they called the number for my wristband and I bought the book and went home. Read for about an hour then crashed, exhausted. So altogether I've been reading almost 5 hours now. Page 348. I have been sure for about 200 pages that I know who the Half-Blood Prince is, mostly because all you need to do is think who the most unlikely person would be. It's a ten-letter name, beginning with D and ending with e.<br/><br/>Have you who read the Harry Potter books stopped to speculate, as I have, upon the possible clues evinced by the etymologies of the Latinate names that Rowling assigns her characters? "Voldemort" is French (kind of) for "Flight of/from death". So whoever Voldemort is must have something about fleeing or literally flying from death happen to him, just as "Malfoy" is French for "Bad faith" and all the incantations are thinly disguised altered Latin verbs. Perhaps D********e attempted to kill Harry and succeeded in killing his parents, and then had to flee the scene. Or something like that.<br/><br/>This is how a grown 43-year-old man of reasonable intelligence wastes his time...<br/><br/>UPDATE: OK, page 441, and D********e is talking to Voldemort, so they aren't the same person. So is Voldemort Snapes?<br/><br/>And the Half-Blood Prince: I have thought for a couple of books now that it is Ron. Or Neville.<br/><br/>SECOND UPDATE: Page 604, 7:55 p.m. Argh. Just....argh.<br/><br/>THIRD AND FINAL UPDATE: 8:15 p.m. Finished. Read from 1:15 a.m. to 2:00 a.m., then from 9:15 a.m. to 12:53 p.m., then from 1:55 p.m. to 2:15 p.m., then from 6:30 p.m. to 8:15 p.m. for a total of 6 hours and 28 minutes.<br/><br/>Although every action taken by Snapes leaves open the possibility of at least two interpretations as to his loyalty to the Dark Lord, it seems pretty clear that he is not, as has been implied, a mole who ultimately serves the good side, but rather is firmly on the side of the Dark Lord. This is sad for me, because all through the first six books I derived some comfort from Snapes seeming to be evil but always turning out to be a force for good. Of course, we haven't heard the last of Snapes: clearly he will figure in the seventh book. Perhpas he will turn out to be good after all. I find myself hoping so.<br/><br/>The funeral was interesting: usually funerals involve some sort of religious activity, and that has been a bit of a bone of contention among certain overly-religious people who feel threatened by the Harry Potter books. No priest-like figure was portrayed in the funeral. Another interesting religion-related factor is the inclusion of a recurring character named Patil, whom Rowling has put in several (all?) of the first six books: is she Muslim? It's never said. And only in the first few books is Christmas mentioned. Someone could wring a thesis out of "Religion and Cultural Stereotypical Behavior in the Harry Potter Books". I should patent it, or whatever it is one does with ideas for theses...probably I'd have to actually write it.<br/><br/>Also: no pooftahs anywhere in these books, although with each new volume, sex and adolescence figure more and more in the plot. I wonder about that; Rowling is clearly concerned with the politics of the marginalized, and much of what happens in the books are thinly veiled commentaries on things like Guantanamo Bay and the War on Terror and post-9/11 heightened security and the concomitant loss of freedoms. Maybe she'll bite the gay bullet in the seventh book.<br/><br/>Can anyone believe that the seventh book will be the last? Even if Rowling sticks by her resolution not to write more than seven (she would be passing up on a lot of money if she did), others will no doubt attempt to write sequels exploring the adult life of Harry Potter. Boy, that seventh book has to do a lot of wrapping up...<br/><br/>Except for a few pages of too-hastily contrived dialog in which characters breathlessly narrate what has just happened in some battle scene in a very unrealistic and deus-ex-machina way, this book was quite good IMO. Much of what makes the whole series worthwhile is the moral and ethical decisions made by the characters. The series is sort of a boiled-down look at how different people grow up differently, and that is one of the most worthwhile things Rowling has contributed to the world. Some of the writing is quite empathetic about oddballs and misfits, while never losing sight of the feelings and complicated motivations of the gifted and privileged, which is what Harry and Hermione are. I eagerly await the next installment.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince gets an 8.5 on the Tomometer.
 This is another time reading this series and I still love it.  It makes me laugh  and cry and hope.  It is a great series.
 This is another well written novel. This was a pretty good book but I still think that Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is by far the best book. This book was way different than the other books. Harry finally was able to go with Dumbledore to one of his trips. That was exciting for me at least. I knew all along that Draco was up to no good. With all those clues in the book, it added up. But sadly, I had sympathy for Draco. It really wasn't his fault because Voldemort was threatening to kill his family. He had the choice at the end when he was with Dumbledore at the top of the tower. The part that I hated though was when Snape turned his back on Dumbledore and killed him. After all Dumbledore had did for him and he had so much trust in him. I hope something bad happens to Snape in the next book. I despised Snape since the first book. He was jealous of Harry because Snape never got the attention that Harry got. This book had so much drama with Ron and Hermione. Speaking of Hermione, I am so proud of her for finally breaking the rules. She isn't bad at all. Ron definitely got what he deserved with Lavender. In the end I give this book two thumbs up.
 Love this part of Harry's story - definitely darker than previous.  I like hearing more of Harry's back story and the reasons behind the adult relationships.  sets the stage for the finale.
 Having pre-ordered the 5th book, I know what a mistake it was not to do the same with the 6th (frankly ended up costing more). I knew straight away, that I was surely going to own the 6th, however, the somewhat disappointment in the 5th one, didn't leave me all that enthusiastic. The grimness, despair, loneliness and rows of tragedies in it, blackened the thought of a brilliant successor. Boy was I ever wrong...<br/><br/>The first thing that attracted me was the amount of pages (I feared Jo would keep up the tradition in their annual increase) - it's been a while since it has actually been comfortable to hold one of Harries eventful years in your hands. The very first chapter otherwise known as "The other Minister" had a slow start, yet got things going as it concluded and from there on, it was nothing but smooth sailing.<br/><br/>The pure humanity of the sequel is touching beyond measure. To feel such love, such hate, such pity or joy for fictional characters is unheard of. Having trouble to hold back a laugh or giggle during the "love" scenes (yes, there ARE love scenes) would sound otherwise strange if it wasn't for Jo's ingenious writing through which you can't help but sympathize with them, for through their years of adventures, you've become their friend. You can't help looking dead serious in your cozy corner while reading of the long-awaited explanations, life-or-death situations and of course, loss and both physical and mental pain of your heroes, who truly are without a doubt- heroes. You can't not feel your heart beating uncontrollably or your breath loosing its rhythm or stopping all together, in places of utmost panic or fear. You can't fight the excitement in your soul when you read the last few sentences, because at that time, your greatest desire is to get hold of the 7th book.<br/><br/>It is by far, the best one written. I felt like a traitor when I didn't share the same emotions for the previous book. After having read "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix" in no more than one and a half days, I was left resenting some of its conclusions and some of the writers decisions... But "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" has restored my faith completely. The weekend I spent under this books spell, was indeed an enchanting one at the very least. You feel at peas and neutral, knowing that in a few years time, the final battle would arrive.<br/><br/>In conclusion, I want to thank Jo for this kind gift, for the sheer wordplay, for the marvelous plot, for finally revealing so much in the clearest of ways, for at last giving Harry a break in his personal life, for writing what had to be written, what had to be done, in the bigger picture. In my opinion, "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" deserves a certain award starting with the letter "N". I urge each and single one of you, ages 5-100, read it, enjoy it, laugh with it, cry with it- believe me, it's magic of perfection that lies in the pages...
 This is the most moving and crucial book in the series. Do you know how it is to read with tears in your eyes? Or how it feels to mourn the loss of a ficitonal character? if you don't, then this book and it's predecessors are not for you. J.K is a wonderful author and knows how to tug at the heartstring, as well as tickle one's fancy and fill one with glee. i'm a 23 year old librarian and i am also a die-hard Harry fan waiting for it all to come full circle.<br/><br/>Please, J.K., make it a happy ending.......
 Harry Potter is one of my favorite series, as an adult, and my children are starting to read them and love them as well.  I feel like every book in the series gets better and better.
 I have read review after review of this book and how horrible it is, and all of the people who say this all say the same things.  It's ameture, the characters changed, there's too much romance, Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah!<br/><br/>First off,<br/><br/>Duh! the characters changed, SO WHAT? The grew just like everyone else does. Do you really expect them to act and speak and make the same decisions that they did in the first book? If thats what you are looking for go read the first one , be happy , and stop whining cause it's annoying! Plus who make you people the masters of all liturature? You call JKR's writing on this book ameture but I ask, can you write somthing better and if you can I would love to see your books on the best sellers list like ALL of hers have been!<br/><br/>And so what there was romance big deal, Let me say that when I was 16 and 17 all I cared about was (Snogging) with whom-ever I was dating at the time, I'm 19 now and I still care about (Snogging).  And what is with people critizing JK rowling for making Ginny popular and putting her and Harry together? Escuse me but when I was 14, I was a geek and I was ugly, but over the summer I grew up more and go more beautiful and when I went back to school everybody was all amazed much like what happened to Ginny. again JKR was just writing things that really happen in life.<br/><br/>Now to praise this wonderful installment into the Harry Potter book series.<br/><br/>WOW!!!!! Is all I can say about this book.  the way the JKR masterfully weaves charaterazation and plot together make this book somthing that I could not put down.<br/><br/>Harry is now offically a teenager with his first real girlfriend, Cho Chang doesn't count as she and him never said that they were going out, and as mentioned before it just happenes to be Ginny Weasely!<br/><br/>Ron and Hermione Finally, Finally, Finally GET TOGETHER!!<br/><br/>Snape is more evil than he has ever been and it is wonderful and heartbreaking especially at the end of the book when he kills one of the best loved characters.<br/><br/>Dumbledore is as valent as ever as he searches for the broken pieces of Voldemorts soul called "Horecursex"<br/><br/>And all of the other old and new characters are better than ever.<br/><br/>I look at the series thus far like this, Books 1,2 and 3 are the begining, middle and end of one wall and Book 4 is the corner, books 5 and 6 are the start and middle of a second wall and book 7 will be the end.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and The Half-Blood Prince is an amazing book and  quite possibly the best book in this series, it is certanly in the top three along with "Order Of The Pheonix" and "Prisoner Of Azakban".  It is certanly worth the price and I wish I could buy and read it again as if I had never read it the first time.<br/><br/>Sorry about the lenth of my review but I had A LOT to say.
 Finally, we're back on the right track. After the rather unsatisfying "Order...", Rowling scores with a thoroughly honest and heavily sentimental book, one of the best in the series, by my standards. Yes, it's dark, yes, it's extremely saddening (it took me half a day to actually recover and move on, which, again by my standards, is quite something) and yes, it's got the right spirit to it.<br/><br/>The book's excellency remains, at least for me, undoubted at any moment of its over six hundred pages. From the brilliant first chapter, with the meeting of the Prime Ministers, to the lovely (somewhat ironical) love triangles (which have a great feel of authenticity - Rowling's been well documented for this) up to the painful ending, the ride is a great thrill, with laughter, shrieks and (probably) tears. The characters gain depth, especially Ginny, and the story evolves in a captivating manner, with all the pieces being neatly arranged for a final showdown (in the last book, that is).<br/><br/>One of the "Blood Prince's" greatest traits is its huge visual richness and potential, despite few overlong descriptions of scenery. The info you get can be easily envisioned in a flowing set of frames, as the book gains a certain cinematic feeling, one that is more obvious and (often) more poignant than in Rowling's previous HP work. What makes it differ so from the "Order..." is its coherence. There's a certain feel that all the events are meaningful, some of which actually giving more sense to certain happenings from the previous book.<br/><br/>And while the death in Nr.5 truly infuriated me, I can see now where Rowling was going with it, although I still do not agree to how it happened. Sometimes there is a certain borderline which may not be crossed, especially in the case of fantasy books which are in their essence somewhere near the outer limits of our imagination.<br/><br/>The last hundred pages of "The Half Blood Prince" are simply shattering and truly disconforting, as you witness how something has gone terribly wrong in the wizarding world. I was actually there and I could feel it, that's the painful bit of it. It's even more amazing given that the outcome was somewhat predictable from the first chapters on, but as hope never fades, you trust the characters in all their decisions and, often encumbered by a certain sense of doubt, you pray that they are right.<br/><br/>HP 6 is a great piece of writing, all in all, which has merely one considerable "flaw": it's, unlike the other Potters, not really a story on its own. For non-lovers of Harry's world it simply isn't recommended to jump in here, whereas fans can rejoice: we're going to leave our humble world for one more excursion into the magical universe of (once) little Potter, one last trip which promises to be a killer. From quite a few perspectives.
 Left my husband snoring alone for two nights in a row while I raced through this book. While I agree with some reviews on how flat the story seemed (uneventful Quidditch games thrown in just because they have to be there, too much "romance", no really new news or stories, etc.), I refuse to believe that that is all there is to this book. This book is more about wrapping up loose ends and preparing readers for the Big Thing ahead (Book 7). For some reason, I didn't break down crying over the death in this book like I did in Book 5. I'd like to think it's because this particular death occurred for a good reason and that Dumbledore's questionable faith in Snape is not to be questioned. Yet.
 Alright, so. Where to begin? I excitedly sat down on my living room couch and sunk my teeth into the first 100 pages or so of this book, and continued reading. At 200 pages, I was waiting for something exciting or mysterious to happen. At 300 and 400 pages into the series, I was still waiting for a breath-taking twist of action to accure, such as Dudley being attacked by a Dementor in the Order of the Phoenix, or Harry's name coming out of the Goblet of Fire in book four.<br/><br/>However, my patience was in vain. I'm not calling this book 'boring', per say, but it was... it lacked serious action and suspense. That's not based on opinion, that's based on fact. Did you find all those pensieve scenes with Dumbledore action-packed and fierce? No, OF COURSE you didn't! That's because they WEREN'T action-packed or suspenseful. You might have found them interesting or mysterious, maybe even wicked or awesome, but you DID NOT find those scenes action-packed, because they weren't.<br/><br/>I'm sorry, but after the Order of the Phoenix, I thought Rowling had finally mastered the ways of an all-around, action-packed, suspenseful book. Books one through four were all suspenseful here and there, but the Order of the Phoenix really topped the cake, because every chapter was interesting. Every chapter had something going on in it that made the reader want to read more and more.<br/><br/>However, with the Half-Blood Prince... All there is is basically chatting and thinking. Oh, and we can't forget snogging! Besides the fact that this book was slow-paced, I also didn't like the amount of romance in this book. In every chapter there is some form of teenage love going on, and after a while it got pretty old. Did Ron have to be snogging Lavender in every chapter? Did Ginny really need to have had 6 or 7 boyfriends in one book?<br/><br/>500 pages of snogging later, nothing has yet to happen, and I began wondering if the Half-Blood Prince had any meaning to it at all. Sure, the pensieve scenes were SOMETHING, but as of yet they made no sense to me what-so-ever.<br/><br/>On a side note, I also do not like the amount of bashing of Hufflepuff House that goes on in this book. Zacharias Smith is the runner-up of House representitive, and is a complete, blubbering idiot. Cedric Diggory is what Hufflepuff really is, but why Rowling, why turn Hufflepuff House suddenly into the leftover House? Does Harry really need an enemy that isn't from Slytherin House? 'Ooo, I know! I'll take one House and turn it into the leftover House so Harry can have another enemy and so I can make my books even MORE longer! YAY!' Just imagine if you don't consider yourself a Hufflepuff... Imagine having your House turned into the leftover House. You'd be pretty ticked off too, wouldn't you?<br/><br/>However, the reason I am giving this book three stars instead of two or one is because of the last 100 pages. While the first 550 pages didn't have any action or suspense in them at all, the last 100 pages are amazing. For starters, they secure an amazing last book in the Harry Potter series. They assured me that the last book would not be a disappointment. For another, the last chapter in this book is SO well written. It made Harry and Ginny and all the others forget about their teenage romance problems and realize that there are bigger, badder problems out in the world. The last 100 pages were soooo suspenseful, I must admit. Horcruxes are probably one of the most INGENIOUS things I have ever heard of. What are Horcruxes, you ask? Read the book and find out!<br/><br/>No, this book was overall not my cup of tea. Luna Lovegood has many memorable moments in this book which are sure never to be forgotten ("Zacharias Smith has loser's lurgy"). Basically, you won't enjoy this book very much if you're a fan of action-packed, hardcore novels. You WILL enjoy it, however, if you're interested in finding out more about about Tom Riddle a.k.a. Lord Voldemort. Definitely not a book you'll want to skip in the series.<br/><br/>I await the seventh book with eagerness, Rowling!!
 While I wish that Rowling would have shortened the books and made them two-parters, I loved this one. All emotions are involved and there was incredible imagination. This is the best book so far in the series.
 The series just keeps getting better and better. As Harry matures so does the writing. I can't wait for the continuation.
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Persian-Rug/dp/0979849489">The Persian Rug</a>WELL, IF NOTHING IS EVER AS GOOD AS IT IS YOUR IMAGINATION THEN THIS BOOK CERTAINLY DOES NOT DISAPPOINT SINCE THIS BOOK DOES LEAVE ME WONDERING. THESE BOOKS AND MOVIES HAVE MEANT SO MUCH TO MY FAMILY AND WE LOVE IT SO MUCH FOR THE FAMILY TOGETHERNESS WE EXPERIENCED FROM READING THESE BOOKS TO OUR KIDS AND THEN OUR KIDS READING THEM TO US. GOING TO THE MOVIES AND WATCHING THEM AT HOME AND PLAYING THE GAMES WERE AN EVENT. WE STILL DO IT. I HAVE 3 DAUGHTERS WHO GREW UP WITH A MARTIAL ARTS SCHOOL IN THEIR HOME AND TALK OF MAGIC AND HEALING. IT WAS NOTHING FOR MY DAUGHTERS TO SEE ME MIXING HERBS FOR SICK PEOPLE REGULARLY. I SAY THIS BECAUSE THIS UNUSUAL REVIEW CONTAINS SOMETHING REALLY UNUSUAL AND HERE IT IS.IT HAS BEEN SAID THAT WHERE GUYS ARE CONCERNED THEY OFTEN HAVE TROUBLE TALKING TO THEIR DADS. SOMETIMES THESE FATHER AND SONS HAVE NO RELATIONSHIP AT ALL. THESE SAME UNLIKELY PAIRS CAN ALWAYS TALK ABOUT SPORTS. THEY HAVE THAT IN COMMON AT LEAST.WHEN IT CAME TO HARRY POTTER THE AUTHOR HAS GIVEN US A WEALTH OF STORIES AND HOW THEY RELATE TO OUR OWN LIVES TO TALK ABOUT. AT LEAST WE HAVE THAT IN COMMON. THANK YOU.
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince was an amazing read that contained many twists and turns and lots of unexpected events. The ending was amazing as someone unexpectedly does something that changes Hogwarts and the Wizarding world forever. I recommend this book if you are currently reading the series of if you enjoy fantasy novels with lots of intensive scenes.
 What a book! This is the darkest story JK Rowling has written yet. The main characters are becoming young adults with all the problems that come with it. Of course there are other sub-plots going on(very interesting).  Some VERY surprising twists and turns. She's brought back a few characters from previous books and also added a few new ones. Some very major things left to tie up in the next book.  Had much trouble putting the book down. Altogether an excellent read!
 Although I thoroughly enjoyed OOTP, it was missing something.l In fact, all of the Harry Potter books have been missing 'things' - crucial plot points, answers, and motives. Well, Half Blood Prince seems to answer your questions with more questions.<br/><br/>The book is thoroughly depressing and dark. Things have changed in the world of Harry Potter. War brings strange disappearances throughout the entire wizard world - throughout the entire world. The story delves deep into the mysteries surrounding Voldemort.<br/><br/>And it then it's over...<br/><br/>And everything is different. Harry Potter's world has turned upside down.<br/><br/>The book is Rowling's masterpiece. Her prose is enchanting, and her story grabs the reader by the wrist and forces them into a magical world. For the first 300 pages the reader is left in the darkness, and then it just all comes together. You can finally see where it's all going.<br/><br/>And that's where it ends.
 I finished the book about ten minutes ago and I must say my immune system might never be the same. In the past five hours, I have experienced an array of emotions that have I didn't know a simple book could every produce. The sixth Harry Potter was amazing. There is a major portayl, a major death, and events that left me outwardly gasping at the text.<br/><br/>People complain that too much of the book revolves around love stories between the teens, but I find it to add a certain realism to the book. I'm the same age as Harry in this book (sixteen, going into my "sixth year," a.k.a. eleventh grade) and if you talk to any teenager my age, relationships and love gossip dominate our discussion. I believe Rowling's addition of such courtship serves to make Harry into a real, compassionate human being. It would be like telling the story  of Hogwarts without having Harry being the center. Everyone can relate to him, or Ron or Hermione, and that is why the books are such a sucess. In fact, I found the "who-is-dating-who" question to be one of the things I most enjoyed about this book. As a sixteen-year-old who is tired of seeing her age be portrayed by twenty-five-year-olds in Hollywood, I applaud this realistic portayl of what it is truly like to be a teenager today.
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is an excellent book written by J.K Rowling.  Filled with plenty of suspense and action this book really draws you into the plot right from the very beginning.  This book may seem long but it is well worth it to anyone who has a few days to sit down and read.  There are no huge vocabulary problems, but younger kids may have some difficulty.<br/><br/> As anyone who has read the other 5 books knows Voldermort is active again among the wizarding world; and this book just helps to build that boiling suspense. Full of betrayal, trickery and unexpected outcomes Harry Potter is faced with some of the hardest decisions yet in his life as a wizard; he has to stop relying on others, and to look inside himself to find out what the next step in his continuing war with Voldermort is
 I love this series. A great one for anyone. Dumbledore is a great man. J.K. Is an excellent writer. Even though there are some questionable parts. The series is still amazing. I’m rereading it for the 3rd time and plan to reread it until the end of my days.
 The Harry Potter series is quite simply a phenomenon! As a lifelong reader, it has been a pleasure to be allowed to dive into Ms. Rowling's fantastically clever depiction of a world that is so completely realized, a "Bizarro" parallel of our own. As a teacher, I have marvelled at the way these books have made readers out of young people who has absolutely refused to open a book. Maybe that is why for the past three publications I have insisted on hanging out in a crowded bookstore till midnight to buy my copy. So, in a sense, these books are review-proof, but after closing HALF BLOOD PRINCE, I feel so let down that I have to get some things off my chest. As this book is the latest in a series, I can't help comparing this latest adventure to the others and to find it lacking in nearly every pleasure that the other books have, in varying degrees, given me. Here are some of the highlights:<br/><br/>1) The mystery: I think J.K. Rowling is as much a mystery writer as she is a fantasy writer. As much as the books propel us forward toward the final confrontation between good (Harry and Hogwarts) and evil (Voldemort and, to a certain extent, the bureaucracy of the Ministry of Magic), each book stands alone as a series of mystifying events that lead to a (hopefully) extraordinary solution. For many of us fans, the finest example of this is PRISONER OF AZKABAN because the major villain's identity has been woven subtly into the saga since the first book. Rowling's talent for dropping little facts that are actually major clues has never been more acute. (MIssing finger indeed!) GOBLET OF FIRE does this very well, too, although I think the size of the book weighs against the mystery a bit. In HALF BLOOD PRINCE, there really isn't a mystery, just a muddle. The most interesting puzzle to me is the nature of Snape, and for the first time Rowling leaves us in the dark. I understand why she might want to tease us about this until the climax of the story, but then I would expect her to create other mysteries with satisfying solutions. Here the questions posed - Why did Voldemort get this way? What is Draco doing? What is a horcrux? Who is the Half Blood Prince? - have answers that are either incredibly mundane or, in the case of the last question and for reasons I can't go into without spoiling things, incredibly unsatisfying.<br/><br/>2) The characters: The world of Harry Potter is huge, but Rowling has always made room for the introduction of several new characters who liven up the proceedings in an integral way. At the same time, she takes time to deepen our knowledge of some of our favorite people and/or creatures from past novels. I can always count on Rowling to give us at least ONE fine creation per book. Book One, of course, introduced everyone. Book Two gave us Lucius Malfoy and Gilderoy Lockheart, whose voice was so clear to me that when I finally heard Jim Dale reading the book, I swore I could RECOGNIZE Lockheart!  Book Three gave us Remus Lupin and Sirius Black, who were great characters in and of themselves and also deepened our understanding of Harry's parents, the history of Hogwarts and the sufferings of Snape, who in many ways is to me Rowling's most interesting creation. GOBLET OF FIRE was loaded with way too many characters and plots, but many of them were gems: Madame Maxime, Barty Crouch and his son, Mad Eye Moody, and the ever evolving Voldemort with this Death Eaters. ORDER OF THE PHOENIX, which is a problematical book for me in some ways, at least gave us Dolores Umbridge, one of the most fiendish villains in the series for the very reason that her evil is so banal and recognizable from watching our own bureaucrats and politicians at work. There is not a single new character in HBP who moves me as those I mention have. Slughorn, the most prominent new character, seems to be a composite of others we have met. The people we meet in the Voldemort flashbacks pass by too quickly to matter much. What's worse, when Rowling throws in cameos from past characters as is her wont, few of them have any significant emotional effect on me.<br/><br/>3) The funny subplots: well, this is always the weakest part of Rowling's books to me, particularly in the longer novels. Hermione and S.P.E.W., the Harry/Cho romance, none of them add much to my reading pleasure.  But the romantic exploits in HBP were especially tiring. Even the parts about Quidditch, where Rowling has always been able to come up with something new, were uninspired, as I feel more could have been made of Harry's captainship. The most fun usually comes from the new lessons and how they relate to the story. Here again, there was little to be thrilled about. The whole Half Blood Prince bit in potions took us exactly .... where? (I guess we'll have to wait until Book 7 to see how this example of literary irony plays out.) And the apparition lessons - the wizarding world's equivalent of Driver's Training - seemed tacked on as filler and not filled with Rowling's usually clever parallels to the real world.<br/><br/>4) Finally, Harry himself: he was a whiny wreck in Book V, and it took me a couple of rereadings to realize why that was necessary. Here he's calmer and relatively happier than before, but after five years at Hogwarts you'd think he would have learned a few things. If Hermione Grainger warns you about something, it's time to listen. If Albus Dumbledore suggests you see another point of view, at least take it into consideration. Harry seems to be digging his heels into one small interpretation of events throughout this book merely for the purposes of plot. Why does he never pause to consider other, smarter people's ideas? Worst of all to me, Harry, who has never been a great student or intellect, (not a criticism - more of us can identify with him that way, but then why are all his OWLS so high???) - basically spends this book cheating in class. It's, like, the major plot point of the novel. I can understand Hermione's fury! And the so-called resolution to this matter constitutes the most dissatisfying climax in the Harry Potter canon for me.<br/><br/>Well, it's just got to get better, doesn't it? The big blast is coming, and all will finally be revealed. Even as I write this, I can't help wondering if I should just get a life. These are, after all, only books. I guess, though, that it is a tribute to J.K. Rowling that she has made us care so much for Harry and his world that when, in my opinion, she stumbles as she does here, it matters so much to me. We only get seven years at Hogwarts, and we want every one of them to thrill us equally.
 I've read criticism regarding this book concerning what Rowling chooses to focus on (i.e. hormonal teenagers rather than the raging war). In such complaints there is a fundamental disregard for what this series has always been about. The Harry Potter series has always been about...well, Harry Potter. The story is about boy who sets out to learn wizardry while being haunted by his past, the cumbersome weight of being a legend since he was one, and simply trying to get through school while being daunted by normal issues of youth as well as extraordinary circumstances such as people trying to kill him. This is not Lord of the Rings, so there is no need to criticize it for what its not trying to be. The events may be epic to some degree, but the narrative focus is not and never has been. The focus has never left Harry and his friends outside of the first chapter of the first book. The joy of this series is that Rowling has a gift for balancing Harry and his friends dealing with issues that everyone their age deal with while facing the forces of evil in a complex magical world.<br/><br/>These books are, and always have been, books intended for a young audience, the mere fact that adults read them is merely a testament to how enjoyable they are. I mention that because it would be incredibly out of character and a betrayal to this series if Rowling suddenly switched focus, left Harry and his friends and started writing exclusively about the wizard war and the dementors, and so forth. The point of all the focus on Harry and his friends going through school is that it grounds a young reader in the familiar, in the relatable and then carries him/her to a magical world that is completely unfamiliar and fantastical. The entire point of the series would be lost if Rowling forgot this and didn't focus on the issues of Harry and his friends growing up, having crushes, struggling through classes, etc.<br/><br/>Yes there is a wizard war going on, but don't go into this book expecting it to be something that it shouldn't. Life goes on durring war, and Harry and his friends have to deal with day to day life while the horrors of the war invade their world through headlines and an ever increasing sense of forboding and uncertainty. This isn't a novel about that details the Order of the Phoenix battling the Death Eaters, and it shouldn't be. That would completely abandon the charm these books have always had. The book is about Harry and his friends coping with the escalating war while dealing with adolescence and the need to grow up in a world that is becoming increasingly dangerous. Harry specifically has to deal with typical issues of youth while having to prepare himself for the awesome weight of his destiny and the inevitable role he will play against Voldemort.<br/><br/>What I love about this novel, and this is certainly one of my favorites in the series, is that there is that growing looming danger that threatens to invade Harry's safe little world, and yet there is still the fun and enjoyable antics of every day life. I absolutely enjoyed the budding relationships, the spats, the instability of puberty, and so forth. Because that stuff has always been as important to this series as the other stuff, Voldemort, the death eaters, the complex magical world and its political turmoil. Frankly the teenage romance stories are very entertaining and an enjoyable realization that of course ordinary life goes on during times of war. This novel should be about Harry steadying himself and preparing for the fight ahead as well as dealing with the fact that he may be the famous 'boy who lived' but he's still just a regular boy.<br/><br/>I really love the journey into Voldemort's past as Harry and Dumbledore explore the troubled young Tom Riddle who becomes the dreaded Dark Lord. All of this is crucial to the next stage, Harry and his friends facing the incredible task of charging into the war that had been kept safely at bay until the tragic conclusion of this novel. Rowling gives a great sense of history, of truly understanding the conflict that is raging around them and of what Harry will face. More than anything the novel is brilliantly about Harry being stripped of his safe world, of those who have always protected him, and being forced to face what he's been able to narrowly escape from. The beauty of the novel is that it does not become a Lord of the Rings style epic, but rather stayles focused completely on a crucial step in Harry's development both as a boy and as the wizard who will take on the most powerful dark wizard anyone has ever known. This book is dark, and yet it remains playful, it is about a war, and yet it is about coming of age, in short it is a continuation and a stellar advancement of what this series has always been about and what it has always strived to be. This is the stage in Harry's development where he can no longer be shielded by home, where he must find the strength to become a man because no one is going to fight his fights any more. A crucial stage in anyone's development, outside of the fact that most people don't have to battle dark wizards. If the growing pains of adolesence backdropped by the looming threat of a dark war and the loss of the comfortable and safe world, of being forced to face the 'real world' is not what you want to read about, then why have you read this far anyway? This book isn't the gathering dark forces of Sauron and the orc army storming the castle and so forth. And I am so glad it's not, because that is not what the Harry Potter series is about. It has always been about the complex existential journey of one individual (with some side focus on his two best friends). The threats and turmoils that have befallen Harry and his friends has continually increased, all leading up to the final chapter in which he and his friends will become completely submerged into the conflict, now stripped of their safe, protective home. This book is absolutely everything it should be.
 This book in the series offers an excellent look into the history of many individuals.  It makes the final scene easier to understand.  Although I understand the need for Harry to mature and the use of the final scene to move that way, I would still h ave enjoyed more time with the departed.
 Good
 I couldn't put this one down! It was exciting, heart-wrenching, and nail-biting! So far, best of the series! Can't wait to read the next one.
 I loved reading this book and being filled up with more of J.K. Rowlings books.  I enjoyed the new way she presented more information of Voldermort and how she tied to connect the 1st and 5th book into the 6th book.  I was very very very sad at the character who supposedly has died at the end of the 6th book.  I was very saddened.  I await the chartacer of R.A.B. and how Harry continues to find those Horcrux's are.  You got to read this and continue with the series to the final end of book 7.  Its worth the price and definetly knowing what happens to Harry Potter.
 I once again was sucked into Harry's world. I am so excited about reading the next book once I am done it is on to the movies!
 Harry Potter's sixth year at Hogwarts is his most challenging yet, as he and his fellow sixth-year students, having gotten the results of their O.W.L.s (Ordinary Wizarding Levels), are taking their N.E.W.T.'s (Nastily Exhausting Wizarding Tests), which is the advanced studies that sixth year students must take.<br/><br/>Dumbledore and Harry recruit a retired professor, Horace Slughorn, to teach again.  However, it is not the dreaded Dark Arts post, but Potions(!), which means that a certain teacher finally gets that notorious post, much to Harry's dismay.  Yet Harry becomes a favourite of Slughorn when he exceeds expectations in coming out tops in Potions, much to Hermione's jealousy.  All this is due to Harry's used Potions textbook with some scribbled notations that produce quicker results than the usual instructions.  A note in the book reads, "This book is the property of the Half Blood Prince."  Hence the title.<br/><br/>Despite having fewer scenes in the fifth book, Dumbledore does play a key part here.  This time, he is Harry's instructor in private lessons, a seminar/independent study type class that meets irregularly.  As seen on the book cover, both master and student are examining the Pensieve, which made its debut in the fourth book.  Dumbledore is filling Harry in on Voldemort's background and early years, when he was Tom Riddle and later the notorious dark wizard, all in order to find some sort of weakness and pattern of the Dark Wizard.  One particularly hard task is to reveal a memory Slughorn had altered, at a time when Riddle was his student.<br/><br/>Whereas Draco Malfoy, Harry's nemesis, was an overly nasty and annoying bully, here, he is somewhat subdued, although surly.  No confrontations per the fourth book, where he gave Hermione buckteeth.  He is up to something mysterious, so at Hogwarts, Harry spends a certain amount of time keeping tabs on Draco, who mysteriously doesn't show up on the Marauder's Map.<br/><br/>On the lighter side, the pains and joys of having girlfriends are experienced by certain members of Gryffindor.  And Harry, as the Quidditch team captain, is given yet another leadership role for which he is respected, much like the Dark Arts club he founded in the last book.<br/><br/>There is a stifled ambience in this book.  Precautions have been taken, and security is heavy.  I can't help feel that 11 September, with its oppressive aura contributed to that.  The Weasley's clocks, one for each family member, whose hands point to their destination, are all pointed to "mortal peril," and not "work," "sleeping," or "in transit."  And students going to Hogsmeade, the fun village, are triple checked with a Secrecy Sensor by Argus Filch, hence it takes longer to arrive there.  Hmm, sound familiar?  But that doesn't stop Fred and George Weasley from parodizing the Dark Lord at their joke shop-"Why are you worrying about You-Know-Who?  You should be worried about U-No-Poo, the constipation sensation that's gripping the nation!"<br/><br/>The concept of Felix felicus, the Luck Potion Slughorn offers as a prize, is nothing new.  The Red Dwarf TV series episode "Quarantine" introduced Felix populi, which when injected into a person, gives that person unbelievably good luck.  However, more interesting is the Apparating course, where the instructor gives the students the "three D's,":  "Destination, Determination, Deliberation."  This is something that applies in real life in getting from point A in one's life to point B, and if any one of the three are missing, we can't get to point B.<br/><br/>This book is the darkest and grimmest of the lot.  As in the 5th book, there is a death of one of the main characters, and this deeply affects all the students and instructors at Hogwarts.  It is that devastating.  And more than one character has a suffering setback.  Given that, it wouldn't surprise me in the least if Rowling pulled a "The Final Problem"-like scenario a la Conan Doyle, only this time, we all know there won't be an equivalent of "The Empty House," or worse yet, the denouement of the British sci-fi series Blake's Seven, where all the good guys get killed.<br/><br/>Still, Rowling delivers an engaging story that brings things much closer to conclusion, and what will probably be the most action-packed, i.e. the book yet to come.
 I was too busy reading through these one after another to properly review each one individually, but I loved them!<br/><br/>I will write a more proper review whenever I end up rereading them. Till then..... :-)
 I enjoyed The Half Blood Prince but was disappointed with some points. As always JK has done a good job of portraying her characters as a year older. Their personal lives and romances are very like a typical 16 year old. However, I personally thought there was too much fluff. The last book ended with a big `call to arms' but this book begins with the same old getting ready for school as the others. And most of the book seemed to continue with more of the personal lives and not enough of the battle against He Who Must Not Be Named for my taste.<br/><br/>But I did like finding out about Tom Riddle's background. And maybe I'm dense but I did not figure out who the Half Blood Prince was until rather late.<br/><br/>I have some doubts about the `big surprise scene' but we can discuss that out of the hearing of those who have not yet read it.<br/><br/>I do think the book is a success for one important reason though. As soon as I finished it I wanted to read number 7.
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood prince continues the story of magic, that was started when Harry Potter entered Hogwarts what seems so many years ago.  Now in his sixth year at Hogwarts Harry will continue in his epic struggle against Voldermort with the assistance of Dumbledore, the mysterios Half-Blood Prince, and of course his old pals from the D.A.<br/><br/>  I can say that the journey is darker this time and is prbly not the most appropiate thing for small children.  Yet, despite the death, war, and mayhem Rowling still mantains her wonderful ability to weave a story that awakens the inner child.<br/><br/>Favorite thing about this novel:<br/><br/>At long last Harry Potter is leaving Harry the boy and has finally become Harry the Man.<br/><br/>Worse thing about this novel:  A lot of friendly old faces (Hagrid and Neville for example) are all but gone with only a few cameos.  Though Luna Lovegood does have one very pleasing appereance during a Quidditch match.
 This is a good installment, because the reader gets the chance to see Voldermort's past, and the connection that he and Harry share is explained further.  And the book ends on such a cliffhanger that you'll be geared up for bk 7.
 I read this book aloud to my 12-year-old son--which is the best way to read any Harry Potter book. I guess that calls for a confession: I love this series even though many of my fellow Christians condemn me for it. J. K. Rowling knows how to write a book. Her plots are complex; her characters are engaging; her setting is irresistible; her language is fun.<br/><br/>The only thing I can't stand about this book is that I have to wait two thousand years for the next one...
 this book is great, jk rowling is an awesome writer. i can't believe what snape did, i figured he was a dark arts kinda guy, but i was just soo shocked when he did that, i seriously cried... i loved the romance though, verrry nicely done! this book was soo hard to put down, like all the other hp books... i love all the different twists and surprises, i wish i could write this well, it's awesome! i hope the continuing books are as great!
 How do you pick a favorite. I have favorite things about them all but in the end it's hard to say. I loved this book, the twists, and the tone. I love these books.
 Another great endeavor by J.K. Rowling!  Bravo!  This book goes into a great more depth to humanize Ron, Hermione, and Harry by giving them lives of a normal "Muggle" child.  We start to see crushes, romantic entanglements, and yet some really 'adult' views beginning to surface from Harry on sacrifice of self and the art of being noble.  Something Lily and James Potter would have been so proud of in a son.<br/><br/>Some detractors are upset, either by harping on "this is just another series book" lumping it into a catagory it clearly does NOT belong to...same goes for those who down this book because, " the hype was just too much".  Those clearly could not get past the norms of our society caught up in commercialism of products.  Down the conventions not the author, I say.<br/><br/>This book is truly a great work, as I suspect will be the Seventh book in this series.  J.K. Rowlings has given a wonderful gift to the literary world of young adults in a world too often today has lost a sense of magic.  Once again, J.K., Bravo!!
 While I enjoyed Harry Potter and the Half-blood Prince  and I am an enormous fan of the other books I cant say that this was her best work. It didn't carry the same intenisty, anticipation, and overall enjoyment of the others. The story was a little strange. Now that Voldemort is in the open he is attacking people openly and killing people without a second glance. People such as Karkaroff and Olivander were killed off without a second word, they just ceased to exist for no particular reason. New characters such as Slughorn appear and leave the story with no importance or significance. The interesting things that kept me reading in the 5th and 4th books (normal things as with stress in class and so forth) basically dissapeared in this book. Pages and pages were spent showing Harry gazing into the pensive not a trace of excitement or wonder filled in them. The enitre Hogwarts atmosphere changed with all the flirting love bull crap that was not ever hinted at in the other books and many of the interesting characters that I really liked never appeared in the book. Dumbledore, to my dissapointment, became less patient or tolerant in this book. Hardly anything was mentioned about the imprisoned Death Eaters (Malfoy, Crabbe, ect.) Voldemort, for the first time, never tried to take Harry's life. The Half-Blood Prince played a smaller than expected role in the story and at least a dozen new characters entered and left the story without consequence (McClaggen, Zabini, Slughorn, ect.) Overall, this was not the best book in her collection. It was alright, but it didn't hold the same intensity or suspense of the other books.
 I know I'm behind the times since I've just finished reading Book 6 and it was great!  Loved all the Harry/Dumbledore interaction, further focus on Ginny, Ron/Hermoine, and without gtting into spoiler territory for those 3 people who still haven't read this book...lots of great twists and turns!!<br/><br/>I started reading Book 7 last night.  Sad this series will be over :(
 At least in this book SOME good things happen - like him taking the luck potion and learning new spells etc. etc. and we get to see more of the main villain's past - there's a darker psychological aspect too.  JK was a lot more creative here - which reminded me a lot of book 3 (my favorite).  The best part of book 6 is the cave scenario with all of the zombies in the black lake - I mean c'mon - the book has zombies, curses that split the enemies body in half, and jewelry, and Harry gets two professors really drunk (black out drunk!) - so clever is our little grasshopper!<br/><br/>In book 5 we see Harry being immature and he doesn't like to listen to anyone.  He kind of annoying with his hormonal teen angst issues.  In book 6 we see that Harry is the mature one and no one listens to him (except for his friend Ron), including Dumbledore who ends up getting killed because of it. . . and I didn't cry - yeah, it's sad that an old wise moral wizard died and Harry is alone now, but if anything he really let Harry down and he should've just killed Snape when he had a chance and then bring out the big guns with the main villian - none of this peace treaty nonsene!<br/><br/>Proving to us all that the better wizard really is . . .  Gandalf.
 I just finished reading Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, and I really enjoyed it! My sisters and I love the Harry Potter books, and were really excited to read this one.<br/><br/>I do think it's a bit darker than the others (well, I guess book 4 and 5 were a bit darker too), and I do think it's meant for older readers, but it was really good!<br/><br/>At times, it seemed to drag on a bit with all of the explanations, but they sure made the previous stories make more sense! It was necessary to include all of these explanations for book 7, I'll bet.<br/><br/>I don't know if it was my favorite in the series so far, but it was definitely very good! But very sad, too!<br/><br/>It's definitely worth reading, though, especially if you're a Harry Potter fan!
 I have to be honest here, and say that I was not a huge fan of JK Rowling's fifth Harry Potter book. In addition to killing off my favorite character, she made Harry act as a moody teenager (and, while the logical side of my brain knows why she did this, another, more selfish part of me doesn't want the reality of growing up in fiction.)<br/><br/>Upon hearing that Half-Blood Prince would be darker and more morbid, I was fully prepared to dislike, if not the book, its end result.<br/><br/>Much to my surprise, Harry Potter 6 quickly became my favorite novel of the series, rivaled only by Prisoner of Azkaban. Somehow JK Rowling managed to slip in Harry's change from child to adult, and HPB finds Harry as not a mere Hogwarts student, but something closer to a member of the Order of the Phoenix, with thoughts, theories and opinions that are worth Dumbledore's time.<br/><br/>It is only in this book that the major plot of the series begans to show itself more clearly. And now, with a few well-placed cliffhangers, surprises, and wonderful legacies, JK Rowling leaves the reader to eagerly anticipate the final book of her magnificant series.
 Yes indeed, another great Harry Potter book from Rowling. As Harry Potter ages, Rowling's talent really shines! This is a wonderful tale for young people to old. This book is still dark, as was the 5th one, and flirts with the lines of PG-13. But we are dealing with a 16 year old boy and his friends trying to cope and overcome much more than the average muggle boy has to deal with. Prophecies, alliances, and friendship will be put to the test in this remarkable 6th book. As Stephen King says, "This is one series not just for the decades, but for the ages."
 Awesome book in an awesome series!!!
 #SPOILERS#<br/><br/>Dumbledore dies.  Yeah sorry. I really hated that part. I seriously cried at that part. But anyways it was a great book, don't let that part stop you from enjoying this book.
 This is a very sad ending! It feels so bad to have another death in the important characters. Harry is a man now.  And he has  a quest to start. Enjoy !
 What I really like about this installment of Harry Potter and the previous book, was that you can see and feel that these characters are growing up. The Wizarding world is at war. People are dying, everyone is scared. In the face of all this, our beloved characters are sixteen and have hormones aplenty. Love lost, love found...this is most definetely a sixteen year old's world. What I did not like about this book was the ending. While the death of major character puts a major twist into the story that sets up the final book quite nicely, the "battle" leading up to this seems forced and rushed. Never one to skimp on storytelling before, Rowling seems to just push this one through. These are wonderful books, and Rowling is brilliant, but this one seems to be lacking a little. I think that the preceeding books were all five star. Honestly, I would've only given this one 3 and half if it was possible. Of course I would still recommend these books to everyone and, did I mention that Rowling is brilliant? Can't wait for the ending.
 Another amazing installment in the Harry Potter world. I have read it more times than I can count.
 Love that both my kids turned me on to this series.  The series is building to the ultimate crescendo with Harry and Voldemort's final battle to come in The Deathly Hallows!! So sad to see Dumbledore's demise at the hands of the evil double agent Severus Snape!!
 ---SPOILER FREE REVIEW-----<br/><br/>Book 6  serves its purpose of continuing the storyline and building up the suspense and stage for book 7. But I wasn't quite happy with the contents. I have read a lot of reviews where people have complained about Rowling losing her touch, bad writing, poor character development, etc etc.<br/><br/>My personal opinion is that Rowling has failed to create a book that stands on its own. Of course people might say that a lot of loose ends have been tied up, but still unlike Books 1 -5, HBP just doesn't measure up. I have no complaints with her writing style. I have laughed and cried throughout the book. Its just that apart from the few major events that make up the book, the rest is just padding. There is nothing much happening in the book, and when things get moving, its over in one chapter.<br/><br/>One reason I like her books is this: Each one of them has a major sub-plot which by the end of the book is nicely tied up , but at the same time, some questions are left unanswered which keeps you wanting more. This book excels in the latter but fails poorly in the subplots. I also have mixed feelings about the validity of the death of the major character. One part of me feels it makes sense since now, Harry will really be on his own to face Voldemort and fulfil his destiny. But at the same time, the manner in which the character dies,left me surprised. my brain couldn't fathom how such a smart and accomplished figure could die making such a major judgement of error. Somehow to me, it undermines the character's intelligence, which Rowling has so brilliantly developed.<br/><br/>But to a Potter fan this book is DEFINITELY worth a read. And I will go on to say that I did enjoy the book.<br/><br/>To all those people entering the Potter world for the first time, this is not the book to pick......start with any of the previous ones...<br/><br/>The wait for Book 7 is going to be long and difficult, and I hope it makes up for Book 6, and give this series a fitting end.
 I'll begin by saying that I actually waited until a few days after the U.S. release to buy this book.  Looking back on this, I wish I had waited longer... but the unsatisfactory quality of the movies has left me craving nothing but pure textual Rowling brilliance.<br/><br/>Of course this has become my new favorite book in the series - and that's partially due to the fact that this book ends with a cliffhanger more intense than anything I could have possibly imagined.<br/><br/>J.K. Rowling isn't just writing books, she's creating incredible stories with astonishing skill and cohesiveness.  When reading these books, I would just as soon suspect that they were written by one of the greats, such as C.S. Lewis or Tolkien.  As with the previous books, I was drawn in as soon as I began to read The Half-Blood Prince; the rich text immediately evolving into an elaborate vision in my mind.  And the next thing I knew - I had finished.<br/><br/>There isn't a whole lot to say about this book - once again, Rowling has done a fantastic job of taking an imaginary realm of limitless possibilities and creating an amazing story for the imagination to savor.  This book is breathtaking magic.<br/><br/>If you haven't already read it... take a hint.
 Book 6 is another wonderfully told story from J.K. Rowling.  She truly has a gift for creating an entire world in our imaginations.  As I read each page, however, I became more and more concerned about all the young children who stood on line with me when I purchased the book.  I had thought it was clear from books 4 and 5 that the series was becoming increasingly darker and more mature in its content.  I think we had to know that Cedric's death in book 4 was just the beginning, and Sirius' death in book 5 was ceratainly not the end.  Book 6 not only has more death, but is almost entirely about teenage relationships.  Parents who think that these are "children's books" are much mistaken and may face some unexpected questions from their youngsters.  As with any movie, book, CD, etc., any parent must preview the material before allowing a child to have it.  You'll see right on the Amazon description that the reading level is ages 9-12.  That may be the level from a literacy standpoint, but the content is FAR more mature than that.<br/><br/>I loved this book, and like millions of other people I am already speculating about book 7, but my suggestion is that no child under 14 read it.
 The Harry Potter books tend to get better with every entry, and this book is no exception. The emphasis in this volume is more on the mystery aspects; at some points, it borders on thrilling. This, however, does not mean that Rowling doesn't exhibit her unique insight into the minds of young wizarding students. There's some excellent romantic intrigue much like there has been since the fourth book, with friendships rising and falling depending on who dates who. Some plot points are tied up in this book, new ones are introduced and the stage is set for the final book. I don't want to give anything away, but let me say that this book is well worth your time and money, especially for fantasy fans but for readers in general.
 As much as I am an avid fan of the Harry Potter series, I must say that this novel was an unwelcome letdown. Where the previous five books had me on the edge of my seat turning pages faster and faster (finishing every book in a single day) this book left me feeling like I was trudging through some sort of thick mud to read it and I found myself hard pressed to bring myself to finish it in two days (with long naps in between)so i wouldn't have to read it any longer. I also found this volume to be lacking the wonderfuly unpredictable plot twists and eloquent use of language so characteristic of the first five books that made me love the series and the author so much. All in all, I felt this book was rushed (if you can rush such a book with a year's worth of time). I also found Harry's new love interest utterly preposterous, and felt like his feelins toward her came out of nowhere; not to mention the passages describing them souned like they were written by a novice. I have read fanfictions of unpublished authors who describe feelings of secret love in a much similar way and pull it off much more smoothly. In this book they seemed so out of place. To be fair though, the book was decent, as much as it was monotonous, no real page turning action happens until the last couple of chapters (which were very much worth reading...much more like the other books). Aside from those last chapters, the rest of the story is filled with nothing but romantic drama between random characters that annoyingly pervaded the entire book. Another theme that became rather repititous and boring after a couple of pages were the special lessons between a certain headmaster and main character pupil. In the end, I find that this book was a sore letdown in the potter series and not all worth having waited in the line with my "reserved book ticket" to get it at 12:01 AM at books a million. Certainly, I would still suggest reading the book...it is still good as far as books go, and I have certainly read *plenty* of books far worse. Just don't expect it to be as good as the first 5. I hope against hope that the next book will prove itself to be much improved, or at least par with the first five. *sigh* Not to mention I didn't like Harry Potter's actions at the end...most out of character (I think) and simply unsatisfying. -----But like I said, read the book. It's still worth it...even if I just ripped it to shreds in my utter despair over the story...:)
 The darkest book in the series so far, Half Blood Prince really releases the juices about every aspect of Harry's life with the edge of a silver dagger. Truly an emotional roller coaster for those who have just jumped on, and those who have ridden from the begining, Harry's sixth years begins in a melancholy mood, and ends with an even worse one. Not to say this volume isn't filled with the hairpin turns and narrow escapes that characterize Rowling's books, but the turns are much sharper, and the narrow escapes do not happen to Harry alone, many other character's lives are pointing to 'mortal peril' on the Weasley's clock. The Half-Blood Prince shadows Voldemort himself very closely, but the fact remains that it is not Voldemort, a character who becomes almost human to the readers in this book, we dare to share his young experiences and dangers. Harry always had enough on his golden battling Voldemort, and with the Half-Blood Prince being Voldemort's shadow, it is imperative that Harry and his friends become closer than ever and stand strong against a world teeming with foes. Indeed, Half Blood Prince is now my favorite Harry Potter book, and we pray that Rowling comes out with book seven before we waste away.
 third reading of this wonderful fantasy series...
 I'm late in reading the Harry Potter series. I started reading them so I would know the characters my grandson was so excited about. These books are so beautifully written, it is always a joy to start one and a sadness to end. if it were possible to give more than five stars I would do so. I am sad that I have just one more book in the series to read. I will miss these characters and will no doubt read these books again.
 This time JKR is virtually writing a horror story. I personally found the revelations about Voldemort's past fascinating and believable, and that her moral universe remains sound in spite of some writer's artifice being obvious in terms of plot. There are new characters to enjoy. I found the new potions master to exemplify what makes JKR such a great writer; he has some major flaws but you can't help liking him. I feel this way about Snape too, (and I still trust him.)<br/><br/>I think JKR finds the right touch with the horror stuff. It's not cliche'd to me. Remember what Dumbledore says about Voldemort's attitudes to death and darkness; a great antidote the horrific scenes at the end of the novel. It's now just a little bit too scary for little kids, but just right for teens and pre teens, and good fun for adults too.
 I have never been really sure as to why this book gets filed under "Children", since it really seems to be geared towards everyone...especially this latest outing. I think that to a certain degree characters gained even more depth this time around. JK manages to do something that I think very few writers can do well, which is age her characters appropriatly, the characters act their age, not the starry-eyed idea of their age nor to they become stagnant.  With each book in the series the writing seems to grow in intellect and complexity. While I wasn't horribly surprised by the identity of the half-blood prince, the prince's actions left me both confirming my suspicions yet yearning for them to be wrong at the same time.<br/><br/>The end of this book left my stomach in knots and my heart in my throat, and only one or two other books have ever managed to do this. I'm left only with thoughts of, what happens now? Where is this all going to go? And can it all be done in just one more book?<br/><br/>I'm not going to spoil anything for those of you silly enough to not have read this book yet, but I will just say that when you finish that last page, you will most likely find yourself yearning for more, I know I did. I also was left feeling much the same way I would imagine the characters feel, entirely unsure, confused, and scared of what may come, but knowing that it will come regardless...<br/><br/>I want JK to take her time writing this next (last?) installment, because I want it to be great, and to give us a conclusion to every question, I want to know where everyone goes, I want to see what kind of grown-ups all these people turn into. Never have a series of books captured my imagination and heart the way this series has. So bravo to JK for that. And whilst I want her to take her time, I also wish I had that book in front of me know...cause dang all this anticipation makes me anxious.<br/><br/>So yeah...all in all...read the book, read all of these books, they aren't "just" for kids, no matter where they may shelve them in the store. They have more guts, more heart, more detail, more thought, than 99% of the so-called "Adult Fiction" out there.
 JK Rowling's Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is by far the best book in her 7 book series.  It has a well balanced proportion of nearly every type of literature: drama, romance, action, suspense, mystery, etc.  It was very easy to read and at no point was I bored with it.  The new characters introduced are well developed and interesting to read.  The old characters brought back are equally well done, and if possible, reach new understanding of them.<br/><br/>I would recommend HBP to anyone who is interested in Harry Potter, after reading the first 5 excellent books of course.  If you read Order of the Phoenix and thought you might not read the sixth then I suggest you think again. HBP is a completely different book and makes up for any short falls of OotP.  The 7th book will of course not come out for a long time now, and HBP provides lots of room for speculation in the in-between years.<br/><br/>A great work in a fantastic series!
 I started to read the book exactly 8 hours ago and I was unable to put it down.  There is no need to worry that future books will not live up to their predecessors... this book was amazing!  I laughed out loud to read of the misadventures of the Weasley brothers' joke shop and found myself completely unsurprised, yet delighted with the romantic twists played out by these typical but oh-so-magical teenagers.  Harry faces such a daunting future bravely while still being able to maintain his innocence and act his age.  I can honestly say I have never cried while reading a book... until now. Please prepare  yourself for the book of a lifetime; I don't know how I will be able to endure the wait until the next book is released.  I am even more concerned as to what will happen when the author, in her infinite wisdom, writes the final book in the saga.  Harry Potter and his friends have become real people in this book, thanks to the brilliant imagination of one woman!  Personally, I wholeheartedly feel that the world is a better place with the works of J.K. Rowling!  She has given people everywhere, adults and children alike, a worthy hero with a brave heart.  Again, thank you!
 Well, I tried.  Perhaps you have to come on these books fresh-faced and dewy. In other words, innocent of all that has come before.  And so much has come before.  I fully confess the last time I thought my face looked "fresh" was about thirty years ago.  And perhaps you have to love words more than many do now.  The names of characters, of places, of whole peoples, made me retch.  Only slightly, but there was certainly a small gag reflex.  Muggles and Quidditch and Dumblebarf, and whatever.  Hogwart itself makes me blench.  Hogwart?  For poetry's sake: why?  (Because it makes the little ones giggle?)  No, I shall retire from the field.  Harry shall never hold any kind of sway in my heart.  Tolkien, on the other paw, will ever stand tall.  And as for Gormenghast, oh my - now there's a world to enthrall the most untidy soul.  And run that name around your tongue.  This alone will tell you where you're going before you ever open the book. I imagine if I had not read all the Wizard of Oz books by the age of nine, I should think them badly written.  But I shall never think them badly imagined.  Plus - they are America's only home-grown fairy tales, and for that must be allowed shelf room in any self respecting bibliophiles homes.  But Harry?  What Harry shows me is our hunger for magic...at any age.  And this is a powerful thing to show people, so hurrah for J.K.Rowling, and for getting folks to read.  Me, I already read, and there's so much out there to still devour before I die.  So goodbye Harry.  To me, you're not worth what's left of my precious reading time.  But I _did_ try.<br/><br/>And now I shall wait to collect all my "this review did not help me" clicks.  I humbly accept my fate.
 What some people giving these reviews fail to realize is that this book was not some addition given to the series just to ensure Harry's sixth year at Hogwarts, but this book is where everything... well, almost everything, comes together.  And Ms. Rowling does so with more heart and passion than any other of her five previous books.  You realize as you read this book, that it was not written over the course of a certain between the end of 2004 and 2005 but began on a day perhaps as far back as 1996 as the author was preparing for this epic.  The questions that have been there since the beginning, as well as those that we brought up in just the last book are answered here.  Why is Harry Potter weapon of love more powerful than voldemort's Avada Kedavra? What was Tom Riddle's diary in reality? Just a book?  Why did not Voldemort die after failing to kill Harry?  What side is Snape and Malfoy really on?  How did Voldemort become who he became?  All these questions are answered in this book and it leaves you with many more that are left unanswered for good reason.  I absolutely have no idea what will happen in the next book because it is so well done in this one.  Though a certain rumor might have spoiled as to what R.A.B really stands for...<br/><br/>Also, there are two types of dark stories.  One of the types of dark stories is the one displayed in book five, the discovery of a prophecy and risked lives and death of a supporting yet main character.  This does not work out usually though in this it worked out partially well.  The second type is the one displayed  in the 6th book.  It is executed with absolute precision and mastery in this book.  A cliffhanger situation that leads into another calamity in which a weakened main character dies in attempt to save another life, making that person realize that his destiny has been set and nothing will change and he must charge forward.  While at the same time he looks back in disbelief at what he must forget.  It is beautiful, bleeding poetry that gushes from these pages.  He must forget those he loves, must protect ginny weasly from being used as bait once more (though it is a shame, she would've made a nice addition to the cast in the next book.) He must forget the school which he had come to know as his home.  Must forget the dursleys who although unkind had given him protection and a roof over his head.  He must forget the death of perhaps his most beloved person in the world.  He must forget everything that ever made him laugh... anything that ever made him feel good.  (Without his friends at his side he would be nothing if they did not go with him.) He must forget almost everything that he had in the past 6 years except for his curses, countercurses, and destiny.  Imagine, having to forget so much.  Harry must forget everything, J.K Rowling must forget what Harry had to make this work.  J.K ROWLING MUST FORGET HER SIX PREVIOUS BOOKS THAT SHE HAS PAINSTAKINGLY WRITTEN FOR 8 YEARS!!!......................................................<br/><br/>And imagine us, all we have to do, is take the book back out from its shelf and read it again.
 Harry Potter and his friends return for their 6th year studies at Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardery. Harry, Ron, and Herimoine are tested as they endure their most difficult year of Hogwarts. In addition to learning new spells, practicing quidditch, and experiencing teenage life, Harry must take time out of his day to look into Dumbledore's peinseve to learn about his arch enemy, Voldermort. Friendships are put on the line, and trust is tested. At the end of the year, Hogwarts is put in an extremely difficult situation, leaving readers eager to read the 7th installment. J.K. Rowling's The Half-Blooded Prince continues to deliver the all of the magic that readers first fell in love with.<br/><br/> Anyone who loves the Harry Potter Series will not be disappointed with this book. In fact, this is my favorite year out of the 6 so far. Once you begin reading, it is simply impossible to put the book down. J.K. Rowling leaves you on eager for the 7th and final installment of the extremely popular series.
 OK - Dumbledore's death was shocking but unless J.K. has lost her touch I think there's more to his death than meets the eye.  How about that old watch Harry is now carrying around?  Could it be that Dumbledore figured out how to make a "good" horcrux for himself?  Was Snape instructed to go ahead and kill him if needed?  I'm just guessing (hoping) for some complexity like that in book 7 because otherwise Harry is out there on his own with precious few skills in the face of the enemy.  Oh well, we'll find out in a couple of years.
 As the story unfolds, one may believe this book to be the weakest of the six stories Rowling has told; however, the Half-Blood Prince readily reveals itself as the most poignant and relatable for its audience.<br/><br/>Unlike the previous installments HPatHBP does not:<br/><br/>1)  Spend an especially large amount of time recapping previous events that occured in other novels in the series.<br/><br/>2)  Present itself as a stand-alone story in any fashion whatsoever.<br/><br/>What it DOES do is:<br/><br/>1)  Reveal the exciting story behind Voldemort.<br/><br/>2)  Mature the characters believably.<br/><br/>3)  Kills people right and left (and center), (though some are characters we know, most deaths won't stab your heart too much.)<br/><br/>4)  Metaphors and parallels to real-life situations that are written meticulously.<br/><br/>As many other reviewers have assesed- this book acts much like a prelude to the grand finale of Book Seven.  I personally concur-  I just think it's a pretty damn spectacular prelude.<br/><br/>I give all Harry Potter books five stars, but I wish I could give this installment six.
 i just couldn't wait to read the new harry potter book, which, as far as i can tell, was the case with many others. as for me the harry potter books are the best in the world it's quite clear, me having them voted with 5 stars. but i don't think this is the best one of the series. the series have completely grown, which is i think something good; but this also carries the darkening of the books which you can so see here. there's so much pain and suffering, yet friendship and love, and for me, it's the saddest harry potter book published up to now. it's a complicated mix of bitterness, magic, love, feelings, cold and suffer and even if i liked sirius better then the person dying in this book it's such a loss and like every feeling of safety gone. thinking about it, you kinda know parts of the books end, having read carefully through the books, after chapter 2. while reading, you know it somewhere in your head, you just don't want to let it slip in your very mind, concentrating hard, on thinking of better. i could say so much more of the book but i don't wanna take excitement before starting reading. anyway, you should buy this book, it's a great experience to read, but you might have to cry in silence.
 I am a huge Harry Potter fan.  I started reading the books when I was in middle school, and now, a high school graduate, I still look forward to returning to Hogwarts, returning to the magical world to continue following Harry and his friends on their quest to understand the wizarding world and conquer the evils that lie within it.<br/><br/>  I have read many of the reviews on this website, and agree with portions of all of them.  It is true that this book contained less "action" than the others.  There was no Sorcerer's Stone or basilisk to search for, no escaped criminals, no tournaments, no walks down long, dark corridors.  But there was suspense that has built up to the seventh installment of the book.<br/><br/>  Lots of lose ends have finally been tied up.  Through Dumbledore's pensieve, we have learned much about the past of You-Know-Who.  We now understand how a man named Tom Marvolo Riddle could survive in a diary.  We understand how Lord Voldemort has returned to life.  We learned about Voldemort's past, his fury, and his rise to power.<br/><br/>  As far as the death in the book is concerned, I was utterly shocked.  I didn't expect it at all.  After talking to someone about it, who told me this character had to die for Harry and Lord Voldemort to have their final battle, I started to believe it.  And it's true.  For those who remember, this character stepped between Harry and Lord Voldemort in the Order of the Phoenix.  However, now that the character has died, Harry and Voldemort can have their final battle.  It was a very sad ending to his life, but he will always be around, guiding Harry and his quest to find the remaning Horcruxes.<br/><br/>  The love that Ginny has for Harry became apparent a while ago in the second book when Ginny first met Harry.  Although it seems to come out of nowhere, I feel Rowling's carefully plot to bring it out gradually has served its purpose.  As for Ron and Hermione, it was bound to come out.  Ron's fling with Lavender was a bit of comic relief every now and then, which I found hilarious.<br/><br/>  All in all, this was a wonderful book.  Thought there were a few disappointments, I feel that J.K. Rowling has stood up to her name, has outdone herself and continues to keep readers on the edge of their seat.  I cannot wait for the final book to come out.  So many questions that have arisen from this book, I hope, will be answered in the final edition.  Why did Dumbledore trust Snape so much?  What will happen to Hogwarts?  Where will Harry, Ron and Hermione go, and will anyoen else from the DA go with them?<br/><br/>  I cannot wait for the final book to be released, and I even hope that J.K. Rowling decides to keep writing about Harry and his adventures after he becomes of age.  Congratulations, Ms. Rowling on another book well-written!!
 I got the book at 8:00 AM on saturday morning and didn't put it down till it was finished.  I am a huge fan of the Harry Potter series.<br/><br/>One of the things I like about it is that Ms. Rowling is not afraid to do something that will upset her readers.  She doesn't give us fluffy ways to get out of dire situations.  Good people sometimes have bad things happen to them.<br/><br/>I have seen a number of negative reviews on this book.  And I can understand that.  Not because it doesn't do exactly what it has to, but because it does.<br/><br/>I don't want to spoil it for anyone, but some of what happens is horrible.  That happens in war.  Those we hope and pray are safe aren't always.  Those we hope get shown for what they really are continue to do things and get away with it.  Life is like that.  It's not something we are happy with.<br/><br/>This book lets us glimpse a possible way that Harry can defeat Lord Voldemort and the forces of good can walk (limp away) victorious.  Because in a war, sometimes even if your side wins.. there are too many losses as well.<br/><br/>Excellent book.  My favorite is still Prisoner of Azkaban but this is a very close second.
 If I were to summarise HBP up in one word, it would definitely be "dark". The entire book is angst, coupled with a few spots of romance and humour, both of which I thoroughly enjoyed. Before receiving my copy, I had heard from many people who'd already read it beforehand that it was supposedly the best book of the series so far and I will have to agree with them.<br/><br/>JKR's writing style has definitely matured a lot since her first three books. Unlike OotP, which many people complained dragged on for too long, she manages to tightly knit together most of the plot points, making for a shorter but still compelling read. I particularly liked Dumbledore's comments at the closings of some chapters, with his line to Harry at the end of the chapter "The Cave" being my favourite. Though there are still parts where her writing is redundant - the battle scene at the end, for example, is too much like the battle in the Department of Mysteries in OotP - I definitely have to give her props for making use of better word choice and more thought-provoking language.<br/><br/>However, along with the maturing of JKR's writing, the plot has also progresed a considerable amount. At this point, I no longer consider the series one for kids. The first three books were very light-hearted, but as Harry grows up, the situation around him has become darker and more painful to read. Many of the events that occurred in HBP (including the betrayal, the death, Harry force-feeding Dumbledore, and Katie Bell's situation) coupled with some of the new ideas (ie. Horcruxes, Inferi, and the Sectumsempra curse) were incredibly cruel. Although JKR has continued to make use of her ability to draw a reader in, I was left feeling cold and depressed after this ending. There was nothing even remotely similar to a happy ending. Thus, I had to take off a star.<br/><br/>However, aside from the last impression and a few other spots (including a plot error - Harry noticed that the half-blood prince's book was from 50 years ago, but Snape hadn't gone to school then), the good definitely outweighs the bad in JKR's new installment. Being an avid fanfiction writer and reader, I couldn't help but relate this to some of the fanfics I've written and read. Blaise and Narcissa, two of the minor characters I've always been fascinated with, were finally introduced as characters with larger roles and interestingly enough, their characteristics and appearances were very similar to the ones I had imagined up for them. There were also ships to satisfy every shipper out there in HBP. For the most part, they were pretty realistic (although I don't really like how JKR approached Harry's feelings towards Ginny) and it was amusing to watch the teenagers struggle through the trials of their first romances.<br/><br/>All in all, the sixth book is definitely my favourite of the series with Order of the Phoenix and Goblet of Fire coming in second and third. The ending has, thankfully, left a lot of room for fans to speculate on what will happen next, and I will be joining them in forming theories and suggestions. I really would recommend this to anyone over the age of 13 who had been reluctant to read the Potter series beforehand.
 These books are so good. I can't put them down! This one answers some questions while raising many more. Ready for the final book!
 In HARRY POTTER AND THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE, Harry continues as the passive protagonist.<br/><br/>Everything happens TO Harry Potter; he never initiates anything.  For example, Harry excels in Potions class because a special book has fallen into his hands, but not through any effort of his own.<br/><br/>Harry ably assists Dumbledore in getting the Horcrux, but only because he does exactly what Dumbledore has told him to do.  It was nothing Harry thought of; nothing Harry initiated.<br/><br/>Harry's made Quidditch team captain but why?  He doesn't or can't manage them, doesn't even select the star player.  He's not even present for the team's triumphant win.<br/><br/>Harry likes Ginny but never takes an action to get her.  He gets Ginny, but not through his effort.<br/><br/>Dumbledore paralyzes Harry during the climax so that all he can do is watch, which is basically what Harry's been doing for the last six books.<br/><br/>Harry IS, however, capable of occasional bursts of anger.  And with the great popularity and readability of these books I fear Rowling could turn Britain and America into nations abundant with passive aggressive boys.<br/><br/>And what about the girls?  Almost every female (Hermione, Mrs. Weasley, Ginny, Professor McGonagall, Fleur) nags, whether at Harry or Ron or Mr. Weasley.  Is that why Rowling has named Harry Harry?  And will Britain and America (and every other English-speaking nation) become nations of harridans, or are they already?
 I'm not going to make a summary of all the other HP books, or make a long summary of the sixth book. All I can say is that Harry Potter and the Half-Blood-Prince is an excellent book, and the perfect follow up for the past 5 books.<br/><br/>The plot and the characters, are more complex and mature. Not only is there the Harry vs. Voldemort issue, which is a hard situation to relate to, but there is romance, friendship and more real situations that we CAN relate to, and be inspired by.<br/><br/>This book broadens our knowledge of the story, giving us a glimpse of Voldemort's past. It has a lot of mystery, it leaves us with many questions, yet it solves many of our doubts.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this book, you won't regret reading it!
 Again, Jim Dale brings J.K. Rowling's adventure to life, just as he has done in the past 5 audiobooks.  His characters' voices add texture and depth to a well written and engaging book--I'm unable to call it a "children's book" as I am a mother of 2 grade schoolers and love it as much as they do!  Mr. Dale's performance in this installment feels as if I am revisiting old friends.  He fleshes out these characters and brings them to life!<br/><br/>I have an emerging reader who loves to listen to the audiobook and "follow along".  My older child reads the book herself first and then enjoys the performance aspect of the audiobook.<br/><br/>Bravo, Jim Dale!  Our family is waiting for your performance of Harry Potter Book # 7!
 I am 24, a literature major with a double in linguistics and foreign language. I've read a book or two ...<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is a MUST READ. But I strongly recommend reading from The Sorcerers Stone if you choose to start the series at this point.<br/><br/>Good: J.K. continues to boldly develop her characters to new levels without becoming stale in her interpretation of human nature after 5 books. Everyone involved is learning and growing just like normal people do in abnormal situations. People complain that Harry remains angry and upset for far too long in Book 5 and 6, but do we really remember what is was like to be teenagers in high school? The plot is solid, the situations more than feasible, and the conclusion was not necessarily a shock, rather a selfless sacrifice that no one wanted to admit to themselves in waiting for this book to be released. We all entertained the notion of this happening, now Harry must deal with the worst possible reality in order to overcome evil.<br/><br/>Improvement: I honestly thought this book could have been longer. I thought some of the battle scenes could have been more detailed, but were well written in order to preserve Harry's perspective in the novel. I saw near descriptive perfection in the fight scene of book 5, inside the ministry of magic. But I didn't think that this book had the same electricity when the war turned to Hogwarts. I thought that this book created more questions than answers, which could be a very good thing if Rowling takes the time to carefully compose the requiem of the series. I withhold the rest of my thoughts until the last book is released and we see how the puzzle comes together.<br/><br/>I applaud Rowling for restoring my faith in English Literature, but I plead with her to not screw it up by rushing the finale. If book seven answers all the leftover questions, this series will most definitely obtain immortality.<br/><br/>Buy it and read it and love it as so many do !!!
 Best book. Can still feel the magic 10 years later since I first read the series. Would recommend.
 Loved reading it.  Like all other books in the Harry Potter series, this one is an enjoyable read and a complement to having watched the movies first.
 I guess whichever Harry Potter book I'm reading at the moment is my favorite.  :-)  It's been a pleasure to follow along with Harry, Ron and Hermione as they mature into young adults.  Sooooooooo ... maybe they're getting a bit more moody with each book, but what teenager doesn't.  After finishing Book 6, I got a tad verklempt because there's only one book left ... we think.
 The wizarding world is filled with unrest. Dumbledore has a mysterious injury that he won't tell Harry about. There are new teachers at school. Students are acting bizarrely. And that's only in the first few chapters. The long awaited sixth book, Harry Potter and the Half-Blooded Prince, by J.K. Rowling, is the best so far out of all the books. This book is equally intense as the previous books but it has a heavier and deeper meaning. In this book we watch as Harry's life gets torn apart right in front of his eyes but there is nothing that he can do about it. The book also focuses a good deal on  Voldemort's life so we can gain some insight as to why he acts the way he does. As you read further and further into the book you realize the magnitude of what Harry must accomplish in the next book. It is so much more than just killing Voldemort. But Harry is prepared to take this challenge even if he dies trying.<br/><br/>The sixth book is a little smaller than the previous books but it still packs a punch right to the gut. While it is a fantastic story filled with drama you can't help but feel that the main reason for this book was to set up for the seventh book in which we will finally get to read the long awaited match between Harry and Voldemort. There is a great deal of emphasis on the future and what Harry must do in order to kill Voldemort. I wanted the story to focus more on what was going to happen at the end of the book rather than what would happen in the next book. But don't get me wrong, it is still a great story. Like the other books, this book is even darker than the past books mainly because we learn about Voldemort's childhood. I felt that one of strongest parts of the story was who got killed off in the end. Believe me, if you cried reading the previous book, you will cry again reading this book.
 I've said about  every book in this series and I'll emphasis it even more so here. These books are incredibly amazing! So much more to the story!
 This book is one of the best of the series. The last 6 chapters fly by with intensity. I struggle between this book and the Prisoner of Azkaban as my favorite of the series.
 I started reading it at 8 am the day it came out and finished at 11:30 pm that day.  I couldn't put it down!!!  I loved every bit of it!  Some of my favorite scenes are Dumbledore visiting the Dursleys, Harry using the good-luck potion, Dobby and Kreacher fighting...I'd say more but I don't want this review to take too long and I don't want to give away too much.  It's got drama, humor, etc.  It's everything I've come to expect from J. K. Rowling and more.  I can't wait for the next one to come out!!!
 As was many others, I was very excited to read the newest installment of J.K. Rowling's immensley popular series. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is quite intriguing, and gives us a lot of answers, but I just couldn't help feeling a little disappointed. This time around, Jo produced an exceptional book, but one that lacked part of the atmosphere of the others. It is definitely the darkest book in the series, and many dark things do happen. This year, for Harry, seems very different from his previous years and the book is lacking some of the other book's humor, which is to be expected considering the darker tone of this book. Due to this, I would not recommend these books for very little kids, because it is an emotional book. Some of the events and feelings that take place in the book seem a little bit awkward and out of place. Still, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is a book I'm sure other Potter fans like me will enjoy.
 Come on...Harry Potter!  Severus Snape!  What's not to love?  Each book gets progressively better.  If you haven't read any of the Harry Potter books, and you're a grown-up, I recommend watching the first two movies and starting with book 3.  :-)
 I WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THIS BOOK. BUT I WAS VERY ANGRY AT SNAPE!!!! I WAS JUST ABOUT DONE WITH THE BOOK WHEN I FOUND OUT WHAT SNAPE DID! BUT I WAS VERY PLEASED WITH HARRY AND GINNY! THIS BOOK WAS FACINATING AND I ENJOYED IT VERY MUCH.
 What happened to Harry Potter?  Yes, I agree that there needs to be character development.  And this is something we have seen in abundance in Rowling's previous Potter books.  But from the word go, this new Harry is a much darker, troubled character.  Hogwarts, I am sorry to say, has lost most of its magic.  Yes, butterbeer and the likes are indeed juvenile.  But has the author paused to check exactly why adult readers are delving into Harry like there is no tomorrow?  The strong bonds of friendship, the imaginative names en events, the subject material (we only need to think of Herbology to smile?), the mischief (Oh Fred and George!), the supreme mischief (Peeves) and the wicked one (Snape)...those were the things that kept adults coming back for more - to immerse themselves in the type of schoolyears (and adventure) unheard of.  To forget about real life and be 13/14/15 all over again.<br/><br/>Too many of the 'pullers' in the Harry Potter series have been left out (or taken a miserable backseat) in this one.  I found it altogether sad and disappointing.  Even thinking of Care of Magical Creatures..what happened there?  We could always count on Hagrid to bring on some or other extremely strange (and on a creative level - unmatched) creature.  And I loved Harry giving Malfoy a go - and vice versa.<br/><br/>This book has left me with an impression of darkness from start to the especially confusing end.  I was waiting for my Harry Potter 'fix' and nothing happened - I walked out of my study, having turned the last page, feeling depressed, disappointed and deprived.  Harry Potter, the character and all the wonderful,imaginative people and events that surrounds him, seems to be gone. And so does the magic.
 Although the Harry Potter franchise in general is aimed at young children, a word of warning to parents thinking of purchasing Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince: this is not a children's book.  Reflecting about the book upon finishing reading it, there are clearly many mature issues which would give this book at least a 12+ rating.<br/><br/>Issues such as death, betrayal, romance and relationships, although, one of the major issues that feature prominently in the book is racism. This is reflected in that people who are born from muggle (non-magic folk) parents are perpetrated against by people from fully wizard families. Although the issue of racism is prominent in all Harry Potter books, I think it is an issue whether it is appropriate for young children to be reading about it.<br/><br/>The relationships undertaken by Harry and his friends are also becoming deeper and more explicit such as this extract from the book, "Lavender flung her arms around Ron's neck...There was a noise like a plunger being withdrawn from a blocked sink and Ron surfaced." No doubt this paragraph works for effect, but is it really necessary?<br/><br/>There are also some language issues in the book such as Morfin saying to Voldemort, "Dishonoured us she did, that little slut!" Used for effect again, but is it the proper language to use, when kids about 7 and above are reading it? It all comes down to maturity. As Harry and his friends get older with each passing book, the books themselves and their content gets more mature respectively. Overall, I think parents should read the book themselves before deciding whether or not their children should be subjected to this book or not.<br/><br/>Besides this rather critical analysis of the book, I enjoyed HP6 immensely. As other reviewers have mentioned, there are many vague hints to future story developments. Also, adding to the discussion whether or not Snape is working for Dumbledore or Voldemort: why didn't Snape kill Harry at the end even though Snape had apparently, nothing to lose?<br/><br/>Finally, I want to reiterate my wish for parents to make sure that they read the book first and then use their discretion to conclude whether or not their children should be readin the book, as I believe children 12 years and over should only be reading it.
 I read the entire book in one weekend.  It was very difficult to put down.  I have to say though that more questions were raised than answered.  It was good to get all the backround on Tom Riddle and how he ended up to be as he is now and why.  The significance of some of these revelations are going to help Harry eventually defeat the Dark Lord.  At least I hope it goes that way.  The end was very surprising given what happened and the parties involved.  But did it really happen that way?  I think not.  There are too many hints about non verbal spells and such to believe that the person is actually dead.  This betrayal at the end is both easy to believe and most difficult to believe at the same time.  Now that I have read it - it will be hard to wait for the finale.
 this book was brilliant, and anyone who says otherwise does not know what they are talking about. As a Harry Potter book, it is perfect, and finally, finally, we're getting more in depth answers. Everything is falling into place, and JK's briliance and genious shines througout the book as we learn about the horcruxes, the identity of the half blood prince, and many other things.<br/><br/>The murder was shocking. And I felt my emotions take a ride in this book as I laughed, and cried, and shouted out in anger. And now I once moe feel excited, for finally the end has come and after we read teh next book it is all over, we will know what happens.<br/><br/>This book is brilliant. It is not a waste of time, it is actually one of teh most thought out and entertaining reads published this year, and it will have a special place on my bookshelf for many years to come.<br/><br/>Read it - or you'll be the one to miss out.
 As great as this book is, this is the first in the series that may not be for everyone.  Characters you have hope for may not be what you want them to be by the time you finish the book.  For those who want a "happily ever after" ending, this book will disappoint.<br/><br/>That being said, "Harry Potter and the HBP" is perhaps the best written of the six books so far - if you're ready for perhaps more background than actual story.  There is not one part of the book that should be skipped, or else you may not get some parts of book seven (I'm guessing).<br/><br/>I admire the talent that Ms. Rowlings shows here and hope that her final foray into the world of Harry Potter is at least as good as her penultimate one.
 i have a job where i am left to my own will and being able to listen to the book was awesome.  Also, I did not have to worry about going cross-eyed when i was tired, I just press stop.  this is for anyone who can multi-task or just has no time to sit and read a great story. Oh and hearing the correct way to say a persons' name or name of a curse is priceless.  Some people can sit and read a whole book and some cannnot.  I cannot but can tell you the entire story too.
 First and foremost just let me say that I am an avid fan of the Harry Potter series of books and to date have found the books to date... well spellbinding, pardon the pun.<br/><br/>However, this latest installment isn't like anything that has gone before. I enjoyed it, but I'm not sure that the children that the series was originally meant for will enjoy it so much. All the previous books had closed storylines with the possible exception on the ongoing theme (Harry's continuing battle with the dark lord). Each had a starting point, the start of a new term at hogwarts... a plot... and Harry rose over them all triumphant and the stories reached their conclusion with Harry returning home at the end of the year to spend it hiding away at the Dursley's house. But each story was ended, all neat and tidy. The latest installment isnt like that, it isnt like that at all, what did Harry achieve? nothing really... Apart from the Quiditch captaincy that he really didn't seem to interested in. Yes, there was a major character die in the book, along with many others in fact... J.K Rowlings bloodiest book to date by far. And i agree that there are a lot of kissing scenes in it and scenes of a more intimate nature, but on that fact... Harry is supposed to be older, as are many of the other characters... those things happen in the real world. This book is more for adults that children in my opinion, not in its content, more in its style... I quite liked it, but I don't think the kids will. I can see how it ended up this way reading the material i have in the build up to this. J.K Rowling wrote the last two books together and it shows. There is no triumphant end to this book, the year isnt concluded and a lot of storylines are left dangling...<br/><br/>That said and done, I thoroughly enjoyed it myself, although i felt like you do when you watch a TV episode that you wait for for ages, get into the story to find that at the end it comes up with "to be continued..."
 This has been my favorite out of all of the Harry potter books. In this book Harry shows real bravery. I feel all young readers need to read this book. Not as punishment or because they're parents make them but by their own choice. That's what I did. I feel that you can't read a book and enjoy it because someone's making you. You have to have it for yourself.
 Ahhhhh!! Alas I have finally finished reading HBP after waiting a week for my little brother to finish. After crying for several hours like my my mother just died and screaming at an obviously absent J.K Rowling. I ahve built up the strength to write my review.<br/><br/>Overall I thought the book was good. She did give us some answers to things we were asking about since the last book like who told Voldemort the prophecy. But she also left many things unanswered like is Sirius really dead. She also created many more plot points for us to ponder about until number 7 such as who is this now infamous "R.A.B" I have my suspicions but now is not the time. She has showed us more of the increasing maturity of some of the characters while some were oddly absent during most of the book (Neville). I thought that she decided to add the whole back story of the mysterious potions book just to use that very catchy title (HBP) like she intended to in book 2. Harry's constant rants about Snape and Draco were getting steadily irriating and I threw the book down several times out of frustration.I would have liked to have seen a tiny bit of Voldemort in this book besides in the memories.<br/><br/>The books endindg was very lackluster compared to the last besides the retreval of the faux Horcrux and the death of that oh so important character. I absolutely loved the way Rowling weaved the hints about the location and the actual objects where Voldemort placed the Horcruxes. And just to add a little of my speculation I can almost gurantee one of them is in the very home where voldemort killed his father and grandparents even though that should be blatantly obvious. I still loved it through all its faults and I'm sure to many more times (like many of you will too) until that fateful day when I get the privelege to wait outside my local Barnes&amp;Noble for three days to get no.7.<br/><br/>Happy reading and I bid you all adieu
 Once again we join Harry in his quest to survive. Such a sad tale for one who is so young. But Harry has a knack for survival, even against all odds, which he proves in all his books. His sixth book (like all the others) does not disappoint us, for once more he fights against evil and barley survives. This book was really excellent, and besides a few mumbling moments from the author (but can you blame her? she gets paid by the WORD. no wonder the sentences are longer and the books heavier) the story runs quite smooth and is easy to understand, given of course you have read the other books and you actually know what is going on. I have always liked J. K. Rowling's writing style, she finds simple ways to keep the reader interested, and she does it with a flare. I would recommend this book to anyone and everyone.
 I just begun reading the the series a month ago, These books are not just for kids. Having just finished the The Order of Pheonix and then moving straight into the Half-Blood Prince was great. Before reading the new book my favorite read was The Goblet of Fire, with it's enjoyable games and the ever-so imaginable fight. The Half-Blood Prince, which I have a love/hate relationship with, but is still top-notch. J.K. Rowling has out done herself here! I cannot express how much I love her sense of humor, especially durning an intense moment.<br/><br/>I was amazed how she described He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named's life as a child up until he became who is. She does an excellent job of clearing up my many questions I had at the end of the Order of the Pheonix. I was however a bit dissapointed with the Spiderman-ish love story. And the death really was a shocker (if you hadn't had it spoiled for you).<br/><br/>I look forward to all my questions being answered and to see if the battles go as I think they will. What kind of trouble will Harry get himself into during his 7th year at school?!<br/><br/>If you haven't read all the books... do so! And you will see how fast these books read, you will not want to put them down!!!
 I had lost some interest in the series - it took me a year to get around to reading book 6. Despite what I felt was a relatively "thin" story line in The Half Blood Prince (compared to the other books in the series), it did set up what promises to be a very interesting final installment. I'm sure it won't take me a year to read the last of the series when it arrives.
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince accomplishes for Rowling's series what The Empire Strikes Back did for the (original) Star Wars Trilogy.  It provides the back-story necessary to round out the tale from beginning to end.  Let us not forget that young Harry entered Hogwarts during a lull of battle between Voldemort's Death Eaters and the rest of the wizarding world.  This book serves an important purpose to look at the war though a wider lens, so Harry can move forward to conquer in book seven.<br/><br/>The villain himself does not make a physical appearance.  However Voldemort's distance and the quiet prowl of his Death Eaters does nothing to quell suspense, rather it heightens the sense that Hogwarts, Harry, and the Order of the Phoenix could be caught unawares and defeated at any moment.<br/><br/>Overall, the book is a very good read.  However, Rowling's style fell short of her usual flair.  Her descriptions of events and settings read more like a screen play than a stand-alone novel, and the bulk of the adolescent lovey-dovey, though appropriate to the characters, sounded more like filler than plot.  It seemed that Rowling had in mind a riveting story-line and fast paced quest to end the series, but fluffed up the sub-plots to fill the 650-plus pages demanded by loyal Potter fans.
 I enjoyed almost every part of this excellent addition to this series....however I am incredibly saddened about what happened to Dumbledore!!!!
 This book was a great upstart to the Deathly Hallows.  First of all, without reading this the Deathly Hallows wouldn't make sense on top of the fact that the questions you've been wondering about since book 1 are answered in this one.  This book doesn't contain as much action as some of the others but it still contains the same amount of suspense.  This is a must read not only for the series but for a normal person.  By the end of this book and then the series, you'll be a die hard Harry Potter fan just like me!  Come here to get all your Harry Potter books and more: ...]
 I was immensely impressed by Rowling's latest effort, she has repeatedly proven herself a remarkable storyteller with every new installment. The only problem I have had with her writing is occasional inconsistency in character development. I don't know the correct term for this, so I'll just describe it. It's when you get "thrown out" of the story. You are buzzing along, totally immersed, and then you hit something that reminds you that you are 'reading' the story, not experiencing it. Or you find yourself thinking "They would never do that." This is a jarring experience, and not being a writer, I wouldn't have a clue how to fix that problem. Maybe just experience helps. With the fifth Harry Potter I really struggled with this phenomenon. As riveting as the story was, I kept finding myself thinking there was just way too much emotional overkill.<br/><br/>This latest one I found Rowling much more adept at all the interpersonal relationships evolving throughout this storyline. I felt more connected with everyone in the story. I had very few moments where I had that "Oh yeah, I'm just reading this." I honestly can't wait for the final installment.
 Reliving the  Adventure
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince happens to be my favorite of the Seven Books. What I like best is the insight it gives into the character of Snape, and the fact that we we learn something about his childhood, and what he was like as a student at Hogswart.  It also outlines some crucial plot details and explains many unanswered questions from the previous books.
 I was one of those people dressed up standing in line to get Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince at 12:01.  And I have to say it paid off.  The sixith edition to the Harry Potter series was excellent.  You have seen the characters grow up through out the series but in this book JK Rowling really captures what its like to be a teenager.  Harry expiriences romance, adventure, and a loss.<br/><br/>Harry gets special lessons from Dumbledore.  Ron finally notices girls.  Hermoine has finally given into her feelings for a certain friend. And Ginny is put into a different light for one of the characters.  Well all the love is starting to bloom in the Gryfinndor common room Harry still has Quidditch practices and now has to hold tryouts for the new chasers and beaters.  Yet again there is a new Defence Against the Arts teacher roaming the halls of Hogwarts.  For Harry Potions this year seems to go smoother than previous years.  Harry gets help in potions from the mysterious Half-Blood Prince.<br/><br/>We see Tonks again but shes not her usual self.  Her hair is no longer shocking pink but a plain brown and her patronus has changed shape.<br/><br/>Bill has found the love of his life and is getting married.  The girl he has found is someone we have seen before but I am not going to say who.<br/><br/>Fred and George's buisness is thriving.  They have even started a new line of tricks and are planning on expanding.<br/><br/>Aurthur has been working late at the ministry because of a promotion. Molly dosen't particularly like Bill's choice in his future wife and tries her hardest to ignore her while she is staying at the burrow.<br/><br/>Dumbledore gives special lessons to Harry and teaches Harry everything he knows about Voldemort.<br/><br/>A beloved character dies an unexpected death.<br/><br/>You see the characters grow and change throughout the novel.  It's a book you can't put down.  Characters you may have loved have more to them than you think.  My advice to you is expect the unexpected.<br/><br/>Read Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
 Hello, fellow readers! "opens black case and pulls out a bunch of papers" Today I am giving a review on Harry potter and the half-blood prince. As most of us know, J.K. Rowling is an exelent author, but one book in her world famous series Harry Potter is driving me nuts! "sits in chair and sighs" THat book is Harry Potter and the Half-blood Prince. All of Rowling's Harry potter books are amazing, exept for this one. There's no action, no thrill, no drama! But we can all live without drama, can't we. Still, there's too much info, and way less go-go. Readers will find this book boring, becuase the real point of Harry Potter is magic, and in this book, that point isn't too clear. Rowling wrote this book to give information, not action. But no action means no magic, no true fasination! This is what gets readers down. They hope for action and exitment, and what do they get, a boring book giving info on the mystery of Harry Potter. This is intriguing for some, but most are displeased with the lack of fasination. "pulls out a witeboard and draws a pie graph" Now here is the percentage of people who want action. (90) And here is the percentage of people who want info. (5) Here's the percentage of people who don't care. (5) In this book, Rowling set out to please the 5 percent that wanted info, not the 90 percent of the world's population that wanted action. Action! Is that to much to ask?! No, it's not to much to ask. And now, a poem i have written on Harry Potter and the Half-blood Prince. Hhmmm...<br/><br/>  Harry Potter's a guy,<br/>  who's always asking why,<br/>  people wanted to know,<br/>  so we got info,<br/>  now we've lost the magic,<br/>  THIS BOOK IS QUITE TRAGIC!!!<br/><br/>  Now,"shoves papers back into case a closes the lid" I think we've all got the point of this message, and though many may disagree, including the J.K.Rowling herself, I know that many agree with my theory, and I hope you do too. Ta-ta!
 I went to one of those Potter parties the night before the book was released and waited till midnight to buy the book. This book is the BEST book in the entire series. It is now my favorite. It is VERY, VERY sad at the end. I even cried as if I was reading about real people I knew in real life. J.K. Rowling is a fabulous writer. And I do not care if anyone disagrees a/ me, SNAPE IS EVIL. HE IS AND WE'VE GUESSED IT FROM THE BEGINING. AND THE ONLY REASON HE STOOD UP FOR HARRY IN THE PAST (even though there were very few times) WAS BECASUE HE DIDN''T WANT TO GET CAUGHT AND HE THOUGHT VOLDEMORT WAS DEAD!!!!<br/><br/>This book is GREAT!! I read it in 4 days (that's a record for me (the 5th book took me 5 days)).<br/><br/>I totally loved it and everybody should read it.
 First off, I'm gonna list my favorites of the series in order.<br/><br/>1. The Order of The Phoenix<br/><br/>2. The Half Blood Prince<br/><br/>3. The Prisoner of Azkaban<br/><br/>4. The Goblet of Fire<br/><br/>5. The Sorcerer's Stone<br/><br/>6. The Chamber of Secrets<br/><br/>I'm just gonna come out and say it: THIS BOOK ROCKS!! Some of the humour a lot of children will not get (the romantic themes as another reviewer put it, as well as some of the darker comedy but that's more a matter of taste than anything). Definitely not suitable for anyone younger than 10 because of the intensity of the violence and the suggestive content (YEA, I said SUGGESTIVE CONTENT!!!!)
 This, by far is Rowling's best! I loved it straight to the very last word. It's amazing to me how she dropped little hints all throughout the first five books that you had been wondering about for a couple of hours, days, maybe even weeks, but had soon forgotten. If you've reread the series so far after each book like I have so faithfully, and become as obsessed as me, you might underline the hints that hve been dropped and think to yourself, "God, I'm so stupid; I should have paid more attention to that one little sentence in CoS or tOotP." So many of those things you wonder about, although they may be just in passing, are explained and revealed all in time to when Harry needs to know them, and sometimes a bit too late.<br/><br/>There are several things revealed about the pasts and futures alike of several characters. Of course, we already know that Harry is the "Chosen One," so no real news about that. There is also a slight realisation in Harry that gets him the  I see so much of myself in. I am a Harry-???? shipper all the way and have been since CoS.<br/><br/>The last three chapters are the saddest seventy or eighty pages ever written down on paper. I cried the whole way through to the end and if you feel emotions in books as I do, I expect you will, too.<br/><br/>So, grab HBP, a box of tissues and a box of chocolate to warm the grief that sweeps over you, cold as a dementors kiss when this much beloved character dies. It was not in my opinion, by murder, but by an unbreakable promise and the power of the personification of evil.
 I loved this book! It made me cry in public! It was packed with action, emotion, and cliffhangers! I would recommend this book to anyone who can read a chapter book, young and old alike!
 I was just as enchanted with book six as I was with books one through five.  I am impressed that Rowling can continue to delight her readers with book six, despite unprecedented anticipation and extremely high expectations.  I loved Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, but, from I have read, some did not.  This is perhaps why:<br/><br/>When I first read Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, I definately knew that I was reading a kid's book.  Many adults enjoyed the book because they could remember what it felt like to be a kid;  some even wished they'd had a Harry Potter in their youth.  As the story progresses, the books have gotten increasingly more difficult and complex.  Adults no longer feel that they are borrowing a book from the children's section; they start to believe that Harry was written for them.  Although the reading level has risen, and the content has become more complicated, I don't believe we, as adults, are really Rowling's true audience.  If you haven't read a young adult novel in a while, read one before you critique Rowling's.  And if you don't think her characters are realistic, try hanging out with some teenagers.<br/><br/>Harry has grown from a sweet little boy to a whiney pre-teen to an adolescent know-it-all.  If you think his character is inconsistent, ask yourself this:  when has a sixteen year old failed to be even a little moody?<br/><br/>In most Young Adult novels, parents do not exist.  Often times, the main character is an orphan.  Kids like to imagine a world where they can be autonomous, without the dictates of their parents.  (Potential Spoiler Ahead:  Book 5 and 6).<br/><br/>As his parents are dead, Harry Potter develops close relationships with "surrogate parents," Dumbledore and Sirius Black.  I believe, for him to really develop as a warrior of good against evil, he must "leave" these parental figures behind, which is why they die.<br/><br/>Rowling has the challenge of building on information given in the previous five books.  Most readers will not start reading the series in book six, but some review of the other five was helpful.  I think she did a good job of reminding her readers of previous events, without insulting their intelligence.<br/><br/>At the end of book five, I felt inspired and intrigued by all that was answered at the "end" of the story.  I was expecting a similar result at the end of book six. This was my only disappointment.  Instead of answers, I was left with more questions than ever, and I am eager to find them in book seven.
 Assurance: No spoilers<br/><br/>I will not reveal the ending, but I have to say that I could not believe the outcome, and I am frankly a little miffed at the author for it. That is the only thing that kept me from giving this five stars.<br/><br/>Before I read it, I heard that it would "wrap up loose ends," and indeed, it has. Many things have been further developed and explained.<br/><br/>I have to say that because of the way events were resolved at the end, however, I am NOT as eager for the seventh book as I'm sure I would have been.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince...Year Six<br/><br/>Prior to reading this latest installment of J.K. Rowling's magnificent series, it was hard for me to choose which of the previous books had been my favorite. Having now read the book, I can say without a doubt it is my favorite thus far in the series.<br/><br/>Year six begins with Harry's shortest stay yet with the Dursley's. Whisked away in the middle of the night two weeks are he arrives Harry's adventure begins. Along the way we are introduced to new characters, a sinister new DADA teacher, raging teenage hormones, ultimate betrayal, and finally.... long anticipated answers to some of the mysteries imbedded in this complex, engrossing series.<br/><br/>Infinitely darker, filled with humor and heart-breaking sorrow, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince will leave readers asking the evitable question....How long until the release of book 7!
 Absolutely wonderful book.
 Not since reading Steinbeck's Of Mice and Men twenty-five years ago have I been smacked in the face as hard as this book hit me. I will not spoil anything, but this book ranks as my absolute favorite of the series so far and one of my all time favorites as well.
 Book 6 was, as expected due to Jo having said so herself, like one half of a single book instead of a separate book on its own (the second part being obviously Book 7). And the death of a major character was also expected. The unexpected was the manner in which this character died; moving and disturbing, yes, but also necessary to complete Harry's evolution as The Hero (or rather The Chosen One). I have to admit to mixed feelings while reading, ranging from laughter to tears and a bit of exasperation, when near the end of the book it was evident that certain questions would remain unanswered until Book 7. Will all those answers be neatly tied in Book 7? Could it be more than 1,000 pages long?<br/><br/>Jo has already said (or hinted, rather) that there will be no Quidditch in year 7 and that will make the narrative move further along. But there is certain attention to detail that I found missing in this book. Die-hard Potter fans would read the books even if they are the size of the NY yellow pages, so please bring back more detail for Book 7!<br/><br/>It is hard to review the book without spoilers, so I tried to avoid references to what actually happens (although half the world already knows) and focused rather on my impression of the book. In the end, this time, more than ever, the summer begins in utter despair and the situation is, if not hopeless, at least nearing impossible. Forget Voldemort's return and Sirius' death; Harry's coming-of-age summer will be the hardest yet. The most moving and telling moment in the book is when the character who dies tells Harry that he's not afraid because he's with him. A total reversing of the roles so far, which conveys the magnitude of Harry's task: he's not just the Chosen One, but also the only one. You will enjoy the book as much as all the others; but this time you'll be left with the feeling that maybe, just maybe, Harry might not win in the end.
 Rereading after ten years and it's even better! I still cried even though I knew what would happen. J.K. Rowling is an amazing writer.
 This latest installment of the Harry Potter saga is absolutely phenomenal.  Rowling has shown us her genius par excellence for building plots by creating a climactic story that weaves together information from the first five Harry Potter stories in a clever and, sometimes, unexpected way.  She has also created an emotional experience for the readers, who have come to know and love her characters, and are thus deeply saddened when one of them dies.  I will not spoil the ending by saying who, but I have seen some of the other reviews, which claim that this death was unnecessary or unworthy of the character.  I think that Rowling did this, though, to reinforce her message of love.  The aforementioned character cared, trusted, believed in, and loved Harry so much that (s)he was willing to forget about their personal safety to ensure that Harry would survive.<br/><br/>Thus, "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" draws the reader into the story and makes one never want to set the book down.  HBP also has set the stage for the final showdown between Harry and Voldemort.<br/><br/>This is definitely a work worthy of sitting on the same shelf as other important world literature.  Whether you agree with Rowling's vision for the story or not, we should try to find the message that she was trying to convey to her audience.  We should allow ourselves to be touched and given hope by this installment, which Rowling considers one of her favorites (see her website,  ...]<br/><br/>Definitely an outstanding work.  Somewhat different from the traditonal Potter mold...but then again, the wizard world is at war and nothing will ever again be the same.  HBP has exceeded my expectations and has triumphantly taken its place in the continuation of Harry's story.  It has also taught me to remember the power of love and to embrace the beauty of human life, something that Voldemort has failed to do.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince; what can I say... JK has hooked me again.  The sixth book in the Harry Potter series takes us where book 5 failed to go, forward!  After The Goblet of Fire, I was left with an empty hole, an overwhelming desire for more, but The Order of the Phoenix did little to fill that void and did even less for the characters, I found only the characters of Hermione and Neville actually growing and moving forward while the rest seemed to stagnate, or worse, fall back.<br/><br/>The Half-Blood Prince takes the characters forward again, we find Harry increasing in power, wisdom and especially, bravery.  Love is also in the air throughout the story, not to mention the ever present; hate.  This book not only entertains, it takes the time to set up and prepare the readers for the seventh and final installment of this story line.<br/><br/>As you may or may not have heard, the end does leave a little something to be desired and leaves you with the ever popular, cliffhanger, not my personal taste.  All the other books, regardless of your opinion of them, have a beginning and an end, I feel this book has no end, it just stops.  But does this truly affect my overall opinion, no, my rating still stands, 5 out of 5.<br/><br/>Although I could take the time to describe the story in detail, I would rather you ran (don't walk) to your nearest bookstore and dive right in.  If you've never picked up the series, allow me to give you some advise: START.<br/><br/>The Harry Potter series if far from a children's series, the characters are typically rich and full of life, the plots whole and captivating, the writing is outstanding overall, this series is for everybody.
 This was an incredibly wonderful read.  Will keep you on the edge of your seat with a complex plot and great writing.  Rowling keeps getting better and better with each book--she's simply a master.
 This was worth the wait... although now that I'm done I'm dying for the seventh and final book. I finished it today... and I'm off to re-read NOW! Great job Ms.Rowling. And I'm thrilled that you are sticking to your guns about seven books in the series. It's been a great trip... coming to a close... but I think Harry is ready for some resolution. He certainly deserves to finally lay his demons to rest-- as much as he can.
 When I was in middle school, the Harry Potter books were the kind I would have killed to have found in the school library.  As the series progresses the books seem to slowly creep up both in complexity and in their dark mood.  I am twenty years old and now prefer the Harry Potter series over my past favorite "The Wheel of Time".  The consistancy in the quality of her work makes me wish Rowling had started writing these books ten years ago.<br/><br/>The last book in the installment thus far continues the trend that "I" have seen in Rowlings work, but I personaly felt the effect more in the transistion between the earlier books.  Rowling seems to be almost at her peak ability and I hope she finishes her series before falling to Robert Jordanism (the eleventh book in the Wheel of Time was horrendous).
 Well, J.K. Rowling has done it again. She has managed to keep an adult woman engrossed in a childrens book from start to finish again. I of course won't tell you who the Half-Blood Prince is, but I will say this you will be surprised at the identitiy of the prince. I was! In her search for the Half-Blood Prince, Rowling takes the reader on an emotional roller-coaster ride that ends in heart break for Harry and his friends.In this installment of the Harry Potter books we go deeper into the world of Harry and Voldemort and the issues that stand between them. We are also thrown more that one shock by Rowling in this book, so be prepaired.<br/><br/>  So, if you are looking for answers in this book you will get some. However, keep in mind that this is a book that Rowling is using to drive the story to the ultimate confrontation between Harry and Voldmort,ergo there are more questions than answers. Also of note is that there is the issue of death addressed in this book so if you are reading it to younger children be ready for some difficult questions.
 very hard to put down. I love the story. I can't wait to finish the series. LOve the way these are written.
 We binge watched the movies then I started the book series again. If u haven't re read them do so, they are even better the second time around!,,,
 What a read, emotions up and down, did not expect the ending. Can't wait to read the next book! Very good.
 I was expecting a lot from this book... it was the first one I attended a 'midnight party' for - and thus was very disappointed when I realized it read no better than a common fanfiction.<br/><br/>There were few (if any) points of comedy held between the covers, and this in itself was very upsetting. The plot was hurried and lacked detail, and the way Harry kept sneaking off belayed his age in the book, making him appear to be eleven again.<br/><br/>I honestly understand why certain things happened, but I'm extremely disappointed in J.K. this time around... this book lacks many things that could drastically improve the quality of the story. I can only hope the seventh book in this series is better.
 I really enjoyed reading this book.  Harry seemed to have outgrown his tantrums and shouting and throwing fits as in another book.  The book covered part of Tom Riddle's early life before he became Lord Vortemolt.  It was sad that Dumbledorf died.
 Man!!! Rowling is something, SHE ROCKS DUDES!!!!<br/><br/>I became an instant fan of Rowling the moment I read The First book. Now coming to THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE. Let me tell you I made two guesses before the release about the half-blood prince and surprisingly one of them was right.Let me tell you who it is and it is .......GO AND READ THE BOOK LAZYBONES!!!<br/><br/>Harry has finally left his childhood and entered into adulthood which I feel is sad coz all the innocence is lost now. He also has a new girlfriend whom he "snogs" in front of the whole Gryffindor common room and the girlfriend is one who had a crush on Harry ever since she saw him( atleast I think so)!!!<br/><br/>The real Truth about why Voldemort didn't die was finally(Thank Goodness) revealed. Someone very close to Harry Dies in this book and that Part is disgusting coz that person is very close to Harry and Harry's Biggest supporter. This means Harry now wishes to kill Voldemort more than anything else and that ROWLING IS A RUTHLESS MURDERER!!!!!!!!  OK I'm gonna tell this that Snape by the end of this book seems to be the worst person alive but we can expect that he turns out to be the biggest harry potter supporter and the reason is ROWLING IS THE AUTHOR OF HARRY POTTER!!! The book doesn't bring out the magic not unlike OOTP which Rowling creates in the Goblet of Fire and that is th ereason I gave her 4 stars and not five.On the whole the book is Awesome!!!!!!!!
 So the 6th installment to the Harry Potter phenomenon is here! I did not go in the pouring rain, admist overeager children and fanatics to get my copy at midnight on 07/16/05.  I strolled into Barnes and Noble and got it on Saturday. Didn't even touch it until Saturday night and finished it within 24 hours. So here is my rendention.<br/><br/>The story takes on a kind of run of the mill junior year actually.  Love, fights, quiddith, all the same. Yes we have a new Defense Against The Dark Arts teacher, as is no suprise. However we also have a new Potions teacher. Aha! The plot thickens (insert theory here). Harry's old enemies are more distinct and verified in this installment, albeit with a sad but determined ephiphany.<br/><br/>The Half-Blood Prince is not who you think or you would ever guess. This person's trude identity and events are mirrored in the same fashion, it seems, as another crucial characther.<br/><br/>The 4 stars represent my tedious journey with this book. I hate when she gives us all the action at the end. We have to go through trivial life and hints and conspiracies before anything concrete jumps out. However that is JK and I can't fault her for that, for I do love her work!<br/><br/>Suffice it to say the next book(s?) could possibly be entirely different thant the last 6 years, according to the end and Harry's "decision". One is never so certain though, so we will see.
 I have read many of the reviews posted on this website and thought long and hard before posting my own.  I can see how some people would be put off by the Half-Blood Prince.  The story line isn't full of punch and kick like previous books have been.  However the subtelty and deep meaning interlaced in the new book are very geniously done.  There is in my opinion great suspense in this novel.  I believe it takes a more developed mind and imagination to truely appreciate the intricacies introduced in this book.  From budding relationships, to the horrors experienced by Harry on his quest to weaken Voldemort, through the feeling of genuine loss, leading into the set-up for the plot line to the next and final installment, we begin to see that not everything in Harry's world is good versus evil, there are many twists and turns to this cliche model in writing.  The lines get blurred between the two sides, so much so that, you never know who is genuine and who has ulterior motives.  I am not sure I would recommend anyone under the age of 13 read this book. I absolutely loved this book and think that the 7th will be a doozy.
 First let me say that almost from the very beginning of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone my only real complaint aboout the series is that no scene beyond chapter one of the first book takes place away from Harry Potter's presence. I like scenes that go on without the hero's knowledge, something we know that the hero doesn't. This pattern went through the next four books and left me a bit frustrated. Therefore I was surprised and delighted that in book 6 there are many scenes that take place away from Harry, the best being the second chapter scene between Snape and Bellatrix which leads us to question Snape's loyalties yet again.<br/><br/>I am much impressed with this book although I still think the previous book is far superior. Can't wait for the final installment.
 i give this book 5 stars for five reason<br/><br/>1. it kept me very entertained(definate page turner)and the story came to life and she had a good way of keep my emotions right( example: death scene and when harry asked the new teach for the memory and got it,i believe that was quit touching in my opinion)<br/><br/>2. gave me lots of backstory(even though i havent got all the answers which is good) and gave me new clues (who is R.A.B and many more)<br/><br/>3. it was well written(major props to JO) she cant expect to please everyone and even though it wasnt what people expected i enjoyed it and i feel i could go on to thr 7th book without reading nor could i just stop reading them alltogether even if i didnt like it(which i really really did)<br/><br/>4. im loving how she captures how it is to be 16(young, healthy, hopless,CURIOUS,confused, angry, easily made jelous, always thinking they know everything and even being conceited at some points(IM NOT DISSIN TEENAGE ADOLCENTS I MYSELF AM I TEENAGER and i am merely just mentioning the truth) that is ot a judment on all teenagers<br/><br/>5. how she developes and introudices a deeper level of everyone and everything(draco malfoy for instance, voldy'z life, dumbledore and his mistakes, a more view of thing other than hogwarts( the cave, the gaunt house)<br/><br/>i really enoyed this book although i wudd of like to have read more about class lessons and more action(i loved all the talk and the last 100 pages were truley some "good" action<br/><br/>(this was the book we indeed needed to get a feel that the 7th book will be waaaaayy better and this was the bridge to get to it once again JO you have blown my mind (two thumbs up)<br/><br/>edge of the seat until 7th
 The book was great (like all of them) but this one in particular had many twists, turns, deciepts, and a plot that was a total turn pager. It had me reading till the very end. Rather interesting. You learn a lot bout Voldemort and his past. A bit of a shocker from Snape. And of course there is Harry and all of his heroic-ness and troubles. You can't skip this book or I'm sure that when you read the seventh you will be confused. VERY VERY CONFUSED! So go on now and read it. You won't regret it. In fact I'm 652% (607% if you read the UK version) sure you wont.
 This book continues the exploits of an older Harry and his Hogwart buddies. Without giving anything away, the book, as others in the series did, answers some of the questions readers developed following the very first Harry Potter book. A beloved character dies, although it's certain that this character's spirit will continue to drive and guide Harry and his friends. A story of good vs evil, where good will win in the end. A darker book than her others. Can hardly wait for the movie.<br/><br/>Shawn Messonnier DVM<br/>author, 8 Weeks to a Healthy Dog, The Allergy Solution for Dogs, and the award-winning The Natural Health Bible for Dogs &amp; Cats<br/><br/>(...)
 1)  Not a good book for younger children.  I'd recommend they stick to Books 1-3, maybe Book 4.<br/><br/>2)  Better than Book 5, but not as enjoyable as some of the earlier books to me.<br/><br/>3)  Definitely getting darker and more depressing as Harry and his compatriots grow older.  Of course, the world seems darker and more depressing than it used to be too.<br/><br/>4)  The Half-Blood Prince is a very interesting character.  I look forward to seeing how events tie up in Book 7.<br/><br/>5)  Book 6 seemed a little short.  Some of the other books stood alone better.<br/><br/>6)  I missed the usual Hogwarts Express ending.
 The saga of the boy named Harry Potter continues in this awesome and thrilling edition.  For a greatly anticipated book, it lived up to all of the hype in my opinion.  As Harry grows for yet another year, trouble seems to be his best friend.  Due to JKR writing, you grow with him as Hogwarts turns into another world.  It is much darker than book 5 as it should be.  By the time you finish the book, you feel that it is a mistake, I mean you couldn't have finished it that quickly. As you cliff hang into the next book, you wonder what in the world she has planned for the boy who defeated You Know Who!  The wonderful world of Harry Potter is getting older and so are the story lines.  I loved this book and will probably be out at midnight for book seven!
 I just finished the sixth book in the HP series and am wiping the last tears off my face. If you have not finished it yet, I will not spoil anything for you, but I will say that I think this book is the  best one thus far. Rowling paints the exhilaration and despair of adolescence in realistic ways, and demonstrates how adolescents shift from one emotion to another, sometimes in the same moment. The conflicts between duty and desire are illuminated here in painful detail, and like many old fairy tales with which we are all familiar, "The Half-Blood Prince" explores the myriad ways in which adults repeatedly fail to make the world safe for children. Additionally, we see the ways in which trust can be misplaced and betrayal enacted. This installment is both devastating and hopeful, inspiring us to root for Harry even more passionately than we have before. How much longer until Book 7 is released?
 I was one of those people at the stores at midnight purchasing this book on audio cd.  (BTW - If you are a working parent with a long commute, audio books are great.)  It was worth the wait.<br/><br/>With regard to the audio performance, it is outstanding.  However Jim Dale did change the accents of some of the characters.  It is easy to forgive this though since his performance for all 6 books is great, better than any other.<br/><br/>With regard to the story, this story is very inventive.  All those who say they don't think Rowling is great, obviously haven't tried to create a whole new world from nothing and then describe it to the extent that masses of people can see and enjoy it. It is truly amazing how realistic her characters are as they grow up.  I think everyone who is a child or can remember their childhood can relate to the characters.<br/><br/>I thought this book was much lighter than OofTP, until the end.  I have to say that I was unprepared for the end.  I just didn't think she would do that.<br/><br/>Anyway, if you are a Potter fan.  Don't miss it.<br/><br/>Can't wait for #7
 This book was a huge dissapointment.  I love the Harry Potter books and always have picked them up immediately.  However, book six, the "Half Blood Prince" didn't come close to the standard I have come to expect. This book was disjointed, the caracters weren't fully expanded and if was missing the flowing narrative that painted the story in the past.<br/><br/>The last chapter of the book, was better than the rest and managed to pull it together, but what this book did was really set the stage for the next book, that we're gong to need to wait a year or two to read.<br/><br/>This book was defenetely not worth the hype that led up to it's release, and I'm dissapointed JK Rowling chose to rely on her fanfair, not her talent.  If the first few books were like this one, she wouldn't be so famous.
 Without giving anything away (or too much, anyway), this book is the "Empire Strikes Back" of the Harry Potter series.  The brilliance and creativity of the storytelling are enough to make you overlook the obviousness of the plotline, but somehow I expected more out of this book.  What I got was something that read more like a screenplay than a novel, lacking a lot of the creative side and backstories found in previous books.  The one good thing I can say for it is that it does set up some very interesting plotlines for the upcoming final Book 7.<br/><br/>Also, while this book is shorter than its predecssor, it still suffers from a lack of editing.  I've accepted that J.K. Rowling is an incredibly taletented, creative, but not incredibly skilled writer.  I've even looked the other way in the past at some of the places where her editor clearly fell asleep.  Unfortunately, it appears that she had no editor for this effort.  The shear number of semicolons (many of which are misused, and the rest are overused) in this book is enough to make me want to tinker with Rowling's keyboard before she starts writing Book 7.<br/><br/>Ultimately, this is not a bad book, but it is also far from a great one.  It certainly falls well short of Rowling's two best efforts, Prisoner of Azkaban and Order of the Phoenix.  All told, though, I was happy to read it and can say that any fan of the series will at least give it credit for moving the story along and setting up a fascinating final chapter.
 This might be the best book in the series.  The subtle layers of history Rowling gives each and every character is absolutely ingenious.  If you've seen the films, the books will give you even more insight into the magical world.
 This book definatly did not match up to my expectations. I am a big Harry Potter fan but I have to ask this question: why does Rowling keep killing off my favorite charachters? I am only just coming to terms with the fact that she killed Sirius off at the end of book 5 which I think was a big mistake, but killing off Dumbledore!<br/><br/>I liked the idea of the half blood prince and I liked the romances between the different charachters, although I did find Harry's sudden love for Ginny a bit, well, sudden, but I thought this book was too deep and dark, thats not what these books are about to me, they are about Harry, Ron, Hermione and Hogwarts which is why I was disapointed that Harry won't be going back there in the next book.<br/><br/>Harry didn't seem to get any more powerful in this book either which didn't seem quite right since he is going to have to fight a lot in the last book and he wants to be an auror. I would have expected him to learn lots more spells and go back to Hogwarts to learn as much as possible about fighting Voldemort. I would also have expected the DA to continue but it didn't.Also, it might have been my fault for reading the book too quickly, it took me 2 days, but what is the bit about Godricks Hollow at the end? I didn't get what that was all about.<br/><br/>This review might seem a bit picky but thats because to me this book does not not have the spark or the charm which all the other books had, I still think the books good its just not nearly as good as I was expecting, its too short and even the Quidditch seemed flat. Maybe Rowlings getting bored but I hope the next book makes up for the disapointment of this one.<br/><br/>In spite of this though I still think the Harry Potter books are pretty good.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, is yet another astonishing addition to the amazing Harry Potter series by J.K. Rowling. As the Half-Blood Prince starts, we find Harry yet again in the treacherous home of the Dursley's, but this time we find him with a string of hope brought on by Dumbledore. As our story unravels, Harry has made a strong relationship with Dumbledore and learns many things as the year progresses that will ultimately help him in the end during the fight he was born to be in with Lord Voldemort. J.K. Rowling has done a great job over the course of these books in emotional developing each character. In this book we see different sides of Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny as well. This book was a real page-turner and always kept me wanting to read more. You can really tell that Harry has emotionally developed and is determined in what he has to do. Harry is put under a lot of stress and in the end has to endure the loss of someone, yet again, that he dearly cares about. This is an amazing book that ultimately brought me to tears, sobs even. I highly reccomend it and applaud J.K. ROwling.
 Rowling again has her readers finishing the book and asking for more.  This book does answer some questions, but it creates many more.  The first quarter of the book she seems to explain a lot for readers who may have skipped books 1-6. (Shame on them.)  The final quarter of the book gets you to the point of not being able to put the book down until you are finished.  I do feel the final chapter was a let down with very little action.  Rowling has done an excellent job of setting up the final book.  One can already image the quest Harry will be setting out on.  This book is much more mature than 1-4.  I am glad that my daughter is going into seventh grade as she is reading this one.  Some of the material might be a little dark or over the head of children below sixth grade. Although I enjoyed the book I still rate #3 as my favorite Harry book.
 I was really torn between that one and the "Harry Potter and the Desperate House-Elves" - not an easy choice, seeing what a pop-culture whimsicle this series become having hit installment #6. No, seriously, I kinda liked the first one, reminded me of LOTR Book 1, with its sensation of a vast expansion of view, of a discovery of the larger and magical world lying there in wait just beyond the picked fence of mundane. This book is about as thrilling as your next issue of Suburban News, with its disproportionate amount of high-school sports, an obituary or two, and of course highly mysterious and disturbing disappearance of a snow blower in the middle of July. Rowling has been charged with formulaic plot before - does she ever put the "mooooo" back in formulaic in this one... But if before I figured that the magic was running thin and was just waiting for DEFRAGMENTO! or CIRCUMCISIO! to randomly pop up in seemingly endless stream of homemade incantations, in this one Rowling upped the love factor quite a bit, and managed to get it looking like a retarded child resulting from a gross sexual imposition by the Hallmark channel upon Disney programming...
 Engrossing read. I began this marathon reading of all the books to know what amy grandchildren were raving about.  Now I seem to have become as lost in Potter world as they are.
 I loved this book! Through and through. People are saying that Rowling used "the same ideas" over and over and that it became boring, but that is how you give a place its reality - characterization of a place - I think it's brilliant. I really enjoyed reading after having a bit of time to really watch the movies, too. I could see everything that was happening in the book, part of what made it so hard to put down, I think.<br/><br/>I'm not going to spoil anything, but I can't say how disappointed in one clever character I was at the end of the book for not knowing instinctively who the important initials belong to. I figured it out right when I saw them... I mean, why else would this person be mentioned so many times all of a sudden?? C'mon!<br/><br/>Anyway, I loved the book, I would have given it 6 stars! What a fun adventure! I read it in one day!
 When trying to recall what happened in this book, I remember everything from page 500 onwards. That is when the action really begins to pick up. But before that? Not much to remember.<br/><br/>The book begins and ends in a very Hollywood fashion. Can't you just see that happening word for word in a movie script? It felt very ridiculous and out of place compared to the other books.<br/><br/>The romance was... strange. Hermione and Ron were cute, but Harry's romantic interest was oddly written - referred to as a monster in his chest, raising its head at a certain name. Because it was only a line here or a line there, I did not really feel the attraction Harry felt towards that person. It felt a little sudden and out of place.<br/><br/>There was a throw-away Quiddich match, and some class scenes, but these did not really give me the feeling of advancing the characters or the plot. I agree with one of the above posters who said that book 3, while slim, was tightly written. This book could have been that. I am not one for action all the time in books, but I could not remember what happened in this book before page 500, unless I flipped back through to remind myself.<br/><br/>Here's hoping book 7 will cover a lot more ground and not leave out anything important (she set herself up for a lot of material for book 7!)
 I am sure there have been mixed reviews for the Half Blood Prince - lord knows you can't please everyone all the time.  I however loved the book as I have loved all the Harry Potter books that have come before.<br/><br/>I think the character development is imperative to the story.  These are teenagers - they still need to be teenagers.  I think JKR does a great job in the age progression of these kids through the books.<br/><br/>The die hard Harry Potter sleuthes will probably be able to figure out who the Half Blood Prince is once that part is introduced - I know I did but JKR does try to throw you off course until almost the end.<br/><br/>I don't want to spoil the book for the potential readers out there but the ending is sad.  Some may even be angry with JKR for her decisions there.  But for the surprise and yes sadness I felt when reading this book - I was left with the feeling of wanting more.  This book answered a lot of questions from previous books while leaving you with more questions - it is the perfect build up for what Harry will confront in the last book.  I personally can't wait!
 This book puts together the last five series, intros the adventures for the last book and sets the mood to focus on Harry.<br/><br/>The book spent more pages showing how closely human the wizards are than the way any of the previous books could. It seems important to build the lead characters as lovers and the enemies as haters. It seems important to know how the enemies feel about themselves and others. Also it seems important to maintain a great degree of mystery to the main characters maybe adding more questions here and there as subtly but as obviously as possible.<br/><br/>Overall, the book is light. It is not as action-packed as the earlier books. As usual, more questions are left to ponder. Not much of a cliffhanger but more like a preparation for the last book; to entice interest to the ending of the series.<br/><br/>This book by itself is not at all exciting. But the fact that it is the book before the last and seventh book, it does succeed in leaving the message to its audience: "be sure to read book 7".
 The newest installment in the Harry Potter series is remarkable more mature than it's predecessors. In some ways it doesn't appear to have the same feeling as the previous books, yet what with the trials that Harry has been put through before, it is not surprising that the tone of this book is slightly different. In addition, there are many different and unique settings that haven't been used before and this contributes to the changed feeling of this book. Although shorter than the previous books, Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince has an intriguing plot that keeps you interested from the begining to the end and is an excellent addition to the Harry Potter series.<br/><br/>Yet in my opinion, there still are a few scenes that while they truly aren't , they seem to be somewhat random or even a bit unbelievable. Some of them also seem to be somewhat cliched, yet still unique, but this could be partly due to my slight obsessioon with fan fiction. Still this book is a wonderful read that absolutely leaves you wanting more. Now I can't wait for the seventh book to come out! Happy readings!
 Such a good book! Though there was a lack of who was speaking so I had to reread the dialogue a couple times. Overall though this is the best book series I have read so far.
 The sixth book in the series of Harry Potter has lived up to its expectations and more!!  Not only does Rowling tie together all the past five books (i.e. horcruxes=diary) but she leaves us biting at the bit for the seventh!  I read a review that describes the sixth book as "lacking plot" or as an "encyclopedia". What else was everyone expecting from the book that precedes the holy "7th" book??? It has to give you a solution...the cure.... of course it's going to be nothing but information! I think many forget that this is a SERIES. To analyze each is not doing the individual book justice.  Of all the books, I agree that the title "might" not be suited to the  contents.  HOWEVER, I will not fully criticize until the final installment, where there may be more explanation (as was the case in the sixth book for all preceding novels). Harry Potter fans, please, wait till the seventh book is complete to place judgment! There is MORE to come, and I know Rowling will not leave us disappointed!
 It's Harry Potter. Come on.
 Another page turner. What a story! It captivates and entertains, and is still clean. More authors should take note of that recipe. Well done J.K. Rowling!
 I just finished the book yesterday, and after I read it I couldn't help but start pacing in my room. I couldn't believe what I just read. Don't Worry; I'm not going to dish out any spoiliers. You know, to me, J.K. Rowling is such a good writer, and every book has gotten better and better. I recommend this book to everyone, children to adults. This book has power in it. You can tell when you read it. I'm sorry this review is more of the general picture but I didn't want to give anything away!! I urge you to read this book. I don't really write that many reviews, but Harry Potter is worth it. Cheers!
 All I have to say is this book is spectacular. I don't want to give away too much of the plot, but this book definitely reveals some extremely shocking information. Book 6 gives a peak of what went on in Voldemort's past. Plus shocking secrets are revealed throughout the book, and times in the wizarding world are darker than ever. In the midst of all of this, J.K. Rowling provides a little love story that occurs with Harry and his friends. I highly recommend this book. It is an absolute masterpiece! J.K. Rowling is definitely going to go down in history as one of the most talented and creative fiction writers of all times. So, go read this book, ASAP!<br/><br/>The only bad thing about this book is that once you finish reading it, you are sure to be in agony, desparately waiting for Book 7 to see how Rowling will put an end to this captivating series.
 First of all, this book was much more stream-lined, moving the plot along excellently. Some people may think this damages the book, but I think it helps it--rather than be 300 pages in before Harry arrives at Hogwarts, we only wait a few chapters. Rowling's emphasis throughout the book on Dumbledores increasing lack of wisdom foreshadows its tragic ending. Suddenly Dumbledore wasn't the strong superhero we once knew, but a frail old man. The book actually ends at a bit of a cliffhanger-a first in the series. Facing us are two major questions; will Hogwarts remain open even if Harry chooses not to attend? and, will Harry, Ron and Hermione be able to find and destroy the remaining Horcruxes in time to stop Voldemort? Other elements in the book include overactive hormornes, relationships springing up in surprising places (and breaking in more surprising ones), and the final undoing of Professor Severus Snape, who I honestly believed would redeem himself at the end of the series or so.<br/><br/>Rowling's imagination continues to amaze me. The Horcruxes and Felix Felicis were particular bursts of creativity I found somewhat amusing and a bit fearful. Her new character of Rufus Scrimgeour proves be as unlikable as Fudge, even if he's a bit more adept at the job.<br/><br/>All in all, I was impressed with the sixth book and look forward to the seventh...but in the meantime, I'll look through the books for clues to the end. Who is R.A.B anyway?<br/><br/>Let's hope we won't have to wait long.
 Great series of books. I understand why so many people young and old fell in love with this story. Highly recommend!
 Just like the other books in the series. I had trouble putting it down. I could read the Harry Potter books forever. Half-Blood Prince is definatley no exception. I wont go into anything about the story. I'm sure some of the other 3000+ reviews did that. So I'll just say that I'm 35 years old and am loving the Harry Potter books. Can't wait for the next one.
 greatness! J.K. Rowling proves why her books are the most anticipated and bestselling. They're simply the best. This one is the greatest of all of hers. Unlike the others, this one doesn't end with a happy ending. Harry had a relationship before, but in this book he seems to mature from child to adult. It is one of the most adicting books I've ever read. You cannot put it down. The story is so good you can hardly believe it is fiction. It is a great story and Rowling is a great author.
 This book is phenomenal and beautiful addition to the Harry Potter series. Everybody who reads this book will not be disappointed.
 I find all of ths Harry Potter books wonderful and this one did exceptionally terrific. J.K Rowling once again gave the book cliffhangers on every page with excitement and danged in every word! In my eyes J.K Rowling are an inspiration. This book has suspense, excitement, danged and every thing a perfect book needs. She clearly beat the Percy Jackson series and the Heroes of Olympus series. This book rocks!!!!!!!!!!! : )
 This was a really great book!<br/><br/>Harry is back in Hogwarts for his sixth year and the race is now on to stop Voldemort and his supporters. Harry has grown up immensely in this book courtesy of the occurrences in HP 5 and although he does come up against some disbelief, he perseveres showing that he is very different to the angry and frustrated teenager in the last book. The inclusion of a new teacher at Hogwarts and Harry's increased interaction with Dumbledore (which is my favourite thing about this book) provides Harry with many crucial answers, but as you can imagine it also raises many questions.<br/><br/>It also has its share of teenage drama with sometimes very hilarious results.<br/><br/>This book retains the dark atmosphere of the last and I think is even better with Harry now arriving at a very definite purpose and I can't wait for the next book... :)
 After reading the most recent Harry Potter book, I was left breathless and in a pensive state. Rowling has managed to turn the fun series about magic into a gripping and darker tale of good versus evil, and the results will leave you incredulous. Yes, it is true, a main character and friend of Harry's does die, but it is not without cause or without justice being done to the character.<br/><br/>Slowly, it appears Rowling's writing technique has grown and matured into a a full-fledged novel that speaks to older readers but can still be understood by those who are younger.<br/><br/>Above all, the plot in the new novel is just as gripping and powerful as any of the others, if not more so. Quite a few readers have complained that it is slower than the previous books, and that is also true. This book is to the Harry Potter series as Kill Bill Volume Two was the the Kill Bill duo. It has more revelations, more backstory and more dialouge than any of the other books, and to the patient and curious reader, this is a rare treasure in fantasy books and in the Harry Potter books in all.<br/><br/>In conclusion, I would recommened this novel to any reader, though the subject material of death, sacrifice and love (Including teenage angst) might be hard to grasp for those under the ages of 10-12. This novel is well worth its weight in gold.
 I love these books. Very good. Better than the movies. I have read these books probably ten times.
 always the best
 Well, for the sixth book in the series, I was expecting more of a progression of Harry's character. In the Order of the Phoenix, Rawlings went on and on about how Harry has changed and he is much darker, but now that his godfather is dead and dementors are running loose, not to mention Voldemort, he has reverted to somewhere amidst the first four books (his character was the same throughout them all).<br/><br/>As far as reading through it, there were times that I was engrossed, but I tend to do that with any fantasy novel. There was, unfortunately, only one part where I saw meaning come out of the story, and then it was gone. There was much that went on that should have not been so drawn out, and much that was just breifly touched that should have been expanded.<br/><br/>For those who haven't read it, I'm not going to give away the ending, but it did surprise me. I thought it happened way too fast (along with Sirius in the Order), but the point came across clear. The ensuing chaos didn't seem overly chaotic, and it was hard to see where everything was going.<br/><br/>That, and the "note" wasn't to hard to figure out, so that doesn't leave much room for surprise as to where the next book will start out and what the point of it is.<br/><br/>But overall, it was a fun read. Damn college for making me analytical, but I certainly don't regret reading it and I'm looking forward to see exactly how this is brought to an end (if it is... it was left wide open here).
 J.K. Rowling did spendedly, even if I am a bit upset with Book 6. On the whole this book was genuinely depressing, except where the "love issues" the characters were having gave it a funny edge (I knew Harry and Ginny would end up together). It was full of death, attacks, traitors, evil around every corner, shops shutting down in Hogsmead and Diagone Alley, curses and an eventual fight scene between good and evil. Much darker than the first 4, but Book 5 set us up for this.<br/><br/>This was not a robotic book that just gave information. It had feeling and those of us who are invested in the lives if these fictional characters felt it when Malfoy chickened out in the face of impending death, Dumbledore died by Snape's wand, Harry watched helplessly and Snape got away. I am an adult in my early 30's and "The Diary of Anne Frank" made me cry when I was about 12yo. Not since that book have I had to put a piece of literature down to wipe my streaming tears to continue reading through less blurry lenses. The last 5 chapters are very difficult. I just kept crying every few pages! Truthfully, I was already hyped up after Chapter 2 (American Version) with the scene of a much aniticipated "evil" Snape talking with Death Eaters, Narcissa and Bella!<br/><br/>I mentioned to a friend while reading over the weekend that "I hope they don't kill Dumbledore". I assumed from the start that Malfoy (who was surprisingly absent from this book even though he was important) was supposed to kill the headmaster, not Harry. Harry must be done in by Voldemorte if at all. I am still on the line where Snape is concerned. I think Rowling has us on a rollercoaster for the truth about that one. Was Dumbledore asking Snape to kill him or not kill him at the end of Book 6 when he said "Severus...please..." Hmmmm. Makes one wonder. My favorite characters are Ron, Dobby, the Weasley Twins and Dumbledore. To lose the headmaster was devistating and made the last few chapters very painful, but fascinating. The fact that a book can bring me to tears again was amazing. Hats off to J.K.!
 TOO MANY PAGES OF BACKGOUND INFORMATION AT THE BEGINNING - SEEMS LIKE AUTHOR DID NOT HAVE A LONG ENOUGH BOOK AND HAD TO PAD IT OUT,  BUT AFTER THIS PART IS OVER IT IS FASCINATING
 You ask if I am over 13. Heck, I am over sixty-seven.<br/><br/>What a delightful romp through a very sensitive portrayal of school life, despite the witch- and warlock-craft. I am told that American pubishers have finally stopped translating these volumes into a language that our American schoolchildren can understand, and that's nice, because a little exposure to something other than our culture won't damage them permanently. Exposure to failure is also a positive learning experience, as is the death of Dumbledore, if he is in fact dead.<br/><br/>Well and bravely done. I hate to admit it, but my life may be a little emptier without another chapter to read tonight.<br/><br/>Mac
 Ever since I read the first sentence of "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" so long ago, it had created a life time of imagination. Harry is in his sixth year of Hogwarts, where romance and violence thrives. The staff has been mixed up and Voldemort runs rampant throughout the world. Sounds like basic Harry Potter philosophy, no? No. Harry has emotions of a teenager, that of a real live human being, unlike most of the characters nowadays. Harry Potter has obtained the title I gave to the Lord of the Rings so long ago. It has been quite apparent that this book, or more or less, these books, have achieved that of what your mind's eye could only dream of. I may sound scripted, or in your mind not, but Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is the greatest Harry Potter book to grace my bookshelf-and my imagination.
 I cannot believe that Book 5 has gotten better reviews than this book. Compared to the annoying Harry we had to listen to in Book 5, he is a dream in this book. The characters continue to develop, and I actually enjoyed seeing another side of the Malfoy clan and Draco  himself. Anyone who thinks that Dumbeldore was killed off unimaginatively (to paraphrase another reviewer) must be really lacking in the brains department. Rowling knows where this series is headed, and this book got me back into caring after barely making it through Book 5.
 The 6th book in the Harry potter series. This book sets the pace and provides the back story in which the events of the 7th book take place.<br/>If you want to understand what happens in the 7th book and/or movie, this book is a must read!
 I disliked the points where the trio was so concerned with snogging and stuff, but otherwise I loved the amount of depth given to some prominent characters. Emotional rollercoaster is an understatement
 Friendship, treachery, and death are three words which aptly encompass the spirit of the penultimate installment of J.K. Rowling riveting "Harry Potter" series.  While not the most action packed of the series, a strong emphasis is given to the continuing friendship of Harry, Ron, and Hermione, as the three are tested in a world that is in the midst of a magical war.  Readers will find that plot twists and some rather shocking revelations abound; friendships are solidified; and lines are drawn in the sand, as the stage is set for what is surely to be a climactic finale to an incredibly absorbing series.<br/><br/> A must read for all Potter fans.
 I really enjoyed Prince even though while reading it, it felt rushed, ambiguous, and a little incomplete. I think it seemed that way because Goblet and Phoenix were long and drawn out. I understand why it felt rushed and incomplete, however, and I don't mind, for I know what's to come and I've no doubt that it's going to be incredible. You see it's obvious that Rowling used Prince as a set up for the final chapter in the series.<br/><br/>I was delighted that Harry and Ginny got together. I've been rooting for the two of them since Chamber. I don't know why, but they just feel right. Ginny's character has grown into one of my favorites. I'm still pulling for them even with Harry behaving like Toby Mcguire in Spider Man. Snape is another character I find downright intriguing. Yea, I hate his greasy guts, but I'm supposed to. That, in a nutshell, is called rich character building. Snape's character has grown complex over the last few books. I really look forward to the last book.<br/><br/>Yes, Prince was somewhat predictable. I surmised in the second chapter Dumbledore was probably going to die and that Snape would probably end up doing the deed (as he "vowed" to Narcissa Malfoy he'd complete the task if Draco failed - but of course that vow may have been for the wardrobe, not sure). But come on...did anyone truly expect it to end otherwise? Dumbledore HAD to die - I've known it for 3 books. I dreaded it, but I also knew because I had faith in Rowling's literary honesty that there was no way he could be spared. For Harry to truly grow up and prepare himself for what he must do - he had to be parted from the security and safety he found under Dumbledore's wing. Harry Potter will undoubtedly go on to defeat Voldemort and become the next generation's Dumbledore, maybe even become Minister of Magic or Headmaster of Hogwarts...<br/><br/>Dumbledore's murder may actually have been a sacrifice. I'm not convinced, but there is certainly evidence (through his own foreshadowing) that this may have been the case. It didn't occur to me until after I put the book down. I was contemplating what I had just read and the light flickered. This could be an ingenious plot twist that would create tremendous conflict. Then again, until book 7 is published, nobody will know for certain so it's merely speculation until then.<br/><br/>I've read some ridiculously naive reviews from people who felt the ending of Prince should have been more favorable and uplifting. I understand how you feel, which is an appropriate feeling, but you must understand that Rowling has to be loyal to her vision of the story, not yours...even if it hurts. Good fiction must have constant conflict. It's what allows the story to happen. Without conflict (i.e. the many bad things that continually happen to Harry) you have no story. Without conflict, you have a biography, and most of them are not interesting enough for epic fantasy.<br/><br/>In my humble opinion, Prince was a success, and the next installment will be the opus in a fabulous series of books.
 Book six is a great read.  Harry and his friends embark on a new year at Hogwarts.  Their sixth year is amazingly challenging as they struggle with their studies, Harry's never ending suspicion of Malfoy, and the love lives of all three friends.  They face their challenges with actions relatively predictable of their characters.<br/><br/>This book was a pretty good piece of writing.  It may very will be my favorite of the series.  That being said, if you need continual suspense, it may not be the greatest.  There's a lot of building up.  The end is really exciting.  The ending was a little hokey to me, but overall, it was a great book.  There were laughs and there was a great deal of anger at some of the characters.  It's a great read.
 Yet again another beautifully written story.  It is so hard not to get enveloped in her writings!<br/>Every one of her adventures carry me into Harry's life at Hogwarts.<br/>I get a little sad each time I come to the<br/>end of a book.
 perfect
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is a book about a kid named Harry Potter who is starting his sixth year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. The war against Lord Voldermort isn't going so well, even the muggle (non-magic) government is starting to notice odd things happening.  During the year a lot of things start to brew up and a lot of anxiety spreads around the school.  For some odd reason, Dumbledore is gone for long stretches at a time and there is a lot of love between new couples.  Harry has suspicions about Malfoy, Harry starts to have private lessons from teachers, and Harry gets extraordinary help from the mysterious Half-Blood Prince.  Harry with help from Dumbledore, searches for the full story behind Lord Voldermort's childhood, so if they can, find Voldermort's vulnerability and then be able to destroy him.<br/><br/>I thought that Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince was a phenomenal book filled everything a good book needs.  It's like a lot of novels put into one book, the books a mystery, there is action and adventure, love.  Why read about 4 different books when you can read just one, and that book is Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.  I recommend this book to anyone and every one.  I think that you'll at least find one thing you like about the book, unless your not a Harry Potter fan, than this recommendation isn't for you( SORRY)!
 Good book.
 Epic tale.  Gave me chills, Thrilling and emotional.  Had me completely involved.  Can't wait for the final book.  From cheers to tears and back again, this one had it all.
 First things first.  Chikiwawa - 4 words for you:<br/><br/>It's.  Just.  A.  Story.<br/><br/>If you don't like it, don't read it.  Harry Potter is not the devil, he's not even real.  Stick to decaf, OK?<br/><br/>Now, onto the review.  I'm not going to say anything to spoil it for anyone, but suffice it to say that I nearly cried when I came to the end (for several reasons, one of which was the fact that I'd have to wait another 2 years to see how it all turns out).  This book was simply excellent.  Very well written.  If Book 7 follows the progression of books 4-6, it is going to be a very dark book indeed.  And I can't wait... :-)
 I loved it because it had a lot of action, but it also had some quiet and even sad moments. I thought it was very well balanced
 Well thought out and adventurous book. It almost feels as if you were Harry. Exiting book full of drama and fun
 Well, I can't say that this is the best Harry Potter book so far, but it's a definite improvement from book 5. Harry actually seems to lose all that teenage angst and there are no more terrible tempers. Rowling explores some teenage rommance between Ron and Hermione while Snape FINALLY gets to teach Defense of the Dark Arts. She also introduces a new character, the new potions teacher, Slughorn(If you ask me, that's an apt name). Malfoy however wanders into the dark side but despite the inital distain and disgust we feel, it seems he is to be pitied as we notice his struggle and terror as he sinks deeper into the Dark Lord's schemes. Finally, The fatality occurs... by the time we read the 3rd chapter, we can actually guess whose imminant death approaches, for HE is wounded, his seeming invincibility gone, a sign of weakness bared in troubled times. No longer can he protect Harry from the harsh reality of the future, and Harry find himself bereft of his last protector, mentor and friend(know who he is by now?). Further on, we find out about the origins of Voldermot's "immortal" status. It's a complicated process and most important to the plot so I won't say much, just that he almost has something like several "lives" like a cat, and cannot be killed until all are destroyed(read the book~ This is all in very simplified terms). As the book draws to a close, we are left with a sort of cliff-hanger which lingers about Snape's true loyalties(he's almost like JOVE, the 2-faced roman god at times...) All in all, I can't wait for the final book.. I have to say though, the language in this book seems more mature, even flowery at times...did Rowling change her writing style? This book is less dark thenthe last book and considerably easier to read, what with Harry NOT screaming and quarreling...
 Not my favorite HP book, due to the climax, but a necessary link in the chain.  Also, a beautiful example of JKR's absolute genius for character creation, in just a few lines, in the person of Hepaziba Smith.  Also also, much of the action regarding the kids at Hogwarts is charming in the extreme.
 It used to be a toss up between Goblet and Azkaban. Depending on which day of the week, I'd choose one of the other. Not anymore.<br/><br/>I got the book at 1:00 AM Saturday morning. Didn't start reading until I woke up at 12:00 PM. I just finished it Monday morning at around 1:45 AM. And I am stunned. I am just left in awe of the magic and sheer genius that is J.K. Rowling.<br/><br/>This book is amazing. It is funny, heartbreaking, fantastic, unbelievably well-written, and completely bring change to all other books in the series. It's not the middle of the series book like Order was. No, this is it kids. This is the beginning of the end.<br/><br/>And what an end it's going to be.<br/><br/>It's going to be a long wait to book 7.<br/><br/>But Mrs. Rowling, you got me more now than you ever had before.<br/><br/>Thank you very much.
 First off, I devoured Rowling's 6th novel in precisely 12 hours. So hats off to her for creating yet another part of the series that is just as absorbing, exciting, and fantastic as the previous 5. After reading the past reviews, I do agree that a past review was very poignant in criticizing Harry's romance with Ginny. I thought it was a good suspense relief, though, and the kid deserves some stint of happiness, no matter how brief. I did feel that a lot of Book 6 will be answered in Book 7, and while the fact that I have to wait for ANOTHER book frustrates me to no end, I like how she always leaves each novel with several pieces hanging. I do feel that the death of one of the main characters was incredibly shocking, but for some reason, I don't buy it. In Book 5, Bellatrix tells Harry when he attempts the Cruciatius curse that you really have to FEEL and BELIEVE the Unforgivable curses in order for them to truly work. While I'm not sure if this applies to Avada Kedavra, I couldn't help that feel there is a reason Snape was so trusted by Dumbledore. Perhaps Snape didn't mean the Avada Kedavra as much as everyone believed? I'm not sure how optimistic that is, but I just feel that this can't be the end of one of the book's main characters. In any case, Book 6 exceeded all my expectations and I happily (and anxiously) await the 7th and final installment of the Harry Potter series.
 This book is a terrific prequel to The Deathly Hallows.  It really is the last time you feel the joy and magic of Hogwarts, and the climax of the last book would not be there without this one.
 If you have read the other Harry Potter books and you think those are good, then you will be amazed by this book. It is definitely the best of all so far.<br/><br/>There is one really scary chapter and it is very sad in the<br/><br/>last few chapters. I recommend this book for people who have read the other books in the series and also for people who like fiction books. The right age for this book is between 10 and 99.<br/><br/> It is about Harry who finds a book that belongs to the Half Blood Prince and the book has many cheats for potions class. Hermione is mad at Harry and thinks he will be caught. He starts to wonder who the prince is and tries to find out. Harry also has classes with Dumbledore to learn about Voldemort`s past because he is the "chosen one." Chapters 13 through 19 have llllllooooootttttsssss of love scenes. Those chapters are more for the teenagers.<br/><br/>I could not put this book down.  I am 11 years old and finished this book in one week.  When you start to read it, be prepared to not do anything else but read read read.
 This is an excellent book, one of my favorites of the series. A blend between the children of the first books and the young adults of the last books.
 I won't mention her name, but JK knows who I'm talking about: The  publishers assistant. Her job was to toss genre's that they do not publish; like children's books... But she asked her boss if she could please read the book. "There is just something about it." She said, "I cannot put it down." The next day she tossed the book; not in the trash, of course, but on her bosses desk. "You simply MUST read this book!" The result is obvious. This assistant was not even given a bonus from her boss or a check from JK, but, in Rowling's, defense she did thank the girl. If that were to happen to me, I would not sleep until that wonderful girl was paid for her efforts! Rowling had already experienced several REJECTION letters, around 30 I believe? Many great books are rejected; it's part of the process. I'm just another writer; but I know the gift of gratitude. RMA
 my favorite harry potter movie 😃😃😃😃😃
 I had never been a fan of the Harry Potter books or movies, but this book has so many great reviews I decided to give it a whirl.  I watched all 5 of the movies to get familiar with the charcters and then buried my nose in this book.  I read an average of 2 books per month, and this book is, "hands-down", the best book I've read in years.  Rowling's ability to tell a story is second to none.
 I have been a fan of Harry Potter for a LONG time. When I heard the new book was coming out, I was ecstatic! I stood in line for 3 hours to get it at 12:00 am. After I read it in the following 12 hours I fell in love with the book. Reading the harry potter books while I was younger was tons of fun, but as I grew older they original harry potter books didnt fascinate me as much as they used to, and more and more I would wait for the next book to come out so I can be swept up in the story once more. Every book that came out I loved more and more, but this last one topped it off. It seemed like JK Rowling made a very smooth transition from childrens book, to adult novel, and this last book seemed to be made for people who have stuck with the books for the longest times, and who grew up along with Harry, Ron, and Hermione. But even to newcomers to Harry's world, this book shows remarkable change from the last ones, and yet retains the best qualities of the original Harry Potter. I strongly recommend this book to anyone wishing for a good read that will stick with them forever.
 I am reading the book to my daughter after reading it a half dozen years ago and its still a lot of fun, though this book is quite dark, especially at the end.  I look forward to completing the read a second time!
 Let me say this about J.K. Rowling: I hate her. She threw me a curveball that smacked me full in the face. Of all the things I could have imagined happening this destroyed me: Dumbledore was dead and by the hand of Snape. I wanted to roar with the loudest voice and kick and scream. The best wizard that magic had ever known was done in by a traitor. Other than that the book was well written and she definetely still has the touch. Even though I hated that scene I will not deduct this from the score as I feel it deserves the full five stars!
 I was somewhat disappointed with the writing in this book, as I feel that J.K. Rowling has changed the way in which she writes for the second-to-last novel in the series.  Unlike other reviewers, I feel that Rowling may have swayed too much in thinking about the sure-to-come movie of this book, and may not have written as truly as she has for the other novels in the series.  I found the relationship between Harry and Dumbledore less believable this time around, and Harry's spitting frustration a little hard to take at times.<br/>However, all of that being said, there are some very funny, laugh-out-loud parts in this book, and overall I enjoyed reading this novel.<br/>My recommendation would be that, if you have not read book 5 in some time, re-read it prior to beginning book 6.
 a few SPOILERS!I really liked this book there was more romance, we find out more specifics about voldemorts past, how to destroy him, i dont see why people didnt like this book, probably because dumbledore focuses more on teaching harry information on voldemort than on teaching him defensive spell and stuff like that, but i really feel like this was planned i know that whatever she puts in her books its there cause it'll have use if not now then later. Personally, I loved it!!!
 I'm such a fan of Harry Potter that it's hard to say why this is my favorite book. I guess because it's so honest, emotional, and it cuts deep. It closes doors while opening even more windows. It is a book that will always stay with you. I almost can't bear to see the movie because there's no way it'll live up to my high expectations.
 J.K. Rowling has added the 6th book to her famed Harry Potter triliogy and for most fans it does not disappoint. It is dark and foreboding to a fate which no one knows. This unfortuntely isn't going to be as appreciated until book 7 comes out because it basically comes off as book 7 - part 1.<br/><br/>Rowling of course said that the last two books are really one book separated with their own different sub-plots. If you notice while you are reading this, a lot of narrative threads were not finished in this book and will be carried over to book 7.<br/><br/>Still as always Rowling has very fleshed out characters and great humor. There are times when you are going to laugh out loud at things characters say. Her wit shines through every page. We can only hope this continues to the very last book.<br/><br/>Overall a fantastic book and if you've read the series you will most likely like this one.
 Reviewer: Michelle<br/><br/>(Elgin Illinois, U.S.)<br/><br/>Spoiler Alert!!<br/><br/> I found Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince to be a great book.  Voldemort has come back to life, Cornelius Fudge is no longer the Head of Ministry of Magic.  A new teacher called Horace Slughorn who was Dumbladore's old friend and colleague is appointed... and instead of Defense against the Dark Arts it is Potions.  Snape gets the job of Defense against the Dark Arts.  Malfoy is working for Lord Voldemort. Harry forgets/loses his potion book so has to borrow one from the school and finds many different spells as well as ways to make potions a completely different way then what the teachers show him that gets him incredibly good grades(especially if you consider it the subject is potions).  The previous owner of the potions book was the Half Blood Prince!
 I really enjoyed reading this book, as I am a HUGE Harry Potter fan.  However, it did drag in parts, and I was hoping for more answers, not more questions.  Still, being a Potter fanatic, I loved the book, and was completely captivated by it for the day and a half it took me to read it.  I then proceeded to read it a second time.  :)<br/><br/>Potter fans, J.K. Rowling has got a TON to explain in the 7th (and final) book.
 I was very excited about this book's release, especially since it was supposed to be the longest one written yet.  I was thinking how much more involved, adventurous, and "telling" it must be given the size and hype surrounding its release.  I was sorely disappointed.<br/><br/>The size factor must have been in pages alone, because it's content was no where near what her other books have given as far as story, twists, and suspense were concerned.<br/><br/>I found the "teasers" to be more annoying than anything.  Yes, we "knew" someone was going to die - and were teased every 4 chapters with lame "could this be the person" scenarios.<br/><br/>The actual death itself was forced and strangely under-written - especially given who was lost.<br/><br/>I found the learning more of Tom Riddle/Voldemort's history/past tedius and under-developed.  So much more could have been done with the telling of those stories, and leave out some of the dreck about inter-relationships.  Yes, teen years are full of angst and personal drama - much of which is overblown when you come down to the realities of it - but I didn't feel that Rowling has good enough a perspective to really give *that* much page space while letting other areas of the stories suffer.  The story would have been much more rich with both had the pettiness of the relationships been well-balanced by rich storylines elsehwere.<br/><br/>Characters seem to have been thrown in and tossed out here and there, many times not ever finding any kind of significance in their telling.  One love twist would have been a welcomed surprise, had it not been tossed in, heated quickly, then smoothed out quietly in the next chapter.  It would have been great to see two older characters develop into a relationship that you never would have thought of.  They are two characters you'd definately cheer on to have a great relationship, but the moments were lost.<br/><br/>I did find some of the characters' development well deserved and very interesting to read.  LOVE where Ginny's character is going.  She is very smart, fearless, and stands her ground with pinache.  The development of Malfoy - especially in the train - was a great build, but did not have much in the middle.  Loved to see how he developed in the end - as well as not getting any answers just yet on where he really was going.<br/><br/>Otherwise, a lot of vapid, silly whining from many in the book.  A lot of great characters were left to the way-side, which had there been a clear purpose, would have been excuseable.<br/><br/>A lot of "passionate build-ups" without the story writing depth and conclusions to back them up.  I found myself skimming over more paragraphs and this book took less than a day to read through.  I hope the final book can make up for the lack of substance in this one, and that this was a fluffy build to an explosive ending.
 I'm keeping my Harry Potter reviews brief because I doubt there are few people left who haven't read them.  Let me just say...if you haven't given them a try yet, I highly recommend you do.  These are books are a fun, magical journey from the youngest to the oldest reader.  Don't miss out on this instant classic!
 After reading through the reviews for this book, I'm proud to give this book a rave review.  Being a Harry Potter devotee, I think this book keeps this series viable, exciting and interesting.  It's a little on the dark side...but that's the subject matter.  I still think it works for adults and kids alike as it is a book that makes the reader strategize, imagine, think and rethink, in order to keep up with the direction of the book.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is one of the best and exciting reads of the summer, and I have to agree with several other reviewers in regard to Stephanie Lerner's "Kids Who Think Outside The Box".  I bought it, read it and was inspired by it. "Living Legends" of the world talk about their lives, thoughts, etc.  Paul McCartney, Olympians, Academy Award Winners, Scientists, all talked about how they made it to their "personal besw". Great Book.  If I have to recommend the book of the summer then buy "Harry Potter...#6" and then buy "Kids Who Think Outside The Box" ...it's a close second.
 I really liked this book best of the series. JKR has brilliantly woven her story and all the pieces are fitting together!
 I love the Harry Potter Series! I watched all the movies multiple times, and I can't wait to reach the next and last book "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows"!
 Man, you can't beat this one. The fifth book was kind of a letdown (plotholes, characters acting out, Harry angry through the entire book), but the sixth more than makes up for it with serious changes, some incredible plot twists (one of which Rowling spends fully 1/5 of the book justifying, as she definitely should), and of course, a significant body count.<br/><br/>The high adventure will sell the book, but the best parts of it are the moments between Harry and his friends that develop the complexities in the relationships in a real and believable way. And it's nice to see Harry finally have a decent girlfriend. I don't think many people will come away from this book disappointed, but you may be upset that you have to wait a couple more years for the last installment.<br/><br/>-sbt.
 The Harry Potter series continues to grow darker in its themes, in my opinion getting better.  This book continues the tone of Order of the Phoenix.  If you liked book 5, you will like this one too.  Also, the ending of this book is far from as concrete as some make it out to be.  It leaves much room for interpretation, as I like it.<br/><br/>This book and OotP are in close running to be Rowling's best.
 This book is amazing, to put it plainly.  I read it in six hours flat, I couldn't put it down.  While Prisoner of Azkaban still remains my favorite, Half Blood Prince runs a very tight second.  The whole of the book is very different from the first five, but very entertaining.  Harry and his peers grow up a lot more in this book, and learn new things that help them through the year.  While HBP answers a lot of questions, it also asks a lot.  I can't wait til the 7th installment comes out- but I'm also sad that the series is coming to and end.<br/><br/>J.K. Rowling is the best author ever.  She's truly talented.
 The beginning of the end of the Harry/ Voldemort saga, and possibly the best of the series. Many pivotal plot twists. Don't miss this one!
 I really enjoyed this book. There are a lot of things that you finally learn about "He Who Must Not Be Named" - you know, he's named that because you can't really hope to spell it correctly without doing a google search. Finally we get a closer look into the man who became the menace. We also get to know Dumbledor better as well. More character development and maturation occurs here than in many of the other books. I really enjoyed it, and wish it hadn't stopped...I think that's really my only complaint - that I have to wait another 2 years to find out how this one really ends.
 I wouldn't trade my virtually non-stop 12 hours of reading this book from cover to cover for anything. However, it is time to reconsider Harry Potter as a children's franchise.<br/><br/>This is the grimmest Harry Potter book yet. If I was ten, I would have had nightmares after finishing this book. If was six or under, I would have been crying most miserably by the end.<br/><br/>Young buyer beware.
 Rowling has once again captured the hearts and minds of thousands, both devoted fans and new readers! The sixth book of the Harry Potter series, delves into the realms of romance, as well as the darker sides of some of the characters. We much more about Voldemort's past, sequences that may be found boring by some, but that I find facinating. The sixth book does set the stage for what will be Harry's finale in the litterary world (unless fan fiction is made legal for publication)<br/><br/>If you are a new reader, please buy this book, you won't regret it! If you are a devoted fan and just haven't had the chance to pick up this book, please, drop what ever you're reading now and read it! And if you're still angry at Rowling for who she killed in the last book (as I was) and have made a vow to not read this one because of it, please renounce those words now! I promise you will not regret it! This book is by far the best! Even for it's dark, heart ripping ending! This book is the best! Please please pick it up!<br/><br/>I can only count the days until the next book debutes on bookshelves. I will be the first one in line!
 One of the best. Loved it so much with the new characters. Can't wait to read book 7 after this
 Really enjoyed this book. Is Snaps good or evil? Really like how the relationships are unfolding.  Will Ron and Herrimonie get together?
 The 6th HArry Potter, like i excpected, rocked. Bun in a differnet way then the other ones. It just seemed written differnet to me, like it was less layered than the other ones or something. That isn't to say it was predictable though! It was about the farthest thing from it with most of the major points.I must have cried for over two hours while reading and after reading the book. I couldn't believe what happened! I thought j.k rowling (and still sort of do) was nuts to end it the way she did, excpecting Harry to goo now into the world and do what he has to do with how inexperienced he is! Harry would have died on his last mission w/ "someone" if that someone hadn't been there! Now he has to be alone doing equally hard tasks except for his dumb friends?! And what disturbs me even more is the second chapter. i kept thinking, oh don't worry about it, Dumbledore will explain everything in the end like he always does. Yea right! Well, i can hardly wait for the next book, even though it probably won't be out for atleast 2 or 3 years, i need to find out what happens. As usual the book was well written, suspensful, and left me wanting more. I really like the explanations of voldemort's past, i thought it flowed nicely with the book. im sry if this review wasn't very helpeful, but it's rather hard to write one without giving everything away.
 Loved it!
 I got this book at 12:15 A.M. on July 16. By 11:57 on July 17 I was done. This book ties up a lot of loose ends on Voldemort's past. Hogwarts, life after, that sort of thing. Also it is very shocking at the end. Since the 2nd chapter, readers are questioning the loyalty of our former Potions master. Thoughout the book, there are terms of great jealousy, near deaths, and many deaths of muggles and wizards alike. Though the most important death was that of a dearly beloved character.<br/><br/>Though this shorter than even the Goblet of Fire, it has a lot of backstory. But, in my opinion, I think it would of been better with more detail in the smaller problems. But, overall, its a good book. The hard part is waiting for the final book. I heard that J.K stated that the last two may be confusing apart, and I can comfirm that. Great Book!!!
 Quite simply, I thought this book was absolutely stunning. Harry's anger and whininess from the fifth book is gone; he is becoming a stoic, strong, determined adult. The general feel of this book is progressively darker than its counterparts, on the same level with the last book, but rightly so. Rowling balances the seriousness of the story with the comedic antics of Harry's friends and classmates, all who are becoming teenagers and experiencing the normal growing pains. However, I did find that the "Half-Blood Prince" storyline was more like a side plot, and not nearly as important as what I consider to be the main plot - the rebirth of Voldemort and what the Death Eaters are up to. But the main story is fantastic and full to the brim of mystery, emotion (I cried my eyes out!) and plenty of magic. A perfect 10!
 As I anxiously read through the latest installment in the Harry Potter series, I couldn't help feeling as though something was missing.  In the previous books, a specific conflict has always been what the story revolves around; for example, finding out who is responsible for opening the chamber of secrets, who will win the triwizard tournament...etc, however in my opinion, the Half Blood Prince serves more as a tool in giving the reader background knowledge and essentially preparing him or her for the eventual end of the series.  This is not to say that I did not throughly enjoy the book, it is by far one of the best in the series, but it is DIFFERENT from the other books' style and plots.  I most definetly recommend the book however it is essential that the reader has read all five books to fully appreciate it.
 I just finished the book yesterday and I have to say that I was hooked from the very first page.  I liked the first chapter because it was different from all the previous books.  It was also hauntingly familiar to current events.  I just wished that the Prime Minister would have come back later in the book.  That is one of my few complaints about HBP.<br/><br/>The second chapter was one of my favorite parts of the book because in just one chapter JK makes us question a character that we have known for some time.  From that moment on, I could not put the book down.<br/><br/>The pace of the book I found to be better structured than OOTP; which at times was a bit drawn out.  I liked how there were not a lot of new characters except for Slughorn, the new Hogwarts teacher.  I thought Slughorn was a well written character who brough humanity to the House of Slytherin.<br/><br/>The teenage dramas depicted were fun to read.  It really showed how the kids were growing up and maturing.  The themes of war and love, which are both very prevelent in the book, balance each other out nicely.  The romance gives us some good chuckles before the horror begins.<br/><br/>The main draw of the book is the private lessons Harry has with Dumbledore about the root of Lord Voldemort.  I enjoyed how JK showed how Voldemort and Harry are both very similar and yet extremely different.  This goes to the root theme of the entire SERIES.  This definetly sets up the next and last book, which is NEEDED in order that the 7th book make sense.  It is interesting how the star of the book is Voldemort and how he does not show up in a physical sense at all.<br/><br/>JK also brought Draco to the forefront of the story which has been needed for quite some time.  Until HBP he has been too much of a typical school bully. All I will say about Draco is that at times during the book I felt pity for him, which I never thought would happen.<br/><br/>Now to the main question: Who is the Half Blood Prince? I thought that it was obvious from the moment Harry got the potions book.  The most frustrating thing about the book is you have to read most of the book to find out why she titled the book Half Blood Prince.  But after finding out, I know why she made us wait.<br/><br/>The last hundred pages are some of the darkest, and best, chapters in the Harry Potter series.  The lightness of the beginning and the middle of the book highlight the latter chapters.  There is a shock concerning a death.  However the shock is not who dies, but how he/she dies.<br/><br/>All in all I LOVED this book because it had all the elements that I like (character development, humor, romance, adventure, mystery) and then some.  JK has come up with a great installment in the wonderful tale that is Harry Potter.  It furthers the main story that binds the series together without the annoying and distracting subplots.  When I put the book down, my first thought was 'Where is the seveth book' and that is exactly what my first thought should be.  The book leaves you wanting more.
 Record for me...started at 9 pm EST on July 16 and was done by 3:30 am! HBP is definitely worth the wait! I liked how the book seemed less drama and adolescent angst driven, but it was still the seriousness of the situation that made me never able to put the book down. No sooner are millions of questions answered from the previous book, but suddenly new ones crop up to make us wonder. The characters are all growing and accepting what life is throwing at them. Harry, too, is changing and becoming more mature and grown up that anyone should ever have to be.<br/><br/>I wouldn't say this book is as joyful as in the past (book 5 being very heavy), but it, to me, has a lighter side that shows itself.<br/><br/>What will happen next? I'll say this much about book 6. I'd no sooner read the last word of the book and was ready to pick up book 7!
 I believe Book 5 (Order of the Phoenix) was overall a better book, but the pacing is fairly tight in Book 6 and enjoyable.  There were a couple of parts that didn't quite resonate with me (Dumbledore's blind trust with Snape, for example) but perhaps Book 7 will shed a bit more light on those issues.  Overall, I enjoyed how the various sublots revolved around each other tighter and tighter until the climax of this story.  It shapes for a great Book 7.
 This book was the third best book in the series behind 3 and 4 and it still had its usual dose of 100 pages of pointless info that doesn't even help develop the characters or plot<br/>THe good<br/>It was a darker book than the others and I liked that<br/>It didn't drag as much as some of the others cough five cough but it still had it's points that had me wanting to skip a few pages because it was drifting a little bit.<br/>Overall it was a pretty good book<br/>HArry wasn't as whiny in this book as he was in the fifth so I liked that as well<br/>Bad<br/>After coming out with a dismal book five I was hoping she would deliver a knock out with this book and this book left again much to be desired for with this HP fan.<br/>It dragged in the first few hundred pages like normal and the came through with an ok ending.<br/>It didn't develop anyone other than the three main characters would have like to see it at least mention neville or luna.<br/>It was a rather predictable book and it was evident halfway through the book how it was going to end or at least who was going to die and who the half blood prince was<br/>She left much to be desired with the plot and left to many loose ends that I will be surprised if she can get it done in less that 1500 pages but i would like to see a longer book so it wouldn't bother me to see a 2500 page book.<br/>The love writing in this book is comical and stiff at best so I would like to see that be developed more in the senventh.<br/>Conclusion<br/>WHile this book was a good book it wasn't a great book which with how well this book is selling I think she will really have to step it up with the final installment and I can only hope she takes her time and comes out with an extrordinary book rather than rush it and come up with an ok ender to a very good series. Good luck with your reading and I hope you find this book enjoyable.<br/>Rating<br/>I will dive this book a 3 and hope The final installment will wow me and let me truly say that 7 is without a doubt a 5 and the best book in the series which by the way it will be very hard to top book four.
 Great book
 Ofcourse these books are amazing - why do I have to write this out.
 The book is generally good. Though it is slow in parts and had a rather unorthadox ending to it. If buying this for a child you should be warned that this book is a little more dramatic than the other books released. Also one of the main characters dies. I will not say who as to spoil the book for you. It took me 3 days to read it so the book does draw you into it with the desire to see how it ends. the book has some punch to it as well. It left me with the feeling of what will harry do next. More on the side of worry than reason.
 It's amazing how many things you remember reading the books that are different from the book. Time constraints  make that impossible.
 While I wasn't a huge fan of the first two books in the series (they were decent, but nothing spectacular), it changed with Azkaban (so far the best of the bunch, IMHO).  Book 4 was great in that it departed from the similar formula of the first three.  I really enjoyed five, despite Harry being a bit too whiney for my liking--the best part was the further development of the somewhat "minor" characters (i.e., Ginny, Neville and Luna).  I was looking forward to that trio playing a more significant role in book 6, but was disappointed.  However, book 6 is still almost as strong as 3, 4 and 5.  It certainly isn't as action driven as they were, but the narrative provided by Dumbledore is interesting and provides much needed background and drive for why voldemort is the way he is.<br/><br/>Overall, I think it does what it's supposed to do, build up the suspense in anticipation for a grande finale.
 It is hard to believe it, but J.K. has outdone herself again. I had my copy of this book at 12:01am and this was well worth it.<br/><br/>It was great to see how much Harry had matured as well as the new alligence that he finds with both old and new friends. Harry, not nearly as angry as he was in the last book, was enjoyable to read. Indeed, this book had me guessing to the very end and I was left wondering if I would have to wait another year or so to know how this series ends.<br/><br/>I think kids of all ages can enjoy this book, because like most things in life it has both scary and delightful parts; yet, it still manages to stir the imagination and take one on a trip worth taking. Well worth the wait and soooo much fun to read.<br/><br/>A word to the wise you will laugh and cry but in the end you will know you have just read a really great book.<br/><br/>In case any of you are wondering why I only gave four stars, instead of five, Well,-Goblet of Fire still reamins my favorite book but this is right on Par. Have fun reading, I know you will.
 This is an excellent book and would be a good read for most people! Smaller children might get discouraged from reading this book as it is fairly large, so I would defiantly recommend at least wait until middle school before reading. To read this book one would not need to have a specialized interest, it is just a fun book that people can connect to and enjoy reading. J.K. Rowling puts one right into the action and this book will leave a person feeling attached to the characters. The plot in this story is great and exciting! In conclusion, one wishes to read a great book pick up J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince!
 I'll attempt to avoid spoilers, since we're still so close to the book's release...<br/><br/>I'm willing to grant that the author may be setting up some brilliant scenarios and "ah ha!" moments for book 7, but as the series stands this particular volume didn't work very well.<br/><br/>There was a lot of play with romantic material, but most of the time it just seemed to be pulling time away from the main flow of the plot without adding very much depth to the characters.  Overall, the romantic plotlines were unpleasantly predictable.<br/><br/>The Half Blood Prince line in the plot isn't actually sufficiently developed at this point that it makes a lot of sense as the title of the book (this is one of the things that I really hope will be fixed up in Book 7).<br/><br/>It seems like the desire (as voiced by the characters) is to push a worldview of your desiny being a matter of the choices you make rather than something that's inflicted on you, but the actual events are treated by the book more as if they have a momentum that's out of Harry's hands.  There's also one point where it almost sounds like they're saying there was a choice, but it was Voldemort's to make, and really there's no real way for Harry to escape what's already in motion.<br/><br/>Similarly, there was some talk about the power of love, which could have had some interesting potential if it were tied back to all of the teenage growing up romantic material in the book, but so far nothing like that's really happened.<br/><br/>Basically the book feels as if there was a list of the things that need to happen in order to set up the last book, and someone went down the list doing a sketch of a story that would meet the requirements, then added filler.  It didn't have the lovely feel of the prior Harry Potter series books where you get more of a feeling that the story is moving at its own pace and the major points are woven smoothly into the narrative.<br/><br/>In a sense it even seemed as if the story was trying to get more mature and the writing style wasn't keeping up and the friction between the two was calling attention to all the wrong places.<br/><br/>As I said, though, maybe there'll be material in book 7 that causes all of this to look a lot different.  I hope so.
 I laughed out loud reading this one more times than I care to remember.  There were also plenty of gasps and overall I was more relaxed and happy reading this book than I would have been doing anything else.  I enjoyed this as much as any other work of fiction i've read.<br/><br/>The first chapter with the PM (more Hugh Grant in 'Love Actually' than Tony Blair) I loved.  The awkward dealings of teenagers were true to form and hilarious, as the interests of the characters lurched between house points, quidich, school, girls (and boys) and the evil guy trying to kill everyone all given equal attention by the characters.<br/><br/>The books seem to be growing up with the reader, and becoming darker -which I like.<br/><br/>It's a book and i'm more interested if it entertains me reading it than if it's corrupting the youth.  The way some people go on it sounds like the charges against Socrates by the Athenian Democracy.<br/><br/>I was in a bad mood when I finished you'll be wondering because  I was saddened by the events at the end and having to stop reading such a great book.
 As with all the Harry Potter books, once started I was unable to stop reading this book until I finished.  The characters have matured, the level of intensity has grown and I'm not happy about waiting another two years (if that long) for the final installment.  The magic of the first book will never be duplicated as with the first time I read The Hobbit.  But each book in the Harry Potter series has continued to enthrall and delight me.  No, some things contained in this book do not delight me but life doesn't always make me happy either.  If you believe in good, you believe in evil.  Evil exists in this world as is evident in our own history.  Evil exists in Harry Potter's world and we've known from the opening chapters of the first book, that Harry's life isn't one little happy fairy tale.  I appreciate the depth of character that Rowling gives Harry, Ron and Hermione.  We feel what they feel.  We know their hearts.  The message of this book is love, simple love.  Love is the strongest magic of all.  And for those that don't get Harry Potter and spend their time condemning the books, love is the central theme of The Bible and life with God.  It's very hard to make any specific comments about The Half-Blood Prince without giving any plot away but I can say that without a question, this is the strongest of the six and even more literate than the others.  Jo Rowlings is an excellent author and one who shares a prominent place in my bookcases.  And for the record - I don't have any kids.  I read these for myself.  Thanks for the day I just spent lost in Harry's world.  Thanks for the joy all six books have given me.  I eagerly await the final confrontation in book seven.
 What an amazing evolution Ms. Rowling has created. From the light-hearted and innocent beginnings, the Harry Potter series has become a tale of growth, love, hate, the human spirit, and the added ingredient of magic to top off an incredible mix.<br/><br/>Harry has come a long way and this book proves it beyond the shadow of a doubt. I for one feel right at home in all the different places created in Ms. Rowling's world: Privet Drive, Hogsmeade, Hogwarts, Hagrid's Hut, the Forbidden Forest, etc.<br/><br/>I will reveal nothing important about the story that would give anything away. All I will say is that it has got to be one of the best books thus far, right up there with Goblet of Fire. I couldn't stop reading and ended up finishing this book in one day. Yeah, it's definitely a page turner!<br/><br/>All I can say is "Cheers!" to the fabulous author and congratulate her on another wonderful piece of literature in a series that will no doubt leave a lasting impression the world-over.<br/><br/>Go Harry!
 This book was, sadly, quite disappointing.  Order of the Phoenix left me with high hopes after having such a spectacular finale.  But the mysteries of the Department of Mysteries, the mirror, and other good aspects one would expect to pop up did not.  Instead the book was heavily dominated by characters pairing up together as their hormones apparently became more important than the war itself.  A lot of the relationships felt cliche and unbelievable... just thrown together.  There was good characterization of some characters like Snape, and the final battle was quite intense, but I was sadly let down by this book after seeing how outstandingly wonderful (and far more memorable) books 3-5 had been.  It felt like J.K. Rowling handed off the writing in HBP to someone completely different at times.
 I feel silly rating a Harry Potter book. I just re-read the series for the first time in my adult life. It was a bit over due. I can't wait until Cursed Child is released. I already have my copy reserved at Barnes and Noble. I always went to the midnight release parties to pick up my books as a kid.
 Twelve hours after I heard a knock on my door this morning, telling me my book had arrived, I closed that book with a sigh (and a few tears) and sat back to let it sink in.<br/><br/>This is by far the strongest and best book in the series.  Unlike the angsty 15-year-old he was in the last book, Harry has grown and matured.  He is still himself (and still a teenager), but his experiences have shaped him, and it seems he is growing into his role as a hero.<br/><br/>Despite the looming presence of Voldemort and his Death-Eaters, Harry and his friends at Hogwarts have other things to worry about - namely, their raging hormones.  Tempers flair as characters begin to pair off, and these various pairings provide ample comic relief from the heavy topics Harry must face daily.<br/><br/>One thing which struck me as I was reading was the sense that this is no longer a children's book - just as the readers of the series have matured over the years, so has the subject matter.  The conclusion of the book is startling and terrifying, and the themes which resonate through the book may be too mature for younger readers to grasp.<br/><br/>As the penultimate volume in Rowling's series, this book does not disappoint - it answers many questions while raising others, paving the way for the final book (now all I have to do is wait another two or three years for it!)
 Seriously. All of you naysayers are either unimaginative or wish you could write as well as JK can. This book is, in my opinion, one of, if not the best, of the whole series. I finished my copy in a record (for me, anyway) 12 hours. This is the darkest of all of the novels, and there is a considerabe tone of gloom resting over the pages from the beginning. Because of this, those parents wiht younger children should REALLY consider waiting before allowing them to read the book. But that might not be possible, because the book is SO good. There are so many questions answered, and there is never a dull moment from the first page. There were so many times where my stomach clenched in knots as I read, which just proves her brilliantly suspenseful but well thought out writing.<br/><br/>I would also highly recommend a large box of tissues, preferrable with lotion so your nose doesn't get raw, because you will cry. A LOT. At least I did.
 While I liked Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, I found myself disapointed with the book. While it was still entertaining, and I am planning on reading again as soon as I get it back off my sister, I felt that the story lacked a lot of the imagery and excitment of the other books.<br/><br/>Book 5 has so much happening in it, so many branches of the story. We get to go to new place like St Mungo's, Grimmauld Place and the Ministy of Magic. But in Book 6, we are confined to Hogwart, The Burrow and a few select places travelled to through the pensive.<br/><br/>While I generally like the time during the books spent at the Burrow, in Half-blood prince the time spent at the Weasley's house is short, uneventful and poorly described. Harry going there was not signifcant to the story, and with describing with usual magical detail it was boring and just seemed there to fill up the pages.<br/><br/>The book also gave me the feeling of being rushed. The story line with the Harry and Ginny romance was so forced. Suddenly Harry has this immense feeling love towards Ginny, but has to restrain himself for fear of rejection and fear of insulting Ron. Next thing you know Harry just kisses Ginny, in front of everybody, which doesn't really fit with Harry's personality. Generally we saw Harry a very reserved and confused about girls, unsure of himself. And as if that was rushed enough, next thing we know, Harry's so deeply attached to Ginny he fears for her safety and must end it with her. I found it completely out of character and unrealistic.<br/><br/>The storyline was very poor as well. While Tom Riddle's memories are interesting, really nothing came of them and they gave nothing to the over all plot. The ending was so rushed. They're at the Astronomy tower, Dumbledore dies, the fight is over and we get to hear about what happens before then while Harry was away second hand all in about a page or two.<br/><br/>Overall, I think while worth reading, dont get your hopes up for a book up to the standard of Book 5, or even the other books.<br/><br/>Over rated, over priced and under J K Rowlings usual standard.<br/><br/>I was disapointed and am $30 poorer.
 Delightful, Delectable, and Delicious...okay, so those aren't the 3 Ds to which the Apparations instructor referred, but they easily describe Jo Rowling's newest book.<br/><br/>While the book definitely has a serious plot, I really enjoyed the lighter moments when we looked purely at the teenage world. Even in the midst of death and danger, there was still time for hooking up, falling out, love,and laughter.<br/><br/>No spoilers here...but I will say you'll want to keep a box of Kleenex nearby towards the end.
 Of course the book was  good but I hate it when people say "I can't see you anynore or you'll get hurt" I was so excited to see Ginny and Harry get together and then everthing went to crap. I knew Rowling wasn't going to make it all happy , but gezz ,someone has died in every book, i hope in book 7 , that she at least makes the end of this one happliey ever after.<br/><br/>Harry deserves a happy ending!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I had no idea that the whole world didn't know that J.K Rowling is British and therefore the book is filled with colloquialisms such as 'pay rise' and not Americanisms i.e 'pay raise'.<br/><br/>I can't believe people are picking such non existent holes in such a well written book. I would love to see anybody write a series in this modern era with such imagination and vivacity and be able to garner such praise and such a strong fan base. People who do not enjoy the books are generally people who have decided not to and therefore subject Rowling to unnecessary scrutiny. As she has said, these books are for people who enjoy reading for pleasure and not for people, in my opinion to criticise just because the books have gathered so much publicity. She has written fantasy and she has written it exceptionally well.<br/><br/>We read to escape into a different world and Rowling's world is breath-taking and on that note I would say that she has done her job truly well.<br/><br/>The unexpected humour and brutality have been depicted perfectly and I cannot find any fault with this book.<br/><br/>Also, I am still shocked over the ending, I kept expecting it to be fake lol I cannot wait for the seventh!<br/><br/>M Uddin, England (this is the reason I have spelt words such as humour with a u)
 I have just finished balling my eyes out (which look right now as though they'll still be bloodshot a week from now).  In this state I had to do something to vent these emotions.  Why not a review?  Well, after starting to read around 2am last night through 6pm with a 2 hour nap thrown in there somewhere, then spending 6 terrible hours at work, followed by 2 more hours reading and crying, I've finished.  After reading this book, I don't think it's about whether or not I liked it.  While I have only given it one read, (as any real HP fan knows, it takes several-at least 2 or 3-to get a good grip on one of Jo's books) I don't think I'll ever be able to call HBP my favorite of the bunch.  But, this heartwrenching installment was nonetheless necessary.  One of things that stood out in this book to me was the humor in Jo's writing.  Her subtle jokes, and of course the perfectly written Dumbledore.  To my great liking, we get to see lots of Dumbledore in this one.  I wish I knew a real man who could remain calm in the worst of situations and make light of life in such a lovable way.  Dumbledore's humor shines in HBP and Jo's at the top of her game in finding ways to add humor and lightness to her increasingly darker story.  Jo also had me biting my fingernails with much more romance (and drama) than I could have ever expected.  However, this one also didn't leave me craving for more as much as the past 5.  While we all want to know how the story ends, at this point, things are just looking scary.  What with, well those of you who have read know and those who haven't will find out soon enough.  This book wasn't what I was expecting but it is Jo's unpredictability that makes the HP books so great anyway.  Just as the prophecy changed things last time, this time around we find out how Harry could successfully fulfill it.  More than anything, this one's about friendship and loyalty and these characters are feeling more and more like they are actually a part of my life.  I couldn't ask for more from a book.
 In my opinion, the half blood Prince is one of the most surprising book in the Harry Potter universe. It was a great joy to read it and it comes with astonishing plot-twists. This is definitely a must read for every fan.
 Is it just me or does anyone else feel like the whole of this story was an elaborate set up from beginning to end?  Maybe it's just wishful think on my part, but I guess we'll never really know until the end.<br/><br/>This was a good book but it follows along the lines of book 5 and just continues to get darker.  It still made me laugh at times, but at the end (once again) I was in shock and about ready to cry.  We can only hope that the final book in this series will redeem what (who) we lost in this book.  Because the final conclusions just don't feel quite right.
 J.K. Rowling did it again.  HBP will leave the reader waiting in despair for the finale, so many questions to be answered, loose ends to be tied together, will the good vs. evil prevail?  We shall see and hope that it will.  The only regret in this book is the character that Mrs. Rowling eliminated - he will be saddly missed, and i hope that his death was not in vain.
 Book 6 as most of you have already stated is basically setting the stage for book 7 and nothing more. I actually enjoyed it for what was and the information we learned about Riddle proved interesting and useful in the future book, although some have a hard time piecing together why. The death of Dunbledore in the end was of course sad but we all knew it was coming, right? Its just a shame he couldn't of died with a bit more dignity even though some claim he really isn't dead at all and this is just a plan cooked up between he and Snape.<br/><br/>I doubt Dumbledore is alive but I believe he will make some kind of contact with Harry to give advice or to remind him of something very important. Possibly words of wisdom he always spouts in times of hardship with that twinkle in his eye that lets us know there is just something Harry is forgetting and in time will remember. All the focus on relationships kind of bugged me because I'm not really a romantic and even in the end  Hermione/Ron still aren't a couple after all that bickering. Harry of course cannot have a romance because he wouldn't put someone he loves in danger.<br/><br/>The Headmaster came across like a dope when he stated his reasons for trusting Snape and nothing like the wise old wizard with have come to view him as. When I read the passage where he said his reasons for trusting Snape I was left wide eyed and unbelieving. I pictured his reasons being something along the lines of Snape secretly saved his life once or just something profound. I've always viewed Dumbledore as a human lie detector and he's always been right on target so the idea that his death was planned and that Snape has a shred of goodness in him is supported.<br/><br/>The book comes down to this : It isn't a very earth shattering rock your world installment of the series but it contains very important information pertaining to book 7. If your interested in continuing the journey you must read book 6 or you might be a tad clueless when some terms/memories are mentioned in passing that we were suppose to lean in installment 6. I also believe book 7 needs to be one heck of conclusion to the Harry Potter series for it to go out on top and not with a thud.<br/><br/>Note : Some hate the way that book six came to an end but it ended the only way it could have in my opinion. It laid grounds for book 7 to begin and came together nicely in the end. J.K. couldn't let Harry bound off into another adventure in closing. I mean imagine harry running across the name that RAB stands for in the end of the Half Blood Prince...he's just about to open the book or hear Hermione say the name of the person when..THE END..no more until 7. I would be very pissed if something like that happened so I'm content with the closing of book 6.
 It’s Harry Potter, need I say more??
 As usual the Harry Potter series does not disappoint. This book is however one of the most emotional of the series and if you are a dedicated fan will probably cause more than a few tears.
 Amazing writing from an amazing author. Heartfelt moments and crushing scenes of despair. Gotta love JK Rowling and her universe.
 So close to the movie, but better. Riveting, kept me up to finish the chapter many nights.  Looking forward to seven
 Those who think JK Rowlings 6th book doesn't live up to it predecessors are sadly mistaken. This is a book where threads of mystery angst and romance are woven into something that beyond brilliant. It is clearly one of the better books in the series...if not the best!<br/>Younger readers may find some of the story quite tedious but that because it is slightly complex and even I had some slight trouble, however many questions will be answered in this book and for those relationship shippers out there, many of you like me will be completely satisfied with the couples in the book!
 I am a confirmed Harry Potter fan.  I've purchased all the books and reread most of them.  Since I teach Special Ed at the high school level, I've found that my students  enjoy Harry Potter.  I can actually get them to read the Potter books and "get into them."<br/><br/>I enjoyed this book up until the end.  The ending felt artificial and totally unnecessary.  Without spoiling the book for anyone, the death of this character didn't add up to how the character is portrayed in the previous books.<br/><br/>Also, I have a feeling Rowling wants to extend Harry Potter beyond the seven books once promised.  She seems to be sending Harry on an extended quest to pursue Voldemort for maybe ten years.<br/><br/>Although I enjoyed reading about the characters I've grown to love--Harry, Ron, Hermione, the Weasleys--I felt this story was a bit contrived and not up to standard.<br/><br/>Sorry, J.K.
 As a avid reader, the Harry Potter series is a crucial element to my personal library.  This past Saturday I purchased the book at midnight.  At one a.m., I cracked open the book and started reading.  I laughed, gasped, cursed, and cried.  After finally closing the book at 8:43  Yes, I didn't go to sleep that night.], I realized that this book's only downfall is that the end seems to drag out and repeat things that we already know.<br/><br/>While I know that the first three books were relatively light reading and perfectly suitable for kids, I've found that as Harry grows older, the events he faces become scarier and darker.  After the Goblet of Fire, I wouldn't be comfortable allowing anyone under the age of fourteen read books five, six, and seven.  Young children would have trouble understanding the gravity of the situations in the books, as well as much of their vocabulary.  Children ages nine to thirteen could easily be horrified by the content in these books.
 The whole series is a can't put down marathon...this book is just as great as the others... Can't believe only one more left!
 Not as focused as sevral of the others in the series -- jumps ahead months at a time and then draws out a few events -- like the Goblet of Fire.
 In my opinion this book wasnt as good as it was supposed to be. It was very interesting and added a lot more mysteries to be solved in the next book. I liked how it explained volemort's past and his soul. I'll admit it was hard to put down but i still thought it could be better. For example the Half Blood prince isnt really important in the book besides for the fact that the prince commits the murder. Also I really disagree with the person whom JK Rowling killed. In my opinion it was the worst character possible to kill. I'd recomeend it if u r a harry potter fan such as myself it is good and interesting and it will keep you reading but it isnt as satisfying i would have hoped
 Only Potter book I hadn't read.  Continues the Potter saga and answers many questions that I had while reading The Deathly Hollows.
 Book 6 is everything I expected and more. I am more than a little irritated with the other reviewers who didn't think the book had substantial plot and devices- maybe you should read it again, and slower this time, because you folks obviously missed a lot. I really enjoyed the expansion on Malfoy's character, and Snape is just so much more deliciously evil. (What does Dumbledore know that we don't??)<br/><br/>I felt a bit let down at the end of Book 5 due to the questions about Voldemort and the prophecy, but Book 6 offers much insight into Tom Riddle and the lead-up to his transformation, along with explanations for incidents that took place in all previous books. This is just a great book that keeps the reader enthralled until the very end. Thanks Joanne- I can't wait for the next book. I am going to read HBP again, just as soon as I wrestle it from my 11 year old son.
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is most definitly worth the wait.  I stood in line at my local WalMart for ten hours to get my hands on a copy of the new book at midnight on July 16th.  The second I got home I began to read it and couldn't put it down.  I had the entire book finished by Sunday morning.<br/><br/>In the sixth book, the reader and Harry finally learn of the past of Lord Voldermort.  By looking through the memories of many wizards and magical creatures, Harry is shown why Voldermort has grown up to be the terrible wizard that he has become.  Also, we finally see how truely evil Draco Malfoy is.  Harry follows Malfoy because he believes that Malfoy has become a Death Eater.  He follows Draco around the school in hopes of finding out what kind a terrible things he is plotting.<br/><br/>This book also contains many new romantic relationships.  Harry and Ron both find girlfriends at Hogwarts.  Bill, Ron's brother, is also going to be married.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince shows where the true loyalties of Professor Snape lie.  Throughout the book, Snape is shown as a loyal friend of Dumbledor and as a proud supporter of Lord Voldermort.  In the end, Snape shows his true colors (You'll have to read the book to see which side he is truely on!).<br/><br/>Now the death of a main character has been a big topic of discussion surrounding the release.  Let's just say that its extremely sad and it will most likely bring a tear to your eye.  What's even bigger than the fact that a major character dies, is the manner in which this character is killed.  I was in disbelief as I read it, and had to re-read it about five times before I could take in what the words were saying.<br/><br/>I think that I've said enough, so to get all the details you'll just have to read the bookk for yourself.  Just a word of caution: make sure that when you're reading it you take time to really take everything in, because if miss on some of the smaller details you're just going to end up confused.  Happy Reading!!!!
 First one is Goblet of fire, but I love this part so much too. Harry at last is right, they all at last become mature, and it's just great story, even for adults
 Overall, it was very different from the other five books. J. K. Rowling linked some stuff in there from the other books that you completely forgot about.  She even brought back characters that you completely forgot about. Most authors that write series don't do that. This book was definitely a prequel for the 7th book.  I loved the fact that you didn't know what the plot was until you were 400+ pages deep into the book. And wait till you find who the half-blood prince was. That blew me away. The way Rowling wrote it up, too. I have to applaud her for that. *applause* She didn't write it up to be some big revelation; it was pretty random when you found who the half-blood prince was. As a matter of fact you kind of forgot about the half-blood prince all together until that moment when it was revealed. It was literally an "Oh s***!" moment. There's no other way to describe it.<br/><br/>This book was awesome. It was more informative than entertaining. I love it. Anybody who could turn people unto reading, anybody who cam make millions of people spend money on a book, anybody who could make people pre-order a book the minute they found out what date it was coming out, anybody who can make people stand on line for hours, just to buy a book. That person should be immortalized.  I don't care what anybody says, J.K. Rowling needs to be immortalized.
 J.K. Rowling has surpassed herself yet again with The Half-Blood Prince. This sixth installment is certainly the best yet in the series, and reaches a level that can be called no less than simply outstanding. She spares no punches, and this book (which is also definitely the darkest and most adult yet) delves deeper into the rich characters that define the series. The plot is both excellently conceived and brilliantly executed, from the opening scene to the final page, and Rowling shows the guts to be true to her world and unafraid to confront the difficult issues, as evidenced by the book's biggest suprise (which I must admit I rather expected she would need to do sooner or later). She is still true to the series' trademarks, from the beautifully woven subplots and setups, to the details and minutiae that give her world depth.<br/><br/>But don't expect the ending to be either very happy or very satisfying, as she leaves enough loose ends (I can think of at least three major unresolved issues), to keep us yearning for the conclusion.<br/><br/>Nevertheless, this is a book that both children and adults alike will enjoy, and it will undoubtedly leave all its readers to eagerly await the seventh and final book.
 Jim Dale is supberb, as usual, as the reader for J. K. Rowling's latest excursion into the fantastic world of wizardry.  The book absolutely comes alive through Jim's consistently entertaining selection of voices for the hundreds of chacters in the books.  His performance is probably as central to the success of these books as is Rowling's fertile imagination.
 Although I am not a child any more, I am a Harry Potter fan and was looking forward to HP 6 eagerly, hoping it will be better than HP 5 which was a disappointment after the tension created in HP&amp;GOP. Well, it was better than HP 5 but fell short of the first four novels.<br/><br/>The first four books were truly entertaining &amp; exciting, complete in themselves. I loved the characters, the magical world of wizards and Hogwarts. The idea - improved mainly in HP 5 - of Harry's being the equal opponent of Lord Voldemort was not very appealing to me. I liked Harry as a child, being the unconsciuos opponent of Voldemort, helped by friends, it was credible. But I do not believe in Harry's being the Chosen One. Come on JKR, Dumbledore is supposedly the greatest wizard and U want to make me beleive an unexperienced kid alone, however talented, can do what a whole bunch of trained wizards couldn't? Not logical.<br/><br/>Honestly, I can't really like this Harry any more, he is getting boring, tiresome and irritating. In HP 5 the other characters -Fred &amp; George, Ron, Hermione - made the book more bearable to me, but in 6 everybody seems to lack dimensions - except Voldemort, who seems to be gaining on everything, making the "good side" seem helpless and ridiculous even -and those features which were their own up to book 5.<br/><br/>I don't believe that Snape truly sided with Voldemort and I think/hope that he will play a crucial role in volume 7. I think Rowling wanted to emphasize this role even more by explaining (again, oh, noo!)how much Harry hates him, but it is getting tiresome nevertheless.<br/><br/>And Harry as a "lonley cowboy-hero", carrying all the world's problems on his shoulders, avoiding friends and girlfriend because he's afraid they'll get hurt ... it is a ridiculous and worn-out cliché that might have done credit to Clint Eastwood or Bruce Willis, but he is a 16-year-old kid for God's sake!<br/><br/>I have a feeling that whatever the end of book 7 will be I am not going to like it.
 I'm one of those people that thinks of the Harry Potter series as more alive than just books. Sure, they're not as well-written as The Lord of the Rings or the Chronicles of Narnia... but they make up for it in plot, in setting, in character.<br/><br/>At once, the best thing that happened in this book was that Harry finally shouldered the weight he had been shouting about constantly in book 5. He made the transition, at last, from boy to man: and it was sad but expected. He is, after all, Harry Potter. He finally outgrew mourning his parents, complaining his fate, and withdrawing from society. It is one of the best scenes in the book, I think, when he used memories of his parents' deaths to get the memory from Slughorn. The way he said, quite calmly, "I am the chosen one," was unnerving, but sort of what we'd been waiting for all along. It was like Aragorn taking up the crown of Gondor at last.<br/><br/>Also, too, I liked the romances that finally bloomed: For me it was antagonizing to watch Ron and Hermione never quite make a move on their feelings for the past two books, and so it was nice to have that out in the open. I did think that Harry's crush on Ginny, though expected, was a bit spurred.<br/><br/>I liked the way Dumbledore seemed mortal in this one (more ways than one). It was sad, it was terrible, for him to die ... but seeing the strongest wizard in the world be killed, pleading, weak and defenseless, was somehow much more powerful than watching Dumbledore die on his feet. The Snape thing was a bit bemusing, though. Ah well. Let us add his true loyalties to a list of questions we want answered in book 7. Have all of you forgotten Dumbledore's look of triumph at the end of book 4? I want that explained, if nothing else.<br/><br/>The beauty of this book, for me, was the tears shed. Harry cried or came close to it at least three times, and Dumbledore as well. The girls, of course, cried -- but to cap it all, Draco Malfoy! Somehow, when writers can pull off crying, repeatedly, without making it seem sappy, you know either the writer or the story, or both, have really got something.<br/><br/>The funny thing is, I'm not looking forward to the 7th book at all. I don't want this series to end. As much as I want to read the climax between Harry and Voldemort, as much as I want to learn answers to all my questions, I'd rather postpone that time for years than read HP7 in one flash of ecstaty that will last for perhaps ten hours. Then, I will have read every single Harry Potter book, and they'll return to my shelf, to sit, and be forgotten, as all the secrets that today I am yearning to know will be disclosed, and thus will cease to matter. All the fansites on the Internet will, one by one, go dead ... the last of the HP movies will be made ... and people will go back to playing Nintendo and watching TV.<br/><br/>Oh, this glorious age, the decades that will be always remembered for a time when young people read! The day the 7th book of Harry Potter is released will be the mark of the end of Camelot, and will be met, by one poor fan at least, with tears.
 J.K. Rowling knows her audience.  She also knows that we appreciate good yarns, good guessing games and clever swipes at the reality that we all inhabit, when we're not reading Harry Potter stories.  As a novel, Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince has a few literary boulders that have to be carefully negotiated.  First, our young heroes have matured a lot so while this is a series aimed at younger readers, negotiating some of the finer points of mid-adolescence, creates a few challenges.  Second, we all know that this is the next to last book in a planned series of seven.  Consequently much of what happens feels like Act II, Scene Last, with all sorts of subplots and characters appearing(ala Charles Dickens)quite frankly only to run hither and thither and yond toward the last volume.  Third, things do feel a might forced, not unlike all the reprises that show up in a musical theatrical before the "big finale".<br/><br/>What works, is that as much as we have come to know and love the Hogwarts cast of characters, Rowling doesn't treat any of them with much in the way of reverence.  If someone's presence doesn't really advance the story, they're mentioned and things move on.  And, if a character of any significance needs to be deepened or challenged in some way, then they are sketched out in a bit more detail.<br/><br/>The Half-Blood Prince is darker than most of the other novels with the exception of the Book Three: The Prisoner of Azkhaban.  The wizarding world has shadows not unlike those that have shaped ordinary reality in the past few years.  But in that world, as in "reality", boys and girls grow up, go to school, get emotionally entangled, play at sports and learn both hard and heartful life lessons, with any luck under the tutelage of wise adults.<br/><br/>Rowling succeeds in creating a good book for reading all of a piece on a long weekend, a chapter a night at sleep away camp, or as much or as little as you like given your time constraints.<br/><br/>All and all, this book felt like my junior years in high and in college: exciting yes, but clearly with the anticipation and angst of finally moving on to the finish line getting in the way.  My suggestion: after your first fast read of this volume, slowly, deliberately, pacing yourself -- read all of the other volumes, in order and then reread Volume 6.  By the time you should finish, I will be ahead of you in line at the bookstore awaiting Volume 7.
 Suspense, excitement and spectacular story telling make this my favorite book in the series. Could not stop turning the last 170 pages and I could not believe what I was reading. Certainly makes the wait for the final book even more difficult. Good news is, this one is so good that it can be read over again to pass the time between the next book and new movies!
 My fourth grader loves it!
 My son and I commute into the city Monday thru Friday.  Our commute can last anywhere between 40-60 minutes each way.  I bought the audio version of Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, for my son who is eight years old, to amuse him on the way to and from school.  The experience we shared for the last few weeks were immeasurable.  He and I discussed the characters and analyzed the plot when we were home in the evenings.  The narrator Jim Dale is so awesome!  Having read all the books myself, there is no way I could come up with all those voices.  Lastly, in an age when children would rather watch T.V., play video games or go see a Harry Potter movie, this audio book helped my son realize that adventures are in books too.
 My daughters have purchased all of the books in this series and enjoy them so much my youngest reads them over and over. They both resite the lines of the movies as well. Now my youngest says she is looking for something different to read like the classics and once again inspired by J. K. Rowlings she has just purchased "Jane Eyre", "Withering Heights", "Persuasion" and "Pride &amp; Prejudice" which the last two are by Jane Austen, J. K. Rowlings favorite author. My youngest daughter is 25. Us writers do enjoy being passed around. Please feel free to review my profile.<br/><br/>Paul Maddams
 The beginning opens like a very brief introduction to the chaos ensuing around and in the Muggle world as the two worlds clash in a battle of good versus evil. The Prime Minister of Britain has a lot on his mind with the odd occurrences happening in the country which he has no idea of why and what is going on. The recently sacked ex-Minister for Magic, Cornelius Fudge, arrives at the PM's office to let him in on the grave return of Lord Voldemort, that the wizarding world is at war, and introduce him to the newly appointed Minister, Rufus Scrimgeour. Thus, setting up the podium as to what will be a rather engrossing story filled with the injections of Rowling's wit, humour, and warm style of pulling in her readers to come on another fantastic ride through Harry Potter's world.<br/><br/>From then on, the story takes on a very grim, mysterious, and sometimes slightly poignant tone as little bits and pieces of important information are revealed about known and briefly mentioned characters in the previous five books. New characters are introduced and the new Minister for Magic adds a forbidding atmosphere to Harry's life as politics become entwined with Harry's fate as the wizarding world now knows about Voldemort's return and rumours about Harry being the "Chosen One" to bring him down circulates rapidly.<br/><br/>Harry and his friends have passed the transition from being preteen adolescents to mature and thinking older teens now. Everything they do reflects their age appropriately as teenagers in our world do as well. Older teens from 16 year olds on will get to relate and connect more with the students in their Sixth Year at Hogwarts as they experience love, amorous encounters, jealousy, spite and a tinge of foul-mouthed outbursts, as such that most of us can reason with. The younger sets of readers will most probably find the book getting a little too dark and grim for their own liking and even get bored with the relatively slow pacing though injected with peaks and suspense in successive points as the story progresses.<br/><br/>The most improved parts of the book is probably the toned down Harry as he learns to control his anger and rage as compared to the previously angsty teen in OOTP. He becomes a lot more composed and realises that he must take up the role as a leader of sorts again. He gets to understand a lot more about Tom Riddle and the readers will probably get quite empathetic with the young Tom and his past life leading up to when he became You-Know-Who. The answer as to why Voldemort didn't die when he attempted to kill Harry as a one year old will be revealed as well. For this reader, I absolutely love that little scene between Harry and Draco in the train where the darker side of the latter is revealed which will lead to an explosion of sorts as a revelation, or two, is unveiled in the final chapters of the book. There are several violent and shocking scenes punctuated variedly in the book which introduces the readers to a very much older group of students who must in the end take on the challenges of dealing with a departed and beloved character, a confused and malevolent young man who is torn between what he must and can't do, and the oncoming onslaught of many more attacks and deaths among wizards and witches alike in the future. This book should come with a PG-14 warning label as some material is not suitable for children. Even I, a 19 year old, was shocked and appalled at some parts of the story, though well intended to push the story up an ante.<br/><br/>The subdued pacing of the story with less action sequences will disappoint some fans but the mystery and intense suspense build-up to the titillating climax of an ultimate betrayal of trust between two major characters is enough to wet one's appetite for what's coming in part two in the grand saga of a rather "final story told in two separate books". The sombre cliffhanger will leave you distraught and clamouring for more as no one can accurately predict what's going to happen next and what Harry must face in the coming chapters of his turbulent encounter with evil.<br/><br/>The book is filled with scenes that we can relate to in our current situation as well. Security measures, attacks on students and an infiltration of security breaches at Hogwarts ring with familiarity with the recent terrorist events in the world. Purposefully or not, we can all agree that what the two worlds have in common is that "united we stand, divided we fall". As with JK's books, there are allusions relating to the past five books that make all the more sense with the reading of the sixth. A tantalising and inevitable recurrent scene in most hero themed stories will strike a proverbial chord in readers towards the conclusion of the book. As we wait patiently (and some impatiently) for Book Seven to be released, I'm happily contented with the reading of Book Six (and even more so with several more re-readings) as most questions have been answered and some begging to be concluded very soon. Let the speculation and theories abound regarding R.A.B.
 The penultimate book in the series, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, is as wonderful as its predecessors.  It's filled with the same magical adventures and mystical wizardry effects, like the "pensieve" that delves deep into one's memory, and teenage romances, where Harry finally succumbs to love and Ron is on his way to be next in line.  This new book also references the current times, or even England's history of IRA attacks, with security checks and bouts of terrorist acts.  Without spoiling the ending, this book delves into Voldemort's past and identifies the events that caused him to embark on a path of evil.  Another key matter is the finding and destruction of the six horcruxes (secret hiding places for Voldemort's soul; Voldemort is though to have desecrated his soul by splitting it into seven parts, six parts outside of himself.  Destruction of Voldemort can only come after the destruction of all other parts of his soul.  The first horcrux was thought to reside in Tom Riddle's diary; the second in is his grandfather Marvolo's ring; the third in the Syltherin Locket (Voldemort's mother was from a long line of Slytherins).  The remaining suspected hiding places (Hufflepuff Cup; something from Gryffinder (maybe the sword hanging in Dumbledore's office - or the Phoenix? Dumbledore?); something from Ravenclaw; and a snake) will have to be uncovered in the final installment.<br/><br/>As with previous books, things are not always what they seem.  One surprise is that Harry's nemesis, Draco Malfoy, seems to become humanized by his incapacity to perform an evil deed thrust on him by an evil blackmailer.  Might Draco team up with Harry, since both of them have been subjected to Voldemort's wrath against their parents?  Also, Voldemort's true identify as a Mudblood (muggle father) might inspire others to turn against him since his followers, the death eaters, HATE the muggle-borns.  Doesn't bode well for Tom Riddle.<br/><br/>The book also creates uncertainty about Snape's allegiances -is he a double agent for the Order of the Phoenix (Dumbledore) or the Death Eaters and Lord Voldemort?  What is Snape's inexplicable tie to Dumbledore?  Dumbledore seems to be in many different places at a time and is beyond his years - maybe he isn't really who he seems.  What is his connection to his Phoenix Fawkes (the phoenix is his animalgus)?  Maybe the physical Dumbledore is only a ghost and the Phoenix Fawkes is the real Dumbledore?  Snape was a master of Potions, is he supplying Dumbledore with a potion that keeps him alive or gives him some extraordinary powers?<br/><br/>While this book continues the theme of the conflict between good and evil and an imminent apocalypse, the prophecy "neither one can live while the other survives," may have been mistakenly interpreted as being meant for Harry, when it might really be meant for Dumbledore or even Draco.<br/><br/>These, as well as other questions, leave one anticipating the possible endings for the series.<br/>Dumbledore tells Harry "you are protected by your ability to love," which leaves the reader to hope that in the end, Harry's ability to love will prevail over Voldemort's evil.  This theme seems analogous to A Wrinkle in Time, where evil is personified as IT (a disembodied brain that controls a repressed society) and IT's inability to love becomes the source of its own downfall.
 I just finished reading the latest installment in the Harry Potter series by J.K. Rowling. I liked it better than the last book for a number of reasons. It was shorter than the last book, at 652 pages and 30 chapters. A satisfying length. Also, the book is not all full of dark events. In this book, they happen at the very end.<br/><br/>However, this book does not advance Harry very far, as he really does not make any big accomplishments in this book. I feel that this book is just a bridge between books 5 and 7. However, I enjoyed reading this book a lot more than the previous book.<br/><br/>I should say that another major character dies in this book. The death of this character really darkens the mood of the ending of the book.
 I really like how the story evolves the relationships of the characters from the previous books.  One aspect that prevented me from putting 5 stars is that I would have liked a little more description overall of the various challenges the characters face and the environments they are in.
 J.K. is back in fighting form!  I was a bit disappointed with Book 5, I didn't find it to be as exciting and engrossing as its predecessors... but Book 6 more than makes up for it.  It was just enthralling, couldn't put it down!  And the ending will just leave you stunned and breathless.<br/><br/>Thank you J.K., for bringing us Harry Potter.  It gives us a respite from a world that is not so bright, and makes us believe again, as we did when we were young and innocent, that good can triumph over evil IF we remain strong and steadfast. :)
 the reason I gave harry potter and the deathly Hallows 5 stars is because it has so many details and it is also a really assume book
 ** I loved this book. It was funnier than other Potter books, and you could tell that Harry, Ron, and Hermione aren't little kids anymore. They're 16 and 17, and they're acting like it with romance, emotions, etc. JKR's ability to successfully transition her 3 main characters from happy-go-lucky kids in a magic school to confused teenagers in the midst of a war showcases her true talent, and it is there that the true magic of this book lies. **
 Sigh, okay so this book is amzing, it's incredible funny buy sooo tragic. The first time I read it (so many years ago, I finished it in denial, I just couldn't believe that Snape would.... well you know... do what he did.<br/>I loved the fact that we get to learn more about Voldemort and his past and the steps he is willing to take to make himself immortal.<br/>We also see the returning of an old character who brings us a surprise and a tragic ending once more.
 JK Rowling hasn't lost her touch, because this book is really great and very interesting. Its large enough for three days reading and it keeps you aware and wanting to know whats going to happen next, which is a characteristic of all Harry Potter books. This book brings the readers of Harry Potter some very big and nasty surprises such as the death of a character that we never believed that could die one day. This book problably doesnt reaches the greatness of The Goblet of Fire or even the Order of the Phoenix, but it is really worth reading.
 I loved this book so much and the page turning was perfect. Would read every book here again.<br/>Loved it!
 No spoilers here!<br/><br/>J.K. Rowling has remembered that we like fantasy and action better than school stories.  She give us less details about homework and classes, unless it directly relates to the plot.  In fact, there is very little in this book that doesn't directly tie into the main plot.<br/><br/>She also remembers that we love relationships, and this book develops several relationships to a new levels - and not just in the much talked about kissy-face scenes.  Most especially Harry's relationship with Dumbledore is very touching.<br/><br/>Several characters go from being two-dimensional stock figures to more developed and interesting people - particularly the bad guys.  In recent books, Draco Malfoy had become an almost comic parody of the mean bully.  In this book he is more complex, more powerful, and scarier than ever.  Other villians who are more fleshed out are Snape and Voldemort.  The more we know about them, the more creepy they become.<br/><br/>Not a book for elementary age children, but teenagers and adults who like well-told fantasy adventures will enjoy it.
 I'm an old lady and this is the 4th or 6th time I've read the series and I still love it.
 The complaints of those who don't like this book -- I won't repeat all of them here, but you can find them easily enough -- remind me of how disappointed some Star Wars fans were at the prequels.  I think that rabid SW or HP fans work themselves up into such a tizzy of speculation and anticipation, with the result that the next film or book cannot fail to let them down.<br/><br/>Some reviewers claim that the characters in HBP are inconsistent.  Well, they are growing up;  I think we'd find it odd if nothing about them changed from book to book.  They make mistakes, from which they sometimes learn, and sometimes don't.  How many of us are consistent from day to day, let alone hour to hour?  At any rate, I found no character to be unrecognizable or untrue to himself or herself.<br/><br/>Others say that the book is too concerned with exposition.  I can see where they're coming from:  JKR has many questions to answer about Voldemort's past in this book, which often translates into narratives from Dumbledore.  However, having our beloved Headmaster talk with Harry isn't necessarily a bad thing, given how he got the silent treatment for most of the previous volume.  More to the point, I think the old fallacy of "showing versus telling" is rearing its ugly head in some reviews, as if telling were always inferior to showing.  It's just not true.  Besides, JKR surely knows the difference, since she makes wonderful use of the Pensieve -- the ultimate showing device -- in this book.  Oh, and those opening chapters, which occur outside Harry's point-of-view:  There is a precedent in GOF, which begins at the Riddle house.  The fact that there are two such opening chapters now shows us (shows!) that the situation is dire all over, not just in Harry's little world.<br/><br/>***SPOILER ALERT***<br/><br/>Finally, many have claimed that the major death in this book is unneccessary.  I disagree.  It had to happen for Harry to come of age.  In fact, it had to happen for the entire series to come of age.  The HP books, and book six is no exception, are extremely formulaic -- again, not always a bad thing.  Much of the speculation about HBP was abetted by the fact each book chronicles a year in Harry's life, with its regular rhythms and movements:  Dursleys, Train, Opening Feast, Classes, Christmas, Quidditch, Conflict, End of Term, and so forth.  Granted, the rhythms vary from book to book, but by now they are familiar and predictable.  At the end of HBP, the cycle has been more or less disrupted for good -- most, if not all, bets are off as to what year seven will look like.<br/><br/>*** END SPOILER ***<br/><br/>In short, I found HBP one of the strongest entries in the entire series.  It is both a delightful continuation, as well as an astonishing reinvention.  It was well worth the wait.
 Being among those however many thousand other Harry Potter fans, I really wanted to like this book.  As a matter of fact, up until about page 300 I still felt as though I were holding my breath waiting for the story to pick up the pace....it just never did.<br/><br/>The Half-Blood Prince may as well be a side note in the story line.  Other than giving Harry the ability to cheat in his Potions class, he plays no other part.  His unveiling at the end was nothing to get excited over, either, since it didn't amount to much anyway.<br/><br/>Harry, Ron and Hermione are obviously maturing, and their emotions and attitudes have changed in accordance with that.  The problem is that they are never put into any extraordinary situations nor given any significant hurdles to jump that might have helped them to be more interesting and less two dimensional.<br/><br/>The last 100 pages or so give us a bit of the old J.K. Rowling magic.  I finally started to enjoy the story and look forward to finding out what happens next instead of trudging through the pages so I could get it over with.  Even though I was devastated by the death of a much loved character, it was necessary to enable Harry to evolve into the kick-butt wizard I'm sure he'll be in the final book.<br/><br/>As many of the previous reviews mention, book six is really just a prelude to the final installment and doesn't do much in and of itself to add to the Harry Potter series.  It might be best to wait until the last book is released before reading this one.  That way you can jump right into the finale and not spend too much time being disappointed in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
 Like others, I am caught in JK Rowling's web and am helpless. I really enjoyed this book and have read it twice to date. What and where are the rest of the horcrux's? Is Harry a horcrux himself, his ability to speak snake language and his scar, the evidence? Does Neville Longbottom have a heroic destiny? Will the time-turner feature in book 7, or perhaps the poly-juice potion? Is the greatest wizard of all time REALLY dead? Lots of intriguing possibilities. The problem is that I am forced to endure an incredible cliff hanger for as long as it takes the last book to come to market. I know that when book 7 comes out, these questions will be answered, but until then...Argh!!!
 First of all I would like to respond to the reviewer who stated that the book tells people that evil will triumph over good.<br/><br/>Did you actually read the last two chapters, becuase despite of the tremendous losses that the Order sustains (No spoilers here kids, read the book)they will continue to struggle on.<br/><br/>It is a dark chapter for Harry and all of the people whom he loves and care about.  It also contains some of the long anticipated events that fans were drooling to find out.<br/><br/>By the time you find out who the half blood prince is, Rowling has set up some incredible events to happen in book 7, in addition of a major cliffhanger that will have fans clamoring for the next book the instant they finish book 6.<br/><br/>Its a tighter, better, faster-paced book than Order of the Phoenix, which somtimes suffered from its abundance of detail and plots.<br/><br/>Any Harry Potter fan, of any age will NOT be disappointed!
 When the first book came out i read the first few chapters and thought it was really boring, so i didn't read the rest. In July, number six was released and all my friends were talking about it. I got home and immediately started reading the book. It took me a week to read numbers 1-4, and i thought the Goblet of Fire was the best. I holidayed in the south of France this year, and i took the 5th and 6th books with me. In the space of four days i read both books. The Half Blood Prince is the best book i have ever read and i would recommend it to anyone who likes reading. I cried my eyes out when that certain person died (I don't want to ruin it!) and even more at the end of the book. I cannot wait 2 years for the 7th book and I hope Harry survives. I know JK Rowling said she would write seven, i really want her to write more so we can find out what happens to Harry and his friends later in their lives. JK truly has changed my world and my outlook on life!!!
 From beginning to end this is one of my favorites in the series!  Some many things change in the world from the first few pages until the last!  After this book you know the world has reached a dark chapter and the final struggle will take everyone.  I just love this book!!!
 Someone commented on how sloppy the grammar was in this book. Just to clarify, the use, or perceived overuse, of a semi-colon is not poor grammar. Perhaps it is poor punctuation, but punctuation and grammar are very different things. In response to the grammar of the book, it was not harsh enough to slow down the pace of my read. I read "To The Lighthouse" by Virginia Woolf, directly before this book, and Woolf's unorthodox grammar, especially her overload of important modifiers in single sentences, produced far more problems and tripped me more than Rowling's fairly simple, straightforward style.<br/><br/>As for the book, it was wonderfully done. Rowling did not start out as a distinguished writer. She has always been a great mind, a great inventor, but her writing was very weak throughout the first three books (which, from what I understand, were all written before she was published, and she just edited them slightly before releasing them in order.)By the fourth book, her grammar had improved and her structure had become more complicated, but she was still too safe. She took no risks, and wrote almost formulaically, but her ideas were so brilliant that few noticed.<br/><br/>In the fifth book, she finally started to develop her characters in non-stereotypical, believable ways, and the result was, in my opinion, chatastrophically bad. Harry was turned into some PMSing bitch slapper. It was as if Rowling were banking on the stereotype of the angst filled early teenager, and running as far as she could with it. Further, I did not believe a second of the Harry/Cho relationship. It was boring, impossibly fake, and just cheap feeling. Rowling had to learn that trying actually to create character and describe personality is admirable, but that stereotyping does no good.<br/><br/>She succeeded decently in this book. I supremely dislike the metaphor of the hungry animal in Harry's stomach, or something of that sort, that pops up whenever Harry thinks of Ginny, but, otherwise, the characters act as I would imagine them to. The writing style is varied, clean (unless you are a semi-colon hater like the person from Illinois,) and non-distracting, just as it should be for an action book (one of the reasons Lord of the Rings is thoroughly unenjoyable to me is that Tolken's writing style is more suited to a high class social commentary of the ilk of Woolf or Austen than to the supposedly fast paced action novel he sought.) The plot is flawlessly laid out, and there are many details that are hard to notice fully, leaving one bound to read through again (I assume everyone noticed that Trelawny predicted some mark on the tower with her cards, and then said "that can't be right," just as she does with all of her other accurate predictions throughout the series.)<br/><br/>If I were more thoroughly rested, I could write with greater meaning and clarity, and for this want I apologize. In short, the book was excellent for what it is, though I still would not warrant its place in the halls of great works of literature, or in the English classroom. However, that is what Rowling desperately wants, and I anticipate her achieving this with her seventh book.
 While the book was well written.. it did not seem to have a very thick plot. It was not multi-layered and filled with abrupt surprises as the old books.<br/><br/>This one actually proved fairly predictable. The beginning with a few added details point straight to the ending. I suppose it will provide a dark and exciting novel for its target audience. But the original fans are obviously growing older and reading comprehension  developing further, so I would expect Rowling to remain more ambiguous, but I suppose she is saving that for the final novel.<br/><br/>I will not deny the book is entertaining and serves it purpose, it does set up the 7th book for a dark and adventurous finale. However, its approach to its conclusions were too direct and numerous.
 I have been a fan  of the series for at least 5 years.  Thats why when I reread book five before i picked up book six.  Perhaps this doomed me to be disappointed in this book.  Rowling went from a premier storyteller of a series in which both children and adults can enjoy, to a dark, unhappy tale in which the storyline is riddled with our favorite characters becoming strangers to us.<br/><br/>  In the previous books, we have always taken something from the book that feels good.  In this book, however, we are left feeling that the entire book followed a line that takes a depressing fall.  The main problem is with the characters, and here I shall explain.<br/><br/>  *TEASER ALERT*<br/><br/>  Harry Potter-  Harry, who we have seen go through teenage temperament in the past, takes this line into a whole new level.  He is a whiny, self-centered prat who thinks he knows everything.  His reactions to a crush on Ginny are so overblown that his character becomes a lunatic.  Everything he percieves becomes a law and anyone else's interpretation is taken as a joke.  Rowling has failed to make his characters more mature, in fact, they seemed more mature when they were First Years, especially Harry.<br/><br/>  Ron Weasley-  Ron, who we already knew was a wimp when it comes to confrontations, continues this personality trait in a manner worthy of a five year old.  Despite all of his experience from last year's quidditch, this year he acts the same way again.  He gets into an argument with Hermoine, who he likes, and then becomes boyfriend to Lavender. Seriously Rowling, this is PATHETIC.<br/><br/>  Hermoine-  Now, the biggest character mistake of all, Hermoine, who has been shown as the wisest of all the sixth years  and the only logical one of the big 3, becomes a hermonal, wimpering idiot and tries to make Ron jealous of her.  I mean come on, her actions border on the edge of maniacal, and this is supposed to be a kids story..?<br/><br/>  Dumbledore-  Dumbledore's fallacy of believing too deeply in Snape is so stupid...  Maybe Snape was given orders by Dumbledore to kill him if it came down to it, but honestly, Dumbledore should have dropped hints to Harry if this was the case because Harry is more like to kill Snape than listen to him.  Dumbledore drinks poison at the end of the book just to get one of the Horcruxes, oh wait, he didnt even get it!  Stupid? Yeah. So much for being the most powerful (good) wizard and top mind in the world.  You would think that he would realize that Harry stands a better chance if he was at Harry's side.  Oh yeah, and Dumbledore allows Malfoy to stay in the school after almost killing two students.  Then, when Malfoy is threatening him, Dumbledore does nothing to stop Malfoy.  Come on, show realistic reactions for once Rowling.<br/><br/>  That being said, you cannot take one single positive thing away from this book, it is entirely submerged in a terrible, depressing, and evil storyline.  Maybe i should make "rude gestures' all the time to show that im a teenager.  Wow, Rowling, that shows some expert writing skills right there... you really show these kids to be toddlers when you should be showing them as seventeen years old.<br/><br/>  Perhaps it is the fact that, being a seven book series, Rowling lacks the skill and storyline to create a workable piece of literature.  Despite the difference in age of the students, they act the same that they have the entire series: reckless and immature.  Oh, and a 'Lucky Potion'...WOW! WHAT A RETARDED IDEA!  If that is the best way you can forward your storyline, which I know it isn't, you should not be writing.  Please, I beg you JKR, return us to that awesome  story you have written over the previous five books...<br/><br/>  The more I think about it, the more I figure that this book was terrible.  Unfortunately, I hate leaving things unfinished so  I will pick up the seventh book.  I give 2 stars simply because I hold out hope that the series will end in a blaze of glory.
 I'll admit I wasn't one of those people who laid awake at night six monthes prior to this book coming out, however once I strated reading I did lay awake at night, unable to put the book down until i finished it in about two days. The fact is I love the series as much as the next reader, but I was wondering if perhaps I had outgrown the series (now being 18) but I am happy to note that just as Rowling claimed, the series has continued to mature as it's characters grow, making this truly excellent literature for any age. I reread the fifth book before starting the Half-Blood Prince (Which I recomend if it's been awile since you read it), I really enjoyed the order of the Phoneix much more than I did the first time. But now for the Half Blood Prince...<br/><br/>Let me first say that I really enjoyed this read. However, the story does lag at times. Every now and then you'll come across a chapter, that will make you wonder, "what was the point of that passage, it didn't really do or tell me anything new?" Nevertheless, those passages will go by quick, since you'll be reading through this book in a frenzy, and will quickly bypass the boring and inconsequential.<br/><br/>  Several times, info or facts that are given never go anywhere or are apparently pointless. For instance half way through the book Ginny insults Ron, (in one of the worst ways that a girl can possibly insult a guy) Ron stops talking to her and Ginny remains angry with him. Then a few chapters later, their suddenly talking again like everything's normal. Ron and Ginny's argument is never given closure even though it is used to advance a major portion of the plot...<br/><br/>  Despite some laggage and annoying things like the before mentioned, I gave this book five stars. When a book creates strong, real emotions in it's reader, it's a damn good book, period. Whatever issues I had with little things (Like Harry's annoying obsession of Malfoy, which is neccessarry but still very annoying) This book creates strong emotions; I felt anger, anxiety, and sadness to the extreme reading this. I know some readers will take issue with how some parts of the plot and subplot(s) are resolved, but I think Rowling does a good job at keeping the reader guessing, and is able to pull off the surprising sometimes shocking conclusions to these plots and sub-plots.<br/><br/>  This book has alot going on, a lot of love stories set in the backdrop of a war which is going disastorusly, lots of death with occasionally hope and happiness thrown in. A truly great book which can only be appreaciated to the fullest if you read the rest of the series.
 I just finished the Half Blood Prince, and I must say that I have found certain aspects of the story to be rather inconsistent.  The original owner of Harry's potions book is revealed towards the end of the story, yet the curses he created were never used against his enemies?  Especially the ones he clearly despised the most?  Also, the fact that Snape had Dumbledore's trust without question was clearly a major weakness in the story, as there was not sufficient backstory provided to demonstrate why Dumbledore trusted him despite his blemished past.  Sorry Ms. Rowling, but that is just too much suspension of disbelief to ask from this reader.
 Wow another excellent offering from the queen of YA fiction.  The newest Harry Potter ties up several loose ends and opens many more.  While this is not my favorite (I seem to prefer the odd numbered ones) it does a great job of carrying the overall story forward.<br/><br/>Ms Rowling gives us a lot of history about Tom Riddle, (more than I cared about actually), shows us some characters true colors and keeps the reader guessing until the very end.  While there are several deaths of minor characters and one major one, nothing really surprised me, in this installment.  I did not feel a lot truly happened over a years time (what is Voldemort up to?), all of the major changes/revelations occurred in the last week.<br/><br/>Still can't wait for number seven, although now I am less sure it has to be the last one.
 In a riveting story, JK Rowling answers a few questions, reveals a few new items, and leaves us with a few Riddle, pardon the pun.<br/>This book is great. It makes for an exciting new instalment and a very enjoyable read. It really delivers.<br/>It all starts up with a meeting between a few ministers, follows into a Death Eaters' Manor, continues with Dumbledore delivering Harry to the Burrows. But the start of school is pretty different this year, starting with book shopping, the train ride and the handing out of the time chart.<br/>Harry really feels like 16 years old in this book. Gone are the sulkiness, angst and morosity of the last book. He's now more self assured, determined. A new boldness and sense of self has come out of his last confrontation with You-Know-Who.<br/>Ron and Hermione are back at it again. But as Dumbledore said, love is a very powerful weapon, as a lot of Weasleys are bound to discover this year.<br/>If you haven't jumped onboard, this might be your ticket to Hogwarts. Just remember to push nonchalantly on the barrier between platform 9 and 10.
 It is a great good and a great read in a great series. I have to write a total of 20 words per review. I wrote 27.
 Amazing. It’s very impressive how Rowling comes through time and time again as the series progresses. I can’t wait to move forward in the series.
 Gave as a present
 Extraordinary reflections into the mind JKR.  Her writings never disappoint.  Putting the book down was all but impossible. As one reads you find yourself reading / imagining what is ahead.  An attempt to see where she is going almost forgetting to stay in the present.  Brilliant.
 This book was by far the BEST of the series. It accomplished exactly what I believe the author wanted it to accomplish, which of course is to gear the readers up for the final book. It was masterfully written, and it had me reading non stop until the very end. Yes, there was a lot of dialogue in it, but some of the things we as readers have been wondering about are revealed through it. And there was a lot more of Dumbledore, he finally begins to instruct Harry and let Harry in. We also get to really see how his mind works. I believe J.K. Rowling did a great job of giving Dumbledore demension and character. And to top it all off Rowling begins to introduce a bit of romance into the mix. All in all, if you love Harry Potter you'll love this book. I definitely hope we don't have to wait another three years for the next one!
 Whole series is great
 The latest installment in the Harry Potter series is still worth your time-- just like the rest of the novels, I couldn't put it down until I was finished.  Yet this one felt like "Harry Potter lite".  Rowling has clearly laid out all the pieces to the puzzle she wants to and so unlike previous years, very little new magic is introduced.  Rules like much stricter curfews are established early in the book so Harry and company doesn't sneak out after bedtime like they used to.  Therefore, much of the sense of adventure that normally leads you through each page is missing.<br/><br/>The biggest flaw, in my opinion, is Rowling's treatment of a character.  This character had the potential to be very interesting but Rowling chose to develop them in an all too obvious direction.  Like the fifth book, the sixth also seems to lack the "big reveal" at the end where a character's motives switch from good to evil.  The few loose ends along the way are tied up quickly once the climax is near and I never got the impression that the reader could easily deduce these resolutions on their own.<br/><br/>A few other characteristics of the book are notable.  First, the sixth installment has a whole lot of love.  The three principle characters all develop relationships (to very different extents) as well as another love story outside the group.  While not wholly bad, these relationships did very little to add to the book's content and I expect other readers' opinion of them to range from neutral to very negative.  Second, Rowling hints that the seventh book will be very different from all previous books in a rather fundamental way.  Though the change is expected to some extent, Rowling is taking a big risk by messing with the formula that got her where she is today (then again, regardless of any number of negative reviews, the seventh book will top the sales charts).<br/><br/>I would quickly like to mention that my favorite chapter is "After the Burial", which comes closest to the style that's worked so well for Rowling so far and therefore stands above the rest.  The book has other strengths, but nothing we haven't come to expect from the series.  If you've read the first five books in the series you're probably "doomed" to read the last two.  Nevertheless, there's no doubt in my mind the Harry Potter craze would not exist if this book was the standard Rowling set for herself.
 I received my copy of Harry Potter on July 16th, at 0900, and promptly began reading.  I ignored my husband and two children for the entire day.  And the wait was worth it, to be sure.  I finished on Sunday at 1100.  I was in total shock for two reasons that I can't give away since I don't want to be a spoiler.  I thought the book was incredible.  The world of Harry has become so much darker and the realism of the adult wizarding world is now so close to the trio.  To finally see the impact of Lord Voldemort on the Muggle and Wizarding world alike is a shock, but it is about time.  It makes for very interesting speculating.<br/><br/>The romance is well-timed, as it created a contrast to all of the darkness and death.  The very reason that Harry is alive today is because of the love of his mother.  The very survival of the wizarding world depends on the love of the wizards that are going to destroy Lord Voldemort and his followers.<br/><br/>On the whole, I thought this book was the best of the series, if for no other reason than so many questions were answered about Lord Voldemort and others.  I thoroughly enjoyed it and can't wait for the last book in the series.
 A good indication of a good book is that you can't put it down or stop reading even if certain things really irk you. In this case, despite the enormously frustrating imagery of "the monster inside" Harry's chest--which, incidentally, is not anger or rage--and the incessant and boring lovers' quarrel between Ron and Hermione (and others), this book is certainly a page turner and well worth the 12 hours or so to read it. There is enough intrigue to keep the interest piqued.<br/><br/>What interested me most of all is the neat way in which Rowling uses the flashback sequences to explore Voldemort's past. These scenes punctuate the somewhat droning subplot of teen romance. One ought to make allowances for the romance, especially if you are over the age of 16, for Rowling presumably wishes to make the book meaningful to the same group of young fans who started reading the book from the inception of the series.<br/><br/>One last point that has been made by others, namely, the fact that Harry seems so unexceptional. I assume that this is intentional, but I would certainly like to think that in Harry we have a young and powerful wizard, a sort of reincarnation of Dumbledore or even (gasp) Snape. But we are beginning to see that Harry doesn't seem to get much at all, that his studies at Hogwarts don't seem to sink in, and that Harry's prospects for future glory aren't so bright. Can you imagine a wizard who doesn't have the imagination of the Half-Blood Prince to create magical charms or potions on his own really being successful? When you read this book, for all of Voldemort's evil intentions, he really does come across as a fantastically gifted mind. So does Snape. So does Dumbledore. But Harry? It seems that the point of these books is that heart, courage and perserverance is all that is needed to succeed--and not natural mental gifts. Call me elitist, but I would prefer to see Harry's schoolwork show a certain je ne sais quoi  and brilliance that has really failed to surface. I simply can't see Harry being Dumbledore in 40 years time. And I'd like to think that is Harry's trajectory.
 Awesome book. Well written. Too "scary" for my 8 year old, though.
 This sixth installment in the Harry Potter series has the best of both worlds. It gives the reader some of the lightheartedness of the beginning of the series while blending seamlessly into the dark times that Harry and co. must endure before the story's conclusion.
 this book touched both my heart and my soul.......i would encourage all to read this book because it is truly perfect. The Half Blood Prince is truly the the shining glory in the harry potter series. It is unreal that a true human being could create such a story of heroism, love, and loyalty as is shown in the latest installment of the harry potter series. I found my self in tears for the first time from a book.<br/><br/>This book links all the unanswered clues and questions from the previous five books while leaving one yearning for the final book , that is hopefully soon to come.<br/><br/>BY NOT READING THIS YOU ARE TRULY ROBBING YOURSELF OF SOMETHING GREAT, something that will leave each of its readers in awe of the incredible imagination of Mrs. J.K. Rowling
 Finally. Book the sixth has made its appearance. I don't want to spoil any future readers, so I'll be general in my comments. The book is slow to get into (much like Order of the Phoenix) but when you hit the last 100 pages... wow. Harry has grown up and is taking responsibility by the horns. He's grown out of his whiny rebellious stage, and is ready to face the facts about who he is and what he must become. Love finds all of our favorite characters in many different (some expected, some unexpected) ways. I missed the characteristic humor that Fred and George brought to Hogwarts, but as the story progresses, it is obvious that darkness if hovering ever near. Now, if only the seventh book would arrive tomorrow!
 Hmm was all I could say after finishing this book.  I waited a long time to read this book and i was more than just not disappointed I was flabbergasted.  THe twists and daring turns sent my stomach on a rollercoaster angering me and delighting me just as only a few books could do.  Capturing your emotions is what Ms. Rowling does best and this book seems to strike hard at this.  Also this book drives the reader to develop an interest to learn more about every character their feelings desires and past not just about their future and when the next battle is going to happen.  The cliffhangers are so intense you will want to throw this book off a cliff and then jump after it to find out what will happen next.  Shakespeare, Dante, Poe, Tolkien, let me introduce you to my friend Ms. Rowling her I believe shes proven herself worthy of your company.<br/><br/>Happy travelling
 Why do people take it upon themselves to spoil things for other people???  I came onto the review page for Harry Potter and The Half Blood Prince to get my taste buds watering for when I collect mine on the way home from work tonight.  Thinking people would simply tell others it was great and exciting, I find people disclosing information from the book less than 24 hours after release.  Not everyone have started to read it yet, not everyone reads a 600+ page book in a day, so for all you idiots who love to spoil the fun for the rest of us - quit it.  We ALL waited 2 years for this book, not for some selfish morons to ruin it!!!!<br/><br/>***** ADDITIONAL****<br/><br/>Ok, I finally got around to writing another review after reading the book and wow - what a unexpected twist!  I loved this book because it just gets on with it and leaves more room for the plot as we no longer spend time explaining things before they arrive at the school.  I love how the characters have aged and think the last book will be both a joy and dissapointment...I say dissapointment because there will be no more to await in this series.<br/><br/>JK Rowling...you deserve the praise you receive because you have made kids acorss the world pick up books by choice and with an excitment that is just great to see.  It is nice to know not all kids nowadays just watch TV and play video games!  WELL DONE!!!
 The 6th book of the Harry Potter series is written in the same stile like the previous three books.<br/><br/>The story bonds to the book from the beginning, with less boring chapters. Like the previous books it is easily to read, also for children or not native readers.<br/><br/>The adolescent friends experience another exciting school year with the training to absolve the magical teleportation license. In the muggle world is the corresponding to the driving license. Of course they fight again against the dark side.<br/><br/>The only pity is that the author Rowling means in the last three books it is very trendy to let somebody dying it the end magical fights.<br/><br/>That is not the stile of books from the beginning, with a wonderful new world. In my opinion it destroy the story of the adolescent friends for some special rumors.<br/><br/>This chapter makes the reader very sad. I heard from some people they cried in the end of the book. This is not the best writing stile for such a book. Specialty if it is supposed for children.<br/><br/>In my opinion it should not read from too young children, older reader will enjoy it.<br/><br/>Specially the illustration of  Mary Grand Pré are very good.
 J.K. Rowling once again has given the public an amzing book.  She successfully allows the characters to grow up in a most realistic manner.  All main characters have realized that their hormones are raging, especially Ron.  The plot circles around Harry finding out the secrets of Voldemort's life while he was still Tom Riddle.  Harry, also suspects Draco Malfoy of some untrustworthy activity and takes it upon his own hands to investigate.  Another main plot-point of this book is Harry's new found skill in potions as well as interesting curses with the help of "The Half-Blood Prince".  The book moves along well and never drags.  The ending is most shocking as it ends with one of the ultimate betrayals that leaves Harry confused and alone.
 Jk Rowling as usual wrote an exciting and immersive story. Harry, Ron, and Hermione are well rounded and realistic characters about who the reader grows to care deeply.
 Wow, this book has definitely been the most emotional for me not having seen the movies. This series continues to delight and surprise me.
 When I got my book delivered right to my door Saturday morning- release day- I was ecstatic!  My husband, however, had plans for the day so I only got to read through chapter 6 the whole day!!  Don't worry, I finished it Sunday afternoon.  It was GREAT!  It was way less stressful than the last 2 because I hate it when people don't believe me when I tell the truth- that's like all books 4 and 5 were- people disbelieving Harry.  Anyway, What you expect to happen, happens- but don't fret yet.  i can't anyway.  I keep feeling that things are not always what they seem when it comes to tradgedy.  anyway, I LOVE this series and I'm almost 30!
 I loooooved this book. Oof. Just reading this series for the first time and man am I happy about it!
 I enjoyed this book much more than the last two. It seemed somehow closer to the first two books. Stephen King writes about stories being alive for him as he writes. That was the impression I had about this book. The last couple seemed "forced", as if the author had to work at them to make them complete. This one flowed and felt natural as I read it.<br/><br/>I was interested to see Hermione frustrated by matters academic and Harrys' successes with the Half-Blood Princes' help.<br/><br/>As always, I look forward to the next.
 I love the "Harry Potter" book series by J.K. Rowling,and this is the saddest,but still best,book so far.It seems the first 5 books were just details and begginings,and the REAL story starts hear.When I said it was the saddest book yet out of the series,I totally ment it.It`s a tear-jerker.You ask why?Because two important charectors die in the story,one animal,one wizard.I`m not going to tell you what wizard dies,because that will spoil the suspense,but I will give you a little hint:It`s a professor.<br/><br/>This book is definately reccomended for any Harry Potter fan.It`s very suspenseful,magical,and just fun to read.<br/><br/>P.S.-A good thing is,this book is shorter than the fifth one(thank goodness).So it won`t take you as long to finish it!
 I have loved all the Harry Potter books.  Prior to Half-Blood Prince, Goblet of Fire was my favorite.  Half-Blood Prince easily surpassed it.  I bought the book the evening of its release and read straight through the night and into the next day until I finished.  The only pauses were to tell my son, who was reading his copy in the next room, how much I was enjoying it.  He readily agreed.  Rowling is a wonderful author.  I await the next book eagerly, knowing that I will feel both pleasure in seeing how she brings this wonderful story to a close, and sadness in knowing that she has brought this wonderful story to a close.  JK, hurry, your legions of fans await you.
 Just as amazing as the first time I read it. You know the series is coming to an end as she casually throws in flashbacks to the previous books. So well done.
 What happened to Potter? The premise of this series was that he is a powerful, albeit undeveloped, wizard. By book six he is a below-average student and useless; getting his butt kicked all over the place. He's lazy and obtuse. Hermione does the work while he and Ron sluff off. I told my daughter to avoid people like this joker. Meanwhile, we see Voldermort working hard to become a great wizard. Kind of a poor message.<br/><br/>It seems unrealistic that Harry has found out he must face Voldemort and still be at Hogwarts studying plants and playing quidditch. Shouldn't he be taking defense against the dark arts 18 hours a day? Be in the library, practicing, being specially tutored, trying to be the best? Instead he's a punk that should get beat. This book is lame.
 Harry Potter #6 is full of all the twists and turns one has come to expect from these books.  Romance flourishes ... but not too much.And despite all Do more can do, the Death Eaters invade Hogwarts.
 Not much more that can be said about this book that hasn't already been said. I cried a little at the end. It still doesn't seem real...or fictional :)<br/><br/>This book wasn't quite as engaging or exciting as 4 or 5, but still a good book. Can't wait to read the last one!
 Caught up in the whole "end of the saga" thing - I realized that I had never read episode 6. So off I went to my local bookseller to get 6&amp;7.  Read them both and have have to say that, as much as I felt 7 was the perfect ending to the series (and it IS) ....I have to say that 6 was my favorite book. THIS is great storytelling - without The Half-Blood Prince the Deathly Hallows would have meant nothing.
 Greatest series of all time for any age group. The series gets better and better with each book!
 Wow...I couldn't believe all the carrying on that surrounded the release of this long-awaited book 6 of the series.  I am awed and humbled that this author can get that many people interested in reading.  Fabulous!!  I do think that this story holds many surprises (none will be revealed here)and that the ongoing relationships of the main characters are growing along with their chronological ages.  The telling of the "back story" seems a bit contrived and drawn out to me.  (I wonder if Ms. Rowling has mesmerized her editors with her notoriety. ) I am happy to see that the character of Neville Longbottom is not being neglected.  Savor this one.....we'll have to wait quite a bit for the next, I suppose.
 I've been told for years that I need to read the HP series. They were all right! Enjoyed immensely.
 Moments ago I finished Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince (so I am a bit exhausted) after hanging out with small children at midnight of last night to pick up a copy. This is by the far the most different and unique of all the Potter stories this far. It is extremely dark and down right frightening at times, dealing with themes that make the other books look, well childish.<br/><br/>The book ends with a setup to one of the greatest finale volumes in modern literature. I have no idea when Rowling is going to write the new book, but that will be the end game. She took extraordinary measure in this book, to start weaving former plots together so a final resolve can be met.<br/><br/>This book is not just about Harry fighting Voldemort this time. It springboards from the Order of the Phoenix's very serious political underpinning to psychological dissection of being the good guy. Though we are all fighting for a great world of peace, love, and organic food will this lead us inextricably unprotected from others? This is just one type of question that arise in the newest book.<br/><br/>I do not want to spoil to much for anyone, because you should be all reading it at this point, but some incredible things happen. Love is in the air again, and it is not just little kid giggly love any longer, but more developed feelings between characters. Another main character shuffles off their mortal coil, and oh yes a new teacher!
 I'm a 36 year old grown man who has just spent the last half hour bawling over the ending of this book.
 The only thing I got out of this book that I didn't get from the first five books is a motivation for Snape's actions.<br/><br/>In Sorcerer's Stone, Dumbledore tells Harry that the reason Snape tried to save him from Quirrell's jinx is because he owed a debt to James Potter, for saving his life when they were at Hogwarts.<br/><br/>I'm thinking that the reason Snape has protected Harry in the past (from the jinx in Sorcerer's Stone and from the Remus-turned-werewolf in Prisoner of Azkaban, for example) is not because he owed James. I think it's because of Lily Potter's eyes. At Hogwarts, Lily was good at Potions -- which Snape would surely have respected -- she was pretty, and she defended young Snape against James once (detailed in Order of the Phoenix), so I think Snape probably had a juicy crush on her. And it's not like J.K. Rowling doesn't tell us frequently that Harry has Lily's eyes.<br/><br/>What if the reason why Snape has protected Harry is because every time he looks at him, he sees the Lily Evans in him? Maybe Dumbledore picked the wrong parent in Sorcerer's Stone? What if Snape feels guilty about getting Lily killed, and works for Dumbledore seeking redemption for that? And if Snape is working for redemption as Dumbledore believes, both will figure prominently in Book Seven.<br/><br/>I'm looking forward to discovering how Ms. Rowling ties everything up.
 By far this is the book all of us have been waiting for. This book includes important details about the past books and the future book along with a wonderful plot, good attraction, and etc. But brfore you read this book, you have to read the previous 5 books to enjoy this one. That means hurry up and read them so you can read this one. These books are so good that many parents and teachers are reading them to kids everywhere. So you can do that too. This book is recommended for everyone!
 Wow! This was a very good book. I didn't like the ending but I lived with it. I was so wrapped up in the characters that I cried at the outcome of the story. I am looking forward to the next book. I have so far enjoyed this series. It's a lot of fun and you always learn something new from the books. It's a wonderful work.
 I loved the book, and thought it was relatively well written, though maybe not Rowlings best, but I do think it was better then last years.  Any Harry Potter reader would enjoy it.  However, to anyone one who has read the book, did you notice anything odd about the cover?  So far no one I've talk to has on their own, but when I told them what I thought they agreed with me.  Dumbledore's right hand is displayed on the cover, and appears to be lacking certain qualities, (like that it should be black and extremely wrinkled) that are portrayed throughout the entire book; it just seems like an error the publishers should have caught.  And to anyone who plans on reading it, pay attention to small details like that, it helps.
 This series of books transformed reading into experiencing a wonderful world of magic ❤️
 An amazing ending to a great series.It was very enjoyable reading.
 Loved them again! Can't wait to be able to read them to my great-grandson!!!! He needs just a few more years yet!!!
 HBP, like many have said, does everything it needs to do to set up the final book and not a whole lot more.  While it is still a good and entertaining read, most of the book feels like groundwork for the climax (which is excellent, making it almost worth it).  There is plenty of character development for Harry, background on Voldemort, and mysteries dragged out until the end.  It all works fine except that there are none of the stand-out scenes that made book 5 so enjoyable: the dementor attack and the Dursleys' reactions, Umbridge and McGonagall, the Quibbler interview, Harry's hearing, Fred and George's mayhem, etc.  The whole sense of urgency that propelled OOTP seems gone, and it's hard to believe there's a war going on outside Hogwarts despite the beginning chapter and occasional mentions of deaths.  The other characters (like Neville) are used less and Hermione is wasted completely, serving only to nag Harry and give Ron the cold shoulder.  I made it through the first 500 pages easily, but looking back couldn't think of anything that had really happened.  Fortunately the climax and Rowling's promised death do not disappoint and the book finally kicks into high gear at the last minute.  HBP could have been a lot better, but it does what it needs to do at least and ends on a very interesting note.  Hopefully JKR saved up all her inspiration for the final book.
 This audio book is read in a manner that draws you in.  The talent of Jim Dale is unsurpassed.  This story written with J.K.'s marvelous sense of adventure is very entertaining.  She continues to expand the characters and allow them to mature along with the story. Audio book six has taken us to a new realm and allowed us to deal with tragedy and triumph.  An audio book well worth listening to.  Another outstanding winner for J.K. Rowling, Jim Dale, and for Harry!
 I have been an avid Harry Potter fan since I read book four aloud to my granddaughters a couple of years ago.  I quickly gathered taped versions and DVD's of all the previous books and brought myself up to speed.  Like everyone else, I awaited the latest with much anticipation.<br/><br/>I have to say, I was immediately impressed with the change in the introductory style and I found myself promptly engrossed.  The mature flavor of this book as compared to the earlier books, was so riviting that I could not put it down until I had completely consumed it!  I found it to be the most emotionally charged and unpredictable of any Potter plot thus far and I snuffled and sobbed my way to the finish line!  I then ordered the CD as I enjoy listening when I work out.
 This is one of the best of the Harry Potter series. The action was minimal, but the reason is because J.K. is setting up the whole Franchise for the Grand Finale. The Half Blood Prince, is a good edition because we learn alot about The evil around Harry and who they were in the past. We learn how Voldermort stayed alive all these Years. I thought this was a good story.
 Having finished the book, I actually feel wrong gossippintg about 'who died' and 'who dates who.' The book is the best of the series and obviously starts a lot of balls rolling. Being the penultimate book in the series, it does what the second half of 'The Two Towers' does for Lord Of The Rings. It quickens the pace and you can feel an epic and climactic book 7 in the distance.<br/><br/>Oddly, the majority of the book length is taken up by the relationships of the main characters, bordered by dramatic and tragic events happening around them. This makes for extremely entertaining (while not depressing) reading.<br/><br/>Yes, someone important dies. The last 100 pages of this book is perhaps the saddest and tragic I have ever read in contemporary fiction. Rowling has managed to wrench the heart.
 Honestly, I would have given this book 4.5 stars but not much room or that, but thats ok the rating isn't important. The book was great, except the end.<br/><br/>This book was truelly much more light hearted, focussing much more and the kids' "snogging". So much more romance is happening, and the place is seeming a lot more like a normal highschool. As I mentioned, the book starts out very light-hearted and fun, and I admit I truelly enjoyed it. But as every reader will figure out as they read, it will have to become serious soon, and it really does. Harry investegates more into the past, and eventually, he is lead by another into a situation where he looses a dearest friend.<br/><br/>Onto the ending... I don't think it was as good as it could be, and left a lot of things open, except the possibility of a happy sequel, or really a sequel at all. J.K. really did a fine job of expressing the feelings a person would normally feel when they are in the situations that they are in: saddness, love, jealousy, and a lot of hatred.<br/><br/>All in all, great book, but not looking forward to the long wait until the final book.
 I like this book because it had lots of details I also like this book because my daughter read it and loved it.<br/>I recommend this book for children who like fantasy and can handle a little violence.
 Like Harry, I can't believe he's truly dead. Is he really? Maybe he'll come back in the last book. I just can't imagine it. Surely snape isn't what they say he is? Oh the questions upon questions. Thank goodness I've started reading these after the last book has been published. I'll soon know the end of it all!
 Shocking turns in the whole story. Helps piece things together. Not my favorite of all the series but still great!
 Wild adventure.
 With each new addition to the series, JKR's writing seems to go a bit more downhill. With this latest book, I was a little confused as to whether JKR had written it, or if some internet fanfiction author had published their work under her name. The whole thing seems to amateurishly and haphazardly written. And purple. Yes indeed, purple (urple) prose has most definitely made an appearance in all its sloppy, dripping "glory."<br/><br/>Harry's relationship with Ginny seems the best example of how slapdash this became. Out of nowhere Harry becomes infatuated with her. Ginny, a girl he's thought of as a sister/friend for five books straight. Cue mind numbing rounds of teenaged groping. And then, "for her own good," he dumps her. Yes, and I'm sure no one in the Wizarding world will have noticed that The Boy Who Lived had a girlfriend, certainly not any Death Eaters, so it would *never* occur to them to torture her to get to him. Oy. Illogical and badly written all around.<br/><br/>Harry himself is far less likable in this book. It seems to me that Harry has become something of a hypocritical bigot. He's prejudiced against anything that even seems close to being Slytherin, and yet he still whines about how unfairly the Slytherins treat his House. He's all about the hate and anger now and little remains of the boy I liked so much in the first few books. Yes, what Harry's dealing with is overwhelming and bound to change anyone, but changing doesn't have to mean turning into a small-minded, bitter jerk, which seems to be where he's heading.<br/><br/>What saves this from a lower rating is some good suspense and a genuine surprise at the end, at least it was to me. That, and finally providing a good explanation for why Voldemort is still hanging around after getting turned into a little puddle of goo some fifteen years back.<br/><br/>I imagine rabid fans of the series and those who don't know any better won't see any of the myriad faults in this book, but they're most definitely, and spectacularly there, and that's a big disappointment for a long-time fan. If there were half ratings on Amazon, I'd give this 2.5 stars because it's still readable, but it's not at all what I'd hoped to see in terms of maturity in both the author's writing, and in Harry.
 This has been a below par effort by Rowling. Having produced some great stories in her first 4 books this one fell way below the mark. The story does not move till Harry &amp; Dumbledore reach Voldemort's background, which is well after few hundred pages. Also the mention of Quidditch now and then was an irritation with the games having no real meaning. Besides "Malfoy was upto something" without any further development till the end was very annoying. The death of a key character who had been such a pillar of strength, deserved a more fitting end.<br/><br/>I would expect now that Harry knows he has to face Voldemort to show little more application in his pursuit for magical prowess (take a leaf out of Hermione's character). But no, he is still the person that can love, that cheats thru Potions and somehow manages to get out of tight situations. This behavior was ok for the first few years but I expected Rowling to develop the character more to be able to handle Voldemort.<br/><br/>Hopefully she will forget her millions and put in some real hard work into her final book. A final book with a similar quality of the 6th would rob the series of a fitting finale that it richly deserves.
 In her interview following this book's release, J.K. Rowling made a comment about the plots becoming "tighter" as the series has progressed.  Without giving away ANY details, I'll say that I think it shows in this book.  The plot progresses at a natural and steady pace, and the impact of the climax is noticeably more potent than in, say, "The Order of the Phoenix" (which I also thoroughly enjoyed.)  Two enthusiastic thumbs up.<br/><br/>For PARENTS considering reading the book to children, you'll probably have noticed a lot of chatter about the books becoming darker and darker...well, Rowling disputes this in her latest interview, but I do think there's something to it.  There are elements to this novel that I would call decidely darker than anything that has come before.  The emotional pitch is higher, and themes have also become more mature.  That's just my opinion, mind you.  THAT SAID, I think there's a tendency to over-protect children from darker and more mature elements of fiction.  While I can certainly understand this instinct, I think it can be taken too seriously, at some cost.  As a former pre-school teacher, I can safely say that I wouldn't have chosen to read this to 4-year olds (for a variety of reasons); for one thing, if they can't distinguish fantasy from reality, you're setting up for some "middle-of-the-night"mare visits to your bed.  But I'll say this to those with slightly older fans at home: of course you have to go with your instincts, but if you're on the fence, it's my opinion that your kids will gain more from reading this book than they'll lose.  All in all, there are worse ways to learn about evil.  Chances are, if they understand (at some level) that the magic isn't real, they'll understand that some of the scarier elements aren't either.
 I am a huge Harry Potter fan. This particular book, might be the best of the entire series. Harry comes of age in this. Is finally blessed and cursed with all he needs to go forward alone. I cry every time i read it. Love it.
 This whole series is an excellent read.  I have enjoyed it as much this time as I did the first time I read through the series.
 I wish I didn't see so many people complaining about the uprupt ending! I loved it! There have always been these sort of artificial breaks in plot between each of the books, and you can tell that book seven will pick up right where six leaves off. Although the comparison I am about to make is in an ENTIRELY different genre, you have to appreciate the cliffhanger of this book the same way that you can appreciate the cliffhanger between Kill Bills 1 and 2. (By the way, don't watch those if you're under 16, kids.)<br/><br/>Further, I just thought the plot was deliciously dark. Nothing goes right for Harry at the end of the book; the outlook is very, very bleak for every character except possibly Voldemort. Not only is there a great cliffhanger, but you are left at the cliffhanger thinking, "oh man, sucks to be Harry." Obviously we all love happy endings, but this is great for Book Seven, because the stage is set for an (forgive the cliche) epic battle between good and evil, and there is nowhere to go but up for the good guys.<br/><br/>Finally, I'm just really happy that mainstream entertainment, even for kids and young adults, is becoming less and less concerned with making everything look like candy, puppies, and roses. In a world where there is a great deal wrong, it's great to just see some honesty. The other huge media release this year was of course the final Star Wars film, a viciously dark (and as some insist, political) drama. It's relieving to see some unapologetic darkness in entertainment, as long as everything turns out all right for the good guys in the end. And I myself feel pretty confident that Rowling won't let us down when Book 7 rolls around.
 See, in this book is the wizarding world. I used to hate reading but this book made me love reading.<br/><br/>Plz, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND you read this book.
 A re read after a decade. Just wonderful If you haven't read it do it! If you have, read it again.
 I have read every "Harry Potter" book in the series, and they continue to get better, and better!  The first few chapters of this book were very tedious, I thought, until Harry finally retuned to Hogwarts.  Once I plowed my way through the boring beginning of the book, and got into the main plots, I found it one of the most addicting books I have ever read!  As Dumbledore informs Harry of Voldemort's secret to near immortal life, Harry also tries to find out and stop what Malfoy is secretly up to in the room of requirements.  However, the end is very tragic, as one of the main and most beloved characters is killed by a very surprising death-eater.  Overall, this was probably the best book I ever read, and I could hardly put it down!  I strongly encourage anyone who is a fan of the "Harry Potter" series, or enjoys reading fantasy or action/adventure books to read "Harry Potter and The Half Blood Prince"!
 It was a great book. I don't want to say too much because I know there are die hard fans out there who haven't finished the book yet. It is the most "adult" book yet - with a little romance thrown in for flare. We learn about Harry and Voldemort's past which is nice, and as dark as past books have been. Harry seems to have matured a lot in this book. Hope this review helps!
 Much darker than the previous books. Great pacing and suspense..
 So good.  And so very, very, very sad.  Although I've seen all the movies this book was so much better
 Harry Potter in the Half-Blood Prince is by far the most exciting and suspensful book yet.  The first half of the book is similar in style to books 1-3 in it's wit, humor, and an overall happier feeling than book 5.  The second half dares to tread in territory never tread in any book before.  Plot twists in almost every chapter reveal facts that have long been speculated, but have always been approached with caution for fear of being extremely crazy.  J.K. Rowling has proved once again that she can change the entire course of the book in one sentence yet still keep us enraptured and astounded at the intricate way this book has been written.  I am deeply amazed at this book, surely the most emotional, tear-jerking, powerful fiction story ever made.
 When I picked up this book I was a little sad at the fact that it only had 652 pages compared to Order of the Phoenix which had 870 pages.  I was worried I wouldn't feel satisfied at the end of the book.  I was very wrong... Once you're finished with the last page you are very satisfied with this book.<br/><br/>In the sixth year at Hogwarts, everyone is very much more aware of Voldemorts presence in society.  Everyone is talking precautions and laying low.  The wizarding world is, as predicted, at war.<br/><br/>This novel deals with many things that J.K. has not introduced in the book such as students making out("snogging" as she calls it), apparition of the 6th years, and other things.  This book has many happy moments in which you feel excited for Harry and of course, there are definitely unhappy moments in which you feel rage toward Harry's enemies.<br/><br/>The novel is definitely darker than the rest and the seventh will be even darker to come (obviously).  This is Mrs. Rowlings best work so far, as they keep getting better and better.  I believe anyone who likes Harry Potter will love this book.
 This book - especially compared to any and all previous entries - could be called average at best. It seems that the romance plot was emphasized at the expense of all other aspects which made this series great: learning about the magic world as created by Rowling and the mysteries that need to be solved. Instead, we are left with learning background information on suddenly-appearing, deus-ex-machina style plot items which one might not even care a whit about. Definitely a step down for the series at large.
 Excellently written and entertaining
 I like the 6th book in the series much for than the 5th. It is very interesting and has some surprising events, but only gets exciting in the last 100 or so pages. Although the rest of the book is also pretty good, people who like to get to the point quickly may become frustrated with this. Still, I definitely recommend this for a nice, thorough read.
 In Harry's sixth year he returns to the school with a lot more respect then he got last year. In this book you almost feel sorry for Drako with the task he has to face since Harry turned in hid Death Eater father last year. Harry becomes Dumbledore's helper as they fight against Lord Voldemort. Some of our favorite characters hook up. The sixth years are being taught how to apparate well those that are old enough, Ron loses an eyebrow in the process. Snape confuses us as to who he is loyal to.
 I am older and retired, but have now read six Harry Potter books.  Still reeling a little from the imagination of Rowling.  I felt this book was a little dark and this alone prevented me from giving it 5 stars.
 I have been reading the Harry Potter books since I was five years old and I have always loved them! This book is as good as the others, but there is quite a lot of teenage behavior, such as flirting and kissing, so I wouldn't recommend reading it to your five year olds. This book is funny in some parts, but it is darker than the other books - you learn a lot more about "You-Know-Who." Some parts of the book may even make you cry. Once you have read the book by your self once, it is really fun to listen to the cassettes or c.d.'s performed by Jim Dale.
 I like so many others have been waiting for many months since the publication of the 5th book, and i have to admit that i was not disappointed.  The book is alot of background, insight into Lord Voldemort's past, and while this may seem boring and unimportant to alot of people, i believe that it is vital to the telling of the final chapter in this great saga.<br/><br/>I do not believe that J.K has lost any of her touch, in fact her ability to put together a realistic teenage atmosphere albeit in a world of magic is pure genius.  All of the characters seem to be human in this part of the story, there is a betrayal that i certainly was expecting, just not in the way it happened, a death i wish had not occured, because like Harry, i always thought this person would be there to the end.  However, that is not the case.  Do i believe that the deceased will stop influencing Harry and his friends, i do not believe that for an instant, because Harry recalls several of his inspiring phrases at the end of the book.<br/><br/>The 7th book will be expected from this reader, i cant deny that i am not sure exactly where J.K is going with the next installment, of course i have theories, some of which i have discussed with some of my fellow harry potter fans.  I cant wait for the final chapter of the Harry Potter saga, it shall be as thrilling as the rest, and shall most certainly shed some surprises, and some expected results.<br/><br/>Enjoy the read as i did, and wait as i shall, for the climax, the last chapter of Harry and the Order's battle against Voldemort and his Death Eaters.
 I would have to say this was not my favorite books in the series so far. It was well written and thought out. The plot and characters are wonderfully developed and there are most definatly thrilling pieces of the book, and yet, sometimes while I was reading I found myself just setting the book down, telling myself I'd come back to it later. I wasn't sure why until I finished the book and I realized that there was more explaining and discovering more about the past rather than taking action about what was happening in the present. I found the pensive chapters, while informative and nessisary, rather dull. I had higher hopes, but of course, not a bad book at all.
 This is perhaps the best installment that J.K. Rowling has produced in the very entertaining Harry Potter series. Rowling has not lost the magic touch that made the first five years in Hogwarts a joy to read about. As Harry begins his sixth year at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft &amp; Wizardry, the war against Voldemort and his followers stress on everyone's mind. It is not going well. School still goes on and Harry is doing very well in his most dreaded class, Potions, thanks to a mysterious "Half-Blood Prince". He finds an unlikely girlfriend and is troubled by Dumbledore's long absences from the school. He searches for ways to defeat Voldemort in Dumbledore's pensive. J.K. Rawling has spun a tell so elaborate and yet so enjoyable to read that you won't want to put it down. It is well written and has a ending that will take your breath away...
 This book is truly astounding. I loved, loved, loved it! J.K. Rowling weaved a beautiful story full of friendshhip and magic.
 I just finished reading the Half-Blood Prince and I am thoroughly pleased with the plot, new characters, new spells &amp; magical objects, and the amount of information revealed in this installment. This layer of the mystery answers several questions and adds many more, making for a very exciting read. To the post that mentioned the book doesn't pick up until the last three chapters, I have to disagree -- the rest of the chapters building up to the main "action" in the book are informationally exciting. Once again I am truly impressed with JKR's ability to weave such an intricate plot with so many layers. Of course I can't wait for the seventh book!
 Well if one thing can be said about the sixth book of seven, it sets the stage for book seven. To me it certainly fits much better to book one to four than book five did.<br/><br/>Harry and his friends grow up in book six, nearly to rapidly it seems.<br/><br/>Yes, there is another death to deal with in this book, new characters appear, and you'll find yourself questioning the allegiances of some charcters.<br/><br/>I don't want to give away of it's contents, the yellowpress already did enough damage, get the book and read it, it's well worth the time. And I can also recomend the audio book from Scholastic, it's equally fantastic. :-)<br/><br/>What really sickend me, after finishing the book, now we have to wait another two years or more, to get the last book, which hopefully will answer the most urgent questions, but I have the feeling, some questions will remain unanswered.
 Even though I seen all the movies reading the books have me more details. I really enjoyed reading this book. Looking forward to the nextonr
 Awesome story! Can't wait for the next. Great add to the series!
 this pains me to give a harry potter book only two stars but i have to. let me just start by saying i LOVED the previous books, i have read them all countless times. i know the writing isnt brilliant but the stories are amazing and take you somewhere else completely. they are so entertaining. i also hate the movies (ok the fourth one was OK but...) because they dont follow the book! i know the movies are supposed to be different from the book but well, the books are just too good.<br/>well needless to say i was extremely excited for the new addition of the harry potter series to come out and i bought it immediately. i wanted so badly to love it but it just didnt do it for me. it was still entertaining but it lacked so much of what ive come to expect and look forward too.<br/>first off it was so much shorter then the fifth one!! hence there was considerably less included about hogwarts and quiditch. i love those parts about the other books! i love hearing about the castle and all its secret passegways, the quiditch world cup and quiditch at the school, ron's house, and anything and everything else about the wizarding world and the people who inhabit it.<br/>second the plot was just lacking. there was no big build up or anything. and the part where dumbledore takes harry to the cave just didnt fit; it was like jk rowling just added it in to add excitment or something.<br/>ok so the only part i enjoyed was the romance. it was silly but entertaining. of course the part about the beast inside harry was silly and ridiculous but it was funny. and it was great that harry and ginny got together.<br/>also we did learn some key things about hucruxes and such. however overall it just lacked something.<br/>all i can say is i hope the seventh one is as good as the first five!!! and i hope harry goes back to hogwarts because that is my favorite part!!!
 My favorite HP book out of all of them!
 I have been reading a plethora of reviews from readers on Rowling's novels, and I think most people are missing something -- of course many of the readers of the Harry Potter books are young, and probably cannot yet appreciate some of the complexity of the stories.  I just wanted to say that I have never seen character development that is so real, so complex, and so close to humanity in any book of the fantasy genre (my personal favorite genre).  Even in the great stories of the genre both in books and film, such as the Tolkien's Lord of the Rings, CS Lewis' Chronicles of Narnia, the Legend of King Arthur, and even Star Wars -- they have ALWAYS had a character that has been the flawless, wise, protectorate of the main character(s) -- this person can do no wrong, and is never portrayed as harboring weaknesses, however noble, or making human errors.  I thought that Dumbledore was that type of character, and was impressed to see that Rowling took a step beyond that safe type of character portrayal and created someone more "mortal" and complex than anyone expected for that role.<br/><br/>Many fans are complaining about Dumbledore's death, some are in denial about it, and Rowling is getting many angry letters along those lines, I am sure.  I wanted to be one of the opposing voices to that opinion.  She took the harder route, the path of growth and cold hard truth, that even the wisest and strongest people make mistakes, as Dumbledore did in where he placed his trust.  It is a hard lesson to learn that no one is infallible and that ultimately we have to choose our own destinies and are cannot be protected by others -- the only way to succeed is to believe in oneself, while taking comfort from those that we love of course, but facing evil even in the face of extreme hardship and loss.  Anyone who has suffered the loss of a loved one or experienced deep pain will tell you that it is a part of life, and Rowling does not try to hide that fact from her readers, although some may prefer to believe it isn't true.  Everyone has weaknesses, and to create a character that does not would be a disservice to the meaning of the books.  I am glad that Rowling took the more painful yet honest path that she did and has created a world that, despite its magical setting, is more believable and closer to the hearts of people all over the world than any book that has ever been in existence.<br/><br/>Rowling has succeeded in purveying a deeper and subtler message about life than even I had expected -- she has my utmost respect.  It is not easy to create the complexity of human nature that she has done, and if anyone tries to make her feel guilty for killing off such a beloved and supposedly failure-proof character, perhaps we may remember that loss is a part of life, everyone is mistaken at times, and that you can only be stronger if you learn to live through such an experience and face your demons alone -- and no matter how many losses you experience, you will always carry your love and memories in your heart, and they will never have truly left you.  I think that's a subtle message for all of us to take away from the most mature and thought-provoking novel in Rowling's career thus far.
 this book is intoxicating and edicting and that is agood thing because this is a book i wouldn't mind getting lost in for a few hours. when i got this book, i stoppped the book i was reading and 8 days later i was finished. this book creates and ends mysteries, many romances (new and old), new found feelings of love, jealousy, rage, fear, confusion, and utter despair come alive in this magnificent book. i would give this book more stars if it were a possibility. so right  now, i give it 10 stars. but it is immperative that all 5 books before it is read before someone reads this book or nothing will make sense. i was very surprised at th new found romane between harry and...i don't want to give it away, but it hits you out of the blue. and i hope in the last book that the rumor that harry will be killed is false and that ron and hermione finally get together, after long last. bravo! JK Rowling Bravo!
 The sixth book in the Harry Potter series was great!  I thoroughly enjoyed the cliffhanging suspense that JK Rowling incorporated in this second to last book.  The detailed plot, the killer suspense, and the great ending all tie together to make this one of the best Harry Potter books that I read.  The public and media made this series very famous, and that's the main reason why I wanted to buy it, because if the public likes it, I would like it.  On the contrary, there were certain things that I did not like about this book.  Certain chapters seemed monotonous and boring.  I just wish that Rowling brought a little bit more liveliness into some of the book's chapters.  Well thats all! I hope you guys like the book!
 Another great story in the compelling Harry Potter series.  Recommended reading for all ages.  Can’t wait to read the next book.
 Great story, well told
 Harry Potter books are great for children of all ages! Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince will take any child into the reality of Harry Potter, and it will dazzle them with all of the fun adventures in this book just like the other Harry Potter books. If you don't get this Harry Potter book, you will be missing all of the fun!<br/><br/>Cynthia Rizzo, author of Julie and the Unicorn
 I love all of the Harry Potter books.  If you read the Harry Potter series, then saw the movies -- try reading the books again.  You will find that you get a totally different perspective of Harry Potter all together.  Loved doing it this way.
 This installment in the Harry Potter series was good... it wasn't as great as Prisoner of Azkaban nor Goblet of Fire but its worth it. I have to say that it is a bit predictable... by the middle of the book you'd already know who was getting sacked and by the time the Sectumsempra curse is unleashed you'll figure out who the Half-Blood Prince is. It is that predictable.<br/><br/>It is still a good book to read. This time we see Harry more controlled with his emotions, he's not as moody like he was in Order of Phoenix. You'll also need to read Sorcerer's Stone and Chamber of Secrets to tie some things here... duh?! That's why its called a series!<br/><br/>In closing, Half-Blood Prince is not as depressing as Order of Phoenix, its not as exciting as Goblet of Fire, it certainly is not surprising as Sorcere's Stone, and thankfully its not as boring as Chamber of Secrets. Its worth it for some light reading and it REALLY sets you up for the 7th book, but its not as good and as interesting as Prisoner of Azkaban.<br/><br/>P.S. Here's my rating from best to worst:<br/><br/>1st - Prisoner of Azkaban<br/><br/>2nd - Goblet of Fire<br/><br/>3rd - Half-Blood Prince<br/><br/>4th - Order of Phoenix<br/><br/>5th - Sorcerer's Stone<br/><br/>6th - Chamber of Secrets
 The most interesting of the whole series.  Enjoyed reading it even more in repeat so I could discuss it with my 8 year old son, who is obsessed with Harry Potter.
 Stuck at home after foot surgery, so decided to read the whole series again. Still wonderful. Foot healed. On to the last book.
 The culmination of Rowling's masterpiece epic.
 I didn't think "Phoenix" was up to snuff (too-whiney Harry, for one), so this was a very pleasant return.  Still a dark story line, but I like Harry again and things were more emotionally satisfying.  The main plot moves well as do the subplots...though the last scene with Ginny was too trite/cliche for words.<br/><br/>Rowling has opened the door in the story line for there to be more than just 7 novels corresponding to 7 years at Hogwarts...we'll see.
 This is no ordinary children's book.  ANother brillant outing by Rowling...another dark story and one that can be a bit scary.  Death, revenge and love.  Some might be disappointed that this book merely seems to set up the final book (which might have be 1000 pages to answer everything!)...yet, the revelations are strong, the gang has really grown up, and we see much less of Hagrid who had become tired.  Yes, a very sad death is in here, but Harry learns from that too.  I'm most sad that the series will end in one more book...
 As always an enchanting read no matter how many times its reread.who doesn't love a potter tale? Highly recommended to all. Lol
 Well, she's done it again. Another HP book I couldn't wait to pick up and couldn't ever bear to put down. I actually get sad when I reach the last chapters knowing that it will be another year or so until I get more.<br/><br/>The book itself is another step up in terms of maturity. I think each book has been a small step. Book 5 was getting dark, less focus on the school and classes and more on the overall world of wizards. Book 6 follows suit. More time is spent outside of Hogwarts both at the beginning and end of the book again dealing with the growing darkness in the world of wizards. I wouldn't recommend this book to younger kids. Even if you've read the other 5, this one might be a little heavy for the young'uns. Let's say an old 9 year old or a young 11 year old should read the book. But, I'm a believer in letting kids be kids and not growing them up too quickly.
 I like this book it was rlly good and interesting, I liked when Harry and dumbldore go to find the horcrux
 great book
 This book really has no plot.  There's nothing through the body of the book that reaches any climax.  There are no surprises.  The climax includes Dumbledore and Harry going to find one of seven pieces of Tom Riddle's soul, then coming back and having Dumbledore be killed by Snape.  That was weak, because Harry had already destroyed one, and Dumbledore destroyed another which is not narrated.  How can destroying one more out of seven possibly be the climax of a whole book, especially when the body of the book hardly builds up to it?<br/><br/>I have a hard time believing Dumbledore to be so inept a wizard as he was in his final minutes, even if he was sick.  He told Malfoy he was completely defenseless, because he had no wand.  Does Dumbledore, the greatest wizard alive, really need a wand to do magic?  Both Harry Potter and Voldemort were doing magic before they even knew they were wizards, much less had wands!<br/><br/>The whole thing is too predictable. The title is called "Half Blood Prince."  Snape is the main character in the first chapter.  Snape has been the potions master for years.  Harry gets to borrow a teacher's copy of his potions book, and it's full of notes from "The Half Blood Prince."  The only reason I thought it was NOT Snape is because that would've been too obvious.  But it WAS Snape!  Good grief!<br/><br/>I did not cry when Dumbledore was killed.  I cried when Cedric Diggory died.  I cried when Harry saw his parents come out of Voldemort's wand.  I even got a little choked up when Serius Black was killed.  I should've cried when Dumbledore died.  He was much more significant than all these other people.<br/><br/>I entertained the idea that Dumbledore had faked his death with the help of Snape.  The death just seemed too pointless and anticlimactic otherwise.  Also, Dumbledore being hurled in the air made no sense.  Dumbledore freezing Harry made no sense either.  There's a couple of holes in the theory, though.  First, several people saw Dumbledore's body.  Second, and more importantly, Fawkes seemed to think Dumbledore was dead.  If Dumbledore faked his death, do you really think Fawkes was fooled, too?<br/><br/>I think the only reason several people have thought Dumbledore faked is death is because we just can't believe that Rowling did that bad of a job with this book.  We're forced to dream up a more interesting plot behind the book, because Rowling failed to provide one herself.<br/><br/>Unlike most reviewers, I found some of the boy/girl stuff to be the best stuff in the book.  I especially found Harry's inner thoughts about Ginny and Ron to be good, most especially because I could relate so well with it.  Those are exactly the same kinds of thoughts I have in similar situations, and Rowling articulated them much better than I could have.  Of course I wasn't that impressed with how Harry and Ginny finally ended up together, but Ron's reaction was pretty realistic.<br/><br/>Despite the fact that this was the worst book of the series so far, I still very much enjoyed it.  I'm hoping Rowling doesn't dissapoint us with the seventh book.
 I finished Half-Blood Prince one day after purchasing it, and I have to admit that I am a little dissapointed with the plot as a whole.  The other HP books (1-5) seemed to be more fleshed out and better edited.  Don't misunderstand me, the book is a great read, but I feel like we are left with a lot more questions than we are answers.  For instance, if Dumbledore was such a great and powerful wizard, why on earth did he let himself get into such a tight situation where he was seemingly murdered so easily?  If he knew that Malfoy was there (which he obviously did, he froze Harry), he could have stunned Malfoy and sought safety with Harry. I feel that we were cheated out of a great character, and we still don't know why Snape is double-double-double-crossing everyone! Also the book could have done away with all of the "snogging" nonsense...sure, we understand that the kids are growing up, but let's get back to the plot!  I'm hoping that Rowling has a fantastic conclusion for Book 7 and that Harry will FINALLY defeat Voldemort...for the 5th time?
 ...Of course I say that after I read every HP for the first time. I just finished it. It's about 5:30a.m. I couldn't put it down. I started reading it 10 hours ago. At one point I exclaimed "I love J.K. Rowling!" A few chapters later, I was on the verge of tears. Half Blood Prince is definitely a rollercoaster ride for the emotions. Jo has perfected the art of showing her characters thoughts and emotions without a word from them. Many questions are answered, but more arise at the same time. The seventh book, I expect, will be like none other in the series. But, getting back to HBP--if you have not yet read any of the Harry Potter books because you are not sure you will enjoy them, start reading the first one ASAP. Even if the first couple seem a little young for you, the sixth one (in fact the 4th through the 6th and parts of the 3rd) is well worth exploring. Three of my predictions came true, but only one of them had to do with one of the big questions: "Who is the new Minister of Magic?"; "Who is the HBP?"; and "Who dies?" I won't tell you the answer to any of these. That would spoil the fun and I hate it when people spoil books for people. Even the answer to that question, "Who is the HBP?", was just one of a handful of guesses I had for the answer to the question. I truly believe that Jo has outdone herself with HBP. It is fast paced, but with plenty of her wonderful descriptive passages. I love this book. I'm in college and on my summer break. I expect I will read HBP a couple more times before classes start in August. I have to go back and find all the foreshadowing that I may have skipped over. Go ahead and read all the Harry Potter books if you have not yet. If you are a child, it will make you love to read. If you are an adult, you will feed your inner child.
 I recently read Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. I thought that it was very well written and that J.K. Rowling keeps outdoing herself with each and every book. I really like how she dived more into the realm of the characters feelings in this book more than the others. I also like how she choose to go into the past of Lord Voldermort to learn of his past, his weaknesses, and in esentials, learn how to defeat him. All in all I feel that Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is one of the best in the Harry Potter series. I can't wait to read more of the amazing, Harry Potter.
 I was happy the book was in such good shape I thank you j never tire from the harry potter books
 Harry Potter and the Half  Blood Prince tells the reader a lot of secrets. It is a great book and I recommend this book to anyone. This book also leads you to the Harry Potter finale Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. You should read this book after you read the Sorcerers Stone, the Chamber of Secrets, the Prisoner of Azkaban, the Goblet of Fire, and the Order of the Phoenix. After this book, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is your best choice.
 Good book its now my second fave (below Azkban) i missed Siruis in this book i truely did i was surpised how fast Harry moved on bout it bu anyway this book is mainly about Voldermorts past which i truely didnt expect and at first i thought it'd be boring due to that but it wasnt.I love the way the charters have grown more mature like how Harry finaly relizes Ron and Herminoe like each other and his feelings toward Ginny grow Hagrid wasnt in this book much which i like (i dont like him)i automaticly knew was going to Die from the moment i read a spoiler written in riddle format but i was interesed how he'd die and i was tottaly surpised how he died..<br/><br/>For the next and final book i'd like Voldermort to die and only him and i hope to Ron and Hermione get past friendship (and if Draco dies i'll throw a fit)
 I just need to get one thing off my mind before i start: IF YOU FREAKING HATED THE BOOK, WHY COMMENT ON IT IN THE FIRST PLACE IF YOU KNOW ABOUT A MILLION OTHER PEOPLE WILL DO THE SAME THING?!?!<br/><br/>  Ok, I'm better...It's just funny how I sit here reading low rating reviews of people who I know have a job and could be doing something useful (I can't do anything cause schools out and I have nothing better to do  to young to get a job, yet old enough to write an adult review] ^_^). But, I degress.<br/><br/>  Anywho, I thought this book was a very good read even though it wasn't Ms. Rowling's best work that I have read. Yes, I know, it was a bit dark and there was some angst but hey, it's teen angst, bound to face it at one point or another. I just can't wait till the 7th book comes out! Why did Dumbledore have to die???(sorry if I ruined the surprise for you ^_^U)<br/><br/>  Well, I'm sorry if this didn't help at all and it just wasted your time. My apologies. But, I do suggest that you buy this book and wait excitedly for the next one!
 I am one of those people who can normally only read a book once, but I have already read this book once and I was all for reading it again. I absolutely love the Harry Potter books, and will  definitely read them again in future years to come...I recommend them to anybody I hope anyone will enjoy them as much as I did both times:)
 I've waited a long time for this book to come out.  I read it on July 16, and I love this book.  For me, this book is tied for first with POA and GOF.<br/><br/>Gone is the cheery, pre-adolescent tone of books one and two, Mrs. Rowling has replaced it with a darker, gloomier tone right from page one.  She answers plenty of questions that were unresolved from the previous books, while throwing in a couple of new questions to leave for book 7.  Even though the characters do plenty of talking, the talking moves the plot forward and leaves the reader feeling satisfied that plotholes and that the background of characters are being filled in.  However, the climax was very shocking to me, I wasn't expecting it all, and it might leave younger readers very upset.<br/><br/>Overall, this was worth the wait, but I hope that book 7 doesn't take two years to come out.
 Excellent!  All of Rowling's books are excellent. I have read them 4 times. I just bought extra ones for my grandchildren. I highly recommend this series to anyone over the age of 8. Adults love them as much as the kids. I felt sad when the series ended. These characters become very close to you. Her writing is extraordinary.  Thank you for the opportunity to express my views and love for the series and J. K. Rowling. Her kind of author comes along rarely.  Sharon Stiles, Grandma
 This book does exactly what it means to: it narrates its story skilfully while creating urgent need for the NEXT in the series!
 WOW,  she really did a great job of getting everyone fired up for book 7.  The ending was torture.  I don't know if that makes me happy or  really angry.  I find myself continually amazed at how she created all this in her head and  if she knew how things would turn out from the very start.
 Stupendous amazing shocking enriched action-packed funny alive... only a few things that make up this book. It's is truly wonderful and full of emotion. It is almost as if you are there. I couldn't put it down
 I loved this book and I really hope there are more! I could not put it down! It was GREAT!!!
 This is not a review but there are SPOILERS!<br/><br/>While reading Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince a couple of ideas popped into my head.<br/><br/>1. What if Voldemort was involved with the Acromantula? It would be so cool if they ended up attacking Hogwarts in the seventh book. But then how would we know about it if Harry isn't going to be there.  The story could switch to Ginny for a chapter or two since Harry and her are in love.<br/><br/>2. What if the house-elves of Hogwarts joined the war against Voldemort?  Doby has shown in the past that his powers are pretty impressive. Like when he knocked Lucius Malfoy down when he tried to attack Harry. And with a whole army of House-elves the Order of the Phoenix would be a lot stronger.  Doby could even be a general!<br/><br/>Anyway, Just thought I'd plant some Ideas into peoples minds.<br/><br/>Great book!!!!
 Harry Potter and the Half-blood Prince turned out to be a little bit different from its predecessors. Of all the Harry Potter books, this one is the darkest and most disturbing, but sporadic moments of romance lightens the mood, making Prince a surprising mix of suspense, romance, and drama.<br/><br/>  Magic is suddenly replaced by darkness. Humor is replaced by romance. Happiness is replaced by sorrow.<br/><br/>  Although there is very little magic in this installment, there are still so many things to be enjoyed by reading the book. The final chapters of the book are enough to compensate for the redundancy that emanates in very few chapters of the book. The rich character development in this book rivals that of Prisoner of Azkaban, but what really sets this book apart from the others is its ability to manipulate a person's emotion. The loss of a main character in this book is enough to bring a person to tears, especially if that person has followed Harry Potter's journey very well. The loss of the character for which I speak is like a loss of a relative or a friend that you so very much love. That is Rowling's genius. She is able to reach into her reader's hearts, not just their minds.
 I too, like so many others anxiously awaited the release of this, the newest installment of Ms. Rowling's series. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince was quite a compelling read - I found myself very much drawn into it and not wanting to put it down. Within this story the characters become even further developed, even more vivid and complex. The signature elements of evil and sadness required by the nature of the tale are neither superficial or excessive; successfully interwoven are the threads of happiness, hatred, and hope. After reading this book I heartily applaud Ms. Rowling's skill and talent, as well as that of her penned protagonist. Having rapidly dismissed my impatience at having to wait two years for the release of the Half-Blood Prince, I expect I will do the same with its successor.
 I've read these over and over again, and I will continue to do so.  They hold a special place in my heart.
 I was about to faint from waiting so long to get my hands on this book! I read it in about 72 hours with a few breaks here and there. This was an amazing book written with such detail that at points I almost cried with the characters. I felt the joy, sadness, and rage along with the characters. As you can tell, I am one to get sucked into a story. For those 4 days I was sucked into a world of just Hogwarts. It was like I was Harry Potter's shadow and I was living this with him. At one point(no spoilers...I promise), I had actually covered my mouth and yelled "Don't do it!" and "Oh my gosh!". It is a book that is just pricless. As usual, there are a few things here and there that did bother me. Sometimes there was some overly detailed things. I did object to some of the things Harry did, but it just made it a better story. But those few last papragraphs with Hermione, Ron, and Ginny....I thought he wouldnt have to do what he did to "her" and he wouldnt have to take "them" along. But all of this really made me excited. Now I REALLY want to read the next book. Usually, books have it's ups and downs! But this book was nothing but a straight line upwards. I loved it! This book has something for everyone(action, adventure, fantasy, thrillers, and...believe it or not...romance)! Harry Potter and The Half Blood Prince was excellent and I cannot wait for the next one!
 It is no exageration to say that i battled for my copy of the half blood prince. But sadly i am undecided as to whether or not it was worth it.<br/><br/>In this the latest installment i found myself taken aback at my lack of enthusiasm over the finished product. Although the book was well written, and exciting in some parts it lacked that extra something that made the previous five books so succesful.<br/><br/>The end of the book was very abrupt and did not leave me gagging for more as the order of the phoinex did, i found myself thinking "is this it?"<br/><br/>I would be lying if i said that it was not a good book. Had i not read the previous books and simply started with the half blood prince i would be astounded with j.k Rowlings fantastic imagination. The plot has all of the essential elements required in a good novel; Tragedy, humour, romance and action. It is just with great regret that i say it just didn't go "BOOM" with me. There are a few surprises but they were nothing that many Harry Potter fanatics like myself could not see coming! It is definitly a must read book but do not be surprised if you find yourself wondering "is it worth all the hype". Lets all just pray that the final installment will leave a more lasting impression.
 Like always J.K. Rowling had me ignoring my family until I was finished with the book.  I went through a gamet of emotions with this book including laughter, happiness, disbelief, and deep sorrow.  The book took turns that I had not expected and maybe didn't care for but after finishing the last page understood why it had to go that way.<br/><br/>Where's book 7?  I need it.  I don't know if I can wait for it.  I hope that she continues with the story beyond book 7.  She has a way of writing that entrances readers of all ages.<br/><br/>I was not interested in the books when they first came out but a friend asked me to read them and let her know if I thought they would be ok for her children to read.  I was hooked at once.
 This one is my second favorite. Everything is starting to come together, a lot of questions are being answered as to why Voldemort went after Harry as a baby, why Voldemort did not die when his curse rebounded on himself and how he can be destroyed.
 I read this book in 24 hours, rarely taking breaks to eat and getting no more that two hours of sleep. It was that good. No good is not the right word. Dazzling, wonderful, intriguing. This book really satisfies the reader when it comes to the questions of Who really is voldemort, where did he come from and why he is one of the most evil characters ever to exist in literature? Being a harry potter book is enough to make it on the top of the list for my favorite books, however it was not the best in the series. After an action pact Order of the phoenix, the half-blood prince seemed alittle lacking in real adventure. Also,though i do like a little romance in my books, it was slightly overdone. There were no great surprises in this book like order of the phoenix, Azkaban, and goblet of fire. The ending was phenomenal though, fully living up to the series.  And although the death was not, again, a complete surprize, it was none the less devastatingly shocking. It brought me to the realization that this series is no longer just light hearted fun but deep, serious, and thought provoking. It also uncoverd the truth that the seventh and final book will be quite different and unique from all the others. On the hole, this book deserves its outstanding rateing ,even though not the best, because it leaves us in complete desire to read the next one. I can't wait till its release!
 They are as creative as Star Wars and Lord of the Rings, they are consistent, they are captivating.  I find it an extra bonus that the same reader was used for each of the books.  As an avid book on tape "reader" it is disconcerting when the reader switches on a favorite character, say, Sherlock Holmes. The movies did a fabulous job of captivating the essence of the books in the amount of time they had available.<br/><br/>I heartily endorse the series!
 I like how Harry has gotten an edgier side since he is afterall a teenager. There is a sense of brooding in Harry. He is very aware of his past and the tragedies in it. It becomes a part of him and it drives him.<br/><br/>I love the way our three main characters: Ron, Hermione, and Harry have matured and developed over these six books. They are extraordinary young people but they have grown more complex emotionally as well as intellectually. I respect how J.K. Rowlings has chosen to really invest in creating characters who like real people possess all of the foibles, talents and desires of those of us in the mundane world.<br/><br/>It is a fantastic book, hard to put down. I finished it with tears in my eyes for there are some sad things in the end (but I wont ruin it for you). I like the uncertainty of the ending. What will Harry do next? So much of life seems uncertain afterall.<br/><br/>I look forward to installment number 7 and like book six, I will be there at the Harry Potter party the night the book is released. J.K Rowling, you are a genius and I love Harry Potter and his world. Sometimes isn't it sad that we can't slip through a post at the train station and enter Harry's world even for a short while.
 To use the somewhat overused British idiom in Potter, Brilliant!  This is the first book in the series to require familiarity with the previous books. All of the others could, more or less, stand alone.  Not so, with the Half Blood Prince.  In fact, Rowling could put out a glossary the number of terms, charms, names etc has grown so long.<br/><br/>This is by far the darkest and most serious of the Potter series.  The themes have grown more adult as the series has progressed.  Lots of adolescent sexual stirring, un-explained rage, revenge, independence, rebellion etc.<br/><br/>Rowling, more than ever, displays her brilliance in this book. She continues to weave an alternate world that co-exists with our own, and frankly, can anyone prove that this alternate world does not exist.  In addition, Rowling has written a series where the reader must grow and mature as an individual and as a reader along with the books.  Book 1 was terrific for children as young as 10 or younger.  Half Blood Prince, however, is not for the same readership.<br/><br/>I find myself reading more slowly as the book nears its conclusion because I don't want it to end.  How many other books can you say that about? She's an amazing talent and this 6th entry is a terrific next chapter in the Potter series.  If we're lucky this series won't end at #7!
 Since the 5th harry potter installment, many questions have arisen about what is next in store for harry: most of the questions were answered and it was totally worth waiting for! I will not spoil it for anyone who has not read the book yet but I will warn: questions are answered, and people show their true colors, and yes a main character dies. J.K. Rowling has an uncanny ability to keep her fans guessing and second-guessing what will happen on the next page; it is absolutely amazing. When I thought knew the identity of the HBP, she proved me wrong the very next page. I personally have grown to love these books and the very real characters that reside within them. The pain, the humor, regret, guilt, and happiness become alive and (must say again) real to me. Fans (and others I think) will identify with Harry's feelings, as well as the people around him. Albus Dumbledore as well as Harry's hated rivals reveal their faults in this tale. New characters are introduced and all of them are great.<br/><br/>I cannot wait for JK's last installment: however it will be a bittersweet end for my generation who will finally hear the end (or rather, the beginnig of the end) of an orphan in glasses whose story has inspired a generation to read and to enjoy it, and while some of my generation has grown up, I think all of us will still want to hear the end of this epic story. Don't miss it!
 This book is wonderful. Our 11 year old daughter read this in a couple days and thoroughly enjoyed it. As an adult, I have read this multiple times and enjoyed it each time.
 Finally reading the entire series. I find it to be engaging and a good read that is hard to put down.
 Its pretty good! Even though the guys accents are sometimes hard to understand I love the way he gives each character their proper personalities.
 Loved it for about the tenth time.  I know it sounds cliche, but the book is so much better than the movie....and I loved the movie!
 I think that Rowling has grown with each new addition she has made to the Harry Potter series. Book 6 begins darkly and ends the same way. I felt elation at things long yearned for in the series that finally came to pass as well as deep sadness for things lost. It was an incredible journey through my emotions and I found myself unable to put it down. The next two years will be hard, but I think the end will be worse! I hope that she will choose to continue the journey for us with a new chapter in 2009! Bottom line: If you haven't read the series(What hole have you been in?) start now! Books are always better than movies, don't deprive yourself the pleasure of this book and of the entire journey of Harry Potter!!
 The sensational life of Harry continues.  What will be next?  Read the next adventure to find out.
 Though an avid HP fan, I had been somewhat disappointed by the ineffective editing and meandering plot of the fifth book. Luckily, Rowling redeems herself with a far more engaging sixth book. The editing has certainly improved, with the characters having more depth and more realistic. Harry's mood settling down is also a welcome change.<br/><br/>In terms of the plot however, I believe the sixth book does not achieve the same edge-of-the-seat excitement as the first four. There didnt seem to be any specific "large" events, with the main purpose of the book to set the scene for the final confrontation. Neverless, Rowlings style is enchanting and highly absorbing. The world of Hogwarts is exceptionally real in my imagination.<br/><br/>I was also a little disappointed by the tenuousness of some the "theories" or explainations of events in this sixth book - particularly involving Dumbledore and Snapes actions, though Malfoys behaviour is well justified.
 These books are just so awesome and adventure packed...sometimes I wish the movies mimicked the books  completely but then what would we have to compare...hands down the last 3 books are especially better than the movies...can't wait to reread the last book....
 Wow. I have been a fan of Harry Potter since it first came out, finiding a small stack of them at my school's local book fair in 4th grade. It is about 7 years later, and i am still as engrossed as ever. I recieved my copy of Harry Potter 6 and read it in 6 1/2 hours. It was impossible to put down. without revealing too much, this book is a much darker, emotional look at the wizarding world. Voldemart is alive and on the loose, and Harry, Ron, Hermione, Dumbledore, and the rest must prepare themselves. Throughout the book, i found myself laughing, biting my nails in worry for the characters, and bawling my eyes out. Harry and his friends are growing up. They don't really have a choice, and this book shows that very well. Once again, JK Rowling has done a wonderful job, and i now wait impaitently for the final chapter in this amazing series.
 I very much doubt that many of these reviews will be read in detail, but I had to speak my mind as an adult and an English teacher. This book is moving and encompassing and uplifting, despite the inevitably sad ending. For the first time, Harry truly understands what his place is in the magical world. He has faced sad and difficult truths and has a sense of himself that comes with a lifetime of experience crammed into only 16 years. Since I spend a lot of time around 16 year olds, I know that the stark realness of his loss is not so unusual for many of our children today. Real life has a way of intruding most unpleasantly and forcing us to all feel grief and sadness. Harry's strength, capacity to love, and strong bonds with the people around him offer up an incredible survivor's story. He does not choose to be a victim. He faces his sad life and makes strong choices. I think we can't shield our children from real life. We have to equip them with the tools to survive things like death and dysfunction and breaking up with a significant other.... why not accept Harry Potter as a way of SHOWING how to survive some really tough odds?
 This series is the best piece of literature ever written.  The character development, plot, and grammar are superb.
 I'm an avid HP fan but this last one...well, let's just say it's not my favorite. The previous 5 got increasingly better, number 5 being my favorite, so I was expecting an AWESOME book in the Half-Blood Prince. I bought it at midnight the day it came out but I just couldn't devour it like I did the others.  This book just doesn't have too many redeeming qualities about it. Not a bad book by any stretch but not a great one either, like the other ones are.  I will still read number 7 I'm sure.  But I don't have such great expectations anymore....hopefully, this is not the shape of things to come...I guess we'll find out soon enough!
 Bad:<br/><br/> These are books intended to be for children and I was very disturbed to find "slut" used in this book.  For someone who used an alternate term for making out(snogging), I expected much different from Rowling.  I could deal with all the murder, dark magic and hatred in the book, but it was always described with taste - skipping over the vulgarities.  Hopefully she won't have the vulgar terms in there next time around.<br/><br/> I was also unhappy with the fluff at the beginning.  It wasn't until about pages 150-200 that things were actually getting interesting.  It seemed like there was a lot of writer's block in the beginning of the book.<br/><br/> I would say this is the worst book of the series.<br/><br/>Good:<br/><br/>Rowling weaved a pretty good story this time around.  After the fluff, the action of the end was awesome and the pages were turning as fast as I could.  Overall, the ending was worth the time and will keep us guessing as she takes time off before book 7.
 This was truly a great read - I couldn't put it down. However I would have liked to see a little less of Voldemort and a little more of Harry learning enough magic to beat Voldemort.  Now he has a new danger to contend with in addition to the real deal Voldemort.<br/><br/>In each book we see Harry using "hidden" skills to come out on top in all his adventures. I can't wait to see him rise to greatness but with one less friend as one died. I hope someone steps in to help him out.<br/><br/>I've read many reviews of people who think this is just a filler for the seventh book. I see where they are coming from, pages and pages of Voldemort's history but only to the end do we rush through all the events that kind of leave us hanging.<br/><br/>I've always had the impression that Snape feels that Harry is not up to the task to beat Voldemort. I can't wait for JKR to prove him wrong.<br/><br/>One is I'm sure is Book 7 is going to be one hell of a book!
 Rowling truly hit her stride and went running with it in this title. even though the big character death wasn't a shock since I read the series so many years after the internet spoiled it for everyone originally, it still was a superior and a shock when it happened.
 I still get a little misty when I think of Dumbledore. This book made me feel things I'm not accustomed to feeling. I look forward to losing my senses in the next book even more.
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is really an amazing book. It is the best out of the five books that I've read and it was worth the money. This books was full of suspense and the climax is great. It also gives a new touch to Harry Potter's character and shows the development of himself and his best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger, growing up into more mature individuals. If you are expecting change in this Harry Potter book this is just what you'll get. The book focuses on Harry and Dumbledore's deep psychological journey to finding the root of Voldemort's origin and setting out by the prophecy to finish him off. This is a must-read-book because it is very exciting, full of adventures and a really great story. I can't wait for the last book to be published and the movies to be the on theatre.MUST READ THIS BOOK!
 I love the Harry Potter series! I reread them every summer.
 Having read previous five books and realizing there were still 2 more to come, I predicted a "filler" book was in order, leaving the main show-down for the last book. I read the beginning pages with apprehension, but instantly found myself immersed in, not the wizarding world, but the average Joe human (muggle) world. The beginning chapter explains the relationship that has been ongoing between the British Prime Minister and the Ministry of Magic (nope, not Fudge, but a new one - Fudge got sacked for being a softy in the heat of the impending Good vs. Evil war).<br/><br/>Harry spends what seems like his shortest summer yet at Privet Drive when Dumbledore, himself, comes to snatch Harry away to go to the Burrow; however, along the way, Dumbledore stops to persuade an old colleague to resume post as a Hogwarts teacher in the newly opened subject... At the Burrow, the teens get their O.W.L. scores. Hermione gets high marks on everything, Harry gets his best marks in, you guessed it, DADA, but not high enough marks in Potions to be an Auror... pity.... Ron scrapes high enough grades to get praise from high emotional mother...<br/><br/>At school, however, we are shocked to learn that Dumbledore's colleague was to resume his long-retired position of Potions Master, making Snape the new DADA teacher. Earlier in the novel, we saw Snape back to his old Death Eater tricks again, so Dumbledore's prolonged trust of Snape is depressing and disappointing.<br/><br/>The new potions teacher, Slughorn, allows Harry to take the class even though he didn't excell in it, which means he would need a book. Slughorn gives him a book to use, but Harry soon discovers that his book has been tampered with. The potion directions have been altered and, after taking a stab at a particularly difficult class assignment, finds the results to be more than beneficial; he ends up out-smarting even Hermione and becomes the star potions-maker of the class! The Half-Blood Prince, the previous owner of the book Harry uses, begins to hold a very high position in Harry's life.<br/><br/>Hermione, thinking back to the Chamber of Secrets, feels it is unsafe to follow the advice of handwritten notes in a book. However, Harry believes the book to be safe. Having followed a suspicious Malfoy around school, Harry becomes obsessed with the idea that Malfoy could be a Death Eater following in his father's footsteps. In addition to his ludacris theories and grueling courseload, Harry also has "lessons" with Dumbledore - in private, of course - where Dumbledore puts collected memories into his Pensieve and he and Harry travel to memories of Tom Riddle's life, hoping to find a weakness or a key to his destruction.<br/><br/>Finally, Harry and Malfoy meet in a violent confrontation in Moaning Myrtle's bathroom. Jynxes as cast and finally, an infuriated Harry uses one of the hexes in the Half-Blood Prince's textbook (which was followed by a note that it was to be only used against an enemy) and instantly regretted he hadn't. The hex caused a giant gash to slice through Malfoy's face and chest, causing a gruesome amount of bloodloss and drama. Of course, timely Snape came in and Harry ended up with Saturday detentions for the rest of the year.<br/><br/>Dumbledore gave Harry a mission to get a memory from Slughorn which holds the key to Voldemorte's destruction. Upon visiting the memory, we find that Voldemorte has exercised the usage of Horcruxes, which are objects in which a wizard injects a piece of his/her soul. To do this, he/she must kill a person, which causes the soul to split, in which case you can inject a half of your soul into an object to become immortal. This is forshadowed in Chamber of Secrets when Riddle says he wasn't dead but wasn't alive and such. The tricky thing is, Voldemorte created not 1 Horcrux, but 7. One piece of his soul is within his body, one was within the journal in Chamber, one was within a ring from his ancestor, one was within Salazaar Slytherin's locket, one is within Hufflepuff's goblet, one is within Nagiri - Voldemorte's "pet" snake, and one is in an object that is related to the Ravenclaw or (less likely) the Gryfindor house. The locket, which Dumbledore and Harry go on a quest for, has already been replaced by a fake with a note from R.A.B. saying that the original locket has been destroyed. Harry destroyed the Journal in the second book, so there are 4 more to find (3 if the locket has been destroyed) not including Voldemorte's body.<br/><br/>Upon arriving back to Hogwarts after going on a mission to get the locket, Harry and Dumbledore see the Dark Mark hovering above the castle. Borrowing brooms from the pub in Hogsmeade, the fly to the tower directly below the Dark Mark to discover a war in progress below them. Harry, beneathe his invisibility cloak, gets petrified by Dumbledore so he won't get caught just as Draco Malfoy bursts through the door and disarms his dear old Headmaster. We learn that Voldemorte blackmailed Draca into killing Dumbledore, but Draca just can't get the deed done, so Snape walks up behind him and performs the Avada Kadevra on Dumbledore, killing him, which means Harry gets un-petrified because the person who inflicted the curse died.<br/><br/>Down the stairs after the Death Eaters Harry persues... In the halls, he finds some of his class mates fighting valiently against the intruding Death Eaters. Seeing as how the castle was 100% more secure than in previous years (with, at times, annoyingly thorough security measures), Draca had told Dumbledore that in the Hall of Requirements, there was a room where people hide things, and in this room was an Invisible Wardrobe in which there was a twin in Knockturn Alley - an invisible link between the two is involved, "teleporting" people into Hogwarts.<br/><br/>Harry persues Draca and Snape out onto the grounds where they are attempting to get off grounds to Disapparate (year 6 means Apparition lessons), but not before a quick duel between Snape and Hadgrid, and then Snape and Harry, and before Harry knows it, Snape is gone.<br/><br/>Harry must face the truth that Dumblefore is, indeed, dead. Whether or not the school will open for another year is up in the air in the final chapter, but after the funeral, a more mature Harry Potter reaches the verdict that he's more vulnerable at Hogwarts than at Privet Drive, so he will return once more to Privet Drive (as Dumbledore has wished), and then venture out to destroy the remaining Horcruxes and send Voldemorte to the grave, once and for all. With his friends by his side, we see what we have been waiting to see all along... Harry Potter embraces his destiny, resolves his inner demons, and does what he needs to do.<br/><br/>Though this installment was "filler"-ish, it carries itself well even though it is a mere transition novel with a few introductions to new concepts. The death of the most powerful character on the "Good" side was a damaging blow, but it was a wake-up call for Harry Potter. He finally realized that he needs to stop relying on adults to protect him and fullfill his part in the prochecy, whatever that may mean.<br/><br/>I didn't exactly like how hormonal Harry Potter was. I mean, it was strange how he would be in the midst of a terrible discovery, and then he would think about how much he's in love with Ginny Weazley (who, by the third quarter of the novel, becomes Harry's steady girlfriend). I thought it was sligtly off-topic to be reading about something interesting and intriguing and then have to go off on some hormonal relationship drama, but I guess they are at THAT age...<br/><br/>Whatever the case, I believe this is the darkest of all the Harry Potter books in that his world, which was for so long his means of escape from the Dursleys or whatever bad might happen, is crashing down around him, and for so long he waited for Voldemorte to come after him, but now he's ready to do what he's needed to do for some time now. I can't wait to see if Hogwarts will open again... It seemed like so many of the teachers had wanted it to...<br/><br/>I keep thinking back on the moment in the final chapters when McGonagall took Harry into the Headmaster's office, which is now her office, to talk to Harry, and he sees Dumbledore's portrait among all of the rest of the dead headmasters. It's heartbreaking, really...
 As with all the previous books, this on was a winner! Looking forward to reading the final chapter, but also a little bit sad.
 Like most people, I was excited to hear that Harry Potter was going to be released. Now, I'm not an obsessive fan that dresses up like the characters, but I have read the series a few times. I bought the book the day that it came out a finished it the next day.<br/><br/>I thought the book was great, however, I was disappointed when J.K Rowling didn't go deeper in some of the characters pasts, such as a certain 'Half Blood Prince'. Also, the book felt a bit rushed and didn't really have any good 'funny moments' that usual happen at Hogwarts. I was also surprised on how Ginny matured and the way Harry was beginning to feel.<br/><br/>Overall, this book was good and it makes the reader yearn for the last installment of the series. Hopefully the last book will answer some questions that people began asking throughout the series.
 I start this off by saying that The Order of the Phoenix was and is still my favourite installment in the Harry Potter series. This book follows the story that we were left off with in Order seamlessly. Harry and his fellow classmates all do grow up a little more, just as they have with every other book. This, I believe, is one of the reasons Rowling continues to have the majority of her original fan base. Even in the midst of terrifying subjects around him, Harry seems to still have an bit of him that we recognize as the original Harry we began to love during his first year living amongst other non-muggles. We do not grow out of these books because as we do grow...so does Harry. We can somewhat recognize with his often moodiness and bitterness (teen'ness) towards not sometimes not being aloud to know the full of what is happening or not being able to participate in whats going on. He strives for being recognized by others for what he truly believes (and rightly believes)he is, that of a great wizard. He, and his classmates all smoothly flow back into the readers mind without any noticeable modifications.<br/><br/>Now as far as the book goes...<br/><br/>  I must conform with the general populous in agreeing that it does fulfill its seemed to be "destiny" with the other books in continuing to grow darker, but seems to rebel from the others in not growing longer. For the first, I am sure, is no "hidden" message or mistake from Rowling. Harry is growing older, and therefore getting closer to his final match with Voldemort. Things are obviously NOT going to be getting any better until that time that Voldemort is slain. In this book, we as the reader are given the maginificent present (or so I believe it to be) of finding out who the character of Tom Riddle (a.k.a Voldemort) really was. This, looking into the life of Tom Riddle, we learn is very important in coming to know the weaknesses of Voldemorts own self. I am truly pleased with how his life was presented to the reader and am even more so with the fact of being able to trace (somewhat) a path from the Riddle timeline before Tom was born, until the time where he fully begins to put himself in the right path to becoming that of Lord Voldemort.<br/><br/>  I believe that in this book, Harry learns more about the world that he lives in and tries to fulfill his destiny more than in any of the other books. The final events that occur in this novel, I believe, are the final pushes that Harry needs in order to get on the path of what he is meant/(needed) for, bringing a final end to the reign of Lord Voldemort and his followers. Along with the introductions of new and well thought of characters, Harry once again finds himself discovering secrets and hidden information about those that surround him. This (once again) brings him misfortune along with the knowledge that he will need in the future.<br/><br/>  Rowling has left us, once again, with a thirst for more. I believe that the next book will be the most anticipated by FAR. Not only for being the last one in the series, but for the fact that book 6 left us with the biggest feeling of needing to know what happens in Harrys future and what will become that of Lord Voldemort. It should be interesting to see how Rowling fills us in from the time after book 6 to the end of book 7. There are many more questions waiting to be answered than in any of the other books, and I believe that as a true Harry Potter fan from the beginning, my thirst has never been stronger.
 The whole series is a lot of fun, and this one is no different.
 Allured by all the fantastic reviews on this book, i decided, yet questioning so, to buy it. Having not read any of the other Harry Potter series books, i was quite nervous, and wondering if i had just wasted 27 dollars. Although i was sure i would understand it, having seen all three of the exsisting movies, and my friends had filled me in on "The Goblet of Fire," and "The Order of the Pheonix." And now it is time for the real review........<br/><br/>Suprised, i came to find i loved this novel, and well, in fact, read as many other Harry Potter series books i can manage. The plot was very grabbing, and the reality of the teen angst almost made it seem believable (in kind of a farfetched way). Although the death of one of the most powerful characters is almost unbelivable, yet alone unbearable, it almost needed to happen.The romance was great, along with Dumbledore and Harry's superb adventures. There is not one thing i would change in this book, and i would not remove one sentence, it was perfect. The battle against good and evil continues, and i will anxiously be awaiting the end of this series. Shocking yet appropriate, joyful yet sad, it is the perfect mix for a classic novel.
 WOW again from start to finish this book has its readers on edge waiting to turn to the next page to see what was to come next for Harry and his friends. A must have book in any collection.
 I was just rereading the book this time enjoyed the book so much the first time had some time and read it again!
 Its Harry Potter. Need I say more?
 I am almost 23 years old, and got hook with Harry when my little brother bought the 1st book, ever since I just got so much into the story that I finished reading the book (and the others) in matter of a day!!.. anyway, each of the books present new and interesting characters, secrets discovered, questions answered &amp; more mystery! and lots of magic of course! yet this new book HALF-BLOOD PRINCE, was slightly disappointing.<br/><br/>it's 90% repetitive. Just new stuff about Lord Voldemort but, Snape being -nevermind, almost let it out-.. well, in other words you sort knew already what was going to happen. :( But!! yes!! BUT!!! the book is more serious than any other and Harry actually stands up for himself, which is good. I loved it when he talked back to Snape!!! hehehe<br/><br/>Read it!
 If you don't like the Harry Potter series or haven't had the opportunity to read it, you are really missing out. The main antagonist has some similarities to a certain dictator. Give it a read.
 Just several sentences to express what I think after reading the Half-blood prince.  At first I am confused by why so much history should be reviewed but soon I recognised the importance of looking into the past to prepare for the future.  Rowling has "destroyed" some very interesting elements in her previous books, eg., the magic school but because of this she can have a new and wide space to write the final book.  I can't wait to see what she will put in the coming finale.  Harry, Ron and Hermione, this special trio will certainly be very active in the future.<br/><br/>What I worry is that: who and how many need to die in the coming final confrontation?
 I began to read this book last night and finished it this morning.  I loved this book, although it was sad that a child's illlusion of childhood began and ended as it does, the book itself is riveting.  I can't wait until the next book comes out!  I hope that it is longer and gives Harry time to learn a bit more than he knows.  I do think he will take the time to learn more than he knows now during the interum between the wedding and the hunt.
 I was one of many who eagerly anticipated the release of this book. When I did finally receive the copy in my hands, I firmly planted myself on my couch and didn't move until I was finished, 7 hours later. I reread it two days later. I'm positive, however, that even if I had not been such a huge fan, I would  have been just as entranced and delighted with JKR's new book.<br/><br/>The plot, of course, was just as complex and fast-paced as we have come to expect, with just enough twists and hints to keep us guessing until the release of the 7th book (a long 2 years from now!), but the thing that stood out to me was the characters. A sucker for romance, I adored every moment of that aspect of the book. It seems to me that 15 years of experience hasn't hurt Jo's writing, and each book is better than the last. What also astounds me in the genius of her writing and her plot... we can only fully appreciate certain points in the previous books after reading the later ones, and understanding how it all fits together.<br/><br/>Clearly I am in favor of everyone reading this novel, my respect for J.K.Rowling is huge, and my love for her books is undying. (A little sappy, yes, but find an HP fan who doesn't agree!)
 After waiting in an incredibly long line at the book store (at midnight) I began reading the sixth book immediately...stoping here and there to take in all the information being thrown at you.<br/><br/>Harry is back and ready to face the undeniable truth of Voldemort's return. Little does he know...Dumbledore is preparing him for the battle of his life with information on exactly why Voldemort didn't die when the Killing Curse bounced off of Harry and hit him (thats something that will blow your mind in itself) Although to begin with Harry doesnt see the essentials of this information...it will however prove itself stronger in the end.<br/><br/>Half-Blood Prince does infact relate to a discovery made by Harry in Chamber of Secrets (amazing how it leads back)!<br/><br/>There is romance for the students this year...and Harry has been promoted to Quidditch Captain. This book is a little more light on Harry's emotions and Harry is finally beginning to accept his destiny as "The Choosen One."<br/><br/>There is a major betrayl in this book and a death that left me to cry myself to sleep (not going to tell you who...but ten times the pain I felt with the death in the 5th book). This death does involve the Half-Blood Prince (which also blew my mind).<br/><br/>With new discoveries...and new Death Eaters rising, the students at Hogwarts are not as safe as they would like to believe. The war is definately in play and is more dangerous than ever. As all emotions that are possible fall on Harry he is resorted to Dark Magic, but only needs to know that his ability to love is what sets him aside from Voldemort and what makes him a powerful wizard.<br/><br/>It has definately become apparent that Harry must face the choice between "what is right and what is easy."<br/><br/>This book is the strongest out of the Harry Potter series.  Every emotion is hit at every angle and the true power of Harry Potter is finally emerging. Don't wait any longer..GET YOUR COPY TODAY!!!
 First, I must say that Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince was well-written and easy to follow.  Just like the others, the ending was exciting and left me wanting more.  My only problem  is that the beginning of the novel was slow.  With the first five books, I could continue reading and never wanting to put them down.  The fifth book had some slow parts in the middle, but I was quickly brought back into the plot.  With the sixth novel, I wasn't "stuck" until Chapter 18 about halfway through the book.  From then on I forgot about the world around me and was following Harry as if I was in a Pensieve.  Other than the slow start, The Half-Blood Prince was an excellent read.
 I enjoyed this book and finished it in 2 days. Rowling delved deeper and deeper into the main characters' minds and we find out more about them. We really see why Voldemort is evil through memories of various characters of Tom Riddle, AKA Voldemort. Professor Slughorn was funny and I enjoyed the scenes with him.<br/><br/>My favorite parts of HBP was reading about all the love stories that developed. I thought the different reactions of characters to love were true and really showed them growing up. I really enjoyed reading about Harry's romance, with whom caught me off guard. I do hope they continue it in book 7.<br/><br/>It's true the ending was very sad but I had a clue about who was gonna die early on, but how he was going to die surprised me. It took me over a day to recover from it. HBP did have a plot but it wasn't as strong as Order of the Phoenix and Prizoner of Azkaban. However I think all the side stories of romance, Harry's private lessons, and Voldemort's past made up for this. HBP was a good lead-in to book 7, which I'm sure will rap everything up. I know I'll be sad when I won't have to look forward to another book though. I hope she makes more.
 The sixth book was very different than the previous books. But the question is whether it was better than other books, equal to them or worth the read.<br/><br/>My opinion is that it was interesting, but not most interesting in the series. I felt like there were some really interesting facts revealed, but at the same time boring. The other books gave such an amazing visual sense when reading. It was like I was watching TV with my imagination the characters were so realistic. I would read and say, "I know that person" and plots were so multi-dimensional. There were unexpected twists and turns in the books. It really made you want to reread the stories again and again.<br/><br/>In HBP, I didn't feel that way. When I was done the book, I didn't reread it cause I wanted to look for clues for the next book and I thought that the book even dragged a bit. It wasn't till the end that it got interesting. Which was good, but I didn't feel as emotional as I did in the fifth book (not to give anything away). I just didn't feel as involved in the story as previous books.<br/><br/>I know that JK tried to make HBP more mature, but the only thing that really happened is that she left out the incredible detail her books once had. The in-depth details about how character felt and reacted in situations was silenced. The language vocabulary didn't change, just the lack of detail.<br/><br/>All in all, the book was better than average fantasy books. Yet, compared to the Harry Potter books it falls short. I was really looking forward to the book, and I was surprised at how JK wrote this book. I'm trying to decide whether to buy the next book or not. I might just wait for it in the library or borough it from a friend.
 Amazing books  can’t wait to read the next one it will be awesome I bet can’t wait I am loving the seiries
 This was a great read! I started reading the HP books from Sorcerer's Stone, all borrowed on the Learning Library, and have had a great experience! The only problem I would have would be that it'd be nice to borrow more than one book in a month.. by the time I reached this one, I was finished within two weeks!
 I think there's a bit more to this book than meets the eye.  There's a few crumbs dropped along the way that make me think that there's some twists still to come.  That's all I'm going to say about the book, other than I thought it was great.  It is different to the other books in that there isn't such a strong storyline pulling it along and there's no real introduction of strange and wonderful new places.  That said this book is about the end of innocence.  Harry and pals are no longer star-struck kids, and the world isn't viewed in the same wide-eyed, should I say 'magical' way.  This is more a book of vengance and even hate, rather than a book about chocolate frogs.<br/><br/>I read the book from cover to cover in a day, and I'm far from being a kid.  I've loved the series so far and this moved the plot along nicely.  Even the reviewers that said they didn't like it seem to have managed to cram in over 600 pages in a day!<br/><br/>I've seen a few dodgy reviews in the UK press (a lot of excellent ones too, mind), where we love to knockdown our idols.  These are the same sort of people that knocked LOTR because Sam's accent was wrong.  They miss the point a bit.  I like a good story, if I wanted romatic prose, I'd read Shakespeare.  And this is a very good story.  I've always said a good book will stay with your for life, and in 30 or 40 years time, kids (and hopefully me) will be talking about the excitement they felt when a new Potter novel was released.  They'll read them to their kids and their grand kids.  Just make the last part extra long, I don't want it to end any sooner than it has to.<br/><br/>One last thing for other reviewers, please, please, please no more spoilers.  You really could ruin someone's enjoyment.  You've had your chance to read and enjoy, just let others know if you liked it or not.  We all know you can read, so there's no need to impress us with what you've learnt.
 well it was a little sad . and I didn't understand what happened to Dumbledore when he drank the water or potion what so ever and he shouldn't have died I loved it any ways or I would have rated it 5 stars  Harry Potter &amp; the Half Blood Prince
 I wasn't exactly sure what I should rate this book, but I decided to give it 5 stars. I could not wait to get this book and once I started reading it I could not put it down. The plot of the story, I thought, was very good. I especially loved all the relationship dilemas because they seemed like real-life situations. But to tell you the truth I wasn't totally satisfied with the last few chapters. I was very sad to see one of my favorite characters die and very upset at how it happened. It seemed that the person who killed him/her didn't really have a motive. I also didn't like how Rowling did not go into more detail about their classes and the school life. That always has been one of my favorite parts of the other books. But I have to say I still enjoyed this book very much and am looking foward to the seventh book.
 While this is rightfully one of the best book series I have ever read, this book in particular draws out every imaginable emotion. Almost to the end and you cannot help but wish that the series would last forever.
 Harry Potter never disappoints.  Can't wait to read the next book.
 Excellent as are all the Harry Potter books. The story gets darker, with unexpected twists and turn that keep you glued to the page.  Can't wait to read the next one!
 When this book arrived in the mail (on release day, thanks to the ever-speedy service of the wonderful Amazon.com) I started to read it instantly. I just couldn't put it down. As things become more serious in Harry's world the suspense goes over the top. It is of course wonderfully written and at it's end I literally wanted to cry. I'm 17 and not much of a "tearer" but the book's end (as well as the entire book) parallels with real teenage (and adult) life and sparks the magic that touches us all. I know Harry Potter may seem to be a hype, but just as Professor Flitwick teaches his wizards and witches, the book has sparkling charms as if the professor created it himself. Please enjoy this classic sixth adventure of the life of Harry Potter!!!
 I got a copy of the "Half-Blood Prince" in the morning and have just finished reading it. It was a superb book. The idea's J.K Rowling put in it are mind blowing. Harry is feeling torn between his loyalty to Ron, and what he really wants. His loyalty to Dumbledore makes him say to the new Minister of Magic, " yeah, I'm Dumbledore's man." Harry recives his O.W.L results when he vists the Burrow, which is now the headquarters for the Order of Phoenix because since Sirius has died, Bellatrix Lestrange has recived the house. Not wanting to, but having to, Harry recives Kreacher. On a happier note, Harry becomes the captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch Team! When Harry goes back to Hogwarts, he is suprised to find out that Dumbledore's old friend, Slughorn or something, is the Potions teacher. Snape, for some odd reason, is finally the Dark Arts teacher. Harry recives a copy of the potions making book required, and finds out it belongs to the Half-Blood Prince. Thus, with the help of the notes in the Prince's book, Harry becomes the talented student Slughorn never had the enjoyment of teaching before. Hermione is furious that Harry is the best student in the class. A romantic relationship has sprung up between Ron and Lavender. Harry finds it amusing when Lavender calls Ron "Won-Won" but soon enough, he starts to find himself watching Ginny and hoping she will break up with Dean. Dumbledore tells Harry about how he has to kill all 7 parts of Voldemort's soul to make him a mortal man. He and Harry go searching for one of the objects, only to find a fake object. When they return the Hogwarts, Dumbledore is weaker than before. A gang of Death Eaters sneak into Hogwarts, and a fight starts.From the rest, a betrayal, a death of a beloved character, a surprise finding about the Malfoys, you just can't miss reading the Half-Blood Prince.
 The book was much better than book number five.  I was however dissapointed towards the end of the book.  Not because of the ending, as there is obviously much more to that, but it seemed rushed.  Many details of the story were forgotton and not expanded on. I hope book 7 is not rushed as well to meet a publishing deadline.  Was anyone captured or killed during the last battle?  I would of thought the Minister of Magic would have been pleased and expanded on this with his conversations with Harry.<br/><br/>I had the audio version of the book and was very pleased with Jim Dale's rendition.  He has had excellent performances with all the books to date.
 I am an adult reading youth fiction, but I love the Harry Potter books and this one is no exception. The saga continues and it's great that the characters are growing up and the reader can see that in their actions and reactions. Harry, Ron, Ginny, and Hermione are having regular teen problems now.  This book is very sad at the end, but it is also hopeful as Harry knows what he has to do next concerning You-know-who. For you Harry Potter fans, this is a must read!
 Question: Is the horrifically terrible let-down of an ending to what had looked to be the best book in the Harry Potter series explainable by the possibility that Ms. Rowling left her sanity at the door?<br/><br/>Loved the first 4/5ths; the last 1/5 made me wanna scream at J.K. Rowling. St. Basil on a flagpole, but what on earth was the woman thinking when she ended HPATHBP like that?<br/><br/>May Peeves take up lodging under your bed for this, J.K. Rowling.<br/><br/>PS Okay, okay, it was STILL a pretty good book.
 The author writes beautifully and the book keeps you intrigued and wanting to know what happens next. Great s stores of books!
 Always when I finish this book I feel so empty. Very similar to the feeling I get when I read of Gandalf's death or transformation in The Fellowship Of The Ring.
 I can only repeat what so many have already said.  The Half-Blood Prince is a great story of fantasy and fun, with story twists that keep the reader turning pages.  Rowling has her eye on the adult with this novel of Harry Potter, especially.  One keeps speculating who the Prince was or is, but that in itself is just one of the puzzles in this complicated, yet easy to follow, great read.  Now that months have gone by since I finished it, I realize this is one of those books that one must read and read again.  If you haven't read it yet, then you're overdue.  Get the book, grab a blanket to snuggle under if it's winter, a cup of your favorite coffee, and ENJOY!
 My daughter read the book.  I read it previously.  Great read - s/b at least 10 years old I think before reading the book - some parts might be upsetting.  Fantastic story.
 One of JK Rowling's best in the series yet! This book was the perfect length having each chapter entice the reader to stay up a wee bit later and keep reading!!! All favorite characters are back and many more adventures occur; there is darkness as expected and a few creepy instances but overall a superb next installment of this series.
 Great book, great series, I am an adult, wish this book and the series was around when I was a youngster.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince was a truly astonishing book. The plot was very complex, though. I believe that the five points all readers should recognize are these.<br/><br/>1. Dumbledore was finally proved to have made a grave error, and to be destroyed by that which he had trusted, Snape. Snape reveals the true character Harry has loathed and suspected since his first Potions class. Because of this, Harry is now alone. Parents, godfather, and teacher have now all left him and he is soon to be of age.<br/><br/>2. The only way to fully vanquish Lord Voldemort is to destroy the four remaining Horcruxes before Harry battles Voldemort's body himself. Also, that the prophecy that seemed so important in book 5 is only important because of Harry's feeling and the love for his family and friends, and hatred of the Dark Magic.<br/><br/>3. Are the Malfoy's as evil as has been suspected? Voldemort seems to want Draco killed, and Lucius has disappointed him twice already. Draco already failed his first big assignment as a Death Eater, to kill Dumbledore. Is he truly evil?<br/><br/>4.Harry states that he will not return to Hogwarts. That seems like sacrilege, given that the 7 books are supposed to chronicle his school years. Will Book 7 bring unforetold surprise?<br/><br/>5. I think that R.A.B. and the fake Horcrux will have true meaning in Book 7. Does anyone else think that R.A.B. could very well mean Regulus Black, the young brother of Sirius? WOuld make things interesting. Also, Harry inherited 12 Grimmauld Place, meaning that a Horcrux may be there if Regulus indeed took one?<br/><br/>I think the love stories in this book seemed rather inevitable. By the end, Bill and Fleur are together, Ron and Hermione, and Ginny and Harry, although Harry claims it can't be. I think the only surprise is Tonks and Lupin.<br/><br/>This is a rather twisted and jumpy overview, but I don't have a lot of time.
 J.K. is a brilliant author. She belongs on the top 3 of all time. Reasonable, non? Well more on the book. It took me 2 days to read the book. Which disappoints me. The book was surprisingly short. Too short in fact. There could have been another 200+ pages of information that had been added in. This book doesn't have the warm and fuzzy feeling I had when if read Goblet t of fire. A lot of things that where missing (things I wanted more about: the DA meetings, some more classroom scenes, more adventures with Ron and Hermione, more quiditch). Lots of twists and turns in the story. Chapter 29 was wonderful, it made me cry.<br/><br/>The book was great, I wish it would have never end. Must read.
 A basic battle tactic is to know your enemy. That' just what Harry has to do, learn about Voldemort. Why is he evil? Is Voldemort his real name? What is his connection to Harry and Dumbledore? All of these questions and more are revealed in this, my favorite book in the series.
 I loved this book best of all the others.  It answered a lot of questions about Voldermort's past and I felt it really tied everything together.  The main task left for the final book is to finish off Voldermort.<br/><br/>If you haven't finished the book, don't read on!  *Spoilers*<br/><br/>Am I the only one that thinks Dumbledore may come back in book 7?  Did Snape really kill him?  Or was it an elaborate scheme between Snape and Dumbledore?  If they would've let Harry and the others in on it, would they have been able to convince people that Dumbledore was dead, not "hiding out"?; probably not.  Dumbledore instisted that Harry get Snape, and Snape alone, not Madame Pompfrey.  He also pleaded with Snape to be the one that performed the curse, thus "fulfillng" his unbreakeable vow. And in the end, Snape would let no harm come to Harry.  With all the great magic that Dumbledore is suppose to be capable of, I don't doubt that his death was faked and he will return when Voldermort is finished off.
 Second time i've read it and enjoyed it more. I realized I missed a lot the first time.
 Couldn't put the damn thing down! This one was the best page turning book of the series so far. A little slow to begin, but once you get through the first part it all comes together.
 Excellent read. Potter books are all great, and the author deserves all she has earned.
 I think Rowling made some mistakes in her last books that contribute to a feeling of "why?" in the latest installment of the Potter series.<br/><br/>**SPOILER**<br/><br/>In the 3rd book, Hermione and others have access to time travelling devices.  She and Harry go back in time and save Sirius and Buckbeak.  Why isn't that used in this book to save Dumbledore?  Snape says in the first book that one who is adept at Potions can put a "stopper in death".  If that is true, why doesn't the greatest wizard around not have that Potion on hand - just in case?  Dumbledore has to know he's a target at this point.<br/><br/>Also -a decent portion of the classroom time is devoted to casting spells without speaking them.  Harry, who has mastered the technique, cannot seem to cast a spell when he is under the Invisibility Cloak to save Dumbledore?  Also, in the first book, it is explained that when Harry is very frustrated or upset, magic just happened (having his hair butchered by Petunia and growing back in one night and the episode at the zoo for example).  However, when he is witnessing the scene with Malfoy, Snape and Dumbledore, nothing happens?  Nothing!!!<br/><br/>Hogwarts is always touted as the best wizarding school. Yet, its graduates who work at the Ministry of Magic can't figure out a way to protect Hogwarts against the likes of Malfoy???  I expected to see some alumni of Hogwarts doing a better job at catching, at the least, some real death eaters.  How is it that Harry and his friends are the only competent wizards in the world?<br/><br/>It also didn't seem to make sense for the DA to stop meeting now that they knew Voldemort was back.  Those meetings were some of the most enjoyable parts of Book 5.  I could have done with a bit less kissing and a bit more Neville and Luna.  They are great characters and were all but ignored in this installment.<br/><br/>Though I missed the antics of the Dursleys, it was very effective to change the "normal routiene" of the first few chapters.<br/><br/>I didn't think this book lived up to the other Potter books.  The first 100 pages were exciting as were the last 100.  The middle was basically like an episode of Saved by the Bell with wands.  This book was a bit on the bloody side.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone under 10 or 11.
 I really like the surprises in this book, it kept me guessing till the end, and I'm still left guessing, till the seventh one comes out!<br/><br/>In every book, JKR shows us a new part of the wizarding world, for example, Ministry of Magic and St. Mungos in Book 5, portkeys, house elves in book 4, Hogsmeade, Dementors, Patronuses in Book 3, etc. etc. So I was expecting insights into some other facets of the wizarding world which haven't been dealt with yet: goblins and Gringotts, transfigurations (Animagi) of some of the key characters in the books, Dragons in Romania, the merPeople, ghosts and poltergeists, being some of them. There weren't many new facets of the wizarding world shown in this book, besides Horcruxes and Inferi.<br/><br/>AS a result, I felt the initial parts of the book were slimmed down by an editor; JKR when left to herself would have written longer, and richer text, full of those incidental details which add so much to the book. I hope the seventh book is fuller and rich with details like the 'Order of the Phoenix'. The initial parts of the book felt too much like the first and second book in the series - not that they are bad, just less complex and not as rich in detail.<br/><br/>Also, Kreacher was serving two masters in Book 5, so how come<br/>Harry was able to trust him and command him in book 6?<br/><br/>The thing I really hate - having to wait till the seventh book is out and for all the loose ends to be tied up!<br/><br/>Loved it, but would have liked it to be about 200 pages longer with detail and supplementary character descriptions and incidents.<br/><br/>Please hurry up with Harry Potter no. 7, JKR! We can't wait! and make it as long as you like, the more for us to read!!!
 Be warned: lower on this review is a spoiler i will have another warning before I write this.<br/><br/> I really like how this book ended up. I was very wary of it because I didn't know if she could write a well written book in 600 some pages. But it ended up very good. There was tradegy, action, romance, and as always humor. Most authors can write the first three but very few can imput humor as she did. The scene with the Dursleys is hilarious and Fred and George's " U-No-Poo" is quite funny also. She wrapped up some questions and added some more. The second chapter makes you start to wonder if everything she built up about Snape is a lie. In the first five she seems to be insisting that Snape is good, even if Harry is always suspicious. In the second chapter Snape takes the Unbreakble Vow and the questions begin. Is Snape truly on Dumbledores side? Is everything he said to Bellatirx true? Is he just playing both sides against eachother? I especially liked this twist in the story. One of my favorite differences betweent his and the fifth book was how Harry had matured. He thought before he acted more, and seemed to have forgiven Dumbledore for what happened.  A lot of people were glad that in the 5th harry had begun to stick up for himself but I felt that he had rash outbursts. This book it seems he has his emotions undercontrol.<br/><br/>The romance is good but I am getting a tiny bit sick of the Ron and Hermione mess. They both should just suck up there pride and go out! But it still was amusing with the "won won" bit. I won't give anything away about Harry's romance, I'll only say one word. "FINALLY!"<br/><br/>SPOILER!!!!!!!!!!!! PLEASE DON'T READ THIS UNLESS YOU HAVE READ THE BOOK!!!!!<br/><br/>SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER!!!!!<br/><br/>i hope that was enough warning. I had predicted that Dumbledore would die in this book but was very upset to find out I was true. I had always figured he would go out in a blaze of glory. But i think this way was better. If you notice he died extending love. The funeral is probably one of the most beautiful funeral's I have seen or read. Through out the whole chapter tears rolled down my face. It was beatifully written and I hope other's appreciate it as much as I did.<br/><br/>Overall it is my favorite book. It was strongly written and well worth the wait. I feel it was a gigantic build up to book 7 but a very well written build up. A must read!!
 This is a very great book for many of us Harry Potter fans. Harry, who does not ask to be invold in many cases is yet again going against the flow, and staying on what he believes is the true course of action. Haveing lost so much in the past can he do anything but strive ahead and find the one that is behind all his problems. This book is writen so well that once you start reading you just don't want to put it down. Not only does Harry have a great adventure so did I while reading his story. There is answers to questions and then there are new question that are offer up to be ponder.
 I love the whole Harry Potter series, their just so much fun to read.
 I'm a HUGE fan of the Harry Potter books, and one of the things i find more amazing is that you can actually see that all of the characters in the books grow from book to book thanks to their experiences!<br/><br/>This book was, for me, the most emotional one, and still, it could be considered the one with the most action.I can't really say that this book is better then it's predecessors but i can tell you that it's definitely not worse!In this book we finally get to know more about Dumbledore and Voldemort, which i find very important, because it straightened things out.<br/><br/>Now the only thing to do is wait for the conclusion of the series, and hope that it doesn't take to long!
 Probably my favorite book in the series. Everything starts coming to ahead. Must read again if you haven’t or just want a refresh.
 Its a great book, just like all the others.<br/><br/>The way Rowling writes is just amazing, she tells you all the details, and it doesn't get boring at all.<br/><br/>The problem with this 6th part is that there doesn't really happen a lot.<br/><br/>It really is a runner up to the 7th book, everything you read tells you the 7th book is going to be spectaculair.<br/><br/>But in this one... nothing really happens.<br/><br/>Well, actually there does, but only near the end. When something happens you won't really expect ( Someone already told me once, im still pissed off about that, but if you dont know what will happen, you will be like OMG!)<br/><br/>Apart from the end its just Harry chasing Malfoy.<br/><br/>Harry playing Quidditch<br/><br/>Harry potter falling in love. etc...<br/><br/>Don't get me wrong, the book is still great. And a must read, its just a bit disapointing comparing it to The Order of the Phoenix (which i read 2 times, and it rocks!)<br/><br/>Still buy it, cause you won't regret it!
 I got the Harry Potter book the day it came out but i wasnt one of the people that have been waiting years for the book I have read all 5 books so far and am currently reading the 6th. I am enjoying it so far but I found that the first chapter of the book was pretty boring but come the second chapter i really got into it. Although the first chapter is kind of boring it was somewhat funny. I am glad the Harry isnt really self-ubsorbed in this book which is good. I dont think that this book is for kids under 10 because i have heard a couple radio morning shows that have been talking about Harry Potter and that the older that harry gets the darker the book is getting too. I think that J.K Rowling is trying to keep up with the kids because the older harry is getting the kids the read the books are getting to but she is losing some younger readers as well. Overall the book is great and i give it a 4 out of 5
 I had not read these books when they first came out and thought they were strictly for kids. Did see the movies and enjoyed them. Now working through the books and am thoroughly enjoying filling in the gaps of the movies.
 This book was the best alongside the fourth book. I was slightly let down by the fifth book but I understand that it was necessary to advance in the series. This book ended dramatically, but in the end this book did exatly what it needed to for the story. This is not for children under 13 years of age. However, this book is perfect for me beause just like Harry, I have been following the story ever since I was twelve. J.K. Rowling did an excellent job, and I am happily waiting for the next book to come out.<br/><br/>Parents one more thing. If you honestly believe that this book is too much, make sure to talk about it to your kids. Because whether you like it or not, this book encourages children to read, regardless of the content of the book. What they learn and take from these books is entirely up to you.
 I must give J.K. Rowling all my admiration.  The Half Blood Prince breaks boundries of love and knowledge.  To say that this book is great is an understatement from Ron and ???????? to Harry and ????? to the death of someone dear to all our hearts because of a great betrayal to a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher this book takes what we know about the magical world that Rowling has spun for us and adds to it more, if posible.  Absolutely the best book to come.  Unfortunatly it leaves you hanging a bit so hears a message to our beloved author you might want to start up again, who needs a life?  Great, read it, love it is all I can say.
 The hallmark of great fiction is to be able to sharpen the irony evident in the oxymoron: believable fiction. Great fiction creates a new World, a world that is largely entirely unconnected, often comparatively surreal, to the one we inhabit, and yet stunningly real when interpreted and imagined. Writing fiction is easy, creating that world of entirely believable characters and the turn of events that they are haplessly tossed in is another matter altogether. That is why great fiction engages us, it stirs our values and beliefs, and it poses us difficult dilemmas and stokes in us a fundamental human faculty: the ability to care for the lives and times of people we will meet only in the bounds of the medium that we are holding.<br/><br/>The Harry Potter series, the sixth installment of which was delivered to eager believers and devotees last Saturday in the form of Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince (HP6), qualifies for great fiction. Beware of that word. Thanks to shallow cricket commentators and juvenile media news anchors, the usage of the word `great' is so steeped in our minds that it is all but diluted as the lowest form of superlative available. What words are now we left with to describe feat of such astonishing heights? How to describe an attempt that so gracefully gaps the bridge between fact and fantasy, lapping us up in these eminently humbling parallels?<br/><br/>Author JK Rowling had an unenviable task when she began the construction of HP6, the penultimate edition of the saga of the good versus the evil. She had to unravel the scores of knots tied throughout the first five books, to satisfyingly answer at least some of the questions that have been haunting the readers ever since the bespectacled boy wizard set out on the eventful journey to Hogwarts. Secondly, she had to set the stage for what definitely would be most awaited publication of a book in Human History: HP7, where the story would culminate after an ultimate showdown between the good and the evil. And she had to o this without sacrificing the independent identity of this book. It is little wonder that Mrs. Rowling had admirably achieved an `Exceeds Expectations' in all these tests, though quite not in a manner that one would have expected.<br/><br/>HP6, like its famed predecessors, is the story of Harry and his friends (not to forget the enemies) at a year at Hogwarts. This school of wizardry and witchcraft is not isolated from the macabre events that are unfolding in their embedding world of wizards, which is in a state of war ever since Lord Voldemort strives to regain his ascendancy. Danger after danger strikes Harry, his friends and the age-enfeebled Hogwarts Headmaster, Dumbledore. In addition to all the usual problems such as winning Quidditch games and sorting out the troubled gifts of adolescence, Harry has the additional responsibility of establishing the identity of his unexpected `friend', the Half Blood Prince.<br/><br/>To strike the enemy where it would hurt him the most, Dumbledore and Harry together embark on a journey of understanding the psyche of Lord Voldemort. As expected, this journey, that takes us through the evolution of the greates dark wizard Lord Voldemort from the orphaned Tom Marvolo Riddle, is fraught with dangers and often grotesque surprises, and ends in a heart-shattering battle that involves Harry witnessing the now customary death of an important character. It is as an aftermath of this battle, where HP6 ends that Harry comes of age, both figuratively and literally.<br/><br/>If the above plot summary sounds similar to the previous few episodes of the saga, then the similarity ends here. HP6 is not an easy read and seen in that context, Mrs. Rowling is to be commended for displaying the abilities of her protagonist - a certain disregard for rules and the nerve to tread the unbeaten paths. The hackneyed descriptions of Quidditch encounters, the clumsy adolescent love games, and the introduction of seemingly unnecessary plot characters are done away with, just like the excess flab of the previous two editions. (HP6 is a good 300 pages shorter and tighter than Hp5. At least kids will be able to lift the volume without the fear of a Potter elbow injury fear).<br/><br/>Thus, Mrs. Rowling has succeeded in delivering a perfectly packed punch: full of surprises and a hint of the bloodshed of the things to come in the last edition. There in lies her skill: the identity of the two characters: the Half-Blood Prince and the important character who dies are not at all surprising at the outset of the novel, at least to old Potter hands (a number that roughly equals 15 million). However, the manner in which the events unfold and the identities are revealed are bound to unsettle the reader - just like the rest of this volume.<br/><br/>Of course there are flaws. The prose sounds tired and repetitive (notice the excessive use of `of course') and certain characters are poor stereotypes: like the Muggle Prime Minister and the usual new teacher who joins Hogwarts. Further, the first half of the plot does not involve much action, and sometimes one wondered what the point of some sub-plot points was. Also, the flashback occurring from Dumbledore's penseive has a `planted' and hurried feel into it (contrast this with the nail-biting flashback that occurred through Snape's penseive in HP5). Patience was required, but clearly was a luxury when we are nearing to the end of the series.<br/><br/>These flaws are to be neglected. Great fiction asks for a few allowances to the reader, but what it gives in return - a passage to a new, enchanted World, a world that has an erringly familiar and yet a phantasmagorical, unbounded ethereal quality to it; a World from which you can shut out but never entirely abandon - has few parallels.<br/><br/>All in all, HP6, the story of how Harry Potter comes of age, is a highly recommended read. Great fiction is always so, no matter what the assaults on it have been in the recent past. Grab your copy today!
 Great read, maby the best book in the series. Not much else to say about it. If you like harry potter buy it.
 "Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince" is, in my opinion, the best of the Harry Potter novels to date. It has surpassed "Prisoner of Azkaban" as my favorite ten fold. It's the best paced of the Potter novels and draws you closer to a character that will have you in tears in the end. However, I feel, that this is the first Harry Potter novel that didn't ahve a proper ending. It almost as if JK Rowling wrote a massive final book and broke it up into book Six and Seven, leaving us hanging just in the end. But instead of having us feel cheated by the sudden end in the story, we feel as if we have been given a taste of the unbelievable ending to come.
 Book six is a definite page-turner, this one will grab you and keep you interested. It also brings a more 'adult' line of thought into play, showing the development and maturation of her characters.  I was relieved that Ms. Rowling took it up a notch or two compared to book 5, adding more darkness, but am still a little disappointed in her lack of any explanation of HOW the magic really works.  I'm still cheerfully looking forward to the last installment.<br/><br/>Durk Simmons<br/><br/>author "Strings of Connection: Book One of the Witches in America Series"
 If I could give this 100 stars, I would!  I love, love, love all Harry Potter books!  I've read them all 5 or 6 times and was pleased to find them available on my Kindle through KindleUnlimited.  I highly recommend this series to anyone and everyone!!!
 IF YOU HAVEN'T READ THE BOOK YET, DON'T READ THIS REVIEW.<br/><br/>I have enjoyed the Harry Potter series from the beginning.  The first books were riveting, concise and well-written.  I couldn't put them down.  The action was meaningful and compelling.  The books flowed from one event to the next with seeming efortlessness.  The characters were interesting and varied.  The humor was replete.  Book 6 is a disappointment in comparison.<br/><br/>The first half of the book is boring and very easy to set aside.  It is a poor attempt to connect book 6 with the previous 5, and is done in a tedious fashion.  The characters have become less vibrant and alive.  The writing style is ponderous.  Sentence construction is not clear, so the communication of ideas becomes questionable at times.  The constant overuse of semi-colons makes for paragraph-long sentences.<br/><br/>I have been waiting through 6 books to see more action with Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff.  This now seems like it will not happen in my lifetime. Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff seem to be included at the school only to function as the losers at Quidditch.<br/><br/>The second 300 pages become what the book should have been from the beginning.  Following are the things that disappoint me about the plot.  No new characters besides Slughorn and Scrimgoeur are introduced. There is no more character development of Dumbledore (who is he, what are his motivations for action or inaction in relation to his past? This is the sixth book after all and he is a major character)  Slughorn is supposed to be this whiz potions guy, but he becomes completely ineffectual when Ron is poisoned and Harry has to save the day (pretty lame way to create a situation for Harry to act)  There is way too much snogging involved (although my 15-year-old daughter thought those parts were funny, they were overdone).  Malfoy is supposedly a shoddy operator even though all the years of training at Hogwarts and his nasty vindictive personality should be enough for him to manage to deliver two dark spells properly (which result in not-believable accidents that send students to the hospital.  Other questions that relate to this area are: why did Slughorn make up mass quantities of these potions to show to his class instead of just samples?  And, at the end of the book we learn that the Felix Felices takes 6 months to stew, so did Slughorn mix this up months in advance of Dumbledore's and Harry's visit to twist his arm to return to Hogwarts and teach?  And if so, why?  Do potions have shelf-lifes?  How could Malfoy get out of Slughorn's classroom with so much of the Polyjuice Potion without Slughorn noticing? Crabbe and Goyle disguised as girls was a cheap trick and silly, not in keeping with Malfoy's nastiness). And lastly, a general static quality to the writing except for a few small unconnected scenes.<br/><br/>What I liked about the book were: 1. Dumbledore sharing the Pensieve memories with Harry to introduce Voldemort's past and his motivations for action.  2.  The interactions among Harry, Ron and Hermoine (except for their series-long, tiresome, continual disbelief in Harry's observations and conclusions).<br/>3. The exceptional character development of Snape tying in what we learned of him in the past books.  The way he is portrayed as riding the line between good and evil and his commitment to Dumbledore in an attempt to atone for his past errors culminates in the scene at the Astronomy tower where he fulfills his Vow to Narcissa Malfoy and follows Dumbledore's orders at the same time.  Then we see him attempting to protect Malfoy and his own life as he leaves Hogwarts. Coupled with his deep loathing of Harry and Harry's father is his love for Harry's mother.  As he battles those conflicting feelings while Harry confronts him repeatedly as he is trying to escape with Malfoy, these scenes make Snape the star of the book.
 I was highly anticipating the release of this book and I was not disapointed in the least. It was full of information and tied up a lot of loose ends in the story. It was a page turner from beggining to end, and while the end was not entirely a surprise it was still a very good ending. Many new relationships develope during this book, and a lot of history is explored. I would not recommend reading this book without first having read the other harry potter books. But for Harry fans, this is a must-have book.
 I'd have to agree with a few of the other reviews in that the first part of the book did see to drag somewhat.  It was, however, crammed full of listless pertinent details, but it didn't really become the page-turner reminiscent of past books until the final third of it.  The main character death was incredible!  Although I suspected it, I honestly didn't think this particular character would die until the final book and the way it happened completely threw me.  The one thing I was surprised most about was the HUGE cliffhanger ending.  While the other books in the series always left the end open to continue the story, this book leaves you not only wanting to go on, but screaming at the book for suddenly ending.<br/><br/>As I said, the first part of the book is mostly about tying up loose ends and and answering A LOT of questions, but the build-up is definitely worth it.  By the end, you are an emotional wreck, just like the characters in the story.<br/><br/>Here's hoping J. K. Rowling gets the last book out fast, but not so fast as to not end the series with the BANG it and she both deserve.
 I picked it up on Saturday morning and started reading as soon as I got home at 4p.m.  Couldn't put it down so I finished around 12 a.m. Absolutely wonderful, all questions were answered and as with the previous 5 many surprises were found within its pages. J.K. Rowling has a way of opening peoples imaginations and bringing fantasy to life.  Its wonderful to be able to be an adult and know through reading that the imagination doesn't get weaker with age. I await book seven with a mixture of joy and sadness.
 Harrys potters next adventure takes the series deeper and darker into the depths of just what is act the core of the series. The darkest of secrets are upon us in a time when in the growing danger, even the lightest of humor is being overshadowed by the horrible secrets of the past, and the betrayels of those once trusted moves Harry Potter in to what may very well be the most important part of his life, when a knowledge is found, and the most challanging fight and flight of his life is laid before him.<br/><br/>jk rowling, who was known for her humor took a darker turn. in voldemorts return, and the death and destruction that is falling around both the magical and muggle community, humor is growing more febler as those within harrys inner circle deal with a war on their hands. however the darker turn provides the reader with a twisting and turning plot that both shocks and incresses the readers interest, for there are answers to one of the single more important question to the entire plot, and it has to do with Voldemort himself.<br/><br/>But sacrafices must be made, for harry must grow up, to choose his own destiny. his life will never be the same.<br/><br/>Though the previous books were dark, Half-Blood Prince shows just how dark the imagination of JK Rowling can go. therefore, I recommend then that perants of younger children either read the book first to decide if they feel their children can cope with the darkest installment yet, or read it with them.<br/><br/>overall, the book is a excellent, though slightly disturbing and unsettling continuation of the worlds more famous boy wizard.
 This book was great! No matter how many times Harry, Hermione, Ron, or Ginny disagreed with one another, they remained friends! What a wonderful message to know!!!
 Okay, to get the basics out of the way: I've never read a Harry Potter book but have listened to the audio versions of all of them. All but the second by Jim Dale and he has, once again, done a fabulous job.<br/><br/>So good is Dale's performance that I'd almost give this work 4 stars. But thinking more of the story it stays firmly at 3.<br/><br/> *All The Talk<br/><br/>As other's have already said this book is consumed with exposition. It's really a book explaining how things came to be the way they were. The answers it gives are more or less technical answers: how Voldemort managed this or that. The questions it raises are more significant, which may leave readers feeling unsatisfied.<br/><br/>One could cynically believe that much of the story of the book is an attempt to sketch out an ongoing quest for Harry to fulfill (after all he's about to graduate so what are the next six books going to be about?).<br/><br/>A lot of talk and explanation, as I say, even the climactic "battle" is more a chatty showdown.<br/><br/> *Weak Plot<br/><br/>The problem Rowling faces is that children's fiction to some degree relies on formula. Repetition of familiar elements (summer at the Dursleys, the Burrow, Hogwart's Express, revealing who the Dark Art's teacher is, Quidditch, Harry v Draco, Harry v Snape, Dumbledore's explanations) provide familiarity for younger readers but exasperate Potter's older fans.<br/><br/>What remains of the plot after all the talk and these standard elements is very little.<br/><br/> *Mishandled Characters<br/><br/>The character development in this book is the most obvious weakness. In fleshing out Voldemort and having Harry grow up, Rowling has mismanaged almost all the other characters.<br/><br/>All we've learned about Dumbledore and Snape is reduced to rubble by the end of the story, the question remains whether the next book will reveal a twist to the tale, as events stand the characters have retreated to cliche.<br/><br/>The other supporting characters have failed to move on at all. It's amazing that after all they've seen Harry go through and the number of times he's been proved right that no one listens to anything he says.<br/><br/>It's possible that with the next installment the story will launch into new heights and this book will be seen as a slow, but necessary, turning point.<br/><br/>But on its own merits this book suggests the Harry Potter series has jumped the shark, but good.
 I finished the Half Blood Prince yesterday, I didn't find it overly long. In fact I thought the author was writing more for an older audience. The storyline moves forward. All in all a good read and Rowling keeps getting better.<br/><br/>*** Spoiler Warning ***<br/><br/>There is one thing that I have not heard mentioned in any of these reviews about Snape. Snape is emerging as one of the most conflicted characters in the story. I think before it is all done we will find he is *not* the evil he appears to be at the end of the book.<br/><br/>Some things to keep in mind:<br/><br/>  - Snape swore an "unbreakable oath" to accomplish the task.<br/><br/>  - Snape does not allow Harry to use an "unforgivable" curse.<br/><br/>  - Even when fighting him he is lecturing him in what he needs<br/><br/>  to learn to effectively fight Voldemort.<br/><br/>Not the actions of an enemy. More like someone caught in an trap with no way out.
 I got my book on Saturday, July 16th around 2 pm. I instantly ripped it out of its box and began reading. Thus began a reading blitz that lead me into the night, and even into the morning. Once finished, I realised this book had given me a lot more to contemplate than any of the previous books. This is quite different from the previous books. No longer is the danger to Harry in Hogwarts, but the danger is to the world.<br/><br/>The war is ravaging the wizard world, to the point that Muggles are noticing. People are disappearing, bridges are collapsing, and freak hurricanes (or Giants?) are destroying the land. One thing you'll know for sure by the end of this book is.... This is not a children's series anymore. As Harry Potter grows and matures, so do the books. There is a lot of backstory in this one, which is one of the big differences. It actually gives more answers than questions. This is crucial backstory which Harry will need for his future struggle. Also, there is MANY deaths in this book, though only one will truly effect Harry, and the reader. I'll say this... It wont be a terrible shock of who dies, but its the circumstance and perpetrator that will shock you. All in all, this has become my favorite book out of the series. She has evolved the story and began tying up the loose ends.<br/><br/>Jo knew some people wouldn't like it and I can see where they are coming from. This one is a lot different then any of the previous and you'll know it upon finishing. But despite all the depression and darkness, there are plenty of lighthearted moments. New romance for Harry and a blossoming romance between a certain two friends..... I highly recommend this book to HP fans and fantasy fans.
 I purchased the book at 12:15am on July 16, and was finished by lunchtime on July 17.  I thoroughly enjoyed the beginning (it didn't take as long to land at Hogwarts as in the last few books in the series), the middle (less teenage angst, more significant character development and background revealed), and the end (deeply sad, yet satisfying and truly sets the stage for the last book of the series).<br/><br/>I was a little surprised to read newspaper reviews that suggested the book was more for adults than children.  I think violence and death were both handled appropriately, and while surprised by the mention of "hooking up" in reference to teenage romance, it did not appear inappropriate or gratuitous in any way.
 Not as good as the first four, but still rates a 5.
 This book serves as a set up for the final book of the series: Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. I highly recommend starting at the beginning of the series: Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.<br/>Barring that at least watch the movies up to Harry Potter and the Order of the Pheonix. In Half Blood Prince we learn the secret of Voldemort's power. We get some more back ground on the characters. Harry finds love and there is a major calamity in store for him. A great book but it will make best sense if the reader is familiar with the series. Also, this book was worth reading as it sets up the Deathly Hallow book, making Deathly Hallows much more coherent and enjoyable.
 I really wanted to love this book, as I have all the others...but it just didn't meet my expectations. I thought it was written in a totally different voice, almost not even her own which made me wonder for a minute if JK even really wrote it. Supposedly the first chapter is one that she has had from the very beginning...but I didn't think that it really had a place in this book, didn't go with the rest and it was the first time she deviated from Harry's pov. Hermione seemed out of character a lot and way too absent, same for mcgonagall - she was barely there, hagrid too. I thought the r/h and h/g pairings were lazy as they were the obvious choices. Having Harry and Ron both like Hermione would have been more interesting. I loved the Luna character. She was too funny. Ginny had some funny lines as well. I felt like this book was 90% back story and 10% lets hurry up and have some action in this book. There's better action in the Bleeding Through Kingdoms book and in The Thief Lord. And I had fully expected this book to have the other schools in it, instead we just got Fleur and not in the sense I was expecting.
 Rowling did an excellent job of furthering the story, giving Harry direction for the next book, and tying up some of the loose ends from other books.  I just didn't find this book as riveting as the previous installments.  I didn't even cry very much at the end, where at the end of book 5 I cried for about an hour.  Considering who died, I would have expected a few tears.  While Rowling has not lost her knack for a good overall plot and story, she seems to have missed some of the smaller details in this book leaving out much of the humor, but still did not manage to set an effective "dark" tone.  There seemed a lack of action at the school from the previous books and barely any interaction with the other wizards.  I realize that if this book had been exactly like the previous books it would have been a bit hum-drum, but Rowling had, in the past, demonstrated a clear skill at creating new and exciting circumstances, and that just didn't happen with this book.  I will, of course, still tune in for book 7 because she set things up well, regardless.
 I was originally introduced to the writings of J.K. Rowling when my son (who at the time) was in 4th grade brought home the first book for a school project. It was that book that got my son interested in reading and he shared the book with me in details. We still read the books and go to the movie on the first day out together. I also own all available movies in my library and watch them when I want.<br/><br/>Every year that a book is scheduled to come out, (months ahead of time) I order through Amazon.com as I have grown to trust that I will get my copy of the book at least a day in advance before the local book stores, and by the end of the weekend... the book is completely read!
 My favorite book to now is still book, five. I was never a Potter fan, finding it too childish and in not directed towards a more mature audience. That is until i started reading The Order of the Phoenix, that my cousin was reading at that time. I got hooked and searched for the other books to be able to understand the fifth book. And I noticed that the books kept getting better and better, which is why I expected this book, The Half-Blood Prince to be magnificent. But it wasn't, atleast not until the end, the last few chapters, even though they could have been better, were still captivating.<br/><br/>The book starts in its usual demeanor,with Harry at the Dursley's just a few weeks after the end of the last book, but Harry's personality has totally change from the way he was in the OotP. The usually detailed summer is barely contained in one chapter, which dissapointed me.<br/><br/>The way that Dumbledore is treating Harry, is to be expected after the confessions made in OotP. But Harry's obsession with Draco Malfoy seems unrealistic, and too rushed.<br/><br/>I do like the way that Ron and Hermione's relationship was developed, it was the most realistic thing in the book (other than ___________ death).  Finally what everyone had been expecting Ron and Hermione finally start a small romance, even though its never official, but Harry and Ginny do start dating by the last chapters even though he ends it by the last few pages.<br/><br/>Bill, who never plays a real big part of the books does appear once in a while and I think that he may end up being a more important person in the next book. You will see why once you read the book, but what I will tell you is that he is engaged to Fleur (from The Gaunlet of Fire).<br/><br/>Now, Severus Snape, never my favorite, now the one I hate the most, more than Voldermort itself. He is the coldest person, and most unsensitive person in the whole book. Finally what everyone was expecting but never thought would happen, Snape betrayed everyones trust in the worst possible way. One expected Snape to betray the Order but never by doing what he did.<br/><br/>As to who get killed, that one thing I do not want to spoil but know that this persons death will affect everyone, and I mean everyone in the Wizzarding world, half-bloods, full-bloods, weird-bloods, mermaids, centaurs and so on, but it will affect Hogwarts the most. In a way that it may not reopen for the 7th book.<br/><br/>The end marks the begging of the end for Harry, with this persons death and then by breaking up with Ginny to go his way. The last two pages are Harry explaining why, whether or not Hogwart reopens next year he will not return. And ends once more with Hermione and Ron by his side, deciding that whatever danger Harry faces, wherever Harry goes, they will forever be together, until it is time for Harry to complete his destiny, fight Voldermort, (who doesnt make an appearence in this book.)<br/><br/>My personal opinion is that even though this book didnt mean my expectations it was just written to fully tie up loose ends, reveal peoples true nature and alliences and keep us on our toes for the last and final chapter of Harry Potter.
 I am a 33 year old mother of 3 young children.  I've been a Harry Potter fan since the first movie came out years ago.  When each book comes out I feel like a kid in a candy store.  I love to read all kinds of books and have been a serious reader for many years.  Nothing compares to the feeling I get when I have A new Harry Potter book in my hands.<br/><br/>Half Blood Pince is not my favorite in the series (that belongs to book 4) but it is a fantastic book.  I feel JK Rowling is starting to change things a bit in her writing.  I do feel this is necessary to show the growth of these characters.  I have yet to meet someone who is not satisfied when reading this series.<br/><br/>I look forward to the next book, yet am saddened with the knowledge of knowing it's the last.<br/><br/>A must read!
 YES, HARRY POTTER IS MY LIFE. FAVORITE BOOK, FAVORITE MOVIE, FAVORITE STORY. Enough said. I have read them quite a long time ago, I just never had a chance to write a review about them so here it is.
 J.K. Rowling's new novel has all the little bits that whetted our appetites for quittich, every flavor beans and disagreeable magical creatures.  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince begins with a scene between the old Minister for Magical Affairs, Cornelius Fudge and the Prime Minister of England.  Rowling steps into the muggle world, but loses some of her surer strides back into the fantasy world that compels readers to spend up to $29.99 plus tax every other year.  Essentially, the novel has a ton of excitement, fun magical parts and characters, but it has some major flaws that made me feel every step to get to page 652.<br/><br/>Firstly, Rowling relies on clichés she's established in the previous novels. The biggest drag comes from the quittich matches.  They lack the novelty of the first book because each one is the same one:  Tension builds because Harry doesn't know if he can play.  He does.  Then, he or some one else manages to get hexed right as the snitch gets grasped.  Yeah, yeah, yeah. She also stuffs in the typical `almost caught by the grumpy maintenance guy and his cat' scenes, the `Dumbledore's eloquently elusive almost explanations' and the every popular sneering at the Dark Arts teacher scenes.<br/><br/>Speaking of Harry's resentment, this time Snape steps up as the easy target, but he's not alone in feeling Harry's ire this time. Everyone Harry's loved has died or left him, so he has reason to feel vexed, yet, he directs his anger in a way that contradicts the evidence.  Snape is a git, but Harry's dad and father figure, Sirius, treated him miserably.  Rowling voids Harry's sympathy for Snape.  Harry never shows the nobility he shows in battle or at school. Either she's setting him up as a resentment driven anti-hero like Anikan Skywalker or she seems to think teens have only one dimension of angst and sulkiness.  I suspect the later, but teens have the ability to make amends.  Additing sympathy would add more irony, in fact.  Still, it's disappointing to the reader to see Harry's taciturn attitudes mold him into a character that, quite frankly, makes you want to give him a really hard pinch on the arm for being so lousy.<br/><br/>The awkward storyline feels contrived and cobbled together at times, but this still beats the last book.  The Half-Blood Prince mercifully lacks the tedious (screenplay in mind?) details that read more like stage directions.  It also has blood, gush and more real mystery, but Rowling still hasn't given us a good enough reason for Harry's success when confronting Voldemort. The shabby excuse given in this book still leaves me with questions.<br/><br/>She details the Dark Lord's beginnings as Tom Riddle completely, but she also weaves some great narrative spells about the two battling sides:  the Death Eaters and Dumbledore's Army.  It feels as if she abandons these threads in pursuit of tidying up other plotlines that are not as interesting.  I'd like to know if Petunia Dursley has a secret.  She hates the wizards, yet she keeps Harry?  We've seen everyone's family history except for Harry's.  Lilly and James must have something interesting to share with the readers.<br/><br/>Maybe I'm just mad about getting to the end without having an end.  I'm impatient by nature, and books that set up sequels just annoy the heck out of me.  Then again, since I'm annoyed, I guess you could say that Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince has at least one reader tapping her desk in anticipation of Book 7.
 Yes, so-and-so dies. Yes, so-and-so did the foul deed, even though so-and-so didn't do it. I suspect Rowling has set up a diversion here. Remember, this is a "magic" world, and things are not always what they appear to be. We'll need to wait and see.<br/><br/>Otherwise, #6 is much shorter on action, longer on exposition - a restful interlude, a kind of literary hex to divert and deceive, the eye of the storm, perhaps. The wool has been pulled over our eyes - that's what a "sixth sense" tells me.
 I am sorry I only heard all of this through my child.  But he loved it.  He read it at 9 years old.
 Let's begin with the obvious... the media frenzy, the scoops by ms rowling, the larger-than-life theories, the bubbling expectation... it all made the launch of HPB a major event... the day approaches and the suspicions grow in peril... will it be as good??? will it suck entirely???... and finaly, the day arrives... and PLAF... yes PLAF... Let's get it clear, let's make the "Plaf" som'n a lil' more understandable...<br/><br/>HP and the Stone: A little jewel, a diamond in the rock (i don' know the correct expression, i'm mexican), it was way too short, but a great little jewel, it was magical, it was all good, I personally loved the it's-quirrel-an'-not-snape thing, the fear among wizardkind for voldemort, the you-know-who thing made me think: what had he done earlier to be so fearful??? it was compelling and attractive... but, record-breaking as it was, it was nothing compared to what lied in store for HP fans... magic was goin to be darker and more mature<br/><br/>HP and the Chamber: it didn' PLAF, it satisfied me an' even more. The only thing rather "duh" was Dobby but he was the funny part... The voldemort-diary was great as well as the plot with Myrtle an' there it was: the 1st mistake, barely unnoticeable: ms rowling had a thing for a let's-wrap-it-up-fast attitude... There could be a whole lot more clues on the basilisk an' it all resumes to a torn piece of paper... yet it was all good and brilliant... it was still more magical...<br/><br/>HP and Azkaban: The way ms rowling curls the past with the present in order to make it understandable is astonishing, marvelous... personally the most emotional, and altogether, one of the very best an' yet comical (marge is hillarious as well as trelawney) An' she did it again, she turned the suspicions up: it wasn' sirius, it was pettigrew (remind me of quirrel and snape), and we have a good look in the past with the dementors effect on harry... a masterpiece... it was gettin better an better, it wasn' a matter of whether she should or shouldn' ruin it, she COULDN', she had it all planned... magical as ever an' not loosing ground...<br/><br/>HP and the Goblet: the plus: the sense of world-wide magic with the World Cup and the Tournament makes it grand, larger than life, but in a good way, the end leaves you in a desperate crave, you just can' wait for the next, it got better and better and the world couldn' believe it... the magic was everywhere, and the spell cast by HP endure and flourished... the bad: rita skeeter, i have never laughed the way i did with her, but boy was she awful... she was a little taste of the overwhelming umbridge.<br/><br/>HP and the Order: Praise wasn't enough 4 this, rowling as well as harry grew up fantasticly, it was rich trough an through... Luna, Umbridge (what a wonderful comical character), the Death Eaters, Dumbledore vs Tom, st mungo, Sirius, it was all great, an again the i-gotta-wrap-it-up-fast thing with the prophecy, don't get me wrong, i love it all... 4 me, it the best book yet... and another pattern was presented again, which repeated itself along the way in goblet (with the riddles), and prince (with the other minister): the beginning, nothing to do with harry himself, but altogether very well made and written... it was all good, HP was goin to last through ages and generations to come... it was HP at its peak...<br/><br/>HP and Prince: It was good... i rate it was as good as chamber but at the point in which Order was, Prince was bad, not so bad, but it was bad (it's just my opinion, remember). The other minister gives us the wide feeling of magic everywhere, just like in goblet, but it all got boring and dull, i actually drop the readin sometimes to watch some TV (imagine that, before, it was the lack of sleep what made me stop readin HP) Dumbledore, though wiser, grow old and in the 1st half the best thing was bella and cissy (it was a marvelous chapter, in the line of goodness of Order) but slughorn, the dullness of hagrid, epzibah, an the sometimes rude ginny (you filthy hippocrite!!!) was the Knox spell for the Lumos put on all of us in the other five, it had its good like the gaunt's the young tom, the cave, the inferi (i wish there was more of them, they were appealing), sectumsempra, and the horcrux theme itself, but it was warm next to the hot and steamingly great quality of the previous one...<br/><br/>What am i sayin, in short, is that Prince was beneath the other ones, the expectation was too high and we tumbled, it was too good, we needed to gt back to earth... i felt sad for this:<br/><br/>the let's-wrap-up with snape being the prince<br/><br/>dumbledore's death<br/><br/>and mostly, the fact that Order was perhaps WAY TOO GOOD... i just hope book seven doesn' dissapoint me as this one did...<br/><br/>it was just... sad... mature, yes... good, but not too good, yes, but the magic, was wearing off... perhaps to come bigger and geater than ever.. or perhaps just to fade away...
 you (a general "you" referring to the legions of harry potter fans, or at least the few that read amazon.com book reviews as religiously as i do) should know by now that rarely ever does jk rowling meet expectations--- she exceeds them in leaps and bounds. that is not to say that yes, sometimes she falls short (namely, the title of this book... i have yet to find a sufficient reason for the inclusion of Half-Blood Prince in the title. in retrospect, something with Horcruxes perhaps might have piqued my interest more), but this book is certainly not one of those instances.<br/><br/>though there is a plethora of reviews on this site stating simply the flaws and perfections of character development(s) and/or relationships, plot, (anti-) climax, certain character deaths and the reasoning for and backlash of them, and pacing of the book, and, thusly, the logical "i really liked this book because..." or "i really hated this book because..." (though rarely are harry potter fans and reviewers so concise and decisive ;)), i would like to say something different, and review this book based on how it made me feel. that is to say, how it affected me before, during, and after the intensely exciting process of reading it.<br/><br/>let it be known: i have never anticipated a harry potter book with as much excitement and, for lack of a better word, insanity, than this one. i have grown up with the books, the first one having been read to my fourth grade class, and i relish and pride myself on the fact that, in essence, i am growing up with harry. i was there at midnight with every other (closeted or not) harry potter fan, and i was there on the drive home sneaking dangerous glances at the book when i should have been driving. the anticipation, needless to say, was something fit only for a harry potter book, and something only a true harry potter fan could understand. i only wish i had a videotape of me purchasing my book and the events prior to that--- they would have conveyed the elation i felt impeccably. for the sheer sense of excitement even before reading the book: 5 stars.<br/><br/>i came home immediately and began reading, and managed to be uninterrupted (my parents know now that harry potter means serious business), minus my highly inconvenient work schedule. the book, as with all other harry books, was glued to my hands. i would like to say i paced myself--- like to say i learned from the sense of regret i had when i finished the others too quickly--- but i would be lying. i finished the book in about 9 hours, and could not have been more pleased with the experience. questions were answered, answers were questioned, and riddles and mysteries abounded, most specifically in the last couple of chapters. i was, as i'm sure most were, deeply affected by a certain death, so much to the point that i felt i had lost a friend. this book was written beautifully, it was more mature, it was raw, but most importantly, this book was different than the others. though different may mean different things to different people, i particularly liked this brand of different, and i am happy to say that i'm reading it over again as we speak. for the ability to surprise me and evoke emotions uncharacteristic for any book: 5 stars.<br/><br/>i am also happy to say that, for the first time in six books, i am satisfied with the amount of information given. i am not yet at peace with the death, but i think that is the beauty of jk rowling's writing: the second you are attached to a character, the second you can relate to them, you know you have an incredibly talented writer on your hands. i was privy to certain information saying that jk rowling felt this book was "part 1 in a 2 part story," and that knowledge comforted me immensely in the end. i am hanging on the edge of a cliff, just like everyone else, but quite happy to be there. i was prepared for it, and preparation is rare for a harry potter book. most importantly though, i am willing to wait for book 7. for all of the other books, i was a most impatient brat and felt they could not come soon enough; but with book 7 (and perhaps this is the selfish side of me too, not wanting it all to end), i am ready to sit back and wait for it to come. for the ability to satisfy my relentless hunger for information: 5 stars.<br/><br/>i must also congratulate jkr on the Horcruxes. i found them to be most intriguing!
 I spent a lot of time thinking who was more the sexy. Edward or Jacob. This book left me with no answers.
 The story is wonderful and beautifully written.  I wish there had been more than 7 books in this series. Not counting the little extra book which are great as well.
 omg!! this book by far is the best out of the series, that's not saying much cause they're all AMAZING!! I don't want to give anything away for those who still have resisted to read it but.... I think this was the darkest book yet and held so many surprises. People kept switching sides, it's confusing and you're not really sure by the end. The first two chapters have nothing to do with the story line, true they're boring, but stick with it!! This # introduces a new plot that was never mentioned before. It kinda makes me wonder if Rowling had it planned out or not. In conclusion, this book has gotten me sooooo psyced (did i spell that right?) for the newest movie coming out in november 2005. so all in all this book is definatly worth the time it takes to read it. Althugh it has a sad ending, it makes it all the more eager to read the next one!!
 The highlight of my week was getting my hands on Book Six Saturday. By the time I finished it on Sunday afternoon, I felt completely empty and unfulfilled.  I felt as though I had not even read the book.  There was barely any information about well, anything.  Like everyone else has said, it is just a filler for the final book. The book was just flat.  I would not say that it is boring, but it seems to just spin its wheels for nearly 700 pages.  Rowling promised answers in this book and I keep wondering, are there pages missing? I did not feel that we got any significant answers about anything.  Why did we need all of the background on Voldemort?  The book is upsetting, not only for the death in the end but for the complete lack of information and excitment. I was depressed after reading because it was just such a let down. I expected more. The scene in which Harry and Dumbledore attempt to retrieve the Horocrux had a very unreal feeling and no sense of realism. It is almost as if Rowling does not go into the great detail that she used to in describing things.  I am afraid now that book 7 will not be everything we hope. What a dissapointment.
 Harry has truly become a man during the course of this book. He's aware (for the most part) that his actions have consequences. The book is both laugh out loud funny in parts and also scary in others. In fact it gets so dark towards the end that younger readers should be warned. I'm still in denial about the ending and it will take many re-readings of the book to come to terms and understand fully the choices that the various charcters have taken. Unlike in OotP, Harry is able control his emotions more. However, I'm still failing to understand how he will be able to become strong enough to defeat the dark lord. I just hope that JKR doesn't keep us waiting too long to find out!
 As all of the other Harry Potter books. This one is just a great a read. All the series of Harry Potter books are a wonderful fantasy. They all leave you in waiting for another continuing story. Now, that i have read and own all the series, i can't wait until the last book comes out. I am sure that i will be a dissappointment thast there will be no more. I also own all the audio books. My children have also read them and read them over and over again. We find that every time you re-read the books there is something that we missed. This is a great set of boooks.
 Well, I must say that I waited on pins and needles for my copy of HBP to arrive on the afternoon of July 16th.  I have only just finished it (it is 2:15 in the morning in my time zone).  I found this installation of the series particularly moving.  JKR goes into much more detail about the pasts of several of her beloved characters and some of the more hated of the bunch.  I'll try not to say much on that note because I hate spoilers.  Rest assured that this adventure lives up to the name and will wisk you away to Harry's world most convincingly.  This is definately worth your time.  It is no longer a "children's" book (as the characters are no longer children) and anyone who says otherwise has not properly read it.  The story is moving, heartbreakingly sad, spirit-lifting, and humourous.  This is everything a novel should be, regardless of genre.  I raise my glass to JK Rowling and her beautifully spun characters and say, "Well done!!"
 This book was good, But a lot less dark, and not as haunting. Also we are told that Voldemort's growing, but there's no sense of fear other than in London,and some parts of Europe. I mean, what about the other 6 continents. He's not taking over North America, or Asia.
 The book started out in an unusual manner, but it fit in just fine. In the second chapter I wasn't sure what to believe of Snape and it kept me wondering until the end of the book what side he really was on. The plot goes on quite grudgingly I might say. There are a few spots of "rising action" throughout the middle of the story, but I was mostly subdued in the frantic attempts to cramb the puppy love into the story, and the few exciting "trips" Harry and Dumbledore make in the pensieve.<br/><br/>  This was the most interesting part of the plot. Harry and Dumbledore devoted their spare time to studying Voldemorts past in order to find his weakness. After studying all of this they come to conclusion that Voldemort has 7 of what are called Horcruxes, which are pieces of the soul left in an object or animal, in the case that the person should die. It is Voldemorts attempt for immortality. Apperently Harry already destroyed one Horcrux in book 2 (Tom Riddle's Diary) and in this one Dumbledore destroyes one (Voldemorts Grandfather's Ring). So Harry and Dumbledore's obvious goal for the rest of the series is to destroy the remaining 5 Horcruxes, one of which is obviously Voldemort himself.<br/><br/>  Nearing the end of the book Dumbledore discovers where one of the other Horcruxes is, and him and Harry set out to get it. When they do Dumbledore is greatly weakened because of Voldemort's "obstacles". When they return to the school the Dark Mark is over the Astronomy Tower and the book takes and odd twist where Snape kills Dumbledore, yet does nothing to Harry. The book ends sadly with Dumbledore's funeral and Harry's devotion to spend the rest of his life destroying the remaining Horcruxes and Voldemort.<br/><br/>  The book is very good but leaves several plot details missing. Nothing is said about Sirius, and Grawp is barely mentioned. There is lots more that could have been explained. It felt like the book was very rushed, and that she (JK Rowling) was using this book to set up the plot for the next one. I hope that all she missed in this book will be made up for in the seventh and final book in the series, which shall undoubtedly be at least a 1000 pages if she is to finish the tale with no questions unanswered.
 The best harry potter yet!! The thing I liked about this book is it gets right to the point and dosent drag on like Goblet of fire and some parts of the last book. The story is great and is like Chamber of secrets. The book is not dark like the last two. The villians are great in the book espesially the second chapter what a shock it was reading that one of the teachers is bad and we thought was good the whole time. Also finally we see Draco turn evil (but I wont say if he turns bad you'll have to read it your self). The big shock was the death of a main character, like the last book in which Seriuos Black died another character bites the dust. When the character dies it's very sad and you think why and you think the next book wont be the same with out the character. I loved how all the characters are going through the crush stages if there live. Harry has fellings for Ginny, Ron and Harminy do but they dont really edmite but the readers know. The ending was very good and it makes you wanting more I cant wait till the next book. I can see the next book being very diffrent from all the rest. Overall the best Potter yet.
 I love the Harry Potter books. This book is as great as all the others. Wish J .K. R. had'nt stopped the books.
 It is true that one reads Harry Potter in the same mindless way one might follow a comic strip or TV series...but all the same I'm pretty disappointed with the 6th book.  The story is threadbare--it seems to play a minor supporting role in the book!--relationships are without chemistry, and everything comes together too close to the end so we're left feeling cheated....like why couldn't Rowling cut out all the earlier crap so she could actually answer some questions...like who RAB is, just how Dumbledore's hand got ruined, and WHY Dumbledore trusted Snape?  So many mysteries are left unsolved--or unconvincingly dealt with-- and even though it is a series, I think each individual book should have at least a bit more closure than this disastrous 6th attempt.<br/><br/>As others have said, the third book was definitely the best--the underlying story actually dominated the book, which is the way books are supposed to be written, last time I checked.  My favorite HP moment will always be in Prisoner of Azkaban, when Harry gets so excited thinking his father's patronus saved him from the dementers, only to realize when he goes back in time that it was not his father's patronus, but his own.  It's both terribly sad to watch Harry get his hopes up about his parents aiding him even after their death, only to realize that he is truly alone, but it's also reminicent of any reader's own recollections about growing up and taking command of your own life apart from your parents.  I was terribly impressed by this moment Rowling included in the 3rd book, but I"m starting to think it was a total fluke.  Although the characters are more mature now and there is a ton of POTENTIAL for emotional richness in these later books, Rowling has been unable to even come close to the emotional depth of the third book.  Another thing: people have been complaining about the excess of snogging and high-school romance in this book, which actually isn't true.  I've seen romance done quite well, just not in HP.  Harry and Ginny's romance comes out of nowhere and just feels so contrived.  I think Rowling should try not to have any more romantic development in her next book, since she has clearly demonstrated her own incompetence at it in Books 5 and 6.<br/><br/>Anyway, buy the book and enjoy.  It's still a fun book definitely worth reading if only to find out what happens to Harry.  Still, I think the book (and ROwling's writing) ought to start living up to the hype that's come to surround it.
 Great book
 Wasn't able to put the book down. The author has a way of keeping your mind wanting more. Very good
 I cannot wait to read more!  This is a wonderful series with stimulating imagery!
 Any Harry Potter fan can tell you it's a waste of breath to even try to cover all the virtues of Ms Rowling's latest.  Needless to say, another enjoyable edition in the series. This novel has continued in the progressively serious and dark trend that has been picking up steam throughout the series.  Harry is becoming more of the classic hero- hopefully not the "tragic hero"!  His mentor has guided him through the first books, and now we see him finally striking out on his own and the scene is being set for his final battle with the evil wizard "He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named."  Also some new romances involved, the necessary coming-of-age bits that all teenagers go through, and as always, good laugh-out-loud comedy, along with good cry-out-loud tragedy.  As expected, this leaves you satisfied and yet wanting more.  Bring on the next round!
 I am such a fan of Jim Dale - and have loved the previous 5 Harry Potter books he read to life.  Listening to the Potter world characters was "magic".  But this version is a disappointment.  The characters' voices aare not consistent with the previous books.  They even changed within Book 6.  Perhaps there was too much pressure to release the audio version the same day as the hardcover and Dale didn't have time to review those sound bites of characters he keeps from the previous books.  Or, perhaps he had a cold.  For whatever reason, this audio book just did not meet the previous level of excellence the other Harry Potter books had.
 let's face it i was quite skepticle about this one.  i was'nt sure if rowling could keep writing her series this good at this point in the series i thought the harry potter series had lost its luster and was beginning to fade away.  but i was proved with her 6th installment Harry Potter and the half blood prince.  In this one many loose ends are tied up and you a lot about voldemorts history, about his family, his ties with salazar sytherin, and about him growing growing up going to hogwarts and journey on the dark path from tom riddle to lord voldemort.  Harry gets lessons from dumbledore during the school year in which he is able to see various memories about lord voldemort's pastsuch as tom riddle's history and past all the other stuff i have mentioned and lots more.  there is alsomany other interesting things in this book like the fact that harry suspects malfoy is a death eater and snape is working for lord voldemort as well.  as usual though no one really believes him untill the climactic finish in which one of the KEY characters in the book dies.  i will not tell you who that is though or who the half blood prince is.  the way harry learns of the half blood prince is similar to tom riddles diary except is not a diary but an old potions book that has been written on alot in the margins and other places when the half blood prince decided to deviate from the instructions.  harry trie some of his methods and he finds that the half blood prince is always precisly accurate.  he then earns a false reputation in potions class for his outstanding work.  no this is not snapes potions class but a new teachers as snape has finally been granted the oppurtuniy to teach his desired subject defense against the dark arts.  There are definetly a lot of surprises in store for anyone who reads the half blood prince.  once again i must say the harry potter series has lost none of its luster but i am sure that is due to the wonderful talent of the author j.k. rowling who once again sweeps us away to the magical world of HARRY POTTER. i finished the book yesterday afternoon july 18 2005 and i am already highly anticipated the next and final installment<br/><br/>This is a must read for fans of tales about magic and fantasy.
 Great book.
 Very good story, easy to follow and a good storyline to follow. Characters are easy to like and I found myself routing for the good guys
 J.K. Rowling has done it again!  True, many people will not agree with or like some of the events that happen, I'm one of them.  But overall, this book is of course, exceedingly well-written.  It's definately the deepest and the darkest of the series to date.  But you also get a glimpse of the light at the end of the tunnel.  Much is explained in Book 6, and much is readied for Book 7.  The toughest part of reading the Half-Blood Prince is staying focused on the line you're reading instead of trying to jump halfway down the page to find out if what you think is coming really is!  A word of warning, however, this book won't make a lot of sense by itself.  You really need to have read the first five to understand much of what happens and to truly appreciate what's going on.  Happy reading!
 Yes, I am one of the many Muggles who have jumped on the Hogwarts Express to read the latest installment of the infamous Harry Potter. J.K. Rowling last left us with the ongoing battle between good and evil, the struggle between Potter and HE-WHO-MUST-NOT-BE NAMED. The sixth book proves to be just as thrilling as the last five. Harry and the Hogwarts crew find themselves growing up into flaming teenagers, often caught "snogging" fellow classmates. Harry and Dumbledore -Hogwarts Headmaster- find out important information from the Dark Lords past, all while Harry comes to grip with the fact that "one must live, while the other must die." The last three chapters will have you glued to every word as someone close to Harry dies by the hand of an ally. This installment of Harry Potter is shorter then the last book, but keeps you captivated until the very last word. As if this book needs any hype.
 Yeah, I'm giving The Half Blood Prince 5 stars. No, I do not think it was the greatest book in the series, but I enjoyed it nonetheless. First I'm going to write a quick review, then I'll address the points other reviewers have complained about.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince essentially serves as a bridge between the beginning of the "Second War" and the final battle that'll be due in the seventh book. Harry develops as a person, learns more about his nemesis, suffers another emotional loss, and comes to the decision that sets book 7 up to be a potentially amazing novel. Personally, I think the book could have had much more, but Rowling herself rushed a little in the penning of it, possibly just to placate fans. There was a much larger gap between year's 4 and 5, and that disappointed a lot of people. I don't want to wait any longer than you do, but I hope J.K. puts her absoulte best work into the last one, no matter how much time she takes.<br/><br/>First off... To those reading this reviews, you've udoubtedly read the reviews written by those who were calling the book boring. Honestly, I was never bored while reading. You can't expect nonstop action and mysteries throughout the book. The series is about people, and it's about time J.K. acutally slipped some more character development in.<br/><br/>Then, there are those who claim that this book, and the Order of the Phoenix, were just too long in general. Personally, I LOVED the fact that these books had length, and actually peered into the life of Hogwart's students. I loved the fact that little detours were taken, and new things were learned. Personally, I would've found a way to finish either book in one night even if they topped 1000 pages.<br/><br/>People have also complained about the disappearance of Hermione, and the lack of evidence of the Harry/Ginny relationship. See my points above, about Rowling just rushing the book for the fans sake.<br/><br/>I also believe that Rowling slipped quite a bit of the Hogwarts life story into the center of the book because she intends to do nothing of the sort in the finale. The ending of book six sets up an action packed, dark, vengeance/death etc. etc. finale. The Horcrux thing WILL BE EXPLAINED a bit more. You'll find people are complaining about Dumbledore not telling Harry more just because Rowling didn't give readers enough information to figure things out. Therefore, they have to wait.<br/><br/>SPOILERS A BIT HERE I GUESS... DON'T WANT TO RUIN IT FOR ANYONE, JUST BEING SAFE.<br/><br/>People have also argued about the Ron/Hermione relationship thing... But lets face it, everyone knew it was coming, all the way back in like year 3.<br/><br/>By the way everyone, Dumbledore's death was absolutely NECESSARY. Did you actually think he'd make it to the end of the series? The good side's greatest fighter, their leader, their mentor, wasn't it obvious he'd die at during the darkest hour, leaving Harry with only his friends to mount a comeback? And did you acutally think Voldemort would be the one to do it? He's done Harry enough damage, it was time for another enemy to arise.<br/><br/>I hope that this review has been useful, and that you also plan to read the finale, which could very well be 1000 pages.
 I must first start off by saying that I have been eagerly awaiting this book to be released since the day I finished Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, June 22, 2003, the day after the book was released. And now I must say, the wait has not let me down. The book begins with a very interest situation in which Harry is awaiting the headmaster of Hogwarts to arrive at the house of his aunt's and uncle's. Right from the start Jo Rowling begins the suspence which would continue on throughout the book. Though perhaps not the best exposition of all the books, I would have to say the best first chapter would be "The Riddle House" of the Goblet of Fire, this is a great way to start the book. JK Rowling then advances the interest the reader has in the book by a very mysterious chapter two, "Spinner's End." I could write a chapter by chapter analysis of this book, but I do not wish to ruin it for those who haven't read the book. However, I will say that this book dealings with things, such as romance, that the previous five did not go into much. There are some new characters introduced that have potential to play major roles in the last book and a stunning discovery of the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher.<br/><br/>Overall, I would have to say that this is, in my opinion, perhaps the best book in the Harry Potter series thus far. Not only this book, but this entire series ranks very close to the top of my all time favorite books along side J.R.R. Tolkien's Lord of the Rings Trilogy. I can guarentee that when you finish this book, you will find yourself wishing only for the seventh.
 Sixth book done. Next, finally, the cumulative saga experience begins after the end. Doesn't matter if the sentence makes sense: it's true. Love these books!
 Ok, now this book was not what anyone was expecting, im sure. Jam packed with some much action and suspense that you cannot stop reading. It did, i have to admit, contain some parts that were not very mind captivating, but i guess thats how all books are. However, the use of imagery is incredible. J.K. Rowling is a fabulous writer and when it comes to putting pictures in your mind, she is the best. She definatly makes it so that it flows with the rest of the series and does not jump around too much, causing havoc to the reader. This is definatly the best book of the series, and is a very good beginning to what is going to be the best book ever written (the 7th book of the series), at least I am hoping for a thick, action/adventure novel complete with imaginative imagery, and suspense filled chapters. This book is a definate buy.
 Awesome book, great and quick read for how many pages it is.
 This is an awesome book! We will all honor Dumbledore, wizard witch or muggle! Dumbledore would recommend you read this book.🧙🏻‍♂️
 Once again, she takes us on an incredible journey through the world of wizards, the intrigue, the love, the twists and turns.  All leading up to the last and much anticipated book in the series.  Incredible.
 The moment I began the book, I could not put it down. And when I finally finished (8 hours later, skipped dinner, didnt shower, put off assignments, ignored friends on MSN), the amount of anticipation for the sixth book that have built up for the past year and a half (not sure) has increased as I genuinely anticipate the last book. However, I would beg to differ to say the book waas the best ever. I particularly found the romance bit silly, with alot of unnecessary "snogging". However, the development of the characters were good, especially with Draco. Definitely worth reading, and I hope the last book will be as good as ever.
 Loved this book. I would read it again and again.<br/>Excellent detail.  I felt like I was there in hogwarts
 Can' put it down. All the makings of a great mystery, adventure, and love story all in one book. I knew one day Jenny would get Harry. Can't wait until my month has passed so I can check out the last in the series.
 WARNING: THIS REVIEW CONTAINS SPOILERS.<br/><br/>It goes without saying that the plot is the most important part of any book -- without a plot, a book it usually horrible and can hardly qualify as readable material. Typically I enjoy each Potter plot, but the sixth book is totally lacking in this department. I can't help with wonder what the heck is the point of so much useless, rambling information. Rowling throws so much crap out in such a short amount of time that it's hard to decipher what you need to remember and what should be forgotten immediately. It also goes without saying that the Potter books have mostly always had good plots and surprises around every corner. It was rare to find a "filler" chapter... but now the Half-Blood Prince gives an almost half-baked plot. I also find that the book was very predictable this time around; maybe I just had an eye for detail while reading, but it seems to me like Rowling is slowly starting to lose her charm. After five books, you can't help but figure that she's slowly starting to run out of witty ideas for the series. For instance, the introduction of the new Potions teacher is quite pointless. He really has no important role in the book except to fill up pages and gives Rowling something else to write about. Dumbledore's death was also very predictable, but that didn't change the fact that it actually angered me to a point. Dumbledore has always been my favorite character in the Potter series... he's brought a charm to the books that no one else has really ever managed. As one of the most lovable people in Harry Potter, it made me upset to know that he will no longer contribute to the books.<br/><br/>However, if there's one thing I can praise in The Half-Blood Prince, it would be the newfound maturity of Harry and most of the other teenage characters. Harry went from being the loveable young wizard in the first three books to being a adolescent teenager full of angst in books four and five. It is a joy to see him with somewhat of both characteristics now... he no longer complains and whines with every passing minute; he takes his time with things, and remains as open-minded as possible while still taking into consideration his own thoughts and feelings. The inside glimpse of Voldemort at an early age and a peak into what made him so evil is quite intriguing, and one of the main parts where the book truly shines. I found Hermione to be a surprisingly dull character in HBP; she seemed to be around simply to nag Harry and nothing more. I was glad, though, with the way Ron is portrayed. He is one of the main reasons I enjoy the Potter books, as he provides a lot of the much-needed comic relief for the series. Half-Blood Prince is a coming-of-age story, and it should be interesting to see how he turns up in the seventh and final novel.<br/><br/>Overall, The Half-Blood Prince is one of the weakest Harry Potter books. It sets up book seven perfectly, and provides the reader with a more attached feeling to Potter, but the killing off of many fans favorite character and the seemingly pointless Half-Blood Prince plot lead me to give it a generous four star rating. Make sure you check this book out, however, if only for the important information that it contains concerning book seven.
 I have always been a huge Harry Potter fan, and have been looking forward to reading these stories to my children when they get older for years now. After reading the 6th book in the Harry Potter series however I have no intention of ever reading them to my kids. I honestly am shocked with the direction J.K. Rowling chose to take with the story. I feel that she has completely ignored the fact that these books are intended for children despite the fact that they have a large adult fan club. I literally sobbed for an hour after reading book 6 and for the book to have such a profound affect on my as an adult I can only imnagine what kind of affect it will have on some children. I believe quite a few parents will find their children practically inconsolable after reading this. In short I am very dissapointed with the direction this story has taken and feel that this book has ruined what has been a wonderful experience for adults and children alike for many years. To the parents out there who have younger children that are Harry Potter fans I would strongly suggest reading the last few chapters with your children so that they have a shoulder to cry on and a hug close at hand.
 I have now spent 6 books getting to know, getting to understand, feeling for, becoming angry at and feeling sad with the characters in this series.  This was a wonderful addition to the series.  We finally figure out Snape's deal.  It finally appears that Ron and Hermione will get together like they have threatened to do for most of the series.  It sets up the 7th book very well.<br/><br/>However, there are several things that made me feel a little empty about this one.  Obviously, the death in the book is pretty rough.  I had anticipated that he might be the one to go, but...  I think the thing that got to me even more was that Harry and Ginny finally get together only to have to split so quickly.  After a book and three quarters of Harry not being believed and being angry and being sad and all of those other things, he finds happiness only to have to set it aside yet again.  Seems to be the story of his life.  Also, based on the final pages of The Half Blood Prince, it appears that Hogwarts will play a small part in the 7th book, if it plays a part at all.  It just seems an unceremonious end to the place that started it all.<br/><br/>I am hoping that in the 7th book, Harry will enlist the help of Ron, Hermione and Ginny in tracking Voldemort.  After he does what he needs to do, I'm hoping that this book has a happy ending.  The series started out so upbeat and took a dark turn at the end of the 4th book and continued that darkness for the 5th and most of the 6th books.  Obviously, there will be darkness for most of the 7th book, but I'm hoping that Rowling returns to her roots and ends up writing a happy hundred pages or so to finish it off.<br/><br/>Another thing I'm hoping to see following the 7th book is an "afterward" book or something, explaining what happens with the characters following the resolution of the Voldemort question.  As a matter of fact, since it seems that there will be no 7th year for Harry or Ron or Hermione at Hogwarts in the next book, I wonder if it is possible that there will be an 8th book that looks at Hogwarts and their 7th year after Voldemort?
 I have been anticipating this book ever since reading the 5 installment of the series. By far the 5th one is still my favorite.... anyway...<br/><br/>This book came with a lot of answers for me... as well as many questions. There were times while reading this book that i was not sure wheather i was going to like it at all. However, i feel that this book is one of the most brilliant of the potter books. Rowling should be given the utmost praise.<br/><br/>I believe that the reason some people don't like this book is because of the person who dies... all of the double crossing... the lack of class scenes... and the cliff hanger ending. DONT YOU REMEMBER ROWLING SAYING THAT BOOK 6 AND 7 ARE LIKE ONE BOOK SEPARATED INTO ONE??? By killing the person who dies Harry finally comes to realize that he really must come to face his fate. 4 people have now died protecting and helping him, and now he realizes that there is no more protection... that he will not put anyone else in danger because of himself.<br/><br/>Of course at the end of the book Harry tells ron and hermione that he intends to not attend hogwarts for his 7th year... and at this ron and hermione are determined to do the same in order to help him. BUT THINK PEOPLE... DO YOU REALLY THINK THAT THEY WOULDN'T GO BACK TO SCHOOL? HOW WOULD ROWLING MAKE A WHOLE BOOK IN REPLACE OF 7TH YEAR??? oh well...<br/><br/>the only thing that i would have preferred this book to have more of was the number of pages and more description. This book could have easily been as long if not longer that the 5th one. Another thing that i wish would have been changed is this... i don't know if anybody else felt this, but i felt that rowling completely changed the feel of the 6th book from the 5th book dramatically. I don't think that is is bad though... i am sure that she did it for a reason to be known in the seventh book.<br/><br/>&lt;h1&gt; GREAT JOB J.K. ROWLING!!!! AND WHEN WILL THE 7TH BOOK BE ON THE WAY???
 You would really have thought that there would be a lot of action in this book based on the way book 5 ended. Well, there weren't any until the last 100 pages or so. The character developments, besides Harry, were disappointing as well. The second chapter got my blood pumping, but the 500 pages of so in the middle of the book was so uneventful, loose, and dull. It could be condensed into 200 pages easily. The plot is servicable but drags on badly through the middle part of the book. I really expected a lot more after 2 years of waiting.  You could read chapter 2 and the last couple of chapters begining with Harry's visit to Hagrid's spider funeral chapter  and not missing much, if excitement is what you seek. I loved book 4 and 5 because they are action packed. I feel the time machine thing in book 3 is a little bit forced.<br/><br/>The end of book 5 claimed that the "war" began, but 500 pages of fillers of their school days. It does gets boring after 6 repetitions.<br/><br/>I am glad book 7 will take place in a different setting (no more School) because I don't think I can stand it any longer.
 I am a huge fan of the Harry Potter books and as I'm sure it did many, the death hit me hard. I cried. LOL...but I think a lot of wonderful work went into thise book and for those cynics who think it wasn't very complex, you need to go back and read it again. The book elequently combined mystery, romance, magic, betrayal, suspicion and any other emotion you can think of in a way that made this book hard to put down. I finished it 14 hours after purchasing it and I am intending to read it again just for the pure delight. This was a wonderful book and I am excited to see just how Harry will handle the next chapter in his magical life.<br/>BW~
 I LOVED THIS BOOK! I've always been a Harry Potter freak, and reading this book again was a good reminder of why ♡♡♡♡♡
 Harry potter and the half blood Prince is book 6in the Harry Potter series. I think it is the saddest so far. It is great for ten year olds, the only kind of creepy part is when there are bodies in the water. Prepare a box of tissues, because in book 6  Dumbledore dies. It's very well written. J.K. Rowling,you ROCK!<br/>By:A first year at Hogwarts... I'm in Gryffindor:-)!
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is my fourth favorite book in the Harry Potter series. It is still good, but just not as exiting as most others.
 I don't understand how everyone ranks this one as their favorite in the series.  It was my least favorite, followed closely by Chamber Of Secrets.  The whole thing just feels like it's missing the magic of the previous five.  The new teacher is an absolute BORE, and we have to read about him constantly.  There are a bunch of long flashbacks, sometimes dull.  And the whole thing just feels like fanfiction.
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince was very good but it wasn't the best by J.K. Rowling. It's purpose really i think is to let you know how voldermort came to be and how he survived so that when the final book comes out you understand what is going on. for most of the book Harry takes private lessons with Dumbledore in which he learns more aboutTom Riddle who, as you are aware, becomes Voldemort. It does however have a great ending where all the action happens. The ending is kind of sad though because one of the most beloved characters dies. All in all you have to read this book!!!
 Book 6 of this series does not disappoint, it takes off much like the other 5 novels with the protagonist Harry Potter returning to another year at Hogwarts and the trials and adventures that follow.  The book has a darker feel much like "The Prisoner of Azkaban", and deals with issues both more complex than the previous volumes, but also more cynical as well.  It is by far the most adult of this J.K. Rowling series yet, and some parents might not find the content suitable for younger readers.  The ending leaves many possibilities open for the story of the next book.  I thoroughly enjoyed yet another one of the Harry Potter series, and look forward to the next installment.
 Wrapped up with a bow atop.  Dark turns, unhappy resolutions, but that ends doesn't necessarily end all well.  Very good.
 Harry is now in his sixth year, and now that Sirius is dead, he doesn't know what to do. Dumbledore has decided to take Harry under his wing and teach him what he needs to know. He tells Harry about Horcruxes, and how they work. The ministry finally believes Harry and Dumbledore, because Fudge himself saw Voldemort before he vanished. Now he's believed, but does it really do any good? Harry wonders about this as he searches with Dumbledore for Voldemort's Horcruxes, or objects that pieces of Voldemort's soul inhabits. There is also the question of Snape's loyalties. Where do they lie? And what will he do next? There's a lot going on in this book, you have to read it to see what will happen.
 As a whole Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is a classic.  However many previous reviews have already gone into detail about its many strengths, so I'm going to break down the one flaw I think it has.<br/><br/>A very important part of any work of fantasy is the suspension of disbelief.  In other words the reader knows that the world depicted is fake, so that world must function in a logical fashion in order for the reader to believe in it.  If the way the fantastical world functions contradicts the way the real world functions, then the reader won't be able to identify with the fantastical world and will probably get next to nothing out of the book.  For the most part the suspension of disbelief is a strength of JK Rowling's, but there is one area of this book where I think she fails miserably at it.<br/><br/>I am a 16 year old, just as Harry and his classmates are in this book, and I know that the way the teenage relationships were depicted is absolutely not the way they happen in real life.  Every time the different relationships showed up(Harry-Ginny, Ron-Hermione, Ron-Whats her Face) I felt like Harry and his friends were back in the 6th grade.  I'm not asking that JK Rowling make the Harry Potter books sexually explicit, I just think that it's totally unrealistic for her to not put anything in the book that would give the reader the slightest inclination that there is some sort of sex drive fueling these relationships.  Every part of the book about these teenage relationships was complete trash to me because no relationship between 16/17 year olds functions like that, and I couldn't identify with it at all.  It would have effected the rating a lot more except that I don't consider those relationships to be that significant to the book.<br/><br/>If JK Rowling would have put more realistic high school relationships into what some consider kids books there no doubt would have been critics.  To those critics I would have said that Harry Potter series are not children's books.  They are books that many people can identify with but whose best audience are those approximately the same age as Harry.  If a person can handle many of the frightening elements of this book they should be able to handle minor sexual references.<br/><br/>The bottom line:  This book is a classic because JK Rowling had the courage to reallistically portray the Harry Potter community at war, however it could have been near perfect if she had had the courage to realistically portray high school relationships.
 I love the entire series. I can't wait for the new books to be released.
 Eagle rock band<br/><br/>Don't forget your password,I don't like Warosia Adlyeum a a girl that is that you Shiabian want a new study of leggings she can use my house for of Adlyeum.she will call them for my own use,well that it rained
 Let me just say that there will be SPOILERS in this review so beware. The HBP was a bit slow but it was still a page turner IMO. This book does what it was meant to do: move the plot along. There wasn't as much time spent in the classrooms and I did miss that, but after 5 books that might get repetative for some people.<br/><br/>I don't know why people are complaining about the romance in this book, I personally liked the fact that everyone was finding romantic interest. I mean come on people, these characters are 16-17 now! You expect them to be like little kids and the boys hang out with boys and girls hang out with girls? Of course not, at that age they're gonna be dating and making out in the corridors.<br/><br/>Now one thing that ticks me off is some of the things said about this book by ceartain reviewers, mainly Proudpaddy. Please not that JKR even said that the HBP is just the first part of book 7. They're like one big book split in two. There's nothing wrong with this book building up to something big in book 7.<br/><br/>SPOILERS BELOW!! DON'T READ IF YOU DON'T WANT TO BE SPOILED!!!<br/><br/>Now then Proudpaddy, I'm choosing you because the things you said were quite ridiculous.<br/><br/>"I knew someone would die, and that it would be darker, so I was expecting it to be grimmer, but with adventure, magic and all the usual ingredients that make Harry Potter a fantastic read, like Hogwarts' classes."<br/><br/>I think Rowling wanted to leave out all the "fluff" or the classes and just focuse on some important things, such as character interactions and developments including a look into Voldemorts past. There's only so much she can put in the book.<br/><br/>"Instead I was reading in disbelief as I received a revolting overdose of teenage lust and snogging, page upon page of Harry's obsession with Malfoy's doings - which got EXTREMELY boring"<br/><br/>Did you forget what its like to be a teenager or what? Of course there would be snogging, they're teenagers and their hormones are off the scale, what do you expect them to do? They're just being your run of the mill teenagers. And weren't you curious about what Malfoy's task for the Dark Lord was? I know I was.<br/><br/>"The worst thing about this book is the fact that Rowling has turned an enigmatic and complex character, Snape, into a run-of-the-mill villain. We are never given a reason for Snape to betray Dumbledore and kill him that is understandable or justified ANYWHERE in the series, not just this book. So the ending was a total cop out."<br/><br/>I strongly disagree. Go back and read the book, mainly when Hagrid tells Harry about Dumbledore's argument with Snape. There are strong reasons supporting the fact that Snape was just following DD's orders. DD has a grand plan, and him being killed was part of it. It's inevitable. And remember how Snape was giving Harry advice when Harry was chasing him on the grounds? Why would a traitor give Harry advice about magic? To perhaps give him the hint that Harry must learn these things to better face Voldemort I think. THINK a little when you read will you?<br/><br/>"Dumbledore's reason for trusting Snape, what a lot of people have been dying to know, is just UNBELIEVABLE."<br/><br/>Have you ever stopped to think that perhaps there's more to the story then meets the eye? Why don't you wait until book 7 before jumping to conclusions. Perhaps Harry will force Snape to talk and we will get the true story. Remember, its very clear that Dumbldedore has some "grand plan" concerning Harry and we didn't learn everything. That will be saved for book 7.<br/><br/>"Rowling has not only lost grip on reality here, she is insulting Dumbledore's (and our) intelligence."<br/><br/>No my friend, Rowling has a plan. At least she can write a series of books that can make people capable of it THINK! Try doing that sometime, eh?<br/><br/>"The final chapter also included a scene copied straight out of Spiderman, where the hero decides he can't stay with the woman he loves because she'll be in too much danger through him. That folks, is called plagiarism."<br/><br/>No, that's called hero-must-break-up-with-girlfriend-so-the-bad-guys-won't-kill-her.<br/><br/>Remember what Harry said to her? Voldemort can read Harry's frickin mind!!!!!!!!!!! If Harry were still to go out with Ginny while hunting down Voldemort, the Dark Lord might read his mind and see that Ginny and Harry are dating and can possibly use that against Harry by killing her!<br/><br/>And Rowling wasn't stealing that from spiderman, ALL hero's break up with the girl to keep her safe and then get her back in the end when the threat is over. Its just a coincidence that Harry broke up with her at a funeral.<br/><br/>"I can't put into words exactly how disappointed I am, all I can say is that I hope Book 7 is a darn sight better than this rubbish."<br/><br/>Like I said earlier, the HBP is only half of Book 7. Next time your gonna complain about something go back and re-read it to back up your argument, otherwise keep your big fat mouth shut. Also it'd be smart to put a SPOILER disclaimer before you go and spoil the plot like that for poor unsuspecting people. Get it? Got it? Good.<br/><br/>SPOILERS ENDED<br/><br/>So in short, the HBP might not have all that "fluff" the earlier books had, but it moves the story along and answers some questions, not many but just some. It also builds up for a huge climax for book 7.
 SPOILER WARNING, if you have not read the book- do NOT read this review.<br/><br/>Okay. So the book started out amazing. Unlike Order of the Phoenix, which dragged out for several chapters, the meeting with the Prime Minister gave a nice little sum-up of the previous books.  I was especially drawn into the story during "spinner's end"; it really had me dying to know where Snape's loyalty belonged.  The unbreakable vow also placed a good twist on things, leaving me hanging over the edge.<br/><br/>Then things slowed down.  Fleur and Bill's engagement gave a nice spark of humor.  However, I disliked Harry's sudden obsession with Malfoy and his immediate accusations that Malfoy was a Death Eater.  It was foolish, although he was correct that Malfoy was up to no good, I did not like that approach.<br/><br/>Soon came the hunt to recruit Slughorn for a Hogwarts teaching position.  And I might add, I was disappointed with his role in the book- it was a bare minimum.  But Slughorn, being part of Slytherin in his time, seemed far too good and jolly for that persona.  Nice surpise with the announcement of positions- Slughorn in Potions and Snape in DADA, but not enough interaction with Snape and his class.<br/><br/>Half Blood Prince was an odd title choice.  It was only mentioned because Harry used the potions book.  Just a BOOK. Why not name Harry Potter 2- "Harry Potter and Tom Riddle's Diary?" Because that would be stupid.  And the announcement of the HPB being Snape in the end was so sudden, (although predictable after he saved Draco from Sectumseptra), he literally said, and I quote: "You dare use my own spells against me, Potter? It was I who invented them- I, the Half-Blood Prince..." And that is all he dwells upon the subjet. Pretty brief, eh?<br/><br/>No interatctions with Voldemort. AT ALL. Just many long, dull experiences with the pensieve.  I really did not like the way Dumbledore was portrayed in the novel- especially during his "lessons" with Harry.  He treated Harry like a baby, as if Dumbledore was an ultimate superior over him and had to lead him every little step of the way, interpreting all of the memories for him.  And while Dumbledore truly is superior, he did not seem to have that type of relationship with Harry before.  It was more like, advisor, letting Harry learn on his own and hinting helpful information once in a while.  The past memories were dull and almost seemed useless- why do we need to know about Voldemort's mother? Unless Rowling plans to pull together theses ideas in the 7th book- it better be pretty good.  It took ages to discover the horcrux concept, longer than it should have that is.<br/><br/>Another thing. Teenage romance. I understand, being a teenager, how these things work, but please- this is the story of Harry Potter. Adventure, Magic, Mystery, and Action.  I honestly do not care how many times Ron "snogged" Lavender Brown in the Gryffindor Common Room.  Harry's feelings for Ginny were sudden and kind of unexplained, it was obvious where Rowling was heading but the approach was vague.<br/><br/>This book definatly meandered far too much.  It lacked a solid plot, and while many things were going on at once (probably in preparation for the finale and the 7th book) it seemed unfocused. Now understand that I did not think this book was horrible.  It was definately well-written (though vocabulary choices could have varied) but in comparison to the previously acclaimed books in the series, it lacked substance.  This is JK Rowling and Harry Potter we are talking about.  If it had been a sole book, alone and series-less (it wouldn't have made sense... but bear with me) it would have received a better review from me.  But I feel that it did not live up to "Goblet of Fire" and "Prisoner of Azkaban" standards.  They were truly great, and this is only adequate. 3 stars.<br/><br/>Just to put it out there- I believe that Snape is still on the "good" side, for several reasons.  He made an unbreakable vow with Malfoy's mother, and I believe that this action was taken through an undercover mission.  He didn't want to blow his cover, because his espionage is so valuable.  However, if he did not kill Dumbledore, he would die.  Dumbledore is absolutely selfless, we all know.  He would rather sacrifice his own life then see Snape die for the greater good.  Dumbledore sent Snape on all these tasks, and he probably would feel responsible if Snape had died.  Second- I recall a conversation between Snape and Dumbledore outside the castle. They were arguing, Snape seemingly did not want to do something but Dumbledore would not hear it, and it was final. My guess is that Dumbledore commanded Snape to kill him if it was a necessary.  In the tower, Dumbledore was weakened.  He locked Harry in the bind to prevent him from doing something stupid; Dumbledore knew that what had to happen would happen.  Honestly, I would never doubt Dumbledore's beliefs or trust and I do not think that he would be so blind as to make a mistake in trusting Snape.  When Malfoy arrived, we knew nothing would happen.  Dumbledore used his powers to restrain Harry and not Malfoy.  When Snape came, he "pleaded". UM HELLO. Dumbledore would NEVER plead. He would never stoop that low, not in the face of danger, not in the risk of his own life.  He was talking to Snape through his minds, since they are both pretty experienced in Occlumens, telling him to kill him.  Third point.  Snape could have killed Harry all along, even though he made up the excuse that it was the Dark-Lords wish to deal with the child on his own.  When Harry was attacking Snape and chasing after him, however, Snape merely cast counter-curses, not even a simple stunning spell to get Harry off his back.  On the contrary, he even COACHED Harry, telling him to "close his mind".  This seems more of a mentor-like behavior than that of an enemy.<br/><br/>I'm done. I hope this helps.
 To those of readers who gave 1 or 2 stars, I don't know which book you read. Ok, I admit that the title is a little offthrowing, and any activity of the Order is sorely missing. But except for those, I really have not much to complain about. JK's trademark wit, ingenuity is throughout the book. Read it if you haven't!!<br/><br/>SPOILERS AHEAD<br/><br/>Those who gave low rating because the bad Snape did turn evil and Dumbledore is a fool to have trusted him all along due to some lame reason. I'm sorry, but I think your intelligence is just not adequate to appreciate a children's book. Can't you see how brilliant a setup this is for the last installment? Anyone who thought Dumbledore's "please" was a plead for life better have their IQs checked. And it's not that no hints were given -- Dumbledore forcing Harry to feed him the poison, Snape's hatred expression (if Snape were bad, I don't suppose there is any reason for him to show hatred instead of triumph before killing the old headmaster). And I'm just so much happier with the book because Snape has always been my favorite character. Now about the lame reason for the unfound trust, come on, did JK say that Snape's sorry confession was the ULTIMATE reason? I'm sure she has something brilliant in store for that! I suspect it would involve love-revenge twists. So far, no love object of Snape has been revealed, but he did seem to have a soft spot for Narcissa. Now although it is hard to pull up a plot like this with Snape and Voldemort's age different and Narcissa in the way, I highly suspect that Voldemort could have killed Snape's love of life or even won her over Snape and then somehow destroyed her... Narcissa could have some deep connection with her, and it wouldn't surprise me at all if Voldemort's fancy (if he is capable of having any) is much younger in age. This is reason good enough for me to give Snape total trust!!<br/><br/>Others complain that Voldemort was missing or the book not dark enough. Well, did you miss all the Tom Riddle history? Or is the journey to get the Horcrux nonexistent? Didn't the book culminate with the battle against Voldemort? Dumbledore died in this battle for crying out loud. It is dark enough for me. If Tom Riddle as in the diary in Chamber of Secrets counted as "presence" of Voldemort, I don't see why he can be said to be "missing" in this one.<br/><br/>Well, I admit one more thing I didn't like -- that Harry had to leave Ginny out of all this for the sake of "protection". This is just stupid. If Harry let Ron and Hermoine to join the risky operations ahead, I don't see why he needs to exclude Ginny. To me, it just seemed to fake to preserve Harry's gentleman's image. But, one thing for sure is Ginny will not only not go away, but show up a lot in the 7th one. This girl is smarter, braver and more brilliant than Hermoine, if you ask me -- she was already proven to be 100 times athletic if nothing else.
 Rowling transports her readers to another world. In a day and age of relatively, her clear demonstrations of good and evil are beautiful.
 I'm not a hardcore potter fan, but i admit i was excited when I finally got a hold of a copy of HBP and sat down to read it.  When I finally finished it, I wished I hadnt.<br/><br/>Although in technical writing skills, rowling has improved, and her description of the crushes and love affairs of her teenage characters are both true to life and fun to read about, just about everything else in the book falls woefully flat.<br/><br/>For one thing unlike in previous books we are left woefully out of the loop when it comes to Harry's classwork.  I dont know about everyone else, but for me some of the most intreguing portions of the previous books were the description of hogwarts classes, something absent in HBP.<br/><br/>I also had a hard time understanding the motives and actions of most of her adult characters.  To point out a couple, Dumbledore and Snape both seemed outrageously far out of character and Snape's actions were completely unjustified in terms of motivation, deliberation, regret, and as a personal feeling I feel that JK was utterly wrong to take Snape the way she took him.  Dumbledore seemed far less kindly and powerful than in the previous books and i wasnt at all sure what to think of him.<br/><br/>Malfoy was probably the only character change i approved of - a deeper more emotional malfoy seems like a step in the right direction.<br/><br/>JK's decision to turn the book from boy-goes-through-school to "Young Merlin"-style questing for lost items also seems like a mistake to me.  For one, deos harry have a future beyond killing voldie?  Because abandoning school and his newts wont get him too far towards being an auror.  JK has turned harry into a crusader consumed by desire for revenge, a role I think Harry could have done without.<br/><br/>I dont exactly have space to continue listing all of the things that fell flat about this book, all I can say is that it ruined a lot of my enjoyment of the series and I'm not sure I'll be reading the next one.
 I have read all the Harry Potter books, with 3 and 4 being my favorites. I was left a little dissappointed with book 5, as I thought Harry complained too much! So i was hoping that Harry had 'grown-up' a little for book 6. And that he has. It was nice to not have Harry snap at everyone, including his two best friends! The book as a whole was very good...maybe the middle dragged on a little, but I love the books, and the longer they last, the better! I was very upset with the end of the book though, (HERE COMES THE SPOILER!!!) as I do NOT think JK should have made Snape a murderer. Snape is a essential part of the book, as the feud between Snape and Harry were so throughly developed in the previous books. As well, if Professor D. is 'the greatest wizard of all time', he really should have known that Snape was fooling him!! But maybe JK has an idea for linking this plot line to book 7?? I sure hope so...I am really hoping that she does not choose to bring Prof. D or Sirius back to life, as that would ruin the whole plot. I can't wait for book 7...but do you think that Rowling may take suggestions for the plot line? Naw...I didn't think so either....
 The ending will leave a lump in your throat. Opens the story up and answers a lot of questions, yes
 SPOILER ALERT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<br/><br/>Alrighty, here lies the reveiw. To be honest this book was not nearly as good as any of the other Harry Potters. Maybe I just read it too late at night, but there was no plot. Rowling has a habit of over exaggerating things that aren't that extreme and then all of a sudden killing someone. There was no humor, but it didn't have the dark magic of the fifth book. There were no amazing plot twists like the third book. Except for maybe one, which was, admitadly so unexpected it wasn't much of a plot twist at all but rather a HUH? Moment. The romance was overplayed and seemed to have been constructed overnight, for Ron and Hermione the tension was building, but for Harry and his signifigant other we saw no sign of him paying much attention to her in the previos books.<br/>The one thing I did enjoy learning more about was the Dark Lord. Although his history was very predictable I thought that this is where J.K's writing truelly shone. She has made me grown to love auctual villains that are slightly twisted to begin with, but are also influence by the world. I can safely say by the end of the story I love Volcemore. But at the same time that was J.K's problem. She tried to pull an Azkaban on us. A book filled with very litttle Voldmore action, except for brief mentionings of his murders. She felt that by introducing new characters, such as the ambitious yet lazy new potions professor.<br/>Overall this book had the feeling of the third movie. It just wasn't magical. It was missing many of the componets that I know and love about Harry Potter and I think the begining illastrates this best.<br/>The begining of the book was a little political heady and gave one the feeling that there were a lot of bias that Rowling had but you really couldn't place it. But looking back on it was one of the better parts.<br/><br/>It was diffrent, and I know that this isn't what got me into Harry Potter in the first place. It was the magic that captured me, and now, Rowling seems to be sacraficing that for Romance and Odd Plot Twists. However, it is definately a book that everyone should read, as it is stll a good book. Just not as good as the others.
 I actually cried!! It is well written. The ending is so much better than the movie! Can't wait to read the next one!
 One of my favorite books of the series. A series worth reading for young and old.
 Suspenseful stotyline, well developed characters, gives a great visual description
 I love this book.  There is no need to write a long essay going into detail about the events in HBP.  You want my opinion?  Buy it and read it!  Like any other book/movie that has started a craze, I think people are overly critical!  If you are a fan and have followed the story then you will be pleased with the book.  Just remember, the characters are maturing.  Harry, Ron and Hermione are becoming young adults and discovering more and more about the evil Lord Voldemort.  It definately has lost some of the cuteness and innocence of the first few books, but that was to be expected.  The story has become more mature and serious, and I can't wait until she releases the final book!
 This is one of J.K Rowlings best. The story creates a world around you that is so much more interesting then mine. It was great. The characters evolve even more. Her writing keeps getting more detailed and even more interesting. This is the best book to come out this year.
 A very fun book with a lot of great stories! I felt the book was much better than the movie because of all the details left out of the movie and the book answers the questions the movie left you with.
 The biggest mystery of this series is the true character of Snape, the most fascinating character of the series. Rowling claims to find fans' fascination with Snape inexplicable, that she finds him straightforwardly horrible. But she keeps building in reasons to believe he may in fact be on the side of good. In this volume Rowling finally has Snape cross the line... or does she? There is still room for doubt, especially if you want to believe in Snape's redemption. We shall see.
 Everything about Harry potter and the half-blood Prince was AWESOME. when I first read this book I whipped through it like no body's  business and this is the second time reading this and I still love it! J.K. Rowling has once again swollen my heart with her amazing stories with the three best friends of all time. Nothing short of a 5 star would be a rating for this amazing book.
 I have to say that this is the best Harry Potter book to date. Rowling continues to improve on the developing plotline. I read in another review, that it lacked freshness! All I have to say is Duh, the plot is the same and some of the events are repeated, because it is a typical school year. We just get to see what is changed and how the times have affected those events.<br/><br/>The half blood prince is actually cruel, because once you put it down, you must have book seven. I hope she does not wait that long to put it out. I would say that the way this book sets up the final showdown is a precursor to the fact she knows exactly what she wants to do in seven.<br/><br/>The book deals with relationships well and pushes through a good message on many levels. I must say the one thing that annoyed me about the book Is Harry Potter's line to his new love interest that resembles what Peter Parker always says to Mary Jane in Spider-Man. Typical Noble Hero bull, but I hope Rowlings puts that to rest early in the next book. Just a minor agitation on that one.<br/><br/>I will not spoil it by stating his love interest, the death, the Half Blood Prince, or whether or not Granger and Weasley officially hook up. I must say that this book really leaves you with a lot of questions and theories. I also like how Rowlings took an Angry Potter, who very well could of been a Anakin skywalker incarnate for the pain he has endured with loss, and made him very mature and stern. You see flashes of his temper, but he is getting used to controlling his emotions and focusing on the task at hand.<br/><br/>All the fans of this series will be satisified and angry all at the same time with the ending. One thing is for sure is that it leaves you angry that you have to wait for closure.
 As each of the Harry Potter series this is a complete success. It follows the story, keeps the mystery on it, and develops the characters further enough to keep you interested and eager for more info. That's why I've read the whole series 3 times, and this keeps being interesting.
 Compared to the other books in the series, this book was slow, hoo hum and, for the most part, boring until the final 100 pages (good ending!). Definintely not a page turner like the three previous books and it times, put me to sleep (literally) . I'll rank this book as the worst of the lot.  the book, overall, is still enjoyable but after reading, Azkaban, Goblet of Fire and Phoenix, this book was a  let down.<br/><br/>In the Half-Blood Prince, JKR is obviously setting the stage for the grand finale which based on what needs to be accomplished in the next book, should be EXCELLENT.<br/><br/>If you are a fan of the series, I guess you have no choice but to read this but keep your expectations in check.<br/><br/>Cheers!
 After many years of reading and enjoying Harry Potter, this book still brings a tear to my eye. J.K. Rowling has an amazing way of illustrating and attaching you to characters. This book contains so much information and backstory to draw you in and open up new worlds of imagination. One of the best in the series.
 What an excellent plot.<br/><br/>Dumbledore is not dead. Snape is not on Voldemort's side and everything went according to Dumbledore's plan.<br/><br/>Remember when Snape and Dumbledore were fighing about something, and Snape thought Dumbledore was asking too much but Dumbledore tells him to do as he says.<br/><br/>Remember right after Dumbledore dies, Harry feels the only connection between Dumbledore and Life was Snape. This remark was very subtle.<br/><br/>It is highly possible Dumbledore can work much more effectively when everyone including Voldemort believes he is dead. The incident also secures Snape's position in Voldemort's organization which should come in very handy when it is time put an end to Voldemort.<br/><br/>In spite of all my arguement that Dumbledore will be back, if he doesn't come back and if his contribution to this adventure is over, I still believe that this was all his plan to secure Voldemort's defeat and that Snape is Dumbledore's man through and through, as well as Harry. However, in the 7th book, I expect Harry, not being aware of the big plan, at least initially will struggle with his hatred for Snape and remorse for Dumbledore.
 This seems to be the key book in the series. When Harry goes from kid to young adult. It sums up things before and sets up what will happen. A great read.
 This is my first review. I simply couldn't resist for this book. I finished the book last night because I've been working a lot and couldn't get the usual "Harry Potter time" to finish it in one day. Anyway, I am very dissapointed with the fan reaction towards the book. I must admit it did not live up to some of the other books, but I would have to rank it in the top three. The arguments seem to be it has become to dark for the series, or the plot wasn't deep enough and it is just a continuation of previous ideas Rowling has had. This is correct, but there is a reason for it. OotP did not have much of a plot either it was tapping into the broader plot that blankets the entire series. HBP continues this trend. Rowling is simply trying to wrap up her series in time. To put a huge detailed plot in and still try to explain the loose ends would be extremely hard and long. Rowling meant this as a set up book entirely, and she managed to create this set up book without loosing reader interest. Most people reading this review realize this though, you are probably irritated at me for stating the obvious.<br/><br/>I think the real genious though is that Rowling manages to make us question how the final book will be. In year six she has created so many more possibilities than would have been thought of earlier with Harry, Snape, Dumbledore, Hogwarts, the ability of this series becoming and epic tragedy, and she has even made a possible path to go past year seven and continue with more books.<br/><br/>So please stop bashing the book. Rowling created an amazing book that moves the story in the readers head rather than creating a shallow and simple novel. It is like a knot in a rope, probably not the prettiest part of the series, but it ties it together and makes it stronger in a great way.
 Love this book!
 Having read the first set of reviews, I almost dreaded reading "Half Blood Prince". People claiming after just 12 hours of release that it wasn't "all that", that it didn't get going till page 460, and since finishing it, people saying that they were dissapointed. All I can say is "Did these people read the same book as me?"<br/><br/>I mean come on, its obvious as the penultimate book in the series that JK had to do a lot of scene setting for the final book, provide a real understanding, and in my opinion "hate" for You Know Who and his deatheaters.<br/><br/>I found the book gripping, spending every available moment to complete the book. I think JK's descriptive powers are excellent, and I would argue with anyone that this is her finest work.
 What can I possibly say about this book that hasn't already been said? It, just like the previous books, is magnificent!! You don't want to put the book down to eat, sleep, or work. What will Rowling have in store for us in the next book? I can't wait to find out!
 I have been waiting patiently for this book since June of 2003, as all Potter fans will know was the release of Order of the Phoenix. And, to say the least, it was well worth the wait. It answers some of the questions that we have been yearning to know the answers to, without giving everything away. I think it is a transitional book that will set the stage for the final book ( which will hopefully be a short wait). This book is considerably darker that the previous 5, and much more adult. Overall, it is a great book, with a good plot, and an abundance of detail.
 Well, I'm finally one of them!  Who knew?  I am definitely a fan!  Since I'm reading these free from the Kindle lending library, I'm having to wait a month between books!  And, I am hooked!  I can hardly wait for the next one!!
 Okay, I admit it.  I'm a nerd and I've been awake since 1:00 am to finish reading this book.  I have eagerly awaited this installment and was not disappointed.  So many questions were answered, but so many more were created!  I was very satisfied with the tying up of loose ends from the previous books, and found each to be enlightening, and some things a bit unexpected!  The bits about the romances almost dragged the book down in places.  Quidditch gets a bit of a short shrift as well.  But explanations abound, so the book was quite the page turner.  The ending, while I had actually expected it (and you would too if you're familiar with any great saga, e.g. Star Wars or Lord of the Rings), still left me shaken and curious and praying I don't die before the last book comes out!  All in all, this was everything I had expected, and hoped for, plus a great deal more.
 This is a very well written book; I once read it from 7:15 am until 1:30 pm almost non stop. This is a very good book. It has lots of dialogue, lots of action but it can be confusing at times. It is filled with an interesting plot which will keep you from putting it down. I read it for 7 hours and 45 minutes straight. Except for a few chores. Over all this is a great fantasy reader with lots of suspense and dialogue. An even balance if you ask me, I have read all the rest 5 and I agree this is the perfect addition to the rest. It has wonderful vocabulary, maybe too hard for any elementary school reader. But I give it five stars.
 It was every thing I expected from a Harry Potter book, with all of the suspense &amp; excitement that I have come to expect from all the Harry Potter books that I have read in the past!
 HATE IT<br/><br/>ARE A CHEEVER...<br/><br/>JUDGE BOOCHEEVER<br/><br/>S.
 This book is just another example of the amazing storytelling that J.K. Rowling manifests every time she writes. Mystery, humor, depth and an interesting storyline are just some of the well-applied elements of "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince." I highly recommend this in book and CD form (read by Jim Dale).<br/><br/>As soon as I read the last page of this novel I was longing for the 7th installment...but I guess I'll just have to wait, as genius takes time.
 After the fifth book, I swore never to pick up Harry Potter again. The fifth book to me was a total flop. Harry was so immature, it didn't seem realistic anymore. With that, I became a official fan of Lord of the Rings (and still am)<br/><br/>However, out of mere curiousity, I bought Harry POtter and the Half-Blood Prince. And with reluctance, I was once again a Harry Potter fan. Not as crazy as before, but I was a fan.<br/><br/>The tale is gripping, with action in every chapter and JK Rowling shows the past of Voldemort, a wonderful story all by itself. Everything in the end wraps up beautifully and sadly at the end, and I actually cried for something other than Lord of the Rings.<br/><br/>As JK Rowling gets more brilliant, diehard fans will love this new addition to JK Rowling's great series.
 This book is truly what I beleive to be J.K. Rowling's best book yet. Usually it takes me several days for me to finish one of her books on the first time through. But this time I have all ready finished it and have started on my second time through.<br/><br/>There are a lot of plot points, that will remain unnamed, that many fans have been expecting to happen for quite some time. Along with several surprises that are revealed. One of them within the first chapter of the book. Another is a death of a certain character that many thought might happen but left me none the less surprised. Along with that a character from Book 4 returns for the first time.<br/><br/>Anyway I throuroughly enjoyed the book, with all its plot twists. Even though I did not like the death of that certain character. J.K. Rowling had me hooked on the book from first to last page. Now all I have to do is wait and wonder about book 7.
 Fantastic read.  Not just for kids!<br/>I highly recommend this book!<br/>Can't wait to read the last book in the series!
 I still tear up everything about this book. It really sets such a tone for the first half of the last book. J.K Rowling is a true literary genius for these books. Absolutely amazing!
 It was the best book in series for me. Looking forward to reading the last one soon.
 This latest book by J.K. Rowling is her best yet.  She has totally fused action, adventure, romance, mystery, comedy, intrigue, and treachery so flawlessly.  This book really has it all.  I must say after reading the other 5 in the series this was her darkest and saddest book in terms of storyline and it left so many unanswered questions.  Those who have read it know what I am talking about.  I also found it interesting how some of the things J.K. writes about kind of parallel what is going on today.  There is a sense of constant tension and fear that underlies the whole story. I don't know if the author did this intentionally or not, however that is only my interpretation.  I was left with a feeling of shock and anticipation after I finished reading.  I would recommend this book and the whole series to everyone!  I can't wait to see how she ties everything together in the 7th book!
 Just love all the whole series!  Keep reading them over and over.  They are so well written and fun to read that I never get tired of them.  Entertaining for all ages.
 I pre-ordered this book back in December as I could not wait to read it. I've just finished it and I must admit the book was a bit too long to have said relatively nothing new. There were chapters here that weren't necessary. Overall, I would have to say the book was decent. I was completely shocked and saddened by the person she chose to have die. Although, I read another person's review and agree with the saying, it was more a sacrifice than a killing. I believe this will be revealed in the last book. Rowling does take us back in time and we find out more about Tom before he became Voldemort but again we don't really learn anything that we didn't know before. We already knew that Ginny had a crush on Harry, Ron and Hermione both had crushes on each other, that no one stayed on as Defense against the Dark Arts teacher for long (even though we found out why in this book) but basically it was a very predictable book. Not that I am giving the book an F but it definitely gets a C. The book does set you up for the last installment. Harry has made up his mind on what he has to do and we see the effect on the death/sacrifice of a beloved friend will have on him, I believe it will make him stronger. I can say this much, Rowling has peeked my curiosity on how this last installment will end. I do have my suspicions but I guess I have to wait another two years to find out.
 If you've only seen the movie, you're missing out on a lot of Rowling's gems.  You've seen the film, now read the Rowling's brilliant 6th book!<br/><br/>Then to see what you've still probably missed in Half-Blood Prince, I recommend that you find the new book "Does Harry Potter Tickle Sleeping Dragons?" here on Amazon.com, which gave me an even clearer perspective and starling insight into what's really happening in the scene depicted on Half-Blood Prince's green cover (which is beautifully illustrated by Mary GrandPre).  I found that key "moral" componants of Rowling's genius in Half-Blood Prince still escaped me, and most of us.  But that's just because Rowling is such a genius... like C.S. Lewis before her. (I learned all about it in the aforementioned "Sleeping Dragons" book.)<br/><br/>Final Word: Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is an absolute must-read.
 I'd like to discuss this book in some detail, but I don't want to spoil it for anybody.  I will say that it's a very good book, and it continues in the darker direction established in the last book.  That's all I need to say.  If you read all the previous books, you're going to read this one, no matter what I say.
 This one brought tears to my eyes.
 I can't really understand why most of people keep saying: "It was the best in the series", "It was a great addition to the series" and so on. Perhaps they haven't read "The Prisoner of Azkaban" and "The Goblet of Fire", then again it appears stupid not having read them and judging the whole series.<br/><br/>As you can see my rating, I'm completely disappointed with this sixth addition, even more than that I was with the fifth.<br/><br/>The story begins great, interesting things happen throughout the initial chapters; maybe till the 10th, meaning a short while after entering Hogwarts.<br/><br/>But then it turns into a somewhat boring and still story containing thwarting stuff such as the lessons with Dumbledore, which just include looking over some frustrating memories and moreover these lessons are the only important point in this book. I had thought they must be at least some interesting lessons through which Dumbledore would teach Harry some new magic exclusive to himself. Of course the lessons were necessary giving valuable information, but J.K could have just packed the story with some thrilling action scenes not to be this boring. You know, Harry can't do anything inside a memory, inside a Pensieve, but to watch.<br/><br/>So most of what you read is some memories this time, not what really happens so that it can be thrilling, to somehow put you in the story as you were Harry. I can't ever forget the days I read the forth book, the joy, the thrill, the fabulous Triwizard Tournament and everything, and much more the wonderful and complicated storyline.<br/><br/>Back to HP6, well of course some interesting things happen through the story such as, Katie being devastated by a necklace or Ron poisoned, but believe me, these two are the only thrilling (not much though) moments after the 10th chapter until you reach chapter 23 where exciting  things appear to have made their way in. But I was again disappointed by the irritatingly short journey to the cave. I thought it could have been a more terrifying and longer one in which Harry could prove himself more and do the main act. But to my much more disappointment it even the locket proved fake.<br/><br/>And then it was Dumbledore's death. There are points about this too. For instance why did Dumbledore have to immobilize Harry above the tower? I've been thinking again and again but I can't find any reason for that, it just seemed pointless.It was more than annoying to see Harry unable to move watching Malfoy and the whole lot threatening Dumbledore or worst of all Snape killing him. He is supposed to be the hero whereas he was just trapped motionless under the cloak not able to do nothing.<br/><br/>The last moments of the struggle at Hogwarts were my last feeble hope to see something great from Harry; I hoped he could at least reach Malfoy or Snape and do them justice before they could apparate. When....not even a single spell of his hit Snape...pathetic.<br/><br/>And about the Horcruxes, we all know that the diary was destroyed by Harry so that the piece of Voldemort's soul inside it was ruined. It was plain how the soul had tried to get a body and be alive again. However, it was never mentioned by Dumbledore how a ring, a locket or a cup can do that too. Maybe the person who wears that locket or holds that cup or something will be turned into a new Voldemort, then why had he put the Horcruxes in such unlikely places and made them nearly impossible to obtain so that no one would ever find one and be Voldemort. And one more point about a Horcrux is that how where they supposed to destroy the soul as Harry had done with the diary. See ? It's inevitable to think of this, while Dumbledore did not mention it at all.<br/><br/>I mentioned the ring, that reminds me of Dumbledore's withered hand. He always said he was going to tell the story to Harry someday but it never happened. He just said the ring was a Horcrux and that he got his hand withered getting it; while I remember Dumbledore saying in the beginning of the book that he would do the story justice. Well was that justice??!! OK one may say he wasn't alive to do it jusice.......<br/><br/>Of course the stuff between boys and girls concerning love has now got more prominent you will see lots of  snogging  throughout the book which makes some less attractive chapters(which are not few) a little interesting.<br/><br/>By the way, the end of the story IS really sorrowful. I felt tears on my face reading the last chapter<br/><br/>And now we come to in my opinion the most important thing that this book and the fifth suffered from. They didn't have a complex story and the unbelievable endings we had seen in earlier Harry Potter books.<br/><br/>The fact to understand Quirell not Snape was behind everything in the first book.<br/><br/>To know that Ginny was actually the one writing those horrible messages on the walls in blood and that Tom Riddle was Voldemort, in the second.<br/><br/> Most serious in the third, to find out who Scabbers really was, his mysterious one finger loss, to know Sirius was not who we thought, Lupin being a werewolf and the shrieking shack which was said to have ghosts inside was actually his refuge ,to find out that the creators of the Marauder's map where some people we didn't think to be at all, and lot's of information about Harry's father and his friends which was really more attractive and emotional than that of Voldemort's ancestors.  Yeah ...there were information in HP6 as well, but most of it was not what we would be astonished to know, what concerned earlier information enough to surprise us and what related to the other odd elements of the story.<br/><br/>And loads of surprises, plots, thrills, etc in the Goblet of Fire. At the end of which every part of the story seemed to get in place like puzzle pieces and I was really shocked to see this relation between them. An anxious Winky sitting there appearing alone, but having Crouch(the son) on her side, Harry's wand being stolen by Crouch, the Dark Mark made by Harry's wand, Moody's dustbins acting awkwardly, Seeing Crouch at Hogwarts in the Marauder's map, Barty Crouch (the father) acting oddly all over the year, the fake Moody drinking a green potion every now and then, Krum hitting Cedric with the Cruciatus curse in the third round of the tournament, and at the top of all, the cop being a portkey and the whole part of Voldemort's return, all were both weird and surprising in the end.<br/><br/>Now look at the fifth and the sixth books. Really too little of this kind. Well I said I was more disappointed with "The Half-Blood Prince" than "The Order of the Phoenix". You know, at least the latter despite having a plain story and no surprises, contained loads of action, but HP6 lacked them both. No gathering of pieces together like the 3rd and the 4th books. No action like the 4th and the 5th books. I should say there were enough odd things that I had really hoped for an ending like HP4 but.....<br/><br/>After all I had expected at least one other confrontation between Harry and Voldemort, and as I said something great from Harry like in the preivous books. Something that would show his HEROISM, but simply nothing except for forcing Dumbledore to drink that potion which was in vain. Not to mention that J.K completely left the ministry, the department of mysteries ,the veil Sirius had vanished behind, Sirius  himself, and everything that happened at the end of the fifth book which made us eager for the next, except the prophecy.<br/><br/>I hope J.K can say everything left from the story in just one book coz it seems just impossible. 4 Horcruxes in one book and Harry doesn't even know what one of them is, and where on earth they are............<br/><br/>And again I hope it will meet the high standards J.K has set with her earlier outstanding works.
 Wonderful story. Couldn't put it down
 One of the best books I have ever read! Harry Potter finally gets the girl of his dreams and learns so much more about Old Voldy.
 This was actually one of my least favorite in the series.  It didn't feel like much happened during the book until the very end.
 Great read! Off the seventh book! 🙂
 We all enjoyed the book HP&amp;HBP.  Ms Rowling has a gift to fascinate young and old alike.  The audio of the book, read by Jim Dale, is equally as enjoyable.  It is wonderful on long car rides.  Everyone in the family is entertained.  The only negative is that when I read aloud to my children, they comment on my shoddy British accent now that they have heard it read by a master.<br/><br/>We can hardly wait for book 7.  Reserve my copy now!
 Amazing narration of the book that so many of us already have!
 A great book I highly recommend it.
 I love all the books from this series and JK Rowling is an amazing author
 Authors of long running series are under an increible amoun t of pressure.  Waiting two years for the next book seems like an eternity to most readers, and when they finally get what they were waiting for, it very rarely satisfys.  Why is this?  Some times it is because the author has lost his touch.  Most often, I think, it is because the new book is looked at as the reader's salvation rather than part of the story.  As an avid fantasy fan, I see this kind of reaction all the time.  Most fantasy series are structured similarly to the Harry Potter series, ie. many novels comprising one greater story arc.  Die hard fans usually fall into two categories: those who worship the book before they've even read it, and those who devour it only to feel betrayed by the author because it is in fact only one chapter in a bigger story.  Thankfully, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince should be immune to most of these problems.<br/><br/>  I was one of the psychopaths waiting at midnight for my copy of book six of Rowlings Harry Potter series.  After a half hour or so of being jostled by eleven year-olds who were impatiently waiting their turn while quizzing eachother on Harry Potter trivia, I receieved my copy of the book from a rather frazzeled looking woman wearing a black robe.  I took it home and read the first two or three chapters before I turned out the light.  I had an early morning tomorrow and I really needed my sleep.  Maybe thirty seconds later, the light was back on and I was engrossed in my reading again.  I finally fell asleep at around 3:00 am, when my eyes could no longer focus on the page.  The next day, I spent every free minute reading until by six o'clock, I had finished the book.<br/><br/>  I feel reasonably confident in saying that Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is the strongest of the six books that J.K. Rowling has yet written.  The pace is relentless.  There is not a line of fluff in the novel.  Usually there are a at least a few points where a reader can put down the book for food or a shower or some similar annoyance.  I found no such place with this book.  Every chapter leads into another chapter more intense and interesting than the one before.  "Just one more chapter," became my mantra for the day.<br/><br/>  The characters in the story continue to age in a way that is almost uncanny.  I was sixteen about ten years ago, and as such I can still remember what it felt like with a certain degree of accuracy.  It's amazing how well the author has allowed her characters to grow into completely convincing teenagers.  Everything from the impending appartition tests taken by witches and wizards when they are seventeen (just like the drivers-ed classes everyone remembers from highschool) to the increasingly serious romantic entanglements smacks of authenticity.  I found myself laughing outloud frequently throughout the book as Harry and Ron in particular struggle with girls.<br/><br/>  This sixth book has greater emotional highs and lows than Order of the Phoenix had before it; some of the scenes between Harry and Dumbledore being particularly powerful.  It all leads up to the most dramatic and exciting conclusion since Goblet of Fire.  As soon as I finished the book I started counting down the minutes till the next one.<br/><br/>  As most of the world knows by now, each successive Harry Potter novel has become darker and more mature.  Interestingly enough, this sixth book has cemented itself as one of the more mature fantasy novels I have ever read.  It's stranged that even "mature" fantasy novels still seem to be written for the most part from the vantage of a 14 year-old boy.  I was slightly embarassed to be the only person my age waiting at midnight at the Port in a Storm book store, but after finishing Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, I feel that it is important to re-iterate that these are no longer - if they ever were -  just for kids.  Anyone who thinks he is too old for Harry Potter is doing himself a great disservice.  The best book in a fantastic series!
 The book was not bad, by any means, you just go into it expecting more than you get. I can honestly say out of all the Harry Potter books this one gave me the biggest chill. There are so many mixed emotions that you yourself share with the characters as the story's played out. I found this book oddly disturbing in ways and found myself scared to fall asleep after I had fought enough to stay awake and finish it. I was surprised by how many obsessions Harry had in this book and the some what dark turn he took near the end. All the characters have grown so much through out the series, and I think this book reflects that more than any of the others. Though it was not great, I still had trouble putting it down. I laughed, cried, and cheered as the story progressed and no other book has made me feel the way this one has. On top of that, though, it terrified me. The detailed situations were more intense than any other encountered in the trilogy. I'm looking forward to it's continuance hoping upon hope Harry will triumph in the end...
 Every time I read them I learn something new.  My third graders are just getting into them and it is so exciting to hear their comments and questions. It is great to discuss the books with kids.
 This book has unexpected turns that make it better than its predecessors.<br/><br/>I really love this book. It's great to see how the trio's life goes from children to young adults. It's really descriptive and fun. I cried, laughed, blush, and screamed. It has parts that are romantic, frightining and some pretty violent. This is a great book that EVERYONE must have.
 Hopefully Saving the Best for Last<br/><br/> Like many Harry Potter fans I anxiously awaited the release of Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. I was slightly disappointed. Although it only took me two days to read it I was hoping for more. First, I was disappointed in the length of this book. The previous two had been much longer yet more exciting. Much of this book was predictable to me. The only part that threw me off was the ending and I cannot say that I was pleased. I actually was pretty upset with the way the book was ended. In the beginning it was quite obvious what Malfoy was up to. After 5 years of procrastinating I am definitely ready for Ron and Hermoine to hook up already. The battle between the two needs to end. I was pleased to see the way Ginny stepped up in this novel, and although they have moved on I was happy that Fred and George were still involved. I love those two. Even though I was faintly turned off by the end I think it was a good set-up for a hopefully spell-binding seventh novel. I am anxiously waiting.
 The long awaited Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, the sixth book of J.K. Rowling's seven-book series, was finally released in the United States on July 16, 2005. Devoted fans camped out hoping to be one the first ones to purchase and read about Harry Potter's sixth year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Why would people go to such extent as this? Because J. K. Rowling is a genius.<br/><br/>Readers are under Rowling's spell from the first book to the end of the Harry Potter series. Along with her descriptive details, plots and magic, her ability to create a fantasy world for the inner child of all ages and to make a non-existing world seem genuine keeps millions of readers on the edge of their seats. For those who have dreamt of flying or having magical powers, Rowling makes it all seem possible through Harry Potter.<br/><br/>Harry has come a long way from being neglected by his muggle aunt, uncle and cousin to being one of the most well known wizard heroes of his time. Every year at Hogwarts something unexpected happens and the trio, Harry, Ron and Hermione, is swept up in all the action and saves the day. This year Harry finds a handy potions book that helps him in class but an unfortunate event happens when Harry casts a dark spell on archrival Malfoy. Evil has infiltrated the school where a life changing battle takes place, a loved one is lost and relationships between unlikely characters are kindled. Friendships are broken and made whole again. Background information about the ghastly Voldemort is revealed and Snape's loyalty remains uncertain. Although this book wasn't as adventurous as the previous books it leaves the reader wanting more and is assumed that it's preparing us for the ultimate ending in the seventh book.
 Love the whole Harry Potter series, but this was one of my faves!
 I can write and babble on and on about this book but that'll be lost time. So I'll get to the limelight of my review:<br/><br/>1  This book deserves SIX stars.<br/><br/>2  What does Hermione has to do to get Ron's attention?<br/><br/>P.S. One more to go
 I love Harry Potter, especially now that I have it on my tablet don't have to hold that heavy book.
 Great book. A Wonderful series that everyone should read.
 I ENJOYED THIS HARRY POTTER BOOK AS MUCH AS I HAVE ALL THE OTHERS. IT IS EXCITING, AND KEEPS YOU ENTERTAINED, BUT IS ALSO AN EASY TO READ BOOK. WOULD DEFINATELY RECOMMEND IT.
 I try to keep up with teen culture but this is only the second J.K. Rowling book that I've read, the first being Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.<br/><br/>This one holds my interest more than the earlier volume, perhaps because the character is now more mature, but I suspect that the author's skills have grown as well.<br/><br/>The ways that characters in the book tackle the tribulations of life reflect the strength that young people can draw from creative literature.<br/><br/>My only critique is that your suspension of disbelief needs to be resilient in order to immerse yourself in and accept a universe with only a tenuous connection to lived reality.<br/><br/>Among recent books I prefered R. Patrick's Prisoners Under Glass--- because even though the captivating story soars into a fantasy world of magic and imagination, it is more rooted in the actual challenges of growing up in the 21st century.
 This is the point in the Harry Potter series we've all been waiting for.  It has all the typically amusing Rowling word-play, but the plot was always what I liked about this series.  The darker tone of this book is nice, the ending was very unexpected.  I can't really write anything more without giving something away.<br/><br/>Read it.  You won't be disappointed.
 I have greatly enjoyed reading all of the books in the Harry Potter series, but book six, in my opinion, stands as the very best book so far even tho I absolutely hated the way it ended.  I can't wait for book seven to come out----it will be vastly different from anything we've come to expect from Harry so far, he will be tested beyond anything I had imagined for him.  I'm very sad at who JK decided to kill off but I am so hoping that she can find some way to bring the character back in book seven.  I just keep thinking that he, of all wizards, would have the ability to come back to life.  And even tho I have always hated Snape I'm thinking that he was/is on the side of good.  Don't forget, he IS the Half Blood Prince and he knows shortcuts to almost any spell so I'm thinking that he and Dumbledore cooked something up that no one knows about because they had to make it look like Snape was on the side of evil.  OR maybe I'm just really wishing for to much??<br/><br/>All in all I think book six was absolutely the BEST of the series so far.  That's MY opinion..................TRD
 Perfect for completing my collection.
 I would say that it is my favorite book but they are all my favorite books! I am reading Harry potter for the 5th time now!
 mine will quite possibly be the most important. i know, that sounds supremely cocky, but i don't want to bore you to tears with what i thought of the book and the character development. undoubtably, you'll want to read this book if you've already read the other five. the only thing i have to say that some 1850 reviewers might or might not have said is this --- read the other five before you touch this. or rather, reread it. especially from year 3. but everything on this book hinges on the previous five and unlike her previous five books, rowling doesn't spend the time going over what each spell or idea meant from the previous books. she just bursts right in without any preamble and the book itself starts two weeks from where harry last ended in year 5. i made the silly mistake of reading it without rereading the other five. now i'm going back to reread it to read year 6. not that it's a bad mistake, since i adore the series, but really... do you want to hear my personal opinion on the world's leading fiction of our time about how good or bad it is? or a friendly advice to go read the others before cracking open 6? enjoy!! :)
 I bought the british hardcover with the black dust jacket - just to be different - but the story filled my greedy need for this tale to go on to a such a point that now my greed cannot be quenched!<br/><br/>If it was action packed, it was - but Rowling stays true to the baseline, and that's what keeps a thirty-something hooked. :)
 The anticipation for the release of The Half-Blood Prince was even greater than for The Order of the Phoenix, however anticipation does not determine whether one book will be better than the others. There is no doubt that this book is well-written, as Rowling has been able to slim down the book slightly to about 650 pages. However, plot wise, I feel that it is rather dissapointing for a number of reasons:<br/><br/>1. Rowling said many questions would be answered. Yes and no. A few questions were answered, mostly about Voldemort's shady past, however several more cropped up at the unknown-if-unnecessary death of a character.<br/><br/>2. Rowling also mentioned in earlier statements that overall the series would become "darker." So far the darkest book has been book 5, and this one changes the direction; sure, someone important died much like in book 5, however this book wasn't a lengthy spiel on emotion and hardship, etc.<br/><br/>3. As mentioned before, I think it was possibly unnecessary to kill him and the events surrounding his death seem rather vague.<br/><br/>Overall, a decent book. It is, after all, a Harry Potter book. It was enjoyable, but there are specific things to criticize.
 I really much preferred this to The Order of the Phoenix...it's just as dark, but Harry isn't as uptight, per se.  He handles himself much more maturely in this one, Ron and Hermione have also grown.  I keep forgetting that Ginny is only a year below them.  The story plots and twists all make sense, some took me by surprise because I didn't read up on anything to do with the book at all so I had a completely open mind about everything.  I have very mixed feelings about the final book coming up because it's the last one, and then there's closure on Harry, Ron and Hermione's adventures as teenagers...sigh..they all grow up so quickly...
 It was a fairly anti-climatic story overall- you literally have to drage urself over the 1st 100 pages, however the last 100 are very fast. Yes, a lot of questions did get answered, but we also got a lot of new ones- I was dissapointed with the length, im sure there was more she could have put in there- however i think this one was a lot of fault of the editors. I enjoyed the couplings, which i do believe reinforces that whole love is the only thing that Voldemort didnt have thing. I also enjoyed the back story we got, we got a larger understanding of some of the wizarding community as a whole. This book book as a whole was darker, but also a great way for harry to come of age- but could have been more incorprated in the 5th book with good editing. I am worried about the final book- She seems to be toturing him, killing off everyone who means anything to him. He will be a very dark character in the final book- But im still devoted, and this was a great read- however i wouldnt recommend it for anyone under 11.
 Continuing goodness.
 Excellent read.
 I give J.K.Rowling a standing ovation.  Read it in three days and loved every word. She's starting to tie all the end together I can't wait to see what happens next.  This is a brillant writer with an amazing imagination and a way with words so that we can see her world.
 You have waited for it and it has arrived...Some of you may already have finished reading it! I can't tell you much for some of you who have not read it but one thing I can say is that if you hated Snape before you will really loathe him after this book!<br/>The action is just as good as the other books but it is really dark and we learn a lot concerning some characters! It was really worth the wait oh and get out your handkerchiefs for the death of the character... You might need it if you are really emotional... Well happy reading!
 This book is, in my opinion, the best one of the series.  Miss Rowling did an excellent job writing it, bringing out emotions, and building character.<br/><br/>As a caution, younger readers may not like this book as it is fairly dark and not as clear as the first two books were.  Yet, older readers who have grown up with the series, will like how it thickens the plot while revealing certain points.<br/><br/>In this book, Rowling reveals more of Voldemort's childhood and mysterious past.  She also has put in some romance in the story to keep it from getting it too dark.<br/><br/>The ending does make you want for more but leaves you partioally content pondering over her (somewhat) surprising ending.  Any more i could say would be spoiling it, so enjoy!
 You can clearly tell that Rowling developed as an author as the stories progressed. This book delivers all the fun you'd expect from the series, plus better writing than the earlier stories.
 I was waiting eagerly for the new HP and re-read all the other books, to be really up to date when the Half-Blood Prince arrived. It was good, yet I was missing the usual development of things. Everything just sort of happened. Also, being at hogwarts for 5 years, I was expecting new things but it didn't come. I guess that happens with every series, once you know about Muggles and wizards, once you know about Quidditch, once you know about the features of the teachers it is hard to bring in something really new. But still, I was looking for the development of characters as well as new things happening in their lives. Instead he just fell in love for 10 pages and that was it.<br/><br/>Overall a good book, but will leave the reader wishing for more.
 Saw the movie before reading the book, bad mistake now but still an awesome book. Found myself skipping &amp; having to go back but all in all awesome
 The Half Blood Prince is the 6th installment in the Harry Potter series, and unfortunately, it is also the weakest. This is not to say that it is bad, however. Even a weak Harry Potter book can outshine a lot of the other stuff that's out there.<br/><br/>The plot centers around a textbook that Harry has been granted temporary use of in his Potions class. Harry finds the text filled with handwritten pieces of advice to supplement the basic content. Harry follows the text's "extra" advice dutifully and  becomes a star in his Potions class, even eclipsing Hermione, much to her distress. But soon he discovers other nuggets of handwritten information in the text: spells. Harry doesn't know what these spells will do. Are they good, are they evil? And who was the previous owner of the text who added all this stuff?<br/><br/>The premise is interesting, but Rowling gets bogged down in mundane subplots that do nothing to move the story forward. There's quite a bit of information on who's snogging who, who wants to snog who, and who snogged who in the past. Rowling could have easily subtitled this book "Sweet Valley Hogwarts" and it would have been just as apt as "Half Blood Prince", if not more so. I suppose some of this will appeal to the 12 - 17 year old crowd (this is a book targetted to children and young adults, after all), but older readers might be put off.<br/><br/>Overall, I definitely recommend this book. Despite its shortcomings, it sets things up nicely for the 7th -- and what is supposed to be the final -- book.
 I can't wait for book 7!!  It was great to revisit all the characters and the ending is spectacular!!  JK Rowling has done it again!!
 JK Rowling has continued with this lastest installment to weave a compelling story. I wondered how she would handle Harrys entry into the adult world but she did an admirable job. The romantic scenes with the female student were great if too short. The love interest of Harry is one of the most interesting characters and I hope to see more or her in the next and final book. I believe she will play a major role in helping Harry.<br/><br/>Ms.Rowling took us a a journey with Harry that was necessary in aiding him in defeating the dark lord.<br/>Ms. Rowling never fails to hold me spelbound with her prose.
 Of course the plot is amazing but it is the little things, like when Fleur says she would never leave Bill, that really make me love this book.<br/>I cried, several times.
 It doesn’t matter how many times I read this book, it is still one of my most favorites! The Harry Potter series is a classic!
 Enjoyed it. A little longer and drawn out than some of the others.
 This is for everybody that says JKR is being money hungry and all that. She has alread said she is going to do 7 books and be done. A lot of fans but, not all, are wanting at least one about Harry as an adult.<br/><br/>Ok now about the book. It is a very well writen and thought out book. You learn about the past of a couple of the people in the book. The HBP is narrowed down very quickly but never said till the end. Yes there is a death in the book that if you are a huge HP fan you will more then likely at least get teary eyed. A very good book that I would recomend to anybody.
 Rowling did it again. Her book was stupendousley written.  It was really amazing to see how Harry, Ron and Hermione have grown up.  I myself kept questioning if Snape had turned or not. If he was just playing the spy role. I did tear up at the end with who died, but I love it when an author can keep me guessing and has so much power over my own emotions.  Rowling makes you feel that you personally know the characters.  Their loss is your loss and you have to mourn as well. When I came to the last page all I wanted to know was when the next book was going to be released.  Rowling is going to make me work on something I don't have much of, patience.
 I just started reading the series.  My son read them way before I did.  I have to say that I have thoroughly enjoyed reading and listening to them.  I have got the rest of my family reading the series.  I have thoroughly enjoyed reading them all.  I hope that J.K. Rowling doesn't stop after the seventh book.
 This book is truly a great book but the only problem is in the book you can't believe some one would do a certain thing or believe something that would be best kept a secret!!! It is a great book and the only other turndown is how short it is. The fifth book was fun to read because it just kept going on and on. I thought for sure that this book would be even longer because every book the length is atleast a little bit longer. But besides those... GO OUT AND GET THIS BOOK IF YOU HAVEN'T!!! ITS SO MUCH FUN TO READ! and of course we must remember (sigh/roll eyes) that this book will be great in theaters! BUT i recommend for EVERYONE, if they haven't already read the other ones, to READ THEM! THEN go and see the movie! But of course read them even if the movie isn't out yet or out for a while! You're going to love this book! I assure you! HARRY POTTER IS THE BEST!!!<br/><br/>-THE HARRY POTTER FANATIC!!!
 I loved it!
 Whining and complaining about the books being sad. Well boo-hoo. J.K. Rowling was very honest about the type of series she was writing, and how dare anyone accuse her of being misleading. The first book starts out with Harry's parents being killed, for goodness sakes. When a book opens up with sadness, you have to expect it to be sad. It's simple logic. Every book has steadily been getting sadder, but there's no other way to write it. No one over the age of eight would care to read the stories of Happy Lappy Harry Potter's Dull Adventures at Hogwarts. You'd have tuned out by the first chapter, whether or not you will admit it.<br/><br/>But you think you can get away with complaining because it's a popular series. Popular is the key word here. It's popular because of the characters, the events, and the continuing plot. I'll admit, I cried at this book, and I cried at the 5th book. If someone else has to die in the 7th, I'll probably mourn him/her too. But I know how stories get written, and I'm not going to blame the writer because a fiction story made me sad.<br/><br/>This is a good book, and it should have to be criticised because of a reader's hurt feelings.
 This is my favorite of all the HP books
 Very great book! Great adventures and you can relate to at least one character. This is a great book for elementary students with high I.Q.'s.
 Awesome. Terrific. Cool. Mysterious. Exciting. Adventurous. Intriguing. Interesting. Great. Wonderful. Truly brilliant. Loving. Mind-blowing. Thrilling. Masterpiece. J. K Rowling has out done herself. Sad. Revealing. Dangerous. Cliff hanger
 I love love love Harry Potter!!!! I read it to my 15month old for nap times he loves it as well
 I'd like to sit here and list things I love about this book, but I would hate to spoil it for anyone. However, if you're a Harry Potter fan, know that you won't be disappointed with this book. It was well worth the wait, I only hope we don't have to wait as long for the next one.<br/><br/>The ending isn't as tidy and happy as the other books, but it is definitely building up to a climactic final book.
 Love all of these books! This one is great and gives you more depth than the film. Read them all!!!
 H.P &amp; Half Blood Prince was certainly not bad plot-wise; I found that it had enough clever little twists and turns to keep me interested until the end, but the mood was once again more morose like fifth, rather than sparkling and innocent like the earlier ones.<br/><br/>And even though it's only to be expected that Harry and Ron and Hermione will change as they become teens and finally adults, I feel they have lost some of their previous charm. We've known all along that Harry is the 'chosen one'. And I never doubted it. But when Dumbledore (who I think was one best characters in this book) lists all of Harry's great qualities, I find myself not as convinced as I was with the 11-year-old Harry in the Sorcerer's Stone. The same goes for Hermoine and Ron--and of course they all have their amusing moments in the book, I'm not trying to say that everyone is suddenly terrible--but they are a little less clever, and a little less funny, and it seems as though it's just being taken for granted that you should like the characters because you've probably read all the other books, and have been deeply attatched to each and every one of them for years.
 Everything seemed to be going well, on par with as many as his last narrow escapes would lead you to believe.....except for one large problem!  A large plot twist that will leave your jaw hanging and you flipping at a furious pace to see how they will pull it out and have things return to normal.....except it never does.  Never does the future seem so bleak for everyone (and I mean everyone) than now.....surprise endings and pronouncements from "the chosen one" have me wanting to know more than ever the culmination to this fantastic series.<br/><br/>Sorry to be so vague, but it is merely 24 hours after the release and I am already done.....and not wanting to spoil it just yet for the rest.  Feel free to email if you like or post in response.
 J. K. Rowling's style of writing has compleately changed with this book. From the first chapter itself titled 'The Other Minister' we notice the difference in her style of writing. From the 1st chapter to the last chapter titled 'The White Tomb' the readers get captivated and engrossed with the situations of the book. Not only has her style of writing matured but it is also very unpredectible.She carries off the plot very well and the book ends in a sympathising note. Though I loved this book I would not recommend it for children under 13 because of some of the smooching content. I wanted to praise J. K Rowling for the ide of 'Hocruxes' as I thought it was an excellent idea and the most interesting part of the book.
 All Harry Potter is perfection
 Got them all, what more can I say.
 A great series...now I understand what our children see in this set of stories
 This book is absolutely incredible, extremely well written and I loved every second of it.  However, this is not her best book, it is an important segway to the final book, but there is something missing.  After reading this book, I am starting to lose faith in Harry because his actions are not as I should have hoped.  The ending was dreadful.  I certainly despised the ending, but not because of the death of Dumbledore, although that certainly ruined things...  It was J.K. Rowling's Hollywood "Spiderman-esque" ending that truly disgusted me.  Harry dumps Ginny because he has to stand alone and he doesn't want the enemy going after the ones he loved, but it could have been better and I found myself more than just a little annoyed with this book.  Don't get me wrong though, it is a worthwhile read, but it really isn't her best work.  I give it a solid 4 stars, well done J.K. as always, but it didn't quite live up to the others.
 Always great read! No matter how many times I read these books I can not stop crying in the last couple of chapters of this one! Go figure!!
 I've read the series numerous times and it never grows old.  This book sets the stage for the final book of the greatest series of my time!
 No matter how many times I read this, I still laugh, and cry. These are the best books ever. They never get old and the adventures are always fun.
 Having waited the long two years between the books, I stayed up until 7 a.m. to read as much as I could before falling asleep. I finished the book just over an hour ago after taking a "nap". This book is all that could be expected and more. J.K. Rowling has really outdone herself with the 6th installment and has proved that patience on the reader's part will be greatly rewarded. Harry is all grown up in this book, as have all of the other main characters. The second chapter is incredibly intense...and it only gets better from there. This book is definitely darker than the last ones, and it should be. What happens in this book, while not unexpected, is certainly shocking.
 This is a Great, Thrilling story continuation in the Harry Potter series. SPOILER ALERT: It was soooi sad when Dumbledore died. This book reminds me of why I even started reading this Contagiously, Thrilling and Suspenseful Series that I have grown so close to, the character's were almost like Family or a part of me!  YOU ROCK J.K. ROWLING!!!  :)
 Book six is a great read - continuing JKR's engaging, entertaining, and original concept of Harry Potter's world.<br/><br/>As our favorite characters grow up, though, the story becomes much darker. With the progression of the series, there are fewer lighthearted parts, and more heavily dramatic ones.<br/><br/>A natural progression, perhaps, but this series definitely stopped being "for kids" somewhere along the way.<br/><br/>As a side note - I was incredily relieved to find that the  argumentative disposition that Harry (as well as other characters) developed in book 5 did not carry over to HBP. That was WAY overdone in OOtheP, and if I had to choose the very best thing about this one - that point would be it.<br/><br/>I would highly recommend this latest installment - and am left, as millions of others, eagerly awaiting book 7 (and am fearful that soon - we will have to say Good-bye to our favorite young wizard forever).
 The entire series is amazing. Every book is better then the last. I just cannot put it down.
 This book is not the best of the series in my opinion, but it is very good in its own right. I liked the Goblet of Fire the best. This one is the saddest, by far. I will always enjoy anything that has to do with Harry Potter. I like the matured story lines now that the kids are growing up. I feel for Harry and that is exactly what you are meant to do. J.K. sucessfullly weaves a story of evil, woe, action, love, loss and true friendship. A very great read! Well worth buying the hard cover!
 This series is one of the beet series of books I have ever read. Keeps you wanting more just like the Green Mile did in it's time!
 Well here is another big hit from J.K. Rowling. This book continues the trend of the series getting darker and more sinister ( especially with who gets killed, I won't say more on that topic exept for that it is very sad). Although it is good it dosent have that much in it ( It should be about 400 pages longer), many things are going on and aren't that well explained. Anyway, now that I'm done with my opinions, here's a summary. Fudge is replaced by an Auror as  minister of magic that resembles a lion. Harry spots Malfoy doing something suspicious in Borgin and Burkes. The year starts out badly for Harry ( Well, somewhat badly.). Meanwhile a new potions teacher is hired, H.S. (That's right POTIONS teacher). Guess who's doing Defense against the dark arts now. So then Harry can take potions class, in which he recieves help from the mysterious and slightly shady character of the haf-blood prince. I think that's about enough secrets. All in all it's a wonderful book ( so good that I read it in under 12 hours with breaks). There many twists and turns ( And plenty of romance.), a dim-witted replacement keeper, a death of a beloved creature (Or not beloved to some), and many other interesting details and exploits.<br/><br/>  SINCERELY,<br/><br/>  A.P.W.B.D.(Alias)
 You'll needed to try it l loved the book. Thanks again<br/>Love,<br/>Patty  Thilman
 The book was definately less eventful than the previous books, but it still was good.  It seemed to be a transitional period from book five to book seven.  Also, the events seemed rushed and like they were just there to say something, and then gone.  Like, Dobby and Kreacher only reported to Harry once and boom, he got his information.  Speaking of these two house elves - they keep repeating the point that you can't apparate or disapparate on Hogwarts grounds, but, Dobby and Kreacher apparate and disapparate!!!!  Ron even says he wishes he could disapparate like a house elf.  So why, if you can't apparate or disapparate on Hogwarts grounds, can Dobby and Kreacher!!!  That confused me a lot, if you have any thoughts, let me know!
 JK does it again! This book had me laughing, cheering, angry and crying with Harry and the rest of the gang. A great read!
 Harry Potter is my favorite book of all time
 Reviewers, some I know and respect, believe book 6 to be the weakest among the series due to becoming a bore as trudged onward through 600+ pages.  However, I have found the book to be an excellent subtle character study.<br/><br/>Before book 5, Harry Potter's famous loss was a reality he had to come to and understand, whereas the loss endured in "Order of the Pheonix' was taken away at a time where he was becoming dependent upon the relationship.  'The Half-Blood Prince' delves into the maturation of our hero, as well as the momentary immaturities of all adolescence, predominantly when dealing with romantic themes.<br/><br/>It's difficult to write too much without revealing key plotlines and spoilers, so I'll just simply state that through-and-through, the Harry Potter series continues to be one of the most rewarding reading pleasures I've ever encountered.
 The entire series is fantastic.
 This is definitely one of the best books in the series so far. I can't wait until the next book.
 Excellent, better than the Order of the Phoenix (which I didn't like). It rates up there with the Goblet of Fire as one of the more 'exciting' novels in the series. J.K Rowling further develops the characters and takes them a higher level - they are young adolescents. Lots of surpises. The real sides of characters come into light - allies or enemies. New characters are introduced. Harry and his friends encounter love trouble - Harry finds his second 'crush' and what a surprise the object of his affections is! JK Rowling has sculpted this character beautifully without letting everything run too smoothy - Harry doesn't always gets his way and thus feels a lot of frustration when things don't quite go the way he wants and his opinions aren't being listened too. This time, Harry's friends are more skeptical of his suspicions and this is a great source of frustration as Harry is made out to be obsessed. Dumbledore and Harry's r/ship becomes closer as Dumbledore imparts his knowledge and all that he can about the Prophecy. JK Rowling has also opened up a whole new path for Harry and his friends at the end of the book - it certainly won't be repetitious material we will read in future editions. It is likely the series will have 4 more to come for all those Potter fans. An enjoyable read with much to keep you entertained.
 Every book takes you on an incredible journey; this one being no exception! Half-Blood Prince is delightful and devastating, leaving you yearning (and mourning) for the final book.
 Well, there is definitely bad news at Hogwarts and poor old Harry cannot catch a break. Slow starting but picks up after halfway mark. Lots of sad stuff in this one....
 In reading some of the negative reviews, I noticed that many who did not think much of this installment misunderstood (IMO) the intentions of JKR. I will address the points raised by one reviewer in particular (Devoted Bookworm).<br/><br/>1) All of JKR's characters are multi-faceted, none is entirely evil nor entirely saintly (except perhaps Voldemort being entirely evil). Fleur Delacour is both self-important and immature, as well as possessing more depth than we initially give her credit for. Notice that although she still wanted to marry the disfigured Bill (kudos to her), her reasons for this are self-important (Bill still loves me, I am good-looking enough for both of us, it just shows my husband is brave)<br/><br/>2) Mrs. Weasley and her family did not like Fleur for most of the book because until Bill's disfigurement, she did present herself as nothing but a shallow arrogant wench.<br/><br/>3) Draco Malfoy -- again, a multi-faceted character. The fact that he was driven to tears, crying to Moaning Myrtle of all beings, shows how committing truly evil deeds (and not mere schoolyard bullying) is difficult for him, not to mention that his and his mother's lives depend on his succeeding. And that he cried to Myrtle, instead of his human friends, underscores how isolated and desparate he was.<br/><br/>4) The prophecy was NEVER meant to be "the defining fact of Harry's life." One of the most crucial themes of this series is personal choice, as well the the influential role one's choices plays in shaping the course of life events. Don't worry, Harry did not understand that fully at first, either.<br/><br/>5) There is more to Snape's choices/actions than meets the eye. IMO, Snape may be the most courageous and loyal member of the Order. Just wait and see in Book 7.<br/><br/>For all these reasons, I believe that JKR has her usual twists in store for us in Book 7. I love how her characters are not one-sided (even Dumbledore admits to making huge errors), and I love how she addresses real-life existential issues. The whole deal with the prophecy and what it really means (or more importantly what it does not mean) is simply brilliant.
 Amazing book. A lot more happened than what is shown in the movie.
 I heard there might be an 8th book - I hope so!!!
 Personally, I loved this book.  I stayed up all night reading it.  My husband was going to work when I was going to bed.  I found nothing disappointing in either the plot or the character devolopment.  I mean, did you really expect Harry to live the same carefree life that he's been living in the past five books?  If you found out that you were the only one who could stop Voldemort would you be concerned about quidditch, or house championships?  Be realistic.  Harry and the gang are growing up, I think the readers should be able to handle it without being disappointed.  FYI, Harry and Ginny do hook up, and if you reread over the previous books this should not come as a surprise.  Context clues.  I'm just wondering if Ron and Hermione will ever become an item.  Guess we'll just have to wait for the next book.
 Excellent book! I read this quite a while ago, and have re-read some of this series. All were very enjoyable
 I chose this rating because I am a fan of Harry potter +I look like him 👦 I recommend this book too many sane person alive
 Great book! Love this book and every book in the series. I am hooked beyond any measures to this goon.
 Love them all. This book is great. Some violence. Wouldn’t recommend for children 10 and below.  Especially the movie. But great book!! 😄
 This series just gets better. I found it hard to put this, one down. It was well paced and I found myself laughing out loud<br/>at some parts. If you are a fan of the series, you will not be disappointed.
 This book was just amazing and you should definitely read it. Now don't go look at more reviews! Just go up a buy it. You won't regret it. But only if you've read the others. Enjoy🍋
 Never thought I would read this series. Broke down to read it with my sons. Loved it as much or more than they did!  Fantastically written.
 Amazing. So many emotions wrapped in this book. Didn't want to put it down and I can't wait to read the next one.
 at first i felt a little disappointed with this one, but when it grew on me it really grew on me and now it is my favorite of the series. the second chapter, "spinner's end" is probably the best chapter of any of the HP books. It gave me goosebumps. And the final dramatic crescendo of the book, well, let's just say it was intense. we also gets lots of information in this book that HP fans have been wondering about for a long time, as well as a little romance, some interesting new characters, and loads of mysterious clues as to what will happen in the 7th and final book. defintitely the best book to be released this summer.
 This book is just as good as all the others.  Very readable.  Flows nicely.  Hard to put down.
 This was one of the best books ever written. It was very in depth and gave me all the details. I cannot wait to read the next one!
 This may be an "in-the-moment" sort of assertion, but Book 6 is the best book of the series so far. While lacking the extent of the child-like wonderment of the first two books, the fast-paced action of the third and fourth books, and the dark, forboding tone of the fifth book, Book 6 is as compelling a page-turner as the other books of the series as it delves much more deeply into the psychological aspects of the plot; in particular the dark childhood and adolescence preceeding a certain wizard's transformation into the Dark Lord. There is a definite sense of maturation, both in Harry and the series. Harry Potter is no longer a children's book. This is not to say, however, that there isn't enough action to keep even the most casual reader happy. There are enough twists and turns to keep you guessing and a cliffhanger ending that, unlike the previous books, leaves you with no idea of what will happen next - making it all the more difficult and depressing to wait for the final installment of the series.
 great book, had a hard time closing my kindle ran my battery down reading. want to read the last book as soon as I can
 Snape kills dumbledore...
 If you prefer the first two Harry Potter books to the last three, you'll be pleasantly surprized.  Books 4 &amp; 5 were a little too wordy with not as much action as 1 &amp; 2.  This book has more action and helps you better understand some events from earlier books.  This book continues the authors trend toward darker and more advanced topics; she discusses the students snogging (making out) and other typical adolesent doings.  It might not be an appropriate read for younger children.  Following comment is a spoiler - don't continue reading if you don't want to know.  HP VI explains how Tom Riddle was able to animate his diary and the snake in Order of the Phoenix by placing a part of his soul in them.
 Though I had a strong inkling as to who would die in this book I was suprised (and a little flabbergasted) as to who does the killing.  Bet no one can guess.....<br/><br/>Anyway the book was fantastic!  Very dark and I was pleasantly surprised with Harry's love interest.  I already have many STRONG theories as to what may happen in the seventh book and about the certain someone who kills a certain someone..... (vague enough?)  Can't wait till the next one.  Once again J.K.Rowlin manages to astound her readers by making seemingly unimportant information in previous books profoundlt important in future books....leaving the reader to bang his/her head repeatedly against the wall.  I love it!
 Well written. A page turner. Great story.
 So good so good so good so good so good so good so good so v<br/>Good. so Very good!!!!!
 Aaaggggghhhhhhhhhhh did not expect this to happen and I can’t wait to read the next one. Such a great series.
 5 stars. The author does a great job of introducing the great power and evil of Lord Voltaire. The complexities of the final battles are coming into focus. JKR does a magnificent job of ensnaring the reader in the imaginary world of wizards and the upcoming titanic battle.
 Stupid book. Makes me cry like a baby. One of my favorites. Love it. Says I Have to fill up the box.
 This book was to me, a huge fan of the series, a big letdown. First we have the death of Dumbledore. Not only is this not necessary but the way he dies is completely out of character for him. Yes, let us heap more misery on Harry who never gets a break. Secondly, after 5 stories that have Harry figuring out what people are up to we once again are treated to his friends not believing him. Just once could his supposed 'friends' trust him after all these years? Last but not least all of you need not worry about the next book being the last. If Harry, Ron and Hermione do not attend Hogwarts for their last year then this leaves open the possibility of the adventures going on forever.
 I have been anticipating reading this book since I finished book 5 two years ago.  And I was not dissapointed. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is an impressive installment in the series.  Prior to reading this one, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban was my favorite book but I have had to change my tune. It is a great book with plot twists and mysteries that will not allow you to put the book down. I have to say that the book both made me laugh out loud and also cry at parts.<br/><br/>Many of the things that I had hoped for happened in this book, though there are still plenty of plot lines to be wrapped up and fully explained in book 7. As soon as I closed book 6 a familiar feeling took over: the want to read book 7 right then and there. Then I realized something, this is the last time I will have that feeling.  Book 7 is the last book in the series and it has been magnificiently set up by the Half-Blood Prince. I cannot wait for the next book but I will also be very sad when I have closed book 7, for I think that the feeling of finishing a good book is one of the best and worst in the world and I think that finishing such a series will have the same feeling multiplied exponentially.<br/><br/>My advice? Read the book and do it several times, as I plan to d, so as not to miss any details.
 The millions of JK Rowling readers are not deluded - the book is one of the rare examples of excellent fiction that are currently available. Like many great books, it does take a few hundred pages to get used to JK Rowling and her style and subject, but by then you are hooked with her story and characters.
 I liked every bit!! I chose this rating because this book is really good! With all the fantasy and drama, it's all great!
 Essential backstory plus heartbreaking departure = great springboard for riveting climax
 As noted by many reviewers, "The Half Blood Prince" fails as a literary work but succeeds as transitional material or as a prequel to the 7th Harry Potter book. There is no plot. Frankly, without the other books in the series it cannot stand alone, has no merit whatsoever as an individual work.<br/><br/>To its credit, there is some interesting information concerning Voldemort's past, but this was often long-winded and could have been severely condensed.<br/><br/>The romance was irrelevant and unnecessary. Yes, they're 16 and "in love," but this does not have to take up half the book. Also, I could care less about Tonks and her relationship blues.<br/><br/>There were far too many clichés in this book; the one-sidedness is getting annoying (all Slytherines are deceitful, all Gryffindors rule, etc). The interesting characters (Neville and Luna) have been pushed into the background for mundane, clichéd Slughorn and Ginny's many lovers.<br/><br/>Cliché death; I cannot re-read the book without grimacing.
 Every time I read this book I discover new things I missed before.  Really enjoyable book in a great series of books
 Well as every Harry Potter book it starts out with a bang, but then on page 100 or something you feel like you want to kill yourself of boredom. But listen to me don't stop reading!!!!!!! Because if you do you are missing out on SOOOOOO much. Like Dumbledore once said,  “Harry, it will be your job to make sure I keep drinking, even if you have to tip the potion into my protesting mouth. You understand?“
 This was an awesome book. However, I would say the last 4 books in this series was much better. I was very dissappointed with the 5th book, but this was much better than the 5th but it was not up to my expectations. The opening scene had me wondering what is in store, but then there was hardly any action through out the book. Harry hardly does what he normally does when he has a mystery to solve. But I wouldn't put the book down just yet. Besides those dissappointments there are things that made me enjoy the book. First it just takes you out of your world. Second, you get to learn a lot oabout the boy who became known as "you know who" In other words VOLDEMORT! Third, in the end you will be in tears. Someone very cose to Harry will die in a great betrayl!!!!!!!!!!!!! That's all I will say. This is a great book. The positive points out weight the negative points of this book. Hope this was helpful.<br/><br/>Was this help ful? let me know.
 The penultimate book in the Harry Potter series is easily near the top of the heap.  The novel involves Harry searching through Lord Voldemort's past in an effort to attempt to defeat him.  The book may be the most crucial in the series, as it sets things up nicely for the finale.  Rowling's writing has evolved to be more dark, like the stories themselves, but there are still some lighthearted moments to be found.
 So many twists and turns.  Many questions answered. Ms. Rowling is a master of the unexpected leading the readers forward with baited breath.
 Way better than the movie and enjoyed it more than I thought as an adult.
 The latest and second-to-last installment in the Harry Potter Series is a good one.<br/><br/>The book seems confusing in the beginning, with new names, characters, and situations, but quickly gets back in the classic Harry Potter milieu. J.K. Rowling works her magic of words again, spinning a tale with as much depth as you'd like to perceive.<br/><br/>This is an excellent read, and one of my favorites in the series.
 Another great book in the Harry Potter series.
 It gets better every time I read it ⚡️
 This is seriously the 6th time I've read this series all the way through. Every time I read one of J.K.'s books I get something new out of it. These books are so incredible, nobody can tell a story like she can.
 This was a great book. A little slow to start off but the ending was fantastic- can't wait to read on and finish the series!
 :Have enjoyed the multiple layered plotlines and increasingly complex twists and turns in Mrs. Rowling 's books.  What started as a children's story matured into a classic adult Good vs. Evil series. Wish she would write a prequel for the first battle between the Death Eaters &amp; the Order of the Phoenix forces.
 My favorite of the first six books. Intriguing plot, fast paced, and a pleasure to read.
 This is my favorite book in the series. Things all start to make sense, well, most things. I have read this book four times and will continue to reread all of them each summer.
 My favorite of the series!
 I have literally just finished reading the book. I thourghouly enjoyed the book,but failed to relaize while reading it that this book was literally just setting you up for the seventh book. Hogwarts will definately be open at the end of the book in which time harry will have, with the help of friends, have destroyed the horcruxes and at the end finally face his destiny. You know the story is great and that you are reading a fgreat book when you almost certainly know the plot and still be emersed enought to sit down for hours straight reading the entriguing novel. The way J.K writes is amazing and i will never unerstand how she comes up with this but i simply love the books. I am ging this book 4 out of 5 because i loved the book even thought it was just a set up book for the finnaly book. I will be thoroghtly disappointed if the last book does not wow and amaze everyone who reads it. I plan on goin out at 12:00 to wally world and purcahsing the book again. Thanks for actually reading this!!
 I've enjoyed all of the Potter books so far. This one was just as good as the others. The ending was a little depressing and was very upset by it but I feel it was part of Rowling's plan so I have dealt with it. Can't wait for the next one!!!
 This year is unlike any Harry has seen yet. An obivous foe has a (seemingly) very important task from a very important person. There is a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher that is definately unlike any before him/her. There is plenty of teen angst to go around for the whole trio. Hormones are a-blazin.<br/><br/>But these things aren't nearly as important as the task set before Harry by none other than Albus Dumbledore. Harry learns a lot this year. He gets answers to many many questions. And he must deal with the Prophecy repeated to him at the end of book 5.<br/><br/>This book is darker than any of the 5 before it. A war has been waged. How many casualties will there be? Who will these casualties be? Many of the answers will leave your mouth hanging open.<br/><br/>Enjoy...
 How you you not just get sucked into this story. It is a fun read and keeps me on my toes when I know what comes next. Always
 This book is amazingly good. I most of the Harry Potter books, but this one especially. At the end, I was so mad at Snape I just felt like jumping into the book and performing a curse on. I felt bad for Malfoy because his life has been torn apart by Voldemort. One thing I really liked about it was how you got to look into Voldemort's past, before he turned himself into a monster, when he was still just Tom Riddle. That made it more fun to read. It was very emotional at the end of the book when Dumbledore dies.
 I always tell myself I'm not an avid fan of Harry Potter. This statement is always belied by the fact that as soon as I get a new installment in the series, I read it within one night, a very unhealthly habit, I know. (This phenomenon includes the fifth book, which had over 800 pages. And I really don't say this to brag. I say it to demonstrate the dangerous power these books have over me, quite against my will, I assure you.)<br/><br/>But that aside, I thought this book was the best yet--till I hit the end. Eek! I cried from the point of the murder to the last page, and then it took me about fifteen minutes to collect myself. Having locked myself in my room to avoid interuption, I emerged shakily, and was immediately asked by my sister how the book was. Couldn't answer--I was overwhelmed by tears again. Understand, this is probably the fifth time I've ever cried in my fifteen years. It's just something I don't do that often.<br/><br/>So though this book was superbly written, as always, (and note, I still gave it five stars), I have really mixed feelings about it. I loved it, but I hated it, too, and believe me, as you probably know, this is not a comfortable position.<br/><br/>Anyway, I shan't give a summary of the book because every other review has it and it should be easy to find. Either way, those are my feelings on Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
 All of the Harry Potter books are great. You will not be disappointed with this one. Enjoyed it from cover to cover.
 Okay
 I read through the book hoping it would get better every time I turned the page, but after 200 page turns I was still feeling ket down. Then WHAM. I got smaked in the face by what I thought was a horible betrail by JK and a certian Hogwarts teacher. I was completely unpleased by this book until I started reeding postings on the mugglenet website. These kids are so smart. They figured out so much of the hidden plot I feel like I must read the book again.<br/><br/>I did however feel like the writing in this book was out of sorts. JK wasn't on her usual game. No good details, not much exitment and too much "Snogging". I'm glad people are getting together, but it seemed way too played out. Draco is the only one with any excitment in the first 450 pages and we only see that through Harry's view point.<br/><br/>Overall this book is ok and let's face it, ithas to be read to get you to the last book. I do think the plot hints at the end of the book that were pointed out by the postings help me enjoy the book so if you finish and need some clarification such surf the net and you'll find it. *Hint* People's actual words mean a lot. The narration (Harry's thoughts) may throw you off. Just listen to the words. (excpecially Dumbledore's)
 This book just doesn't flow the way it's predecessors did. Harry's character is still developing as he is an older teenager on the brink of becoming your typical epic hero. Making mistakes and the accepting the consequences. The main question is finally answered... How does Voldemort keep coming back and how deep does his rabbit hole go? There were 2 extremely funny parts, one involving Fred's bottom.<br/>Yet again there is a tremedous blow to Harry character emotionally. Testing his will. This makes reading the end of the book miserable. It's too bad that last book isn't out, it would have made it easier to keep reading.<br/>Rowling has set the stage well for the last installment but she will sure have a lot to pack in. Worth reading.
 This book has everything you could ask for. Sorrow, joy, suspense, action, mystery. The best book yet in the series. One more to go for me.
 This is where it all begins and ends, one of my favorite books out of the whole series. Though it always makes me cry in the end.
 Read this book like ten years ago when I was like 13, I remember waiting for it as it was sold in Guatemala. But there were so many details I needed to review, so I decided to reread and absolutely enjoyed the experience.
 I did purdystuff gmail account and the other side of a seventh 2 years ago and it was the wife,<br/>Mia
 What can you add to a Harry Potter review? Rowling tells a great page-turner.
 As an avid reader who considers myself to be rather well read, I would highly recommend the entire Harry Potter book series to anyone ages 12 or higher whether they have seen the movies or not.  Those who have seen the movies will appreciate learning the in-depth elements of the story that the films don't have as much time to get into.  Those who have not seen the movies will still find themselves drawn into the amazing fantasy world that JK Rowling has brilliantly created.  I truly believe that this book series will go down in history as one of the world's great literary achievements.  Once you start these books you can't put them down, and I simply can't wait for book #7!!!
 This book is amazing and full of excitement and surprises. It totally redeems the last book and keeps your attention the whole time. Iread it straight through on the first day it came out and I am about to read it a second time to get more of the details that I might have missed. it has been well worth the wait and those who have not read it need to read it fast because the secret of the ending will leak fast.
 I rated it this because of everything have said above. I really don't know how anyone could rate this any different!
 Really good/sad book. I love all of the Harry Potter series and this is one of the best.
 Throughout the Harry Potter series we have had to deal with the triumphs of the good and the demise of the bad. And when we saw it once again in Order of the Pheonix (Book 5) it seemed that this book would also follow the same tone. But that wasn't the case as we saw Voldemort "winning" in this book. The book was really well written, though slow moving from the start, it became poignant by the end. I would definitely give this a 5 star rating. IT WAS WELL WORTH THE WAIT and it just leaves you wanting more. I'm not a fan of the dark arts, but I believe Rowling really did it right in this book. We found out so many secrets from the dark sect it really deserves credit. Great Book! Even Better Ending!
 Loved it better than the movie.
 Great book. I love the whole series. A must read for all the family
 SPOILER ALERT! She killed Dumbledore! I'm both mad and sad.
 This is another great read, but very sad.!
 I liked the book very much because It had lots of drama, action, and suspense. The things I liked most about thr book was when they were getting the backgound information of Lord Voldemort. And now we know that he never had any real friends and that he has four horscruxes left. The only thing I didnt like was the fact that Dumbledore died and that Harry,Ron,and Hermione are beganing to seperate because of Lord Voldemort and that Harry has to hunt Lord Voldemort and Snape.
 First let me say I am the mother of an 11 year old and he *won't* read this, and he loves to read. It's too long and I asked him to read a couple of the words that I had to look up and he just looked at me funny, unable to do so (non-magic words, btw). Our supposed "hero" sets himself as less than a role model in this book as well. Because of this, I do not feel this is a children's book.<br/><br/>Next, my son grows. As he grows his looks and language have changed. JK seems to have missed this point with the kids in the book. Lust is her spring board for growth. This is not to mention the fact that in book 3 the kids were doing more advanced magic than now. It is very similar to sending a secondary schooler to classes to learn how to add. It felt as if JK is taken the intelligence of her readers for granted, or was hoping they hadn't read the previous books.<br/><br/>There is also a blatant copy of the Lych characters for all you D&amp;D fans.<br/><br/>This book is nothing more than a long, drawn out bridge to number 7 lacking in innovation and imagination. It does not stand alone like the previous books. I really enjoyed the first 5 books tremendously, but this one simply lacks heart and drive. JK's grasp of foreshadowing techique in this book is weak, and as such, the entire book can be plotted and guessed within the first couple chapters. Character developement is merely a repeat of previous books. Because of this it ends up being 652 pages of idle prattle that, unlike the previous HP books, I found easy to put down and walk away from when I needed to.<br/><br/>If you must have this book, don't pay full price, or wait for the paperback edition.
 definitely one of my favorite Harry Potter books.
 Last night, July 16, 2005, starteed off as a fairly typical summer evening.  Before my husband and I turned in, I went to check on the progeny.  I headed for the youngest son's bedroom.  Empty.  I stopped, listened, and heard no sound of our 11 year old romping with the family pet, nor did I detect the ubiquitous sound of the TV in the downstairs family room.  All was quiet.  I tiptoed upstairs.  The Game Room, I thought!  That's where they'll be!  Playing, I imagined, horrendous games rated "M" or worse.  But no.  Idle joysticks greeted me in the unnaturally quiet 8 x 8 cell that constitutes their game room.  To the oldest on's room next.  I knocked cautiously on the door before slowly entering.  It was empty, save for the mounds of unwashed clothes and empty Gatorade and Stridex bottles.  All was quiet.  Too quiet.<br/><br/>I was baffled.  The last place to check was the middle son's room.  Because he had just returned from three weeks at camp, his was the only clean room in the house.  I was able to dust, wash, and disinfect during his absence. I knocked tentatively on the door and reached for the knob.  Locked.  Ah hah! I thought.  I've got them now!  "Boys, let me in," I demanded.  Slowly, footsteps approached the locked door.  It swung open to reveal a sight I never thought I'd see...my three sons sprawled in varying positions (on the bed, in a chair, on the floor) reading.<br/><br/>So I kissed them all, said my prayers (God bless Harry Potter), and went to sleep.<br/><br/>The End.
 Once again, Ms. Rowling has given us a wonderful book that exceeds expectations, grows and changes along with the characters, introduces new themes, poses numerous questions... and leaves us hungry for the next (and final) installment.<br/><br/>I got my copy at a midnight book release party after months of anticipation and finished (in tears) less than three days later. Now I regret reading it so quickly, but at the time I just couldn't wait.<br/><br/>Buy HBP. Read all of them, and then read HBP.
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince was definitely different from the other 5 books in many ways including:<br/><br/>1. The characters are now teenagers dealing with teenage issues<br/><br/>2. readers learned more about He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, his childhood, his stay at Hogwarts, his motivations, how he has managed to "regenerate" himself etc...<br/><br/>One of my favorite characters died. That, along with who killed him was a disappointment (although somehow I always knew that the killer was not trust-worthy).  I can see how this death was almost necessary in order for Harry to pass from a "child" to an "adult" though.<br/><br/>Cannot wait for book 7 to come out!
 I love this book! Its very slow at the beggining i guess, but it gets good. This is not a waste of paper! I find it hard to believe that someone spent time writting a review on how this is a waste of paper. The people these days! Its not only just a kids book as well. I cant wait for the next book lol ill be a senior in hs by the time that comes out. Very sad, very action-y, and very entertaining! Read it,,,,now!
 J.K. doesn't disappoint.
 Excellent story. Great build up the the final story.
 Another great book in the series!
 Magic!  A great story on it's own. But if you have read all the previous books in this series, this answers a lot of questions about Voldemort ( the villan). All in all, a story about three friends, and their adventures during a school year. Bring lots of smiles, and a few tears...
 Is a great series. I enjoyed this book very much. I can't wait to read the next one. Hard to put down once start reading.
 Any body else think that maybe Dumbledore wasn't "himself"<br/><br/>Maybe we will find out more on why he seemed so meek this time around. I don't know if I was reading him wrong, but he seemed not himself this book.<br/><br/>There were slow parts of the book I cried through the last 100 pages, but I did think the person who died was an option. I had in narrowed down to two and guessed correctly almost immediately.<br/><br/>And to those of you who have ruined it in your reviews: SHAME ON YOU!
 Wow, some people really need to get over themselves and learn to just read a book and enjoy it. So #6 is pretty intense by the end. For sure it is as realistic as possible for what teenagers real lives are like. The "war" going on is a constantly interesting part of the book. There are many important revelations made, and in the end there are two HUGE incidents, the death one already mentioned and the other not so much, that are kind of major points since they have been building for all 6 books.<br/><br/>Reall, this book has done one thing for the whole series: It has set up Book 7 as either being the most epic climax and book in the series, a book that will complete the series to make it last forever, or it will cause book 7 to absolutely suck and be a huge let down. But obviously this wont happen, since Rowling pulled of the first 6, each one getting harder, and 7 should be no different.
 The only reason I'm not giving this book the big "5 stars" is b/c I'm saving that one last star for the last (and best!?) chapter of Harry Potter!  And after reading "Half Blood Prince" I have every faith in J.K. that the finale will be just as (and more!) entertaining, engrossing and amazing as the previous six have been.  I completely love what she's done with the characters, where she's taken the story and how she's brought us along w/her anticipating every step!  The woman knows how to write and she knows how to draw you into the lives of each and every wonderful character she's created along her own journey as one of the world's finest storytellers.
 I love Harry Potter. And I love how J.K. Rowling lets you think you know what's going on and how it will all play out before she throws a curve ball at you, like she did at the end of this book. For those who think Harry Potter books are just for kids, think again. There is something for everyone in all of her books, with this one leaving the others in the dust.
 Is there really anything to say here? I'm over 50 years old and i enjoyed all the books. Finished them all in about 7 weeks. Lord of the rings the hobbit, Harry potter it all pretty good stuff.
 I am more deeply involved in this series than I ever thought I'd be!  Ms Rowlings writes a captivating tale with characters I can really love -- or hate!
 Having finished the book the day it came out I am quite excited to write this review. I thought the book was magnificent with a feww shocking surprises. Characters change greatly over time as I have learned reading this book. Personally one of my favorite character undergoes a change for the worst. I do admit though that this book possibly lacked the emotion I was looking for in one particular scene but I got over that quickly. I find that the last battle in this book might have a hidden meaning so pay close attention to it. Over all the only real disappointment from this book is having to wait another year for the final book to come out.
 Great read, hard to put down even though it's the second time reading it!
 I have read all of  Harry Potter books several times.  This book Is very sad since one of the main characters dies. Harry, in the last of the series, has very few friends left!
 I have been a dedicated Harry Potter fan from the beginning, even defending it against people who would comment that from the very beginning it was too dangerous and dark for children. Book 6 is a page-turner (I couldn't put it down literally), but it left me feeling very let down and disappointed.<br/><br/>It's not that I'm one of those people who can't deal with death and needs happy-happy endings all the time either. I felt the first five books dealt with death realistically, even responsibly alluding to the pain, multiple emotions, and effect death causes. Yet in book 6, Rowling goes too far in torturing her main character with death and in disappointing her readers (many of which are quite young). It's evident in Book 6 that Harry's character incorporated some growth as a result of the death experience from Book 5. Yet Book 6 is also making the mistake of other book and TV series that thought overkill was needed to make their point.<br/><br/>Harry still needs quite a lot of help with his wizarding skill. Is Rowling honestly attempting to lead us to believe (with only one book remaining) that Harry, still a junior wizard, ill-equipped at best as displayed in book 6 (although his skills are improving), stands even a vague chance of killing a death eater- let alone Voldemort himself, when she's killing off his wizarding support? Book 6 makes me feel that it's very possible for her to kill off Harry in book 7 (which I'm sure she wants to leave us with this degree of uncertainty, feeling anything can happen next, but she's gone too far).<br/><br/>It's sad but after reading book 6, I was so let down that I felt as though Rowling created this very intriguing world, full of its own ups and downs, with so much potential yet is using her great talent of drawing readers in young and old with no further goal then to unnecessarily traumatize them. As clever and creative as she is, she could get to the end that she wanted without the excess of shoving death down our throats. Maybe in the end the critics were right.
 This book was the hardest of all to finish because of the sad ending. Still a good one though. Long live Dumbledore! :)
 WARNING: spoilers are in this review<br/><br/>  J. K. Rowling has written another fantastic Harry Potter book, the sixth in a series of seven called, Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. Far from a disappointment, this book keeps the story of Harry potter alive and more than fascinating. There is plenty of mystery, excitement, and adventure. The Half Blood Prince is a compelling page turner that keeps you literally on the edge of your seat. However, more importantly the Half Blood Prince offers great literary and moral value for readers of all ages.<br/><br/> Literary value may be found in the Half Blood Prince in many forms.  The Half Blood Prince offers an excellent, well-written storyline or plot that fits with the other five books nicely, yet is able to stand on its own and be enjoyed even if you haven't read the other books in the series. If you have read the other books, you are more likely to fully appreciate its worth and the difficulty of such a feat. Rowling successfully creates and sustains suspense throughout the novel. This is accomplished early on when we learn the Malfoy was given a task by Voldemort and that Snape has taken an Unbreakable Vow to protect Malfoy and finish his task if he should fail. The suspense about the task is sustained in a natural, unforced manner throughout the story by Harry's obsession with discovering the nature of Malfoy's task. Other examples of suspense are found throughout the story--who is the Half Blood Prince whose potions book helps Harry so much, what is the reason for Harry and Dumbledore's private lessons, and whose love for whom will be realized. By the end of the book, Rowling answers these questions, ties up the loose ends, and yet leaves us with anticipation and questions for the next book. The various, well-developed characters in the series continue to make appearances and unique contributions to the story. As you read Half Blood Prince, you become even more invested in the characters you have come to love and hate--the Weasleys, Hagrid, Dumbledore, Harry, Hermione, Neville, Luna, the members of the Order of the Phoenix, Snape, Malfoy and even Voldemort. The story continues to be touching, inspiring, and heartbreaking. The characters flourish among tragedy and still live their lives--falling in love, growing, learning, deepening friendships, and battling evil.<br/><br/> How could anyone mistake this book as espousing or encouraging anything other than the highest morality and the most valuable morals? Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince continues to be, as were the other books in the series, a good source of moral value for people of every age. The book deals with a number of moral issues in a variety of ways and encourages morality and goodness, which we can all learn from. The issues addressed include friendship, family, love, loyalty, sacrifice, good versus evil and the gray areas in between, how to cope with the death of loved ones, murder, and the soul. The issues of friendship, family, love, loyalty and sacrifice are intertwined throughout the book. Harry displays the utmost loyalty to Dumbledore, saying more than once that he is "Dumbledore's man through and through." The Weasleys, the best example of family values, show loyalty and love for each other, including Harry when they take him in as family and fight for him. True friendship and its moral value are shown in many forms by Harry, Dumbledore, Hermione, Ron, Ginny, Neville and Luna. On numerous occasions, they show us what friendship means--loyalty, support, love, and sacrifice. They bicker and disagree sometimes (Ron and Hermione doubt Harry when he believes Malfoy is a Death-Eater, Dumbledore and Harry disagree in their opinion and trust of Snape), however, in the end they are there for one another. For instance, Ron, Hermione, Luna and Neville, help Harry watch Malfoy and Snape toward the end of the book and they fight with the Order of the Phoenix against the Death-eaters. In the end, Dumbledore protects Harry and sacrifices himself in helping fight Voldemort and destroying Horcruxes.<br/><br/> One of the most important issues dealt with is sacrifice. Harry makes many sacrifices, shows courage, and strong moral standards, as do other characters. Harry is given options to choose easy ways out, but doesn't take them because he knows it is not the right decision. He could live a normal life and leave the fight against Voldemort to other more experienced witches and wizards, but he does not--Harry knows his duty and does not shrink from it. Harry could simply give up and stop fighting, but he does not. Harry sacrifices his happiness time and again. He knows he cannot be with Ginny though he loves her. Harry lets Ginny go because it's the only way to protect her and he knows he cannot be with her until he finishes with Voldemort. Harry and others like Dumbledore, Sirius, his friends, and the Weasleys, do the right thing no matter what the cost. For example, Harry refuses to support the Ministry by becoming their "mascot" since they wrongfully imprison innocent wizards to mislead the public into believing that they are making progress against Voldemort. Dumbledore and Sirius sacrificed their lives for the cause of fighting and defeating evil in the form of Voldemort. The Weasleys sacrifice their blood and energy to help protect Harry and do their part in fighting evil. Harry and his friends sacrifice to help and support each other.<br/><br/> Throughout the book, we see Harry trying to cope with Sirius's death and then Dumbledore's death. Harry reacts as any person would with anger, denial, sadness, heartbrokenness, and acceptance. He manages to cope with difficulty, but also with surprising dignity, devotion, and love in the end.<br/><br/> Rowling cleverly shows us the utter wrongness and horribleness of murder. In the book, murder rips your soul apart and permits you to split your soul into pieces that may then reside in Horcruxes, making you immortal. Voldemort has taken it to an extreme, mutilating his soul, and dividing it into seven pieces through six murders. Voldemort represents the utmost evil in the book, an evil that must be destroyed.<br/><br/> This story shows us the importance of fighting for everything good in the world and battling everything evil. However, Rowling does not delude us and makes it clear that the line between good and evil is not so clearly drawn--there are gray areas just as there are in real life. There are Imperius Curses that are used against Rosmerta and others, blackmail which is used against Malfoy by Voldemort, and even the uncertainty of whether Snape is good or evil.<br/><br/> This story, these characters, and these issues are so realistic, moving, and touching that it is amazing how anyone could miss the literary and moral value found throughout the book and the series. The characters, plotline, well created suspense, and the fact it is amazingly written contribute to the literary value of the Half Blood Prince. While condemning murder and evil, the story shows us the moral values of family, friendship, love, loyalty, and sacrifice through the powerful characters, the situations they face, and the decisions they make. For all these reasons and possibly many more, it was one of the best books I have ever read and I would recommend this book to any and everyone.
 Harry Potter series is a future classic.  Every child (and adult) should have a fantasy to love.  This is mine.  Every book keeps your undivided attention. When you have finished this book it will keep you wanting the next one.
 The Half Blood Prince is setting the scene for an epic battle betweeh Harry and Lord Voldemort, while strengthening the bonds between the central members of the DA (Dumbledore's Army).  Harry faces the most difficult trials he's come against to date, and his resolve to fulfill his destiny is strengthened.<br/><br/>Wonderful book!
 Book #6 is very much like Movie #3.  Both were good...but lacking in what made books 1-5 wonderful...The Characters.  Neville, Draco &amp; Luna were very minor characters...Seamus &amp; Dean were just fill.  While it was over 600 pages...it didn't feel like all the much happened.  The year just sped by...not even a metion of Halloween.  In short...just the facts &amp; not well rounded.  Personally, my least favorite of the 6..."Goblet of Fire" was my favorite..."Order of the Phoenix" the best written.
 A rare book that catches you off guard.
 If you haven't read this book than what are you doing? Only reading the first in the series makes you jump to buy this book (and the rest of the series). After reading the first five you can only expect the best from J. K. Rowling, and you get it.<br/><br/>This is undoubtedly the one book she spent the most time on. Just looking at its spine and you can tell that it is much smaller than the last two in the series (individually, together they pack a lot of weight). That is what is so good about this is that it gets right to the point, it doesn't dilly-daddle in all sorts of fluff that only goes to take away attention from the core of the book. It sure helps that Fred and George left school. They were very funny and amusing, but they would have done better being funny in the background.<br/><br/>Rowling peaked this book as the darkest book as the darkest of the series. This is obvious when you realize that everyone expects Harry to fight Voldemort in the seventh book. It's especially highlighted by Ron's "Is anyone we know dead?" whenever Hermione cracks open a Daily Prophet. There is constant gossip about whose family is dead and who has been taken out of school by their panicky parents, and Malfoy's obvious induction into the death eaters, though everyone seems to think that 16 is too young.<br/><br/>But it is not all dark and dreary throughout the whole book. The book ends with Ron and Hermione finally going out, though how Hermione let him back after "snogging" Lavender Brown the whole year is beyond me. Harry also ends up with a girlfriend (you will have to read the book for her name) but gives her up because he doesn't want her to get hurt (ooooohhhhh). This is one girl I wouldn't mind giving Harry up to.<br/><br/>This book ends up with another fond character dead (I think he is still alive and Rowling is at home laughing at us). The loss of this character is enormous! Not only is the loss very emotional, it is also a loss with the logic of the book. Now Harry will need Hermione more than ever, or he might not get through half of what is set out in front of him.<br/><br/>Overall, this is a wonderful book that I would love to read over and over again but sadly never find the time (chores, homework, etc.). I would recommend this book to anyone who could read (in any language, seriously, this book has probably been printed in a million languages). But I believe that in order to get the story and appreciate Rowling you have to read the first five. Really, I hope you enjoy this book, it is worth every penny.
 Book 6 is definately darkest of all the HP books released so far. Since so much has been covered about the characters, places and main plot that things move at a fast pace. Relevence to school curriculum is less. Even though Snape realizes his dream of becoming Defense against Dark Arts Professor there are few of his classes in the book. New potions master Slughorn gets most attention. He becomes integral character in the Voldemart saga.<br/><br/>  Book grips u right till the end. Death was chilling though I had read about that in online forums before. Ground work for book 7 has been laid. I think that should be even darker.<br/><br/>  Negative must be there are very few new characters of significance. Only slughorn. So "been there" feeling may be there. Still plot drives the story more than characters here. That makes HP and HBP the best ever.
 So many reviews and I believe it has all been said.  A 'Classic' series that will be enjoyed for many generations to come!
 Revealing so much in the second chapter works against the book.  We become distant from Harry. His pursuits, while finally showing some initiative, are basically futile, because we know too much about who will and won't do what. Also Dumbledore, and hence the reader, knows more than Harry again.  So we are watching Harry discover what we already know or strongly suspect.  And we get beat over the head about Snape's evil/good qualities.  So where is the mystery?  Well, in learning about Voldemort's background mainly, which was good.  And who the Half Blood Prince is, but it's sort of hangs out there on its own, not tying into anything.<br/><br/>But there are some great scenes: Harry and Dumbledore on the lake, the lucky potion with Harry and Slughorn, for example.<br/><br/>Rowling has lost interest in Harry, and it shows. She has fallen in love with the more interesting dark side. Consider this: There are 7 items containing Voldemort's soul. Voldemort has  an obsession with power and immortality, channeled through these 7 items. He has to sacrifice his soul to gain this immortality.  Rowling is writing 7 books, channeling her own immortality through these 7 books.  She has a net worth of over a billion dollars, and has sacrificed much in her writing and characters to get immortality in the form of money and fame.  It's not surprising that Voldemort holds her fascination, while love for Harry has been lost -- for 2, maybe 3 books now.
 Here is a haiku that I just wrote:<br/><br/>Harry found a book<br/>He learned to make some potions<br/>Better beware, dude.
 I find the Harry Potter series entertaining and well written.
 Great book...again giving more details than the movie and letting you in on things the movie never did.
 This book was really fun and addicting. There are deaths, betrayals, and relationships. So I think it's really awesome. So yeah really cool.
 I found this to be an exciting, easy read...as the series should be.  Rowling always pays close attention to detail, and challenges the reader to recall intricate pieces from the previous books.<br/><br/>I enjoyed this book much more than its predecessor, as Harry's temperment seems to have evened out considerably.  He does not come across as sullen and depressed in this book, but does maintain his determination.
 After picking up book 6, first thing Saturday Morning, having not been able to get it the previous night. Sat down locked my door and was absorbed for the next few hours,finished at 3am Sunday morning. Loved it the romance was on point, my shippermania was well placed, wish there was a little more. Still wish I knew why Dumbledore trusts Snape so much ESPECIALLY NOW. Was different from the other books because Harry is a little less naive and tries at least to think about his actions before he does them. It was slower obviously because of the various tie ins being made in preparaton of book seven. Don't go in expecting too much, it is excellent but keep in mind that it is ending soon. Hate the fact that the wait for 7 will be so long when I finished 6 so fast. New minister of magic obviously. The end will floor you, I had to put it away for a few minutes just to get over the shock, but after the first reading and much thought I see why it had to happen.
 This book changed my life.
 As I was reading this series it seemed that each book was more enthralling, more unputdownable than the one that preceeded it. At least I thought so, until I read this one.<br/><br/>Upon purchasing the book, I was surprised at how thin it was (at least in comparison to the last two). While it is still undeniably good, and still hard to put down, it seems like it is/was rushed, like many parts were hastily glossed over, and it could have had so much more in it, it could have been so much better.<br/><br/>I'm not going to post any spoilers, but I was also disappointed in the ending which was, like the rest of the book, lacking, that is, it was good but it could have been so much better. I find myself hoping that this was done only to set the stage for the last book in the series. Hopefully, that will be a finale worth waiting for.
 As an avid reader of J.K. Rowling's "Harry Potter" series, I of course read this book the day it came out.  I think that the ending will cause mixed reactions.  I also was a bit suprised at the use of a few curse words, and the amount of kissing that took place in the story.  Though the characters are aging in the story, the reading level is still based on 9 to 12 years.  In my opinion the story is maturing too much for that age group.  Also, the book has an eerie sense (as the others have), and I even got scared a few times.  All together, the book was not my favorite in the series; as it seemed to totally change the direction of the story.  I will be sad to read book 7, but hopefully will be more satisfied with it's ending and closing of the series.
 A masterpiece each time you read it. The movies don't do it justice. It truly is a must read for all fans.
 The official journey begins. Saw the movies first, books are always better. Several times at the end I was in tears. Just amazing...
 My daughter has enjoyed reading the HP books for the past year.  She'll be 9 this winter.  After seeing that the publisher recommends the book for kids aged 8+ (9-12 at Amazon), I purchased the Half-Blood Prince for her.  She dilligently read the book all weekend, with her children's dictionary nearby to look up words that she did not know.  Last night, she came into my room and said that there was a word she couldn't find in her dictionary.  I assumed that she was going to show me either a British word or one of J.K. Rowling's "magical" terms.  My jaw dropped when I saw what the word actually was (Morfin's rather crude characterization of Voldemort's mother).  I know that I will have to discuss the meaning of mature slang with my daughter at some point; however, it will not be at 8 years old, and certainly not as a result of a so-called children's book.  Really, what were they thinking?  I can understand that characters are growing up, but if the author is going to adapt her work to more mature themes and tones, the books should be marketed for adolescents.  In reading through the rest of the book, I also felt that the "heavy" nature of the final scenes was a bit much for 8 and 9 year olds.  A word to parents:  if you're purchasing this for a young child, you might want to read it yourself first.  Some parents may want to hold off on having their kids read it until they're older.  Really, I've never been more disappointed in a publisher's marketing judgment, and I feel like Ms. Rowling's editors should've caught these issues if 8 and 9 year olds are her intended audience.
 Can't believe she manages to make each volume better and better. I couldn't put it down. Just raced through it but wished it wouldn't have been over so fast
 Its Harry Potter, what more needs to be said? This book if probably my second favorite of the series after Prisoner of Azkaban.
 Love this series. Too bad it had to end.
 Her best book to date, Half-Blood Prince is an engaging read. A few strange plot points don't take away from an otherwise great story.
 I enjoyed it!
 I love this book. Good story and wonderful life lessons. Apparently I still need to add ten more words before I can leave this page
 It was truly as captivating as the rest in the series. Looking forward to the next book. Highly recommend it.
 Once again Ms. Rowling takes us to a world beyond our own and full of magic. I love this amazing series and this book is just as compelling as the previous 5. My only complaint is that it was not long enough. I cannot get enough of Harry and his world. She could write each book in a two volume set and I would be completely thrilled.
 After waiting so long for the 6th book, Half-Blood Prince was a real disappointment! It does not come even close to the quality level of JK's writing in the 4th and 5th books. There is no depth to the story line and many of the existing lines from prior books were sadly left unanswered. This book is a pale ghost to her exceptional style and character/plot development previously demonstrated. It appears fame and enjoyment of her fortune may be more important to JK these days, rather than striving to complete the Harry Potter series at the quality level it deserves.
 Would give a 100 Star Rating if i could!
 There are a lot of very long and detailed reviews here, so I will make it as simple as this:  If you love Harry Potter, then you will love this book!  It answers a lot of questions, and of course leaves us with several new mysteries.  Enjoy!!<br/><br/>foodiedb@optonline.net
 I LOVED IT.It was soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good I LOVE the way that this book was written and published.I IOVE HARRY POTTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :):):):):):):)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Great book I have been reading all Harry potter books so fast l can not put them done. I even bought the movies on sale at W B site.
 This book is definitely a sad one to get through, lots of ups and downs. Totally worth the ride though.
 In many ways, this book is Rowling's finest, and her most mature of the series. The detail, as always, is intricate, and this one leaves readers with a number of interesting things to try to puzzle out while they read, and indeed after they have finished.<br/>Rowling's writing continues to be charming, clever, and most of all engaging; it was very difficult to put this book down, and many are likely to be tempted to read it all in one sitting.<br/>One thing to keep in consideration for parents, however, is that as Harry matures, so do the books. As Voldemort grows strong once again, there is more fear within the wizarding world, and as promised by the author, there are more deaths. I would encourage parents to have a look at it first, in order to decide whether or not it is suitable for their children.<br/>All in all, Rowling has done it again! Another fantastic book, engaging storyline, and she continues to show a keen ability to make us relate to and feel for her characters. A wonderful, satisfying, and moving read for Harry Potter fans.
 I thought this was a good book, certainly well written and didn't take a long for me to go through.  It pretty much sets the stage for Harry to do what he needs to do to save the world.<br/><br/>Five is still my hands down favorite.<br/><br/>He finally asks the right person out, somebody shows their true colors, and somebody finally gets their Dream Job. I am not sure if the turn coat is actually a turn coat, but it will be interesting to see.  Okay, I want seven!!!
 Good writing.  Good plot.<br/><br/>Hated it.<br/><br/>Not that I don't LIKE Harry Potter.  I love it.<br/><br/>I waited 200 days for this book... counting down the days.  I was very much disappointed with the outcome of 9 hours non-stop reading on July 16, 2005.  I just didn't like it.<br/><br/>The ending left with a very hollow, incomplete feeling.  I don't think this book was fulfilling, having waiting this long for it.  I was extremely unhappy with the outcome of the adventures (or lack thereof) the HP gang had.  It was still a good read because it was Harry Potter, but I don't think I'll read it more than twice (once more to see if it gets any better... though I doubt it).<br/><br/>I hate to give a back review because people will hate me.  But I really did not like this installment.<br/><br/>Too many twists for me, thanks.
 Thoughtful and consistent. Shows Harry and friends as typical teenagers, which is frustrating for adults.
 Fantasy world read that entertains all ages and is easy to read. A good way to escape with a book.
 It's incredible what Ms. Rowling has done in this book, it all began in book 4, by all I mean Harry starting to become a teenager and not the luck "boy who survived", Harry is incredibly much more mature than ever, well, he is now my age (I am 16) and I kind of understand him, he starts this book just as he finished the last one, as a teen, and nothing more, a teen that can do...well... magic.<br/><br/>However he gives a giant leap from that to what he is an the end of this book (which by the way is my second favorite of the series), the death of Dumbledore hits him (as well as it hitted me) I almost cried when it happened, i wanted to kill Snape just as Harry did, the way Rowling presents us the first three quarters of the book is kind of slow, she doesn't give a lot of info, she just tells us what was going on Riddle's mind (for I believe that he was still Riddle and not the Real Voldemort)but the last quarter is incredibly rushing, I started reading it on Sunday (I bought it on Saturday though) and I finished reading it today at 2am, which is kind of interesting if we realize thet I am mexican, so I'm not familiar with most of the expressions used in England, but I couldnt stop reading and finished it amuzed... Dumbledore's dead... woo... I never spected that, i thought Malfoy or Ron would be dead... but never Dumbledore...<br/><br/>Anyway... I believe book 6 is not directed to children anymore, it's directed to the ones who have read it since book one, i thank Rowling for that, Harry has grown op with me, we've always been the same age and he has helped me realize I am not the only one who feels... well you-know-how, Rowling clearly remembers how it is to be 16, and she Demonstrates it in this book, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is not for children, it is for us, forr teenagers, and for true fans.<br/><br/>I give it fifty stars out of five
 Once again, Rowling has created another spectacular addition to the best selling Harry Potter series! I read this book in a time period of only two days this past summer it was so good! The plot in the book thickens as the ministry is crumbling under the vicious attacks of Voldemort and his followers. Meanwhile, Harry and Dumbledore must race against time to find Lord Voldemort's main weakness and end this war. The best yet!
 This was a very good addition to the Harry Potter series. It is very interesting where as Harry is trying to get good grades at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry while constantly trying to deal with the wrath of Voldemort. As in previous books he gets closer and closer to actually meeting Voldemort.<br/><br/>  In this book, though, Harry and his friends are all starting to realize their "romantic" feelings for one another. The drama of their romances is a majority of the book but it still seems to keep you interested and getting through the book.
 I was super excited for this book to come out.  As soon as i got it I immediately pored into it.  I finished it in two days.  This book seems to be a transitional book in the series for Rowling.  You see what I mean when you finished the book.  And cause of this it seems that she focuses on more of the action and intrigue and conflict between Voldemort and Harry.  The school and happenings at the school seem to take a back seat to this and that is where I think she goes wrong a little bit.  The school year and all the happenings in the school and whats going on with the students seemed to be to me, part of the magic of the books.  She tries to add romance to compensate this and it mostly works, and provides some comedy.  !Spoilers! Although I kinda wished Harry would get back with Cho.  !End Spoilers!  All in all, the books seem to move at too fast of a pace and the school year seemed over before it started.  But in the end it is still a great book with mostly all you come to expect from the series.  I would give all the other books five's but since this one is ever so slighty disappointing I will give it a four.
 It was good and finally getting a little darker and the threat pressing in. Adding the pieces of school drama gave me a laugh and lifted the weight of the plotline's intensity. The ending is extremely sad and unbelievable. It's hard to picture the wizarding world changing so rapidly.
 Rowlings focus and main outline for her novels has changed and evolved. No longer humourous, the novel is darker, sprinkled with lighter moments of flirtatious behavior and quidditch matches, depicting a magical community at war. Through what seems to be a string of horrific events,any of which would leave the strongest man feeling diminshed, Harry rises above, living up to his position as the "chosen one". This 6th novel marks Harry's transition into manhood. The innocense of the firsts novels is nolonger. Rowlings has come upon the adult book scene with a strong ability to tell the amazing story of magic, good, evil, and "the boy who lived".
 Well after being fairly disappointed with the over long and haphazard plot of Order of The Pheonix I was really hoping for the next Harry Potter book to be worthy of the effort of reading it, and sorry to say, I was fairly disappointed.<br/><br/>First off there was none of the intricacy and magic of the first four books, none of the interesting class rivalries, clever conversations, humour, even Quidditch was turned dull and lifeless.<br/><br/>Pretty much everything I though would happen happened, in the most boring manner imaginable. New charachters who could have brught my rating up to three stars, were under developed and familiar charachters seemed to lose personality with every page...<br/><br/>The Half Blood Price was exactly who I thought it would be (I won't tell you who, but if you think anything like me you'll already know...) but the whole thing was handled in such a 'meh' manner that it wasn't so much a revelation as a predictable conclusion. The only thing that dragged this book out of a one star rating were the Pensieve scenes which showed, if nothing else, that JKR still has her impressive writing talents, but these chapters only served to highlight what was laking in the rest of the book.<br/><br/>More than once whilst reading it I wondered if it was the real book, it read like a piece of trite fanfiction and I kept hoping throughout that it would be revealed to be a fake, and that the real one would be out there somewhere, full of all the magic of books 1 through 4, but apparently that's not to be... I know that everyone who has followed the series so far will read this but don't set your hopes high...
 This book was awesomeness reincarnated!...there are no words with which to describe it!..I loved how there was so much character development..we find so much more(!), I love the whole complex plot, and I love J K Rowling's storytelling style!..The humour is great, and very tactfully inserted in between important points, so that you often do a double take while choking with laughter...its truly great, and wonderful and leaves you breathlessly awaiting the seventh book...not that I wasnt breathless already :) !! its an absolute MUST READ!!
 Just another great Harry Potter Novel
 Since the second book, after each read I've always looked forward to Rowling's next installment in the series. IMHO the quality of her writing noticeably improved over time, taking the works from `OK-now at least I know what the buzz is about' in book 1 to `That was a fun ride' in books 3-5. That's a wonderful thing. So many writers have turned me off by not growing... Seems they often become like machines regurgitating more of the same ad nauseam. This is Rowling's greatest asset and helped keep me excited about her work.<br/><br/>That said, clearly none of the books can be called `good' literature, much less fine. In fairness, little in this genre is. However, Rowling's likeable characters and engaging world have gone a long way to make up for her annoying plot contrivances to create and drraaagggg on tension and drama. Sure, there are plenty of other problems in her writing (though none more agitating to me), but all is forgiven if the read is enjoyable. Up until now it has been.<br/><br/>Sadly, what made the series fun is missing in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince... It's as if I just read a book about the Harry Potter puppets-clunky, wooden marionettes jerked through the badly paced plot by a palsied puppeteer. Rowling gives the impression of handling her characters at arms length. All the players we've grown to love are there, but the prose utterly fails to connect them to the reader (is it just me?). Combined with the shockingly stagnate plot throughout the first two thirds of the book and clumsy, unimaginative manner in which she moves it along, and it all makes for a disappointing read.<br/><br/>Will I read the next book?<br/>Yes, of course.<br/><br/>Do I look forward to it?<br/>Yes. Though, after reading each of the earlier books I looked forward to seeing the story and characters develop. Now, I'm much more curious about Rowling herself. Will she `wake up' and find a way to breath life back into her work or let it go out with a whimper? I hope the former. &lt; also very curious to see if Rowling `destroys' who's most likely the accidental container of the sixth horcrux-think she'll incite an international riot of young and young-at-heart readers if she does&gt;
 This is one of the best Harry Potter books I have read. It kept my attention. It usually takes me a full month to read them. I finished this one in 20 days.
 After reading the Orden of the Phoenix I was very sad... I thought: well, it was impossible She could write 7 great books, the magic is over.<br/><br/>But the half blood prince is a wonderful recovering... the magic is live again in this book... it is charming... only one or two chapters a little down of quality, but almost you could say they are needed and maybe there is no other way to tell that part of the tale.<br/><br/>In general... this is a very good book... a lot better than the chamber of secrets in my opinion, though its not as wonderful as prisoner or goblet (still the best for me).  But to be honest, its very close to those books.<br/><br/>From this book Im going always to remember the After Burial chapter... what a charming chapter... five hundred points for JKR!!
 I have been a rabid adult Potter fan for 3 years now and was waiting breathlessly for the latest installment to the series.  Unfortunately, I was really disappointed overall with the work.  What I have come to enjoy most about this series is Rowling's loving care of her characters (my opinion)and the strong development of the key and sometimes not key but interesting chatacters we as readers encounter along the way.  This book is sorely lacking in this aspect.  Granted there are some answers to lingering questions given to many mysteries that have baffled readers through the first 5 tomes, but not nearly enough and that paired with the weak treatment she gave to the veteran and new characters just made this book smack of, dare I say, bad fan fiction.  I'll still remain a loyal fan of the series I'm just not a fan of this installment. Sorry Jo :(
 Love this book in print and on Audible.
 Overall the book had a great plot and I read in in just 3 days, not solid.  I do not like the ending however, and it leaves you empty wondering just how many more books there will be.  They are straying far from just going to magic school.  The plot is becoming complicated with Voldemort, and they are concentrating on fighting him instead of classes.  I enjoy Dumbledore and Harry's adventures into the memories of past people to find out how Harry is like and unlike Voldemort.  I have no idea how the books will end, or even if there will be just 7 books after reading it.  If Rowling was smart, however, she'd end them soon so they don't drag on and on.  Better to go out with a record best seller than a dive after a record best seller.
 Re-read this book after many years. Just as wonderful as the first time. All the books are<br/>addictive and written to where you don't want it to end.
 After nearly two years of waiting the anticipation<br/><br/>alone is enough to ruin Harry Potter before it even<br/><br/>gets published. Fans of the wizarding boy and his<br/><br/>adventures are often so strung out for a new book that<br/><br/>they tend to build up the greatness of the writing and<br/><br/>it has to be hard to continuously live up to those<br/><br/>high expectations time and again. Well, J.K. Rowling<br/><br/>has lived up to the expectation for the 6th time in<br/><br/>her newest addition to the series " Harry Potter and<br/><br/>The Half Blood Prince" . I have to admit I was<br/><br/>immediately thrown for a loop as the new novel was<br/><br/>presented in a different way. Previously every single<br/><br/>book started and basically concluded the same way.<br/><br/>Each book starts out as Harry is miserably surviving<br/><br/>the summer at the Dursley's. He has a problem and they<br/><br/>move on to school the main story always takes place<br/><br/>here and then after the conflict is resolved it<br/><br/>peacefully concludes with all the kids promising to<br/><br/>write over the summer as they head off once more to<br/><br/>spend the summers at home. This book didn't even get<br/><br/>to Harry or the Dursley's house until the second<br/><br/>chapter. The reader immediately found them selves<br/><br/>thrown into a tumultuous time in both Britain and the<br/><br/>Wizarding world. This change hooked you for sure ,<br/><br/>which is the ultimate goal, but at the same time set<br/><br/>an uncomfortable feeling of change where that<br/><br/>predictability from the other novels was gone. This<br/><br/>book finds the characters turning 16 so they are<br/><br/>getting up there in age and their behavior is starting<br/><br/>to reflect it. They are suddenly interested in the<br/><br/>opposite sex and spend time "snogging" which is<br/><br/>kissing. Of course this is behavior today seen in 12<br/><br/>year olds but still I found it quite pathetic and<br/><br/>unsetling as an adult reading the book . I have no<br/><br/>doubt a cetain population of youngsters at the right<br/><br/>age will be begging for more "snogging". But,<br/><br/>whatever! This book answers alot of questions and goes<br/><br/>deep into the past to help Harry understand his<br/><br/>opponent better so that he may learn how to defeat<br/><br/>him. The book also progresses into what I feel is the<br/><br/>creepiest scenes by far. Even as an adult , I found my<br/><br/>self uncomfortably scared reading some of the trials<br/><br/>Harry had to go through in this book . And yes,<br/><br/>someone very important dies. This has changed the face<br/><br/>of Harry Potter forever and the book takes a decidedly<br/><br/>different turn. The reader is left not knowing who to<br/><br/>trust and even whether Hogworts will exist for the<br/><br/>next school year. In any event Harry and his faithful<br/><br/>Friends don't intend to return for their final year!<br/><br/>Yes , they will become drop outs in their mission to<br/><br/>ultimately end the rein of terror brought about by<br/><br/>Lord Voldemort and and his following. Some one has to<br/><br/>do it . So that sets the stage for book 7. Just in<br/><br/>case you are a robotic machine and were not all ready<br/><br/>hooked, this book leaves you no other choice but to<br/><br/>continue when book 7 is issued to actually find out<br/><br/>how it all ends , because this book offers no real<br/><br/>conclusion. That is most unsettling to have that<br/><br/>feeling of no conclusion knowing it will most likely<br/><br/>be another long two year wait for the next book. In<br/><br/>conclusion , although drastically different this is no<br/><br/>exception to the wonderful work of J.K. Rowling. You<br/><br/>will not put this book down and wish you had taken<br/><br/>longer to read it once your done because it is a long<br/><br/>wait we are looking at for the next Harry Potter!<br/><br/>J.L. Reed of Reed &amp; Wright Book Review Inc.
 Contents of the book aside, Jim Dale is probably the best narrator one can find on CD today. The book just springs to life with his wonderful and well performed reading. This is probably the main reason I find myself buying the audio book version for the 6th time. For any of you Harry Potter lovers out there, the book is all you would expect of it, a light fun read (listen in this case), full of magic and for the first time to some extent some romance between the characters (yes, yes I know - there was some dating in the past books, but it was taken to a higher level in this one).
 I loved this installment, because it delves into Lord Voldemort's past. I also really dig the fact that Harry and his friends are no longer the scared little kids they were in the first few books, they are willing to take on Death eaters and any other crazyness they might encounter without any hesitation. Talking smack to Malfoy's mom had me rolling... If you loved the rest of the books, there is no why you wont love this one...
 i'v waited since january 1, have read the series over and over again, have edured blistering heat and freezing cold, climbed to the highest room of the highest tower, battled so many buyers but finally...i got it. this is really the best in the series with a great begining chapter, a extremly big cliffhanger, and heartbreaking moments. the year starts with harry attending another year at hogwarts with a new DADA teacher, the past of voldamort revealed, and harry recives help from the mysteriuos half-blood prince. i finishe this book four days after i got it and now eagerly awating the final (sniff) book. lets see only three more years to go...yipee. let me tell you all its going to be a looooooooooonnnnng three years.
 Love the book
 Love this book and series
 Expectations for Rowling just keep getting higher, making it impossible to satisfy eneryone - but I for one was impressed.  There's a sense of relevance:  security levels in the Wizarding world are high, with packages being searched and communication monitored.  The opening scene, in which you can't help but picture Tony Blair, struck me with a special poignancy after the recent London bombings.  Harry is out of the funk of being perpetually misunderstood - what a relief!  He's finally coming into his own, no longer opressed by the opinions of others, and interacting with the respected adults close to him as an equal. The darker side of human nature, including dysfunctional and abusive family life, is touched upon - it doesn't become oppressive, but it's clear where the roots of much evil lie in Potter's world (as in ours).  The scary bits are truly creepy and the much anticipated death leads to a real cliffhanger.  I sped through the book, driven by the story, and I'll revisit it to savor the details of setting and character.
 This book is simply amazing for the young adult reader like myself. I was not able to put down the book once I’ve started.
 Harry  Potter and the half-blood  prince made us all laugh, cry, and bite our fingernails in fright. This book is just as phenomenal is all the rest. I can't wait to read the Deathly Hallows!
 I think JK is a fantastic author and I really enjoy these books. This book is great and wonderful and I want everyone who is a Harry Potter fan to read it and make up their own mind. But part of me really didn't like it. (IF YOU HAVENT READ,DONT READ AHEAD! )<br/><br/>I feel that Harry has lost enough in his life. He has lost everybody that means the most to him. I think its a depressing book with too many unanswered questions. Its great to leave your readers with questions, so they will be interested in the next and last installment. However, I think it left too many. it was like it was just a filler book. Even though, there were many many important things covered as well. All in all, I did enjoy the book despite some of the plot. and would recommend it.
 Very dark, but captivating.  After seeing all of the HP movies, it's nice to see that the movies are true to the books.
 I have read all the Harry potter books from this one to the first.Of course I read them in order .they are all so good .so suspenseful .I am happy to be read ing the deathly Hallows. B it sad that I can't read them again because of school I go to . But I don't  care I will read them again. I would defiantly recommend these books to a person who likes mystery books.
 This book is great. It makes for an exciting new instalment and a very enjoyable read. It really delivers.<br/><br/>It all starts up with a meeting between a few ministers, follows into a Death Eaters' Manor, continues with Dumbledore delivering Harry to the Burrows. But the start of school is pretty different this year, starting with book shopping, the train ride and the handing out of the time chart.<br/><br/>Harry really feels like 16 years old in this book. Gone are the sulkiness, angst and morosity of the last book. He's now more self assured, determined. A new boldness and sense of self has come out of his last confrontation with You-Know-Who.<br/><br/>Ron and Hermione are back at it again. But as Dumbledore said, love is a very powerful weapon, as a lot of Weasleys are bound to discover this year.<br/><br/>If you haven't jumped onboard, this might be your ticket to Hogwarts. Just remember to push nonchalantly on the barrier between platform 9 and 10.
 Love the narration.
 This book had everything a Harry Potter book should have. I found it more wholesome than Book 5, and it seemed less ghostwriterish than Book 5 as well. I admit, I was disappointed with the death, as now it seems as though the whole wizarding community is depending on (mainly) Harry alone.<br/><br/>Nevertheless, I felt satisfied after reading it. My friend's sister, alarmed at the death, put the book down and screamed, "I HATE IT! I HATE IT!" Others criticize the book for being too simplistic. I, on the other hand, think that there are more to the events - the death in particular - than meets the eye. I think that this book definitely set the stage for book 7.
 Yeah, I read it (already).  The protagonist was pretty good.  The antagonist was comparable to the protagonist.  The characters were older than in the previous books, so it did not surprise me that their adventures were more mature.  All in all, I am glad the prince was half-blood.  Enjoy!
 I would give this book 100 stars if I could.  The entire series is phenomenal.
 I think that from Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix onwards , the spotlight changed from their adventures to the changes and relationships between the characters. If you read the first book again, you will see the percentage of the pages about the climax(mostly meetings with Voldemort) has decreased over the books. The adventure wasn't really that exciting this time. It's not really as adrenaline-pumping and on the edge. It's worth the time, though it didn't make it to my favourites.
 Not my favorite of the series but for Harry's progress it is essential. Rowling's style of writing and descriptions still is spot on.
 To me this is the best book in the series . It has so much detail in it that without reading it you would be lost for words in the other books J.K Rowling did a fantastic job on transmitting her feeling into words on the last two chapters about Dumbledores death just an absolutely amazing price of literature.
 Had to re-read this, it's been a few years, just as wonderful as I had remembered. LOVE Harry Potter :)
 The real book is great. This kindle version is much less so. There are missing lines. Important lines from the climactic confrontation in the book. Why is this so?
 Awesome
 The story just gets better and better. The last book I am really looking forward to reading it. Can't wait to see how it ends.
 As an adult fan of Harry Potter I have been surprised and a little shocked that from the very first chapter there is alcohol use so prominently displayed. It would seem that in The Half Blood Prince  Harry has indeed grown up rather rapidly. Drinking and "snogging" isn't really appropriate reading for children, and many teens manage not to be involved with alcohol or other mind numbing things. I'm surprised at Scholastic for allowing this as it adds nothing to the book. The book is more appropriate for older children and adults with discussion with family readers about the drinking and morals in general. In general I have been fairly let down and it will be with morbid interest to see what happens last in the series. It's time to bring it to an end.
 I'm going to keep this short and sweet...this book is yet another fantastic read from J.K. Rowling. Can't get enough of Harry, Ron, and Hermoine and their adventures. A bigger role for Dumbledore in this book leads to some very interesting reading too! For avid fans, you can't miss this one. It provides a great set-up for the last book :( which is going to be very different by my predictions. Can't wait!!! Will we have to wait another two years? Well, it will be worth it I am sure.
 I am absolutely floored at how J.K. Rowling has once again managed to pull out such a fantastic novel. I was literally enchanted while reading this book, I personally enjoyed reading all of the trials of Harry and his friend's this year. From the moment I picked up the book yesterday morning I haven't put it down. Now that i'm finished, i'm ready to re-read it all over again! I have no complaints about this book except that the 7th book is not ready for me to go pick up and read this evening. I don't want to give any parts of the plot away for those who haven't read it, but seriously, for a book that's aimed for children, I'm sure having a good time reading it!
 I was somewhat underwhelmed by this book, given the enormous buildup surrounding it. It was good, but not close to being the best book in the series. To me, that doesn't portend well for the final installment.<br/><br/>Book #3, Prisoner of Azkhaban was by far the best book. Its been downhill since then. Hopefully Rowling can blow all our doors off with book #7.
 Love it.
 I have been a hugh fan of Harry since day 1.  I have to say, this was the biggest disappointment.  As I was reading the book I thought, even when it is bad, it is still good.  However, by the time I got to the end, I had a very hard time finishing, usually because I was crying.  Although I usually love when Harry visits the Pensive, I found too many flashbacks and not enough moving forward.  Although this was meant to be a set up for the next book too many things were left open.<br/><br/>Definately do not let children read this book, especially if they are familiar with the serious.  I will be honest, I have always read these books because they are safe.  There has always been a definative good vs evil, and you know good will always win.  I do not feel that way after this book, and I will have a hard time reading the next one unless a certain characture (the only one He ever feared) comes back!!!
 Loved loved loved, but sad to be done with the series...again.
 If you are even browsing this page then it is pointless to read any reviews.  That means, you are already a fan and know how spell-binding the series is.  Every HP book is AMAZING!  A great read for all ages.
 Unlike a lot of people here, I actually enjoy reading romantic sub-plots. However, I've been consistently disappointed with how J.K. Rowling handles hers - and how she handles her characters' growth in general. Harry and his friends still talk and act like 11 year olds, despite now being 16. Hermione and Ron bicker like Harry and Sally throughout the book, making their budding relationship more frustrating than enjoyable. Based on all the mean things they've done and said to one another out of jealousy, their inevitable future relationship seems more and more unrealistic.<br/><br/>But the biggest problem is Harry's new girlfriend. Unlike Harry's brief relationship with Cho Chang in book 5, this coupling seems like it's going to end in marriage. Rowling has been building it up throughout the books, making sure all her readers are looking the other way while she lays the groundwork for what's coming next. So finally, they get together, and how does Rowling handle this? Harry inexplicably starts having feelings for her, which he never had before, and for apparently no reason. There is no explanation for what he likes about her, why he likes her now, or why he never thought of her as a romantic partner before. When they do get together, it's so sterile and matter-of-fact. "Oh yeah, we're dating now." Rowling goes into less detail about their feelings than she did when Harry was with Cho!! (Who was, might I remind you, just a teenage fling.)<br/><br/>This lack of description is common throughout this book. No one's emotions or thought processes are described in any detail. Reading the book, I felt so cut off from Harry and all the other characters. I didn't feel like I understood anything of his thoughts or feelings or motivations. It just felt flat and distant - more like a long, dialogue-heavy summary of the book than the book itself.<br/><br/>All in all, a disappointment. I'll be reading book 7 for closure, and to find out if Rowling improves. I hope she does.
 I love this book. It is my second favorite in the series. It keeps me thinking and interested
 Well, I cannot say it was totally unexpected. But, simply I could not believe what I just read.<br/><br/>I felt like I lost something. After I closed the book, I start to miss the warm atmosphere in the first two or three volume of this series.<br/><br/>The author is quite brilliant and very bold. She is always beyond my expectation. I like that.<br/><br/>This is a great novel, not only just for Kids, but also all adults who are parents now and once were kids, too.
 This book is awesome!!!! This book is also sad. I can't believe that Dumbledore dies!! I cried for a long time after I read it but it is still a very good book!!!
 Again in the great style J.K. has become well known and well read for is back in Book 6.  I enjoyed every minute of it and since I am a fast reader, every minute counts.  I was excited and captivated, then saddened and surprised, I hope the ride never stops.  The battle between good and evil has just kicked up a notch.  This was the best so far, but I have felt that way about each book in the series.
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince was one of the best books i have ever read.  It really proved to be one of the series.  The death was sad of course, but nessicary (yes there is a death, but in some ways its good).  Once i started this book i could not put it down! Please go read this book, youll thank yourself.  We can only hope that J.K. Rowling will start us with a new series because there is only one more book left of this one.  She has a talent for writing that should not be squashed! Once again, very good book, not at all disapointing! Infact Half blood prince does prove perfect!
 Am more and more impressed with JKRs writing, turns of phrase, whit and creativity. I greatly appreciate her insights into grief, death and mourning. I think it is sophisticated for young children but a good read with my 8 year old.
 Usually i dont feel compelled to write reviews about books i read but in this case i thought that i needed to do so. The thing with the new book is, is that i tried to like as much as the others in all honesty i found most of the book great and could not put it down. This book if any thing does even more for the other books and even adds credibility to the rest of the series. However, there was a certain empty feeling that i got that i did not have when i finished the other books. In many respects i expected many of the events in this book to transpire eventually although i admit there were still some that caught me off guard. And upon review thats what i think held this book back for me. It was very safe and predictable and i did not get the same feeling like with the other books that i had no idea where the story would eventually end up. However by being so safe i think that it sets up the finale perfectly. The calm before the storm type of idea etc. etc. In many ways it was like a change-up for strike two in a baseball game. It got the strike, didnt blow you away, but set you up to be blown away by an overpowering strike three.<br/><br/>(spoiler question)<br/><br/>Anyone think that maybe the vow in chapter two tied in to the end in more that one way?
 GREAT BOOK AND AMAZING SERIES. My favorite series of all time! Highly recommend reading these. You will not regret it!
 Harry Potter 6 is shorter than the last 2 books but don't let size fool you. There are many major events that occur in the book like-<br/><br/>  * A new Minister of Magic<br/><br/>  * A new Death Eater<br/><br/>  * Harry discovers Voldemort's past and some important<br/><br/>  character traits of Voldemort.<br/><br/>  * A most shocking death<br/><br/>There are more events and the book is rather incomplete at times. There isn't much about Harry and his classes except his potion class. Harry recieves much help from the mysterious Half Blood Prince and suddenly becomes a genius in Potions. There are also many deaths in the wizarding community and the people are fearful and many students have been sent home. Harry is often called the "Chosen One" by the Daily Prophet. The Ministry is desperate and wants Harry's help.<br/><br/>There is also a lot about Harry's love life and Ron and Hermione fighting because of jealousy. Harry is also Captain of the Quidditch team.<br/><br/>All in all, it is a wonderful book and it gives hints about Harry's seventh year. You may have to read in twice to understand it all but it is worth it.
 This book, like all the rest was hard to put down. This world of wizardry and  witchcraft<br/> Captivates me like no other book ever has!!
 Darker yet again then any of the previous offerings and by far more emotional. It is the ability of this book to envoke emotion that makes it so good.<br/><br/>I do not want to say more lest I give anything away but the ending is sad, happy, pointedly linear and questioningly open ended all at the same time.<br/><br/>An incredible read that I shall start again tomorrow =)
 J.K Rowling has pulled off another stellar Harry Potter. Because the amount of time it takes to complete a 7-part series, I thought she'd run out of steam, but clearly she has not. After seeing what happened with King towards the end of the Dark Towers series, I was afraid another renowned writer might do the same. I was pleasantly disappointed. There is nothing else to say. Great book. She keeps the series rolling perfectly. Some of the goings on (people who've read the story should know what I'm talking about) I believe are front for other plans, and I was not heart broken at the end.<br/><br/>I can't believe she gave Paolini a good review for Eragon though.
 This book was i think dark but more light hearted than the 5th book.It has love and action all roled into 652 or 658 page.If you buy it i'm telling you you won't be able to put it down.My mom got it for me and i started reading it right away.i stayed up till like 3:00 in the MORNING I had to force my self to put it down.i read the first chapeter and was hooked but the secound reeled me in. The only problem i think was it was too short.I'll give you a hint though the HBP is NOT hagrid.well read and enjoy.<br/><br/>  p.s while your reading it if you have younger siblings who refuse to read the books love but LOoooooooooooooooove the movies.....get them agitated by when your half way through the book gasp and say "oh no!RON GET"S KILLED BY Voldemort(trust me that doesn't happen)"<br/><br/>  bye
 I must admit, I am surprised! Surprised with some blokes out there that read this book and bash it just because they're far too thick to understand or have an insight as to the events that happened in the book. It's also funny how melodramatic some people are getting and saying that they don't want to read Harry Potter again just because of the characters that are dying. Moving on, I must admit that the book does leave a few unanswered questions and I do think that the book was a sort of preparation for the final book more than anything else. Now the reason why I wrote this was to give my views regarding events in the story that other people found surprising and disappointing. I don't intend to convince other people to like the book neither will I care if they say that I'm just a delusional Potter fanatic.<br/><br/>The Snogging: Yes, I agree it was a little bit too much. All the flirting did little to advance the story other than being a filler for the more important events.<br/><br/>Harry's hookup: Some were saying it came out of nowhere. I don't think so. It mentioned in the book that Harry had spent a lot of time with Ginny over the summer, although I assume that Ron and Hermione were also around(HBP,p.136). Obviously, it was his time spent with Ginny and the fact that she was no longer shy around him and was able to carry on a conversation, that made him develop a certain kind of attraction for her.<br/><br/>Ron and Hermione: Although this would come as no surprise to any Potter fan, i can't believe there are still some people stupid enough to ask, how did it happen? All I can say is, "What books have you been reading?!!." Hermione was not suddenly just in love with Ron and vice versa. It did not just pop out of nowhere. This has been brewing for a long time and this love angle has been hinted at by Rowling over the past 2 books if I believe. I suggest you read between the lines whenever the two are having a row with each other. A more explicit example would be Ron's irritation whenever Victor Krum comes to the fore.<br/><br/>Scrimgeour and Slughorn: Some have said that the new characters, played no important part in the story or were unnecessary. With regards to Scrimgeour, I agree, although I expect him to have a more prominent role in the last book. As for Slughorn, I don't know how you can even say he wasn't important. Slughorn was the one who provided the crucial memory for Dumbledore. He gave us the information as to why Voldemort is immortal and how he can be killed although I admit, he didn't do it willingly. You can't get any more important than that.<br/><br/>Snape: They say that he has lost his complexity as a character by killing Dumbledore, showing his allegiance to Voldemort and thus, becoming the stereotypical villain-traitor. But has he really? I think that's what Rowling would want us to expect. It's a little too obvious and straightforward. I ought to expect that you would know Rowling by now after 5 books. In the world of Harry Potter, nothing is ever what it seems. It would be so easy to detest Snape after what he did. I remember Rowling saying she's happy with book 6 because it does what she intends it to do. Hmm...<br/><br/>Dumbledore is STUPID!!!: First of all, let me just say, "How dare you?!!!." I can't believe that some would easily dismiss him as such after supposedly being so trusting of Snape and getting killed. Hasn't Dumbledore proven enough in the past 5 books that he has more grip on the events happening in the wizarding world than any of us ever will. Do you honestly think he will be lured into death that easily unless of course, he himself had willed it to happen? Ah, now there's an idea.<br/><br/>Don't you also find it odd that Dumbledore would plead for mercy from Snape? Wouldn't that be uncharacteristic of him when Dumbledore himself had said to Voldemort, "indeed your failure to understand that there are things much worse than death has always been your greatest weakness?"  Now I know that some bloke had already mentioned this, but I'd much rather think that Dumbledore is a man who stood by his ideas and principles rather than cower at the face of death. I think that his death meant something more and wasn't for no reason at all.<br/><br/>I think that it is probable that Dumbledore's pleas to Snape was for him to do what he had agreed to do. I also believe this to be the reason why Snape had that look of revulsion and hatred in his face (HBP,p.595). He didn't really want to do it. To support this idea, let me also refresh your memory with a previous encounter between the two. Snape and Dumbledore had an argument which Hagrid overheard regarding something Snape didn't want to do anymore but Dumbledore reminded him he agreed to it(HBP,p. 405). Isn't that a little bit curious? This event happened after Harry had told Dumbledore about Snape's Unbreakable Vow.<br/><br/>Don't you think that if Dumbledore didn't know what he was doing, he would have already stopped trusting Snape? Because this suggested that Snape, in doing the Unbreakable Vow was still a Death Eater otherwise, why would he be willing to give up his life just to prove that he would help Malfoy? But alas, no, Dumbledore still trusted Snape completely as he said himself. As a matter of fact, he went as far to tell Harry after having been told of Snape's Unbreakable Vow that Harry might consider the possibility that he, Dumbledore, understood it more than Harry did. Now I reckon that's strange, don't you?<br/><br/>Snape's Remorse: I agree with most people that the reason why Dumbledore trusted Snape completely was a little to feeble. Obviously, there has to be something more to this story than what we've been told by Rowling. I don't think Rowling would make out Dumbledore to be that stupid to fall for something like that. The only reason I could think of, although it is a little farfetched and may have come straight out of Loony Lovegood's mouth, is that Snape truly did feel remorse. He did feel remorse not for James, whom we all know he loathed too much, but for Lily. I believe Lily was the only one who defended Snape when he was taunted by James and Sirius. I also acknowledge the fact that Snape did call Lily a mudblood. But the fact that we now know that Snape, himself is a mudblood  changes the circumstances. I think the fact that Snape called Lily a mudblood was more due to the fact that he belonged to Slytherine house rather than what he really felt towards her. Well I guess after that digression you could all call me Loony.<br/><br/>Well I guess that's all I have to say about that. It's a pity how some people need to have something slapped in their face for them to see or understand it. If that's the kind of story you want then I guess Rowling isn't the author for you. Find a book where everything is plain and simple and you'd be much happier. For the people who are saying that Rowling seems to have rushed the book because it lacked the complexity, the surprises, and the magic that we've come to expect from her work, I suggest that you try to read it a little more carefully next time even if you have to endure all the mushy-mushy stuff all over again. I know that I may not be right in the things that I have deduced and i'm not saying you should believe me, after all they are just my opinions. One thing i'm sure of, however, is that the story is not as simple as what the others have thought it out to be. Just believe that Rowling knows what she is doing. After all, she had planned what was to happen in the series years ago.<br/><br/>Just to answer a question made by Jasmine from California:<br/><br/>How can Kreacher and Dobbie apparate in in Hogwarts? As Rowling said herself in her website, house-elves have a different brand of magic that allows them to do it. I believe that it is necessary for their jobs. How do you expect them to do their jobs at Hogwarts unseen? Plus, Hogwarts is a huge place, they certainly would need to apparate with all the tidying up they have to do. Just a thought.<br/><br/>To Mary Smith Bbbooks: The ring wasn't the only thing that Voldemort needed. He also needed other things such as the locket and Hufflepuff's cup. The ring served no other purpose than for his Horcrux. It wasn't a source of power like in LOTR.
 I have read the series through several times, but I can't tire of it.  It still makes me laugh, smile, and cry.  Especially this one.
 Book was just as described, arrived quickly and I enjoyed it for the 5th or 6th time.
 But I have to say that Half-Blood Prince lacks the depth of the earlier HP installment. Especially book 5 and book 3 were examples of what a writer like JKr is able to do with the story and the characters.<br/>Even the ideas of the Horcrux, the background of Tom Riddle's family and the genius of Severus Snape is very impressing, I still wonder what had happend to the other fantastic figures like Neville, Luna and some more of them? Book 5 gave the reader the impression of something is changing between aunt Petunia and Harry. He suddenly could see the sister of his mother in her, not just the unnerving aunt. This could have been something for the storyline. There is more in store but she and the Dursleys were cut off. That's a shame.<br/>The way Harry handled Sirius death was not very satisfying and didn't convince me as a reader.<br/>Even the background of Tom Riddles'development from a cooly, quite cruel and abusive child into ever so evil lord Voldemort couldn't convince me. The way JKR described his evolution made feel uneasy, gave me collywoobles.<br/>Harry is not to critise. He is ruled by mental and emotional blindness, not towards his friends and people he likes of course  but towards all he doesn't like. Still it's not clear (from my point of view) if his "mother's eyes" really will help him to overcome his prejudices.
 Amazing, simply put. Harry's adventure takes a turn for the worse. With his friends, Harry will be put through a terrific experience and so will you
 To be honest, this is my favorite of all the Harry Potter's. In my opinion the most happens in this book and there is a little bit more Romance than the others.  :)
 Just like all the others before. An adventure to be enjoyed from start to finish.
 I would recommend this book to everyone!! J .K . Rowling is a wonderful author, the caring story between Dumbledore and Harry Potter is both compassionate and dangerous  in the dark times they are living in.
 It's hard to rate a Harry Potter book, because compared to alot of other books in general all the Harry Potters are amazing. However, in comparison to the other books, I felt like this one lack a super-strong plot. The half blood prince plot lacks that flowing complexity to its plot that the other books had. Also, the romance got to be a little to much. Honestly, if you really wanted to read romance, read Gone with the Wind or Pride and Predjudice, but it gets a little annoying in HP. Even though, you get to learn about Voldemort's past, which is cool. I'd definitely recommend all the Harry Potter books, they're all wonderful.
 I love getting to know more about Voldermort and to understand his obsession with power and what makes him the ultimate villain! Once again amazing job by the amazing J.K....20th time I've read this particular book and I never get tired of it!
 HBP shows how far Harry's come. He's a man now, albeit a young man, but he's not prone to swearing and trantrums like he was in OOTP.<br/><br/>But parents be warned, there are more mature themes in this book i.e. relationships and drinking. I would hold off on letting youngsters read this book, otherwise the morals stay the same. HP continues to be a story of good v.s. evil with REAL PEOPLE dealing with REAL life situations. I'm sick and tired of all this values debate that keeps going on between readers and those who judge the book without reading it.
 Still one of my favorite series!
 I love all the Harry Potter Books
 The audiobooks of the Harry Potter series are amazingly entertaining.  Jim Dale, the performer who gives voice to scores of characters in each of the six books so far, is incredible.  With relatives in the midwestern U.S., we drive there twice each year from the mid-Atlantic region.  What is normally a tedious drive just flys by thanks to these audiobooks.  It's the one thing we can play in the car that all ages in our family enjoy.  Rowling's imagination and Dale's performance are magical wonders in their own right.
 Die-hard Harry Potter fans (like me) will certainly fall under Rowling's magical spell once again. While the book can sometimes be a bit wordy and repetitive, she has done an exceptional job of laying the groundwork for what should be a climactic conclusion. Not only do we come to understand why "he who must not be named" turned to the darkside, but we also learn exactly what Harry must do to (hopefully) destroy him once and for all. Readers beware-the ending will leave you reaching for the tissues and feeling like a dementor has sucked the happiness right out of you.
 The whole Harry Potter series is amazing.  I saw the movies up to the 5th one, so the 6th was a complete surprise to me.
 Long time lover of the Harry Potter series, I recently re-read books 1-7 after signing up with kindle unlimited. I grew up with the series and feel, as many do, part of this magical world. If you haven't already, start from the beginning and get engrossed in the magical world of Harry Potter!
 Very interesting story gives you an insight of what is to come in the next book and what to look forward to<br/>Pete
 J. K. did it again! This will change the way you look at the series. Voldemort is alive and in the wizarding world. The Death Eaters evil deeds are spreading and threatening the muggle world. Dementors are everywhere stealing hope, light and happiness. The questions about about Harry and whether he is the 'chosen one' and Hermione and Ron have their own challenges with deciding what course to take for the N.E.W.Ts. This is great reading! Now on to book 7. Yeah!
 Very good read I highly recommend it
 Read Half Blood Prince, again!!!!! Still a Great read!!!!! Looking forward to Deadly Hallows, Again!!!!! A Great Series!!!!!Thank you Amazon and Kindle!!!!!
 Again, a trip to the world of Harry Potter does not dissapoint. Rowling is truly a gifted writer; why else would I, a 35 year old, wait anxiously for my "Amazoned" copy? Finally, the relationships develop and give hope to the next generation of wizards and witches, Harry matures as he grieves for Sirius, and the inevitabilities come crashing down. I sense a greater twist for the next book, but until then I will guess, incorrectly, I suppose, at what it will give us. I am so saddened now, because of the end of this twisted tale and because the wait begins again.<br/><br/>What a treat these books will be for readers for many, many years to come.
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is a really good story with somewhat adult ideas, but childish ways of expressing them. A lot of surprises within the book that raise a lot of questions. JK will be most unpleased that a book which she thought would end all questions and queries will in turn raise more. This book focuses more on the dark side - while Order of the Phoenix showed us what the good side were doing in preparation, the Half Blood Prince shows us what the bad side has done for preparation  By bad side I mean Voldemort ;)] It details a lot on his generation's life and thus, his life. Among all the surprises in store for us, some of the surprises will leave the readers dejected and unhappy and cause them to hate the book, but the way I saw it - the 'unfortunate' surprises just made us wonder even more about how Harry would vanquish Voldemort with so much against him. For those of you guessing about the Half Blood Prince, you might as well stop - he doesn't play such a significant part in the story (The actual identity of the Prince does, but the Prince as the Half Blood Prince doesn't). Anyway, the most important parts of the story have to do with Felix Felicis, Draco Malfoy, Lavender, The Gryffindor kids, Dumbledore and (of course) Voldemort. Also, Moaning Myrtle returns in this book ;). All in all, Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince will keep you engrossed till you have finished it.
 U must read harry potter 6th the half blooded prince it was by far the best book she has written and while the first 2 chapters might be a little boring please hang in there it is well worth the wait. i have never wanted to read the next book more. not only is there a great love story in there but there is a betrayal that you will never forget.<br/><br/>*here comes the spoiler....*<br/><br/>its about time with harry and ginny and hermione and ron<br/><br/>i did not expect tonks and lupin<br/><br/>while before draco was on the same level as dudley he has now made dudley look like a god.<br/><br/>and how dare snape kill dumbledore the one person who trusted him<br/><br/>and if snape pulls that nonsense about bhaving to do it or the dark lord would not forgive hime i will probaly throw the book in disgust<br/><br/>though dumbledore did not die in vain his loss will always be felt throughtout the wizarding community.<br/><br/>but much to dumbledore delight he has now trained harry not only to fight with his instincts but to fight with his heart and his head.<br/><br/>i can't wait for the next one
 Personally I was very much disappointed with this latest Harry Potter installment. I mean, it was still a quite enjoyable read, and I never get tired of Harry, Ron, and Hermione. But seriously consider this as a literary work. The other books had themes (that were developed, not just merely presented), symbolism, and real, new character growth. Plus, let's face it, a lot of important stuff happened plot wise as well. This brings me to a question. What exactly was the plot of this novel? I mean, every other book had to do with something (3rd was about Harry's encounters with Sirius at Hogwarts, 4th was about the Triwizard Tournament, etc.) So I mean, what was the plot, and how was it developed over the course of the entire novel? And not to sound like a great bore, but the middle act seemed more like a ridiculous soap opera rather than a real story. And ultimately, this book was written entirely for the purpose of building up to book seven, I book I know will be spectacular.
 As usual, Rowling has given us an adventure in surprises. I really like how she thinks these stories up !!
 Very solid and entertaining book. Picks up early and has many twists along the way. Sets up the next very well
 It just gets better and better. The story, the character development,it's fabulous. It's writing at its best. Everyone will enjoy it.
 Two things:<br/><br/>First, this book is incomplete in that it comes across as the first part of the last book, and the last part will probably add all the twists and turns to the events of this one. Therefore, it is impossible to fully review this book without having read the next one.<br/><br/>Second, the reason I gave this 2 stars (below average) is that I was bored reading it - I started dozing off because of the book, whereas the other Harry Potters had kept me up at night. There was too much fluff, too much cheese (teenage romance is one of the major themes), and too much of the same old same old. Many of the scenes and describtions were clumbsy to boot.<br/><br/>As an add on, this was the weakest link in the series, and I recommend people just skim the first two-thirds of the novel. In the last third the pace does pick up, but I'm getting tired of the same old plot; Harry gets by on luck, bravery, and apparently his ability to love. However, he's clearly not the sharpest tool in the shed. This book would have been better had J.K. cut out or condensed about 200 pages of it.
 Another entertaining and fun romp in the world of Harry Potter.
 The end was very shocking to me. The only reason I started reading this series is because my son was and it seemed to be very controversial. I wanted to see what all the fuss was about. I got hooked. Each book grew along with Harry and I can't wait for more. It is great.
 This book is, overall, better than the last one. Although I just have to say one thing: in the past the title Harry Potter and ... is certifying that the ... is of purely significance in the novel, but this time, the Half-Blood Prince is not really all that significant so much as he betrayed Dumbledore and killed him. As for the Half-Blood Prince, I did not find very hard to guess who he might be, and I would disagree that the revelation was as surprising as the third book in which Sirius Black is revealed as a good guy and Ron's pet rat was the bad guy. But overall, what shocked me the most was Rowling's sudden turn-over (so to speak) of her clues she left us for five years on not so much as anything as a whim. So suddenly, Harry Potter became the clever dude and was right in pretty much every one of his suspicions. So suddenly, Dumbledore, the Dumbledore was wrong for once not trusting Harry. And suddenly (which I find most disappointing and disgusting) we were right about Snape being the bad guy after all like we were five years ago. I thought Rowling used the character of Snape to teach us that we shouldn't judge a book by its cover, that just because someone looked bad doesn't mean he is bad. But now she totally made a perversion of it with her sixth book. So now the character we all hate became all the bad guys, Harry Potter was right for once and two of our most beloved characters are dead. I think I'm smelling one should say: appeal to readers of both young and old, don't you? Silly me, thinking Rowling is one of the more special, unordinary writers. Hey, maybe next year she'll use the same tactic and we will find out that Snape is, in fact, good, and he killed Dumbledore to prove loyalty to Voldemort.<br/><br/>  As for the fluffy love stories, can I just say, I could care less. Although the part where Harry kissed Ginny and everyone was staring was pretty funny, I actually laughed. But I just have to say, not every teenage growing up stories have to involve such fluffiness. I mean, I am eighteen, and I have never involved in such fluffiness in my whole entire life, and neither did any of my friends. I had a few guy-friends, and I had a crush on a couple of them sure, but never so much as just a thought or feeling instead of being love-sick. Seriously, I was very happy and considered very normal to not be in the crowd of fluffy high school people. If Rowling had eliminate the fluffiness down so that the fluffiness is only about one percent of the book, my rating for Harry Potter would go considerable higher, this just proves yet again that Rowling is not a un-clichéd writer.<br/><br/>Finally I just want to point out that Dumbledore's death did not wince me as much as Black's death. I even said it's about time the old guy died, I mean, it's probably the only logical high-point of the entire book. That Dumbledore isn't as invincible and wise as he seemed, and sooner or later his constant throwing himself into danger is gonna cost him his life. But as I said, Snape killing him is just not thrilling me.
 I like how the complexity and maturity of the characters and the tone with each book. I almost cried when Dumbledore died and his funeral..
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is arguably the best Potter book to date.  Certainly there is as much magic and mayhem in Prince as in the first five books, but in her newest release, Jo gives us something the other books couldn't: she gives us what we've been waiting for.  Perhaps it was predictable who would die at the end, perhaps we all knew where the romantic inclinations of Harry, Ron and Hermione would go.  We knew WHAT, but we didn't know HOW.  Now we've got the whole story, and what remains (in book 7) is the climactic end of Voldemort (we hope!), and the revelation of Harry's ultimate fate.  I can't wait to see how it turns out.  The ending of this book leaves you craving the next, more so than any of the books previous.  Half-Blood Prince by far accomplishes what it sets out to do, and in that respect (and in all others, in my opinion), it is wholly satisfying.<br/><br/>Could any other author conjure so much enthusiasm for his/her work?  None has yet.  Rowling is one of a kind.  Buy Half-Blood Prince.  You won't be sorry.
 I was so shocked at how J.K. Rowling decided to portray some of the characters in this book.(if you haven't read this book yet SPOILER ALERT) I was so sad that Dumbledore died. I think it was really sweet that Harry had a crush on Ginny (and Ron and Hermione together). It's another wonderful book from J.K. Rowling and I would recommend it.
 J.K. Rolwing knows no bounds when it comes to setting a limit to poor Harry Potter's (and reader's) despair!  The sixth Harry Potter book has much more character development and introduces far fewer new wizarding concepts.  While it is not my favorite of the series-that spot is held by book number three-"Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is a fantastic piece of work.
 I've now read most of the series. The author, J.K. Rowling of course, truly awakens the inner child who still believes in magic. Adult or not. She has the most wondrous way of guiding you through this magical world of Harry Potter's as if you were going to Hogwarts and preparing for battle against Voldemort yourself. Love these books. I can only hope, I think I speak for my soul as well, that she writes many more. Truly SPECTACULAR!!!!
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince...my, my, where to begin? Okay, first, everyone who reads this review must discard what you have heard about it not being as good as Order of the Phoenix. This is not true. Also, forget everything you ever heard about the death at the end being so terribly unexpected...cause it wasn't.<br/><br/>Oaky, now we can get someplace. Half-Blood Prince is somewhat different from the other books in that it's more like a glance into Tom Riddle's life. This is important for Harry, because he cannot vanquish Voldemort without knowing what made him...well, Voldemort. It is also different (particularly from the Order of the Phoenix, to which it was so cruelly compared) because it is more like a book filled with suspense rather than action. So in the end, it turns out more like a mystery, than a "Oh my God, we can't have DA meetings anymore!"-not that thats a bad thing, but it was nice to have something different. So it isn't a question of, "Is this book better or worse?" it's a statement of, "It's different."<br/><br/>Ah, now we come to the tragic death. Okay, ya it's really sad and makes you want to cry, but it isn't totally unexpected. And to get rid of rumors, it isn't Fred or George or Hermione or Ron that dies, okay?<br/><br/>And moving on...this book seemed to be a bit more choppy in the writing style than the others, but that doesn't keep you from being on the edge of your seat the entire time.<br/><br/>Okay, before I close this review, I just want to say that if you haven't read this, you definitely should. Even though it may not be as action packed as expected, it definitely sets you up for the last and final book. You learn alot about Voldemort, start to feel pity (as well as more and more hate) for Draco Malfoy, and J.K. proves that Snape is EVIL!!!!...not to mention that there is more romance in this book than in any other, and I find it kinda refreshing, although I wouldn't gear those scenes towards little kids...
 J.K. Rowling usually had me in my bed reading her books for hours, but my heart just wasn't really into it this time. I don't know, maybe I was excpecting something more. If this book was by any other author, I would have given it 5 stars. J.K. Rowling is the best author ever, and I KNOW I will love the 7th book. This book is extremely sad, and some of my friends actually cried once they read it.<br/><br/>I will not tell you who died, but chances are you already know. All I can say is I hope Harry or Ron or Hermione DOES NOT die in the next book. You never know with J.K.<br/><br/>Not J.K.'s best book, but and awsome book all the same. I will not explain what happens in the book, because you are going to buy it anyways if you are an HP fan, and if you are new you have to buy the others before this one, and if you don't like HP go live in a hole.<br/><br/>HAVE A NICE TIME READING THIS BOOK!
 Love the entire series! Sorry for it to end! Pre-ordered the Cursed Child &amp; can't wait to start it!! Can't get enough of Harry, Hermione, Ron &amp; all the characters!
 Each successive volume in the Harry Potter series has evidenced the maturing of J.K. Rowling as a writer, as well as Harry Potter as a wizard and an individual.  This episode retains all the elements that have made the earlier volumes enchanting - creativity, a plot that moves along seamlessly, good characters.  What's added is real depth of character development, especially with Harry and his father/son relationship to Professor Dumbledore.  The adolescent "snogging" was a bit wearisome after a while - no, very wearisome - but overall the book was a delight.
 I'm pleased with the progression of the series.  I started reading these with my son when they first came out.  He has 'aged' with the characters.  The content and storyline are advancing and altering right along with the characters and hence, my son.  I hope that sharing this series will help him to develop a lifelong love of reading!  Thanks for keeping things moving.  We have spent a lot of time together over these books and that is something invaluable.
 This book will take you through a roller coaster of emotions ang feelings. I like this book because all of the action and drama mixed together. I highly suggest this book if you like to just lay back and read for a couple of hours. Although you have to because it is to long. This book is at the reading level for ages 13 through 18. Mostly adults read this book. I know, the length scared me too. I read it in about three weeks though and ths review is for a grade. This book is not for the traveling type. I really wouldn't take it anywhere.  I had to read this book because I read all of the other books in this series. I also recommend it for audiobook if you do travel frequently.  If you are thinking of buying this book than don't hesetate, Buy it now!
 Amazing; an incredibly emotional story that sets the scene for the wizard war that is to come.
 My entire family is comprised of Harry Potter fans. Like all Harry Potter books, you get the book in your hand for the first time and you just want to devour it. There was SO much I wanted to know.<br/><br/>With Book 6, while there was much to think about, at the same time I didn't feel the resolution I had hoped--Kinda like the Season 1 finale of 'Lost'. Character development has tapered off a bit, though the many shades of each do continue to amuse.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the Half Blood Prince parts the most, and found the Horcrux parts interesting but 'obvious' and thought they were a cheap/lame way to set things up for book 7. Upon multiple readings, they became downright tedious. A few of them were more interesting than others.<br/><br/>Luna is one of my favorite characters and I hope Rowling flesches her out a lot more in 7.<br/><br/>Who killed off whom in the book was no surprise to me, either; not so obvious, not predictable, but yet...<br/><br/>Interestingly, I found the Malfoy clan delightfully written. Narcissa, Draco and Bellatrix all showed admirable signs of vulnerability, as far as Voldy is concerned. 'Spinner's end' and 'Sectumsempra' chapters were intriguing and a delight.<br/><br/>Harry gets downright ballsy, as well. Although at the end he is too determined and has a stereotypical hero mentality.<br/><br/>Gotta say, not a big fan of Ginny's, wish there were more Neville and the twins. Fleur adds a bit of amusement as well.<br/><br/>Ron and Hermione...ah, where to begin?! My aunt said that this series has got to be the longest Harlequin romance ever--I would have to agree. Although, I did find their increasing tenderness and vulnerability endearing.<br/><br/>The children seem a bit more mature than even the most mature 16 year old could conceive of being. That's sort of annoying.<br/><br/>Given that I was sort of disappointed with book 6 the first time through, having had similar feelings of book 5, and having delighted in subsequent reads of book 5, thought, nah, let me re-read it a few times and see how it goes. Bad idea. more and more painful, more and more forgettable.<br/><br/>But, still, you gotta love Harry!
 *SPOILER ALERT*<br/><br/>Well, you were warned. Here I go!<br/><br/>I began reading the HARRY POTTER series when my mom read the first book to my brother and I about a year after it first came out. Now in my late teens, I am a Potter-holic. I went to the midnight release party at Hastings, and proceeded to read all night, finishing the book in less then 12 hours.<br/><br/>There are lots of new characters. Harry and Dumbledore delve back into Voldemort's past quite a bit, and Dumbledore retains a serious injury through one of Voldemort's *possesions*. You never see the current Voldemort in this book; you see the past Voldemort and hear about the current one.<br/><br/>This book is lots darker than any other book I've read, I wouldn't suggest it to people under the age of 10. It's written amazingly well; JK Rowling is one of my favorite authors.<br/><br/>*SPOILER!!!!*<br/><br/>I bawled for a staight hour and a half when Dumblore was murdered, and I wanted to kill Snape myself. How could Snape just ...murder someone who had refused to see the evil in him? And always trusted Snape when no one else did? Made him the Defense Against Dark Arts teacher? How could Snape be so twisted and evil?<br/><br/>In conclusio...<br/><br/>HARRY POTTER AND THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE is an absolutley amazing book, this series will be around for a long, long time.
 I'm not convinced that anyone actually died in this book.  The death of a certain characters is to say the least "suspicious".  Don't beleive me?  Reread the book and watch for hints that Rowling drops that this is all a set-up. Mark my words, this character will return and how Harry will act towards said character for deceiving him will be most ineresting.  Then again Rowling is a begrudingly good author and could be teasing readers like me.  However, I don't believe that Rowling could kill off one of her favorite and best characters in such an unbecoming manner.
 Another great story with Harry and the gang once again plunged into overwhelming circumstances.  This time around, the story gets more grim as the dark lord's true intentions are slowly revealed.  A must read for any diehard Potter fan!
 I finished this book in a week. (This is a good thing since it took me a year to finish #5). #6 started off quick and kept going, which I loved. Loved that Harry was becoming more mature, falling in love etc etc. Can't wait for #7 because Harry is going to kick some Voldemort Butt,(and possibly Snape's too, if we find out he truly is evil, which I'm still sitting on the fence over). I don't think I can wait two years for the #7.
 Love these books and can't decide which is my favorite.  I have the hardcovers as well as the Ebooks and pick them up when I'm between other reads
 It's well written plotting setup for the last one, necessary for the set and you have to read it to understand the complete story. But the flow is not as great as book 3-5.  Much of the memory digging and analysis are bit too static like staged play compared to movie like flow in book 3-5.<br/><br/>Potter's development is still more intuitive than creative/methodological, kind of worries one whether he is strong enough to deal with the V. without help of luck, supernature instinct and inhereited rightful power etc., hard to convince one Harry will be there after V's decades of evolving.<br/><br/>In the magic world, Mr. D could have played dead and make a surprising comback.  Mr. S might just try to gain trust and access from Mr.V.  If none of these scenarios is used in the finale, it will be kind of hard to believe Harry will be quick to create some commanding power/magic to overcome the darkness.<br/><br/>But JKR never stops surprising everyone, does she?
 I was so excited for this book to come out and when it did I was dissapointed (no, no, not because it was bad) because first, my mom wanted to read it, then, my sister wanted to read it, then, I FINALLY GOT TO READ IT! And I just finished yesterday! Wow...what a great book! It was definitely more fluffy than previous ones(which in my opinion was awesome!) so it's a bit more into the teen stuff than before since they're all now 15, 16, and 17. It was definitely sad with the character that dies (but I won't give anything away, unlike some people: eh hem, what I mean by that is that I went to a site and to the Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire movie message board and somebody posted exactly who died and who killed them right on the title line, so they had pretty much ruined the big surprise for me), but overall this was a great read! Definitely ranking up top notch in my favorite colum, now it and The Goblet of Fire are my absolute faves!!<br/><br/>○*○You're doing a fantabulous job JK, can't wait for the seventh book! I'm sure it'll be great!○*○
 I love all the Harry Potter books.  Reading for the fourth time.  They are engaging and well-written.
 The Half Blood Prince is a transition from the typical year at Hogwarts to more serious times. Nicely balanced with romance.
 Excellent book! Super suspenseful and answers a lot of question, but poses many more.
 This book really is a gift to all the die hard potter fans. Filled with deep history and true friendship. It gets better each time you read it!
 Following up on the excellent Order of the Pheonix with this book was a huge letdown. While a decent book in its own right, knowing what J.K. Rowling is capable of, this book is probably the weakest of the series so far. While there is a death at the end that is upsetting, the final chapter seems weak and forced. It seemed like the whole book was just a setup for book 7, which, although I look forward to reading it when it comes out, I am not as excited as I have been thus far with the series. While the rest of the series is filled with twists and turns throughout, this starts strong then seems to drift along to the end. The rest of the series I read in one sitting. This one I plodded along with as it plodded along.<br/><br/>Another thing to note: as Harry Potter gets older, his experiences become more mature. While the first and maybe the second book are OK for younger children, the older Harry gets, the older his audience should be.
 This is one of the most interesting books in the Harry Potter series yet.  It wasnt what I expected it to be, because it wasn't the same old Harry Potter books that J.K. Rowling is known for writing.  I wasn't surprised to see who died in the end, yet I definitly didn't want it to happen. This book explained a lot about Lord Voldemort's life and what Harry has to do to destroy him. I am eagerly waiting for the seventh book but I know I am probably going to have to wait another 2 years. But all around this is one of the best Harry Potter books I have read.
 Another reviewer described HBP as 'serviceable,' and I would have to agree. This is clearly not Rowling's best work, but it doesn't have to be in order to be enjoyable or an effective build-up to the final chapter of Rowling's 7part series. Until the very end, HBP follows a pace similar to that of Rowling's earlier novels, in which we are privy to the mundanities of Harry's life - not the ever-present threat of drama. While this ultimately slows the book down, I appreciate it. I don't think JKR meant for the plot to be rushed forward at such a crucial point - this wasn't the time for scenes heavily laden with action, as we were given in Book 5. Explanation and clarification doesn't have to be dramatic...in fact, it can be downright dull (although I would argue against that description in the case of HBP), but the expanse of Harry Potter and his world has certainly broadened, allowing for a fuller understanding of what is to come (and what has to come) in the final book.<br/><br/>HBP is no Azkaban, but it delivers.
 Wow!  I'm 21 and Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince evoked emotions in me I had never experienced in a book!  This is the most adult-themed book of the entire series and I thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of it.  Yes, it was dark and forboding and sad, but really, that's how life can become as we get older anyway.  Harry and all the other kids grow up so much in these 700+ pages and it's a real joy to be able to relate to them on a new level now.<br/><br/>Btw, I brought this book with me on vacation as something to read on the way there and back.  Well...I read this in the car there, on every 5 minute trip to a restaurant, in the hotel room, on the beach...  I couldn't put it down!  Great great book!!!
 This book was sooooo good. though not as long as the previous two this book sure packed a lot of punch. I recieved my copy right at 12 Pm july 16th at a harry potter party at our local libray and was finished reading it the same time the next night. I was a bit upset about a few things(I shall not mention for those who have not read the book.) and the book does seem to go through events rather quickly towards middle of the book. I think Rowling was trying to fit in a lot of stuff in one book that could have been put in the last book which would have made this new not as crammed as information. I have to reread it again because there was so much I have to read it again to let it all sink in. Though it was a lot to take in it was a very good book and I don't know if I can wait for a year for the HP book (I wonder what the name of it is;)
 Okay, the whole idea is really clever.  These books are not brilliant like Tolkien or anything, but I loved the concept of witches and muggles, Hogwarts school, the sorting hat, even the Dursleys.  Hermione is a wonderful female character (smart and brave) and Ron... well, the whole Weasley family is a hoot. And Harry is a convincingly conflicted adolescent.  I liked the first book the best.  The second, third and fourth run together in my mind, I confess, but I did enjoy them as well, as they expanded on the original themes.  I thought the fifth book was much too long, especially learning yet AGAIN the same "secret" that Voldemort and Harry are, um, somewhat connected.  The sixth book was a refreshing change, I rather liked the back story on Tom Riddle, and I suspect the ending is not at all what it seems...<br/><br/>But the REAL reason I read these books is because everyone else is reading them.  This is part of our culture, and especially part of my CHILDREN'S culture (they are 9 and 15), so that reading these books is part of being culturally literate. (I have to rent the old "Star Trek" episodes for my son for the same reason, else how will he ever know why his mother sometimes compares our President's views on foreign policy to those of Captain Kirk?)  Buy the books, and enjoy!
 love love love. I own the whole series. I love all her books. she is a great author. One of my favs.
 Not as good as the book, but nice to see the book come to life.
 This book was great! You laugh at all the different things Harry and his classmates get into. You get upset right along with Harry when evil things start happening. Your heart does a flip for Harry when you find out who he likes. If you have a vivid imagination you will scream at the scary stuff that Harry goes through. And I swear you will cry at the end of 652 pages, for both the story and the fact that it will be another two years before the next book comes out. I guess Harry Potter fans will just have to be content that the next movie is coming out this year.
 This book is perfection itself. It is perfect and it will always be perfect, as well as remain in my heart forever. =)
 Fantastic.  Reread Book 5 in anticipation of reading book 6 so all the details would be fresher in my mind.  It was absolutely fantastic!  I couldn't put it down.  My husband read it first and I wouldn't let him tell me anything.  Harry is growing up and becoming a man, he shows grit and courage in this book.  J. K. Rowling just continues to evolve her characters brilliantly.  I especially enjoyed the fact that she built upon the teenage angst begun in book 4 so that it is totally believable. I cannot say enough good things about this book, which while I think book 4 is really good, book 6 is the best of the series so far.  I will truly be sorry to see the saga end and I am 42 and have read all the previous books at least 3 times apiece, seen and own all the movies so far.  Keep up the good work, Ms. Rowling.  Waiting with baited breath for book 7 and the movie on book 4.  Don't miss out on a stupendous adventure with Harry Potter.  Read the book, it will be worth it.
 In this next-to-last volume of the epic series, Professor Dumbledore shares hidden secrets with Harry about his foremost adversary - Voldemort. Harry makes an unusual discovery in Potions class that serves him well, but even so, another great friend is lost. Also, a surprising someone now stands with the Dark Lord. If you are a Harry Potter fan, you've got to read this book to find out WHY he-who-cannot-be-named is such a menacing evil force.  You will never guess the ending of this volume and where it will take you next.
 The thing about the Harry Potter books is that they are just that: books.  They are stories meant to entertain, and book 6 does a great job of that.  So what if it is sadder and more depressing than the five prequels?  That's just Rowling's way of evolving the characters; the more mature they get, the more mature their story gets as well.  Above all though, this books is just enormously fun to read, and well worth the six month wait I had to endure after I pre-ordered it.  Anyone who says otherwise is a moron.
 This book was awesome. I just love fantasy books and Harry Potter was so magical and exciting. It alwys left me with a feeling and the petrifing parts actualy made me scared. I don't usualy do that often! I would reccomend this book to everybody and I just loved it.
 I've read and reread the previous books, thoroughly enjoying the plot and the ingenuity.  I didn't find them particularly well written.  This sixth book, which I finished at 1:30 this morning, is exceptional.  Not only are we given new, delightful characters and plot twists, but the style has become more lyrical. The excesses in Book 4 and 5 were gone, and I found Book 6 crisply and beautifully executed.  We have some idea now where the final book is headed, which is something of a relief. Now to settle in for the wait for the next ink-to-paper to dribble out of this very talented writer's pen....
 Awesome
 I love the Harry Potter series. Being an English major, sometimes I just need something to unwind with, and the Harry Potter books are perfect. As the series progresses, they just keep getting more mature and adult. This last one was exciting enough to leave me hanging, and just like all of the kids who love this series, I can't wait for the last addition.
 Well written. A whole new world for fantasy lovers!
 Jim Dale is a marvel. This book along with the previous 5 have been nothing short of astonding! Jim Dale is the best choise for the reading. There are over 60 diffrent characters in this novel and he does a diffrent sounding voice for each and ever one.<br/><br/>Do yourself a favor and give this a listen!
 Harry Potter and the half blood Prince is a stunningly amazing book. I cried for at least the last fifty pages and then for over a hour-and-a-half afterwards.  I don't cry very easily and there are only 3 books that have made me cry, "Where the Red Fern Grows", "Harry Potter 5" and "Harry Potter 6". This is a beautiful book.  J. K.Rowling is defenatly one of the best authors the world has ever seen.  I highly recommend this book to all.  J.K.Rowling, the world thanks you, and congradulates you on your sucess.
 Details are great and excellent carry through on the storyline. The saddest book so far with appropriate humor.
 I have retread this book again. It is a very important book in the series, necessary to read before book 7.
 J. K Rowling cannot write a poor book. I am so into reading Harry Potter and would like it to never end.
 The final 100 pages bring this book to it's climax with the death of one of it's most beloved characters...or did it?  There are far too many hints here to dismiss.  Hints, you ask?  Well let's just go through some of them... Be advised--this contains spoilers!<br/><br/>1.  Dumbledore freezes Harry - Was this to protect him or to keep him from saving Dumbledore?  He knew Harry would fight Snape to the death for him and perhaps he couldn't let Harry ruin the plan.<br/><br/>2.  Snape is the Defense against the Dark Arts teacher - Now why would Dumbledore finally give Snape the job he has coveted all these years without a reason?  Perhaps so that he could find a way to bring him back from the dead because everyone must truly believe he has died.<br/><br/>3.  Dumbledore pleads - when has Dumbledore ever pleaded in these books?  Was he pleading with him to not hurt him or to keep to the plan and kill him?  Hmmmm....  Snape also goes through quite a few face contortions - is it because he is fighting against the Imperious Curse that Dumbledore may have placed on him or because he hates the headmaster so much.<br/><br/>4.  Snape saves Harry from the other Death eaters -  now, we have been shown that no one knows the mind of Voldermort, so how can Snape know this?  Is he really making sure that Harry will be Voldermort's victim to be destroyed or because it is part of the plan that Harry must be free?<br/><br/>5.  and finally...Why would Voldermort take Snape into his confidence when Snape is a "mud blood"?  Mmmmmm...<br/><br/>These are only a few of the things that make me wonder if Dumbledore is truly dead.  I believe it is an elaborate plan to finally destroy Voldermort once and for all.  Go back and re-read those last pages and see if you can see it as well!  It just reminds me too much of Gandalf returning at the greatest hour of need.  My hopes are high for the final confrontation!
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince stirs up just as many questions as it answers, and Harry potter fans wouldn't have it any other way!  Harry is changing and growing, and in the Half-Blood Prince, this fact makes him seem so much more alive.<br/><br/>I had the unfortunate experience of hearing the 'spoiler' before I had opened the book - but knowing what was going to happen didn't lessen my shock when I read the ending.<br/><br/>Rowling writes in a 'sing-song' way that lulls the reader into a trance-like state. This is a much needed series for the young adult age group. It's actually bringing them away from the TV and into the land of their (and Ms. Rowling's) imagination.
 Lived up to the standards I've come to know from HP. Just make sure you've read the first five of course.
 I have enjoyed the first five in this series and had eagerly anticipated this novel for two years, and can i tell you, it definately does not disappoint!<br/><br/>I laughed, i cried (bawled and sobbed, are probably more accurate!!), i loved and went through a tiddlewave of emotions throughout this stunningly written novel.<br/><br/>I recommend it to anyone.<br/><br/>J. K. Rowling is to be admired for her brilliance and imagination.<br/><br/>As an avid book lover, i must also admit that it was a thrill to hear that this novel sold more than the top two movies at the box office on the weekend!<br/><br/>My only complaint is that it was rather sad to have to close the covers. If only Harry, Hermione and Ron could have endless adventures!!<br/><br/>My hope is that the seventh novel is the size of an encyclopaedia!<br/><br/>Thank you<br/><br/>Andria K
 Gripping and powerful story. I could hardly put it down until I finished it. Highly recommend this to anyone, fan or not
 i love all the Harry Potter stories i read them pretty fast in at least a couple of days I am going onto the seventh book I liked this book a lot !!! but.… the ending was harsh and sad in both ways i am waiting to read the seventh but i realy liksd this one so far o love J.K Rowlings books she is a really good author shes one of my favorite author so far
 Very good read. Woul recommend it to harry potter fans.
 Overall, I have to say that I wasn't that impressed with HBP as a book. As a story, it was excellent, but we always knew THAT-J.K. Rowling is a far better story-teller than she is a writer. She is ingenious and original, obviously, we can see that through her ideas, but the ways they are presented are sometimes passable, more often appalling.<br/><br/>  It would also have been nice to see more real-life conflict, something I thought the book was lacking in. I would gladly trade a few details and less-brilliant ideas for some space between the covers dedicated to character insights and revelations about the world and life in general. When she does devote time to these things, Rowling does it right, but decent, realistic psycological moments are few and far between. The plot of this book moves so fast that there is no time for us to experience the way Harry thinks, and the different ways in which he has grown. It's undeniable that he, and every other character, has grown, but I would like to see more of that inner conflict rather than pure adventure. It should have been longer. I wanted a book more like Order of the Phoenix.<br/><br/>  It was obvious at the midpoint of OotP that Rowling, deviating from her literary style demonstrated in the first four novels, was not going to bring us a mystery to be solved by the end of the book. At least, whatever mysteries did exist could not stand alone; they were undeniably riveted to something else that was yet to be resolved. I found OotP unsettling. It was more real than any of the others, and more insightful without losing any of the brilliant ideas. Harry's inner conflicts had reached their zenith, that was obvious at the beginning. And TIME was dedicated to that. Whatever was left out in ingenuity of plot development(a lack disappointing to many, including myself, who had fallen in love with the mystery-unraveling mode of the previous four), Rowling made up for in terror, doubt and a great amount of personal drama that really hit home. And, i'm sure we all noticed an obvious and shocking improvement to her writing. The entire book was articulated in a decidedly winning way. Its only drawback in my opinion was the idea of being bound to a plot for 800+ pages, a plot which, in the end, revealed nothing in particular.<br/><br/>  This book was set apart from the others. The first four could stand alone as self-supported literary rainbows, while OotP, as its monochromatic cover foretold, would only be a third of a plot had it followed the same line as the previous books. For me, 'unresolved' was at first mistook for 'unsatisfying', but looking back on this book, it was brilliant. It was necessary for 'unresolved' to come into play once the war started. J.K. Rowling was impressive. So impressive and different in style that I thought someone else had been paid to write the book for her.<br/><br/>In HBP, we saw Harry as a much more mature person than the last book. However, just because he has grown up, doesn't mean he shouldn't have doubts. He had a lot more doubts about himself and others in OotP. In HBP, he appears exceedingly confident and his judgement is outstanding-but that's not Harry. Because he is a conflicted person, his doubt should GROW, not LESSEN as he matures and his problems get bigger. We only see a fraction of this. It reminded me of 'Chamber' in more ways than one. It was more about the adventures rather than the concepts. OotP was conceptual. This book could have been great had Rowling followed that same thread as she did before. She seems to have lost the essence of her characters through most of this book. It's seen more through an outsider's eyes than through Harry's for much of the latter part.<br/><br/>  That said, I also loved a lot of it, chiefly the parts where Harry, Ron and Hermione are Harry, Ron and Hermione, aged just slightly from their younger selves. Felix Felicis is one of my favorite chapters because of this preserved magic. Sectumsempra, the first chapter in which Harry makes a real mistake, is excellent also. And the end was heartwrenching. I was left with the feeling that the magic was gone, this was no longer a fairy-tale, everything was too real and too awful to even endure. I'm sure that was what Rowling was going for; I just wish the rest of the book could've expressed feelings like that too. It was also a hope of mine that Rowling's writing quality would prove to be superior to that of OotP; that was a drastic disappointment. However, the idea of Horcruxes, the significant insights into Riddle's past, new relationships, and most of all the sickening betrayal at the very end make it a worthy piece of the vast and beautiful puzzle of STORY-TELLING genius Rowling has created. I just wish that Harry could go back to being Harry.
 J.K. Rowling has had me in a trance since the first book of the Harry Potter series. This book is filled with action, thrill, and touching moments. I gave this book 5 stars and love this book.
 Each one of the Harry Potter books keeps my 11 year old son reading and engaged.  That's what makes these books so great.  They are a bit dark for me as a mom, but who cares because the Harry Potter book series makes him use his imagination and keeps him thinking. Proudly, my son is a "Kid Who Think Who Thinks Outside The Box", as per the wonderful book written by Stephanie Lerner. Harry Potter is an interest of my son.  The series makes him feel good about himself and how he thinks.  The series is wonderful...this particular book is exceptional!
 The last book will end something I am not looking forward to ending!<br/>Wish it could gone on forever !  Will miss the Harry Potter world!
 I still find the Harry Potter books enjoyable, but for me, it has been downhill since #4.  I thought, although lengthy, Order of the Phoenix had some good bits, like Umbridge and the Weasley twins leaving school.  This book, however, doesn't have much to offer that is new and exciting, or really interesting.  It seems as though every character from every other book is briefly mentioned or has a pointless cameo.<br/><br/>I agree with the reviewers that say the book is not as involving or clever as the others.  Rowling does feel stuck in that George Lucas bind of having to rattle off explanations and tie together plot threads in a limited amount of time.  I bet anything Book 7 comes close to 1000 pages.<br/><br/>I knew who was going to die - easy, and guessed who the Half Blood Prince was before opening the book.  I also have a theory about the Horcrux subplot that seems to match a lot of the other fans whose reviews I've read here.<br/><br/>All the elements are there, but they are just ticked off a list - you don't really feel involved as much as before.  Everything is too quick or done at a distance.  And then, when I finished the book, I couldn't believe it because it didn't seem like a lot had happened in 649 pp.<br/><br/>It was just setup, like half a book.  Even though I just read it, I feel like I am still waiting for it to arrive.  It's gonna make a pretty boring movie. ;)
 Harry starts out another year at Hogwarts! Great right? Wrong. Everything makes Harry suspiciuos and he just wont stop! He's looking under every rock, he's getting angry, and he's pushing his limits. And then! He's beating Hermione in Potions with the Half Blood Prince's book! OH THE NERVE! ;) But- Needless to say- I was a bit saddened by the book. It lacked the quality and emotion that the other five books retained. All and all it was good, but I didnt cry over this new death as I had Sirus'. And speaking of this new death!- WHY!?<br/><br/>If you have read the other five books, you will enjoy this one, just...dont get your hopes up.
 Since everyone else wrote pages of praise about this book, I'll be brief.  Read this book.  Push your kids to read the entire series.  If you have a kid that is not a reader--get them to read the first book.  They'll turn from a kid who hates reading to a master-reader by the end of the series.  RK Rowling deserves every penny she has earned.<br/><br/>As for all the extreme right wingers out there who decry the books as witch craft or devil worshiping, keep in mind that the students of Hogwarts celebrate Christmas every year.  You'd know that if you ever took the time to read one of these books (you book burning, puritanical reject from the dark-ages!)
 It is simple. As this goes along it is obvious that like some of the best entertainment I have seen or read recently this is a highly planned out world.  When you plan things out (example like JMS Babylon 5 and Gaimans The Sandman come to mind) then everything gets better the deeper you go into it.  And everything gets better each time you read it.  JKR has done that with Harry Potter.
 Had to pace myself not to read it too fast love it
 I have been reading Harry Potter books since they were first  published. They are favourites and some of the few books I re-read. It is fantastic to have them on my Kindle. Thanks Amazon.
 you are an awesome writer JK Rowling.I love your books. Have a fun time writing your books and have a nice day!<br/><br/>love,<br/>Lizzy
 Excellent storyline and series. A twist that was disheartening when Dumbledore faught with Snape but still an excellent read.  Looking forward to the final book in this series.
 Started the Harry Potter series when I was 13. Now, at 28, the books are still entertaining and meaningful. I crave my daily escape into the magical world of Harry Potter when I'm at work and it makes my heart happy when I fall into the fantasy world every evening. I would recommend these books to everyone from age 10+.
 These books can't get any better. Amazing story telling. Really enjoy reading this series. Can't wait to read the next one. Gotta watch the movies again also. Deathly Hallows here I come lol
 Much better than the order of the Phoenix
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is the amazing new installment to the series. In my opinion it is the best of the series. It has love, hate, fighting, suspense, fright, and so much more. The book kept me on my toes the whole time, and I never wanted to put it down. I laughed and cried, which takes a good book to do that to somebody. It takes the reader into a much deeper look into Voldemort, who he is, and why he has done things in his life. To try and not sound biased towards this book, most of my friends have said that their favorite in the series is OOTP.
 This is my favorite so far. Very well written as would be expected. The stories just keep getting better and better! You won't be disappointed!
 I can't say that J.K. Rowling is the best writer in the world, but she is a very good storyteller with a great talent for pulling everything together at the end.  Looking forward to the next one!
 This book deffiantly wasn't what i expected. I found this one answered many questions of mine even ones i hadn't thought about! Some people say the fifth was darker but i deffiantly think the sixth was a darker tale. I enjoyed learning about voldermorts past and the romance was good and probably neccesary though scenes with ron and lavender got a tad tedious. All in all a fantastic book though i wish it was longer and wish we got to see more into harry's lessons<br/><br/>p.s if **** died. couldn't people still ask his portrait for advice?
 I finished reading the Half Blood Prince a few hours ago and I am astounded.  This is probably my favorite book in the series now.  Here are some observations: the pacing was up from previous books but Rowling did not seem rushed, she just moved the plot along quicker.  It was also very interesting to see the character development and the relationships forming between the major characters.  There's much more to say about this book, but the most important is that the ending was just incredible.  As my title states, the ending is foreshadowed to some degree, but I was still shocked when I read it.<br/><br/>I strongly recommend buying and reading this book.
 This is simply an amazing book. The darkness is being held at bay by a thread and no one is safe. Despite the war that is unleased in both the Muggle and Wizarding world there is still hope. You will journey further into the pasts and futures of some of your favorite/least favorite characters. The mystery of the Half-Blood Prince is intriguing and there are numerous plots that J.k Rowling weaves together to form yet another masterpiece. I'm not going to reveal any spoilers, just let me say, that I tip my hat off to Rowling. Great job.
 This is the best book in the Harry Potter series yet. It has tons of twists and turns and the ending will leave you stunned and despondent that you will actually have to wait for the next one to come out to find out what happens next. Definitely worth buying, reading and re-reading.
 Another great installment of Harry Potter, this time with a definite cliff hanger ending. Can't wait to read the last one.
 Well, my copy of book 6 was waiting for me at 9:30 in the morning at my post office! Yay Amazon!<br/><br/>It took about 9 hours to read, and then I re-read the last part again. I thought it was a great addition to the series! Yes, the constant "snogging" was a bit annoying (including use of the word), but remember, we *are* talking about teenagers. The character developement was enjoyable and sometimes very moving, bringing out sympathy for Draco and even for Voldemort (watching a monster develope, and wondering if his childhood had only been different, would he have turned out better). Learning why the Defense against the Dark Arts position is cursed... and a hundred other things. Over all, an excellent addition to the series, and I can't wait for the next one!
 This book has been the best of the series yet. This story has a lot of mystery and plots you try to guess at what happens, but you might be wrong. Although I have read the book I rather it be longer and something good to happen, although the book was very good and a lot of things that happen was sad and good. The death of this book was actually really good, but I kind of guess who by the tenth chapter cause it was obvious, but still good. The down point of the book was that the end makes you wonder how many books will be left, don't seem like there just be one more book due to the cliffhanger on the end of the book. Overall the book was excellent and I due hope there will be few more books of the story.
 I have enjoyed all of the Harry POTTER books in the series.  However, this sixth one seemed to use a lot of fillers, ie. the group growing up, on and on ............  I didn't enjoy this one as much as the previous ones which had marvelous characters for Harry to overcome, or befriend.  I kept waiting for the climax and never found it.  I just hope the series ends with lots of fireworks.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince just became my favorite Harry Potter book. It successfully continues JK Rowling's mastery of storytelling.<br/><br/>I think its greatest strength was the storyline involving Lord Voldemort's past. There are flashbacks in HPB that are undoubtedly intriguing -- real page-turners filled with dark mystery. His past also ties with another essential element of the story, and that is his weakness. I won't say what it is, but JK Rowling really came up with something original for it.<br/><br/>ALthough I have to say that some of the romance felt a bit underdeveloped, all the new relationships are convincing nonetheless -- particularly, Hermione and Ron.<br/><br/>I think that the characters in the Harry Potter series have really grown up here, especially Harry, who is developing into a mature leader. It's quite the departure from the angry, somewhat annoying, Harry in OotP, and I LOVE IT.<br/><br/>The climax is powerful and dramatic -- a real tear-jerker.<br/><br/>All in  all, I have to say that HPB exceeded my expectations... it provided an excellent set-up for book 7... now, I'm looking for something else to read, but I'll doubt it'll match the brilliance of this book.<br/><br/>:)
 In comparison to the other Potter books, I believe that this book is not as good.  The story is dark and it focuses on lesser characters... Even Ron and Hermione do not have a big part in the book.  The story is the darkest till now and honestly the first 450 pages were not as exciting as the previous books.  But the last 150 pages of the books are amazing, and have a few unbeliavable twists and turns.  If you are a potter fan you must read it, however while reading it do not compare it to the previous books but try to notice how this book is shaping the next and final book.....
 One of my favorite books. The way it is written, it's like you can see it all playing out in your head.
 I found HBP lacking something the other books had.  it felt a littls rushed when i was reading jumping days to weeks at times and left something unresolved (which should resolved in book 7)  The main characters themselves alos seemed off there normal personalities in there daily lives.  But in all HBP did what it needed to do improved are understanding of Tom's past and allow Harry to grow mor into his role as "The Chosen One".  It then also gives us a death we all knew was coming(or at least i did) but i find Harry's reaction to it rather low keied then to the other deaths in the series.  But i am excited for book 7 when it will come out in a couple years for are final confrontaion between Harry and Tom.
 The book is fun and enjoyable .
 Really enjoyed this book, as I did with all the books in this series so far.
 While I liked the book, I was disappointed given the caliber of the earlier novels. Unlike Goblet of Fire, there isn't the constant worry of how Harry will get through the many challenges he faces. There isn't the dark tone of Order of the Phoenix, either. Instead, the book is mostly subdued and, until the ending, rather lacking for action or anything spectacular. The book does offer more background details about the series plot and seems to focus more on setting the stage for the seventh book. While I would still recommend this book, I must admit I am disappointed given the high-caliber writing and constant intrigue present in the prior books that just wasn't there to the same extent in this book.
 As all her books, I liked this book.  It was like reading again about old friends. However, I have few complaints this time. The plot developement seemed missing in a few areas, such as the fight and what occurred in the runup to it at the school as examples. This was a little disappointing as plot developement is one of the series strengths.  Also, the ending that wasn't made me hear in my head, next book, same bat time, same bat place.
 One of the best books I've ever read.  Laugh out loud funny and strong emotional content with a universal theme.  A masterpiece.<br/><br/>One of the things I most respect about her is that she could just "phone it in."  She could write a light-weight book that would still sell 10 million copies in the first week.  Instead she produces this.<br/><br/>The ending promises a book that will be even more intense.  I can't wait.<br/><br/>It's really hard right now to think of these as children's books.  I going to have to find some kids to talk to about it.
 RIP Dumbledore.
 Okay, well, I used to be a Harry Potter fan. I'm on of those people who `grew up' with Harry Potter, in that for a certain period, the characters in the book were the same age as me, and as juvenile as that notion seems, I have to say that it probably plays a big part in how distant I feel from the books now.<br/><br/>Let me extrapolate. For that period in my life, I did relate to the relationships of the three main characters of the series. I read the books more times than I can count, and shared each moment of them with each character - a method of escapism. But now, at 18, I feel that I'm rather past it all. So my perspective is possibly to blame for the ensuing review.<br/><br/>Fair warning, I am paying no heed to censoring spoilers - so those who haven't read, or don't want to know the more specific aspects of this book, read no further.<br/><br/>I read this book over a period of three days, and have had time to mull over the issues raised, and the various `holes' in the storyline. This is not to say the book is not enjoyable - it is; Rowling re-enters the Potter-scape with her seemingly natural flair for accurate representation of character relationships, though some of these feel rushed - and some important aspects of the story remain rather dubious, and don't seem to have been completely thought out. Also, though I realise this is probably not for a book to be read to children, in the age group that the characters in the story are getting into, they're interested in significantly more than just `snogging' - an insight into a changing generation, that Rowling is not a part of, perhaps?<br/><br/>The first issue I felt was the lack of real conflict - Quidditch almost seemed to be an afterthought. The usually competitive nature of the houses seemed rather tame, in comparison to the previous installments, which in places were rather bitter indeed.<br/><br/>Another factor was that I never really felt that any of the characters were in mortal peril; it lacked any real suspenseful moments - the plot seemed to meander on, behaving more like an exposé on Tom Riddle than the usual adventurous intrigue we have come to expect.<br/><br/>It is this focus on Tom Riddle, which really serves no purpose other than to thicken the background of that character - the deductions that are made could have been brought up by Dumbledore, who was perfectly capable of coming to the conclusion about the horcruxes on his own - Harry's limited input was more to open the door to letting the audience know what was going on in Dumbledore's mind. In this way, `The Half Blood Prince' is more like two entities - or rather, one and a half. One entity is a `History of Voldemort', and the other is an incomplete novel, which is scattered throughout the midst of the `History of Voldemort' essay.<br/><br/>One of the most glaringly incomplete aspects of the book is the Snape fiasco towards the end; including Dumbledore's ambiguous death -  which appears to be entirely meaningless. What was gained by not fighting? He just suddenly lost the will to live, and thought `I'll wait for my demise here'. Another is the reason for his belief of Snape being innocent; Dumbledore falling for an empty expression of remorse? No.<br/><br/>The storyline was passable, perhaps. But it lacked the `magic' of the previous books, which really caught your interest, and kept you guessing. Don't get me wrong - this one keeps you guessing.. But the feeling of deficiency as you read the final pages leaves you wondering if indeed the book was shipped without the final four or five chapters.<br/><br/>In my honest opinion, if you cut out a lot of filler and replaced it with decent interactions between characters (and even included some of the ones played so largely in the previous books), the book would be much better. Rowling's problem is that to hold the interest of the public, she has to continue to upstage the last story in terms of an unforgettable climax - this time round, she's just done an ordinary job of it; Voldemort can only be described as evil incarnate so many times before the reader loses interest. How are we supposed to feel the dread, despair and imminent danger of something that doesn't even make an appearance in the book?
 Half Blood Prince has been my favorite thus far! I'm so sad knowing I only have one more book to go :( well worth your time to read!
 Much better than the movie!
 As with all the Harry Potter stories.  J.K. Rowling at her best.  I am a die hard HP fan and have read all the books and listened to all of the audio books also.  Whenever I can't decide what to listen to I start the series all over again.  If you are an adult don't pass up these great books, they truly aren't just for kids.
 It was a great book! But so sad, I don't even know where to start. But funnily enough, the fact that I didn't have a happy ending, was the best thing about it.
 In this 6th edition of the Potter novel franchise, things go much as expected. The opening chapter provides the possibility of a great springboard into an as-yet mostly unexplored sideplot of the Potter novels, that of the relations between the Wizarding and Muggle worlds; however (and certainly not a surprise), the Prime Minister is never mentioned again.<br/><br/>With barely 20 pages to the Dursley's, they seem to be more of an aside than real characters. Then being whisked away to the Burrows, a large amount of text occurs that, if I had not re-read the last book in the week before this one's release, would have had me realing in confusion for a good 50 pages. After moving through the mundane of getting back to school, albeit with the precursory shady scenes concerning Malfoy, as well as several wizards dying in the footnotes, goes exactly the same as the previous 5 novels.<br/><br/>Things go no better on the train, Harry predictably missing the sorting ceremony again. And then, same old same old. New teachers, old plots. Dumbledore more gone than present. The pensieve is used to the same effect as previously, a conduit through which Dumbledore can have as much dialogue explaining things that the reader figured out three sentences ago.<br/><br/>The high-school romance seems oddly familiar, in both good and bad ways. A fomulaic fight between two of the main characters keeps them from speeking for half the book, and Qudditch just seems bogged down. Unfortunately, this did not have to be the case. In the Quidditch scenes, Rowlings had a chance to show Potter in one of two lights; either an excellent leader, as we saw him during Dumbledore's Army, or a guy who just takes the back seat, does for himself, and gains another striking similarity to Tom Riddle.<br/><br/>As in the second novel, we find another mysterious writing in it, leading to many both good and bad situations. And through this, another few wizards are killed behind the scenes. Of course, with the major death at the end, the film adaptation of this book will be very much PG-13.<br/><br/>As for the next novel, an R rating should be expected. With the continued rise of the Dark Forces, and Harry's decision for the next novel, the climax of this little franchise is clearly set up (though admitadly with room for another 5 novels), and I see at least four main deaths required in the plot.<br/><br/>In all, the book is admittadly mediocre for the series. With the potential for much more, the book gave as expected, with more than a few laugh out loud lines, and its share of problems. In all, still as good a read as the first novel, and the series will stand beside The Chronicles of Narnia, The Lord of the Rings, and Shakespeare for at least a few generations to come.
 This book is amazing from ages nine to.. to.. um, eh, 1000.... how old can humans live up to? I recommend this book highly!
 Good story, but dreadfully too much book, not enough content.  Rowling was right when she said it should have been edited down by a third. At least kids can say, "Look, see! I read all THAT!"
 The Half-Blood Prince is somewhat of a build up to The Deathly Hallows.  There is a great deal of suspense throughout the book, making the book a very fast read.  From the beginning, this thrilling adventure entangles you and never lets you go until the very last page.  Also in this book, unexpected events conclude with one of my favorite characters dieing making the ending have a very sad tone.<br/>Anyone who likes suspense and action should read this book (and the series)!
 This was easily J.K. Rowling at her best.  The way she captured the mood in this episode.  And this by far was the best she had ever done with the characters.  Not to mention the plot, there was the main plot but something else was always going on, whether it was Ginny's newest boyfriend or Malfoy's newest plans.<br/><br/>The characters are the realist they have ever been in this book.  Every school has a Hermione, Ron, Malfoy, and so on.  The book is easy to relate to, an easy read, and an amazing story.  Anyone who didn't like this book has got to be crazy because it was by far the best book i have ever read.
 This is one of my all time favorite books! I can read it over and over and never get bored.
 Easy and engaging read
 I wanted to "reread" the book before the summer movie comes out, so I thought I would try out the audio book.  It was great!  I listen to it during my commute to work, it takes me about an hour.  I was looking forward to being stuck in traffic!  I will keep it and will listen to it multiple times, I just love the Harry Potter series.  I will probably go ahead and get all the other ones, too.  I already boughy the Deathly Hallows.  I highly recommend the audio books for any Harry Potter fans.
 I read the latest Harry Potter book in a day or two, not able to put it down. I loved it!<br/><br/>There's not much I can add to the over one thousand reviews that have gone before mine. All I wanted to say was that if you're a fan of Harry Potter, you'll like this book too. It features a few cool plot twists and a whole lot of new situations for Harry and his friends to find themselves in.<br/><br/>I don't know how Ms. Rowling is going to wrap up the series, though, with just one more book. There are so many loose threads and unanswered questions that I think it'll take another book or two to finish the series! (Well, at least I can hope, can't it?)<br/><br/>I recommend this book!
 best book in the last 100 years!!
 Spoilers Ahead!<br/><br/>This book convinces me that though Dumbledore is the greatest wizard of his time, he is also totally dumb in a lot of ways, namely:<br/><br/>1. He sent Harry to live with his aunt and uncle. There is a justification for it, but Harry should have spent only short periods with them each year to satisfy the requirements of protection. Instead, he was allowed to be abused all that time.<br/><br/>2. He allows Snape to abuse Harry all that time, including having Snape tutor Harry to increase the suffering.<br/><br/>3. He keeps Harry in the dark, for which he later apologized, but it goes to show he is an idiot.<br/><br/>4. He trusts Snape who is wicked and unfair to Harry and loves Malfoy, a rich jerk.<br/><br/>5. He drinks suspicious potion based on the belief that "it is probably not poisonous." As it turned out, he did it for nothing.<br/><br/>Anyway, Dumbledore is dead, and I think he asks for it, and I think that is Rowling's point too.<br/><br/>I find the romance between Ron and Hermione particularly weird in that it has no basis - Why in the world would Hermione like Ron?<br/><br/>Overall, however, the book is still rather enjoyable.
 The 6th book took too long to get to the good part.  There was way too much of nothing in the first half of the book. Then I was very disappointed that Dumbledore died, especially after having spent so much time reading nothing.  It just shouldn't have happened.  I thought he was the support for Harry.  Where will Harry be without Dumbledore?  I may not even read book 7 if Dumbledore is no longer a character.
 This is an excellent book! I only wish that they could of shown a little of the Dursleys in the end. Other than that superb!
 Great story!
 Great!!!!!
 Another wonderful addition to the series. It has action, romance, death, life tragedy, loss, and adventure. J.k. Rowling is an amazing author and this is a good read for anyone.
 Just as described.
 Good<br/>I don't read but I finished the series in 2 month.<br/>Great book<br/>I wish there were more books.
 I am an avid reader, and a fan of Harry Potter since the release of the very first book.  I must say that I thoroughly enjoyed this book, I couldn't let myself put it down!  Harry, Ron, Hermione, and the others have all grown and matured, and the chemistry between the characters is refreshing.  The situations dealt with in this novel are darker and more intriguing.  J.K Rowling did not disappoint, and added another masterpiece to the collection of Harry Potter novels!  It is a novel for children, teenagers, and adults alike.  I love the Harry Potter series, and love this newest installment equally.  I definitely recommend this one!
 Great series of books.
 As with the previous 5 books, I am continually amazed at Rowling's attention to detail and her ability to drop tidbits of information in one place that we pretty much ignore at the time - but turn out to be major plot points later on.  I loved the irony of the Half Blood Prince helping Harry with a certain type of lesson (I'm no spoiler for those who haven't read it yet).  As before, I am left with more questions than answers.<br/><br/>Now, if we just didn't have to wait so long for book 7......<br/><br/>Didn't she say once she had almost written the whole thing already before finishing the other books?
 my grandson was very pleased with this book.
 Amazing! J.K. Rowling has outdone herself again! I love it, it's likely my favorite of the Harry Potter books.
 This is the latest installment of the Series that is near impossible to put down. The Harry Potter series is the only book series that literally takes me away from reality and once i pick it up i cant put it down. The worst part about this book is that Jk rowling has now left us wanting more but we wont get another for probably two years. Bottom Line: This is another great book and a must have
 Loved the story and how it sets up perfectly for the last book. I can't wait to read the last book
 ...in believing that this book was lukewarm at best?  I thought book 5 was pretty dreadful and this one is only a small improvement.  Of course, if you're a Harry Potter fan, you will have to read this.  It's not a waste of tiime but it was overly long without saying very much.  Let's face it, if there were 15 books in the series, we Harry Potter fans would read all 15, but books 5 &amp; 6, are nowhere near as exciting as the first 4.  It's like the dementors sucked the very soul out of books 5 &amp; 6.
 One of my favorite books ever and my favorite of the series. Ive read it 4 times. Its so brilliant. RIP
 My son began reading the Harry Potter books starting with the first one years ago. I ignored the chatter for as long as I could. I jumped in at book three (the Prisoner of Azkaban), having to read the other two quickly to catch up. They are all pretty good books.And then the Half-Blood Price... Oh my. This is quite a book. The plot is breathtaking at times, the twists and turns unpredictable and the writing is superb. JK has outdone herself. This, in my opinion of course, is a great story, and literature that will I think will stand the test of time. I give it a standing ovation. Bravo! My only complaint having to wait a year or two to find out what happens next!<br/><br/>Ray Dodd, author, BeliefWorks and The Power of Belief
 I love Harry Potter.<br/>It is the best book in the world I love J.K. Rowling. Gotta love Harry Potter.
 I've read the entire Potter series through 3 times..each time I'm amazed at the continuity, the creativity..It is by far the best series of novels I've ever read and to be perfectly honest, I've found it difficult to delve into any other novel quite the same since reading them.  Book 6, however, takes the cake.  There is so much packed into these pages, it was like being on a roller coaster...highs, lows, romance, terror..every emotion you can imagine..every feeling..such love, such hatred, such devotion..Book 6 takes you into the lives of the characters as no other, and you grow with them..I've never been so enraptured..I could wait to turn each page..now the dilemma is this..how long will I have to wait to know more!!  I'm not sure i'll be able to stand it!  JK has never been as wonderful as in this segment of Harry's truly exuberant tale..there just aren't enough adjectives!
 This book grabs you with suspense and mystery from the first few chapters.  You get a lot of background on Voldemort and two surprises at the end that really leave you to wonder just what will become of our favorite characters in the next novel?  I will say she could've done more with Draco's character in this one, but all in all it was an excellent read!!!!
 I love all the Harry Potter books.  I read them at least once a year.  Great for adults &amp; kids alike.  I love the movies too but the books give you much more detail!
 As Harry, Ron and Hermione grow older, J.K. Rowling increases the complexity of their adventures. She also adds mature language and sophisticated vocabulary. Terrific story!
 The queen of fantasy, J.K. Rowling does it again! After reading her sixth installment of the Harry Potter stories, I felt as though Harry Potter was<br/><br/>very much a real person. After reading carefully and meticulously through the series, I've noticed Rowling has a unique style and flair, for bringing her characters to life with  three-dimensional personalities. I'm sure she's saving the best for the last, with Harry's seventh year at Hogwarts. Here's to you, J.K. Rowling! You are, by definition, The Queen of Fantasy!
 Another great book but am getting frustrated that I can only get one book a month through Amazon's lending library.
 Well - I was reading some of the other reviews, people are being far too critical and completely missing the point. Do remember what genre of book we are reading?? You can't take it all so seriously, its about the 'magic' (excuse the pun)!<br/><br/>Well I loved it - I was enthralled from beginning to end and yes there were some bit that seemed abit repetitive - and it could have been shortened somewhat. BUT when I was reading it, I forgot everything else I becamse completely absorbed! It was funny, exciting, desperately sad...and I keep thinking about it since I finished the book. I have become 12 again and I am 27! Is it weird that I now think Harry is proberbly gorgeous??? What a hero!
 Enjoyed this book very much, from where it left off, I could not pick up the next book quick enough.
 This is a well written wonderful story. I would recommend it to anyone. Harry Potter is the best for suspense!
 Love Harry Potter!!! I can always remove read it and it never boring.
 I finally got to the 6th book after a long time.  It was well worth the wait.  It was a good and entertaining read.
 Jeeze! I read your reviews to see what people thought of it before I picked up the book, but now i know who DIES, who harry FALLS IN LOVE WITH! It's stupid! It makes me so sad! SO PLEASE PLEASE REMEMBER! These reviews are mean't to be viewed BEFORE people buy the book! not AFTER they read it. So NO ONE ELSE SPOIL!<br/><br/>(btw: I love the book so far. I don't know why people are being so critical. Im about a third of the way in and the book... seems...like it still has the magic. At least Harry isn't a jerk like he was in book 5. =)  I think though, that the Potter series has three mini-series in it. I think books 1-3 are the lighter books that are full of humour and little mini adventures the trio take. The 5th and the 6th seem dark, for the more mature, and the forth is a mixture. (the 4th is my fav. =D) Anyhoo... Like I said before.... NO SPOILERS. hee hee
 Truly awesome story. Surprise ending. Tears of joy and tears of sadness. Simply couldn't put this novel down. Loved it.
 Exciting and fun read. Graphic and dark at times. Not uplifting but i continue to read this series because I have hope for Harry
 I have read this series at least ten times, nearly every year since they came out. I love the escape.
 Great read it explained a lot that was not in the movie
 Awesome as all the Harry Potter books are.
 I was disappointed that the description of this book's condition, good, did not match the received condition of the book. It was poor, and fair at best. The back cover was so worn/deteriorated that I couldn't read the book synopsis on the back cover. It did ship quickly, but a more accurate product description of the book's condition would have been better.
 Great
 Another great book in the Harry Potter series!  I can't wait to jump right into the next book.
 Rowling never fails to write captivating tales of a world that almost seems to exist at some points. These will be around forever.
 Love this series, couldn't put it down!
 First of all, read Order of the Phoenix before this one, as they will be using many references from it.<br/><br/>After reading Goblet of Fire and Order of the Phoenix over a year ago, I started to get antsy at the thought of the Half-Blood Prince.  Let me just say, it was well worth the wait.  This book exceeds my expectations hugely.  There is an element of romance introduced, many new mysteries, including horcruxes, and tragedy.  This was the only book that made me cry, and it wasn't just a tear, I felt emotionally drained after finishing it.<br/><br/>If you are into this series, I highly, highly reccomend reading this one, as it is the best.  Just remember to read Order of the Phoenix again, since it uses many references from it, especially the "prophecy."
 It was very interesting trying to read this book. The ending I must say is very suprising! I almost cried when reading the final two chapters of the book. It was as action packed as the other 5 books but it has a lot of meaning to the series. As it does when all the new books come out, it clears a lot more things up about the rest of the series. Although, to who ever reads this comment on the book and hasn't read it, I advise you to read the 5th book over. If you have only read the fifth book when it came out and haven't read it since, the 6th book will not make a very much sense. The one thing that I really disliked about the book is that they really didn't get to go to anywhere new (not including the cave). I would still give this book five stars and I can't wait until the next book!
 This book got me through a hospital stay with my husband. Although when you are a weepy mess at a hospital people tend to think the worst.
 I found "Half-Blood Prince" rather interesting and a good read.  It was, thankfully, shorter than the fifth novel and therefore stopped the trend of lenghtening each book.  However, it was rather anti-climatic.  When the fifth book ended, it was mentioned that a Second War was starting.  However, when the sixth book started, there was no mention at all of a war!  In fact, the first chapter was complete background history of Fudge's experiences with the British Prime Minister!  Harry Potter was not even mentioned until about the third chapter!!  There were quite a few swear words (damn, hell, bloody) throughout the book which was rather disappointing but all in all, it was a good read.  Harry falls in love with Ginny, Hermione continues to fall for Ron (who is, of course, oblivious to it all!), Ron even has some romance of his own!  I recommend this book inspite of all the darkness and rudeness for the mere fact that it is a fun series to read.
 harry,ron,and hermonie are at it again starting with harry getting to be quitich captain of gryphandor!harry also gets a new love, ron's sister! harry picks ron to be keeper for the team and ginnie for a catcher. harry also gets into trouble trying to find out malfoys big secret and convents everyone malfoy's a deatheater dombledour tells harry about what he found out about voldemort, and the action begins.<br/><br/>I think the book has lots of expense wich makes for a great read. lots of new surprises and twists makes it even more exiting.<br/><br/>some parts get slow, and some twists are exciting but very disappointing.<br/><br/>in conclusion i loved the book and can't wait for the next one. even though some parts are disappointing it makes waiting for the next book wven more suspensful and exciting.
 I found this book to riveting, entertaining and it even moved me to sorrow at one point.  J.K. Rowling has continued her excellent tale of Harry Potter and her beloved characters.  Harry and Dumbledore interact on a different level as they work together to find out more about the background of Tom Riddle and how he became Lord Voldemort. A new teacher is introduced, one whose loyalties are in question.  Harry finds a new ally to help him through Potions but finds an old opponent in the Defense Against the Dark Arts class. He also finds love but, also, once again learns loss.<br/><br/>Not often does a writer make the reader care about the characters, like friends they can call upon by opening a book, but J.K. Rowling has succeeded were many fail.
 I had pre-ordered this book from Amazon. To by bad luck, I did not recieve it on time. I was getting frustrated with waiting for the book and trying to keep my sister quiet and not tell me what she read until I got my copy. At last a collegue was nice enough to lend me her book next day after the release. I finished it in one sitting. I was very upset towards the end to know that Albus Dumbledoor gets killed!!!
 1
 The latest Harry Potter book is probably the best one in the series. Darker and more mature, it becomes less of a fantasy novel and almost a noir-ish mystery. However, Rowling still manages to inject scenes of humor, as well as teenage love (such as Ron's sometimes over-excessive libido), all while keeping with the main storyline.<br/><br/>I'm not gonna spoil the anything for you, so read it! I highly recommend this book for anyone who likes reading.
 Probably my favorite yet! A truly enjoyable read. The story comes to life and takes on a deeper feel. I thoroughly enjoyed every page.
 I was a little cynical about how much I'd enjoy this, given that the 4th didn't seem as well crafted as the first 3 and the 5th was rather flat compared to the previous 4.  Yet I was glad I joined the midnight crowd at the bookstore.  I began reading at 1230 am and finished at 6 am.  I was happy to reply to my husband (who'd been sleeping all that time) as he asked, "Well?":  "Excellent!"<br/><br/>One of the best things for me was seeing the teen characters acting like real teens.  Another was that the humor, which seemed sparse to me in "Phoenix", back in full force.  Still another thing I loved was that the plotting was certainly complex and well-thought out.  So many twists and turns, not so much that you'd think you're in the middle of a soap opera, but enough to keep you determined to get your answers.<br/><br/>I was sad to finish it knowing it'll be a long while before we get the definitive answer to whether Harry ultimately triumphs over Voldemort, but it will be a pleasure to re-read this one many times over as I wait.
 More please. I loved the movies and the books are unsurprisingly better. I'm glad I experienced them in that order.
 I was a little dissapointed that the sixth installment of the Harry Potter series was so short. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is a story that was, sadly, an unfortunate book because of the loss to Harry during the end of the book. :P. Maybe that will make you consider to get this book. This book was, I'm sorry to say, not as great as the other books prior to the sixth book. I would have to say that this is actually an alright book. I probably would have liked it better if I did not expect so much from the book. But, as I stated before in text, I think that this book is worth buying, and I hope that you enjoy your book. Thank you for your time.<br/><br/>-Hardeep Chana
 I've heard so much complaining about how this book wasn't as good as the rest in the series, but I really think it was one of the best and worth the buy.<br/><br/>This series has grown from a usual fantasy series into something much deeper, and with Harry Potter and The Half-Blood Prince, the tale once again grows darker and more serious.<br/><br/>As the charcters change, the way the book changes also. You lot out there that is so unhappy with this book should relize that not every book can be the same as the first three. I think its great that the books differ with each release.
 I have to say that while this book doesn't have the charm of the first, the eeriness of the second, the fear of the third, the adventure of the fourth, or the impending doom of the fifth (whew!) this book manages to push us further down the final path.<br/><br/>Easily misread, I had to go over it a few times to finally see many of the clues JKR is leaving us.<br/><br/>Great book, definitly not something you can just pick up and walk away with.
 Harry potter gets better every time I read it and it's always as magical as always!  I would recommend this to everyone!
 All the books are AMAZING!!!
 What a wonderful job Ms. Rowling did on this book! After Book 5, I have to admit that I was a little concerned about being unable to sympathize (much less WANT to sympathize) with the grouchy, woe-is-me Harry. But within 20 pages, I was completely relieved of any such concern! This book returns us to the wonderful character that is Harry Potter. I am a mother of three small children, and to find time to read is a real trial -However, for this book - I made the time! A thoroughly delightful, wonderful, enjoyable read. High marks on this one!
 To me this book has many twists and turns that arn't usually excepted and I personally thought Rowling continues to get better and better after each book, there is a surprising ending which people shouldn't right in their reviews because I was quite shocked and it will ruin the purpose of the reader buying the book and reading it.
 Awesome Book
 This book is so long, thousands of trees must have been killed to make it!!! Think about how horrible that is!! How could people be so horrible and kill trees to make a book!!! They could have just printed it on parchment made from the skin of people who have already died of natural causes!!! Why kill a living thing just to make a book that entertains people? Trees have feelings too!!!!!
 great read! read it twn years ago and enjoyed reading it again as an adult... cant wait for the new series...
 It is as great as the other ones I love it so much it is my favorite book by far the best one yet (that I have read so far) as alway 5stars⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️👍🏻👍🏻
 My favorite book so far in the series. I cannot wait to start the next book. Definitely a page turner.
 Wow! I never expected the ending. I cannot wait for the final chapter now, going to look it up right away
 Great book,  gets better every time I read it.<br/>A lot more involved that what is shown in the movie version.
 you stated that this book is for 9-12 year olds. wait a minute. i'm 61 and look at the rating i gave it.<br/><br/>loved finding out alot of the history behind books 1-5. happy that harry has successfully gotten out of his moody, "woe is me", stage. cannot wait for book 7 when i'm sure he will defeat valdemort. but i will be sad because it all will end. the "sorcerors stone" was my favorite because i found out how harry began. "the half-blood prince" is second.
 I love all the Harry Potter books. This one is no different. I definitely recommend this book to everyone. Lovely story
 love it
 First of all, stands up, clears throat. I am a Harry Potter addict.  That's why I was some what upset after Order of the Phoenix. I was mad at myself for not loving it. I found Harry annoying, at best. I was apprehensive about HBP, but wow after finishing it- I am floored. HBP is truly an amazing book, whether the main character's name was Harry or Kyle it would still be a good book. Harry is no longer annoying, he's starting to realize what being an adult means. I can't wait for book seven, although I'll probably be done with graduate school by then:) GO HARRY!
 My favorite so far.  J.K.Rowling is brilliant.
 Truly amazing! If I could give this book ten stars, it would definitely be deserving. Full of danger, evil, friendship, alliances, enemies, humour, love, and betrayal, this is one of the best books I have ever read. If "The Order of the Phoenix" deterred you from reading this series, I would reccomend taking this book for a spin. It is, in my opinion second only to "The Goblet of Fire" in the series, which has long had the reputation of being a reader favorite. All in all, it is more than well worth the time it takes to get through a book with more than six hundred pages!
 ...The sixth best book I've ever read. The best series in the entire world, thank you, J.K. Rowling. You've made my life better.
 it's probably the best installment of HP (with the possible exception of the goblet of fire). it's not as dark as the order of the phoenix, though there is some obvious drama (see ch.28).<br/><br/>harry knows that draco malfoy and severus snape are up to no good, but nobody believes him--not even Dumbledore. and well, you'll see what's going to happen in the end.
 among my favorite books
 I think a lot of people are getting so wrapped up in the hype of Harry Potter that they forgot what HP is in the first place- a children's book.  And as far as children's books go- this one gets an A+. It stimulates the imagination, it entertains and its fun! I highly recommend investing 12 hours or so in reading this book.  Great job JK!
 This book is very good. I could not stop reading it. However, at the end, I was disappointed by the fact that the end was... abrupt. I think that too many things were left to the next book.<br/><br/>Honestly, considering the task left to H. Potter, one book may not be enough. May be we will have eight, nine books.<br/><br/>It may be good for the writer, but, for a reader... it is frustating to wait too long for the end of the history. And this creates great expectations, so, at the end the author risks some disappointed fans.
 This is a fantastic book. My favorite of the series. The Kindle version is spot on and even has the illustrations from the original book
 I didn't want it to end. I am in love with the characters.
 This was better than Order of the Phoenix.  I will continue with the series.
 This book is an excellent read, and a true turn-around for Harry and his audience. The well thought through frustrations of the main plot resonated with me and made it ever more clear that no longer was the world safe for anyone. A good, thrilling read.
 Great story.
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince, was of course a great book. But just like many other people, I felt different at the end of this book than I had after reading the last five books. The ending was not what I had expected it to be. I hope that Rowling has something magnificent planned for the seventh book. Maybe the sixth book was just a stepping stone for the umcoming book. The ending was so incomplete. I just hope that Rowling fills in the gaps in the seventh book beautifully.<br/><br/>I hope that Harry does kill Voldemort in the seventh book, and that he marries Ginny and becomes a Auror. I hope that Hermoine and Ron get married too. I think that Mr. Weasley will become the Minister of Magic in the seventh book. But of course Rowling will have to decide what she want's to do with the book, not what I want to do with it. But all the same I wish her luck in the sevent book . . . P.S. Rowling take your time with the last one, we want this one to be the best! Good Luck! Congradulations on the sixth book. Cheers!
 Great book.
 Many people initially came to love Harry Potter because "The Sorcerer's Stone" was a story of perpetual discovery. Throughout the entire work, Rowling entertained her readers with surprising--yet believable--twists and turns. "The Half-Blood Prince" recaptures this feeling. The story moves with the speed of her first three novels, but retains the grimness of books four and five. Much of the book revolves around the joint search of Harry and Dumbledore to discover all they can about the life of Tom Riddle, the boy who became Lord Voldemort.<br/><br/>Simply put, "The Half-Blood Prince" represents Rowling's finest work thus far.
 I'm a fan of this series from Thailand so I' ve just scan it  for my report  but I think this book is very good because of this reasons. First, this book still  have  jokes  that I can understand although I'm not a good English student. Second, J.K. gives me information that I want to know  but creats more secrets,too]. Third,J.K. 's ideas always makes me surprise  e.g.Horcrux, The meaning of prince]. However, the "Half-Blood Prince" is not as  good as I expect  because, for  me this book is quite a thriller  story  that i don,t want  to assume like this when i read the goblet of fire].
 I'm a late in life reading of Harry Potter and absolutely fell in love with the series. This book in particular set a much a darker tone than the previous books.
 The book gets us to the point it needs to--a more mature, more independent and confident and determined Harry bound to finish things one way or the other with Voldemort, joined by his equally determined friends. But it doesn't get us there with the spark of some of the earlier books or the originality or the emotional depth/impact of some of them. And for the first time one senses a writer behind the scenes manipulating things all too artificially. For those reasons Half-Blood Prince, while a decent book, doesn't rise to the level of Azkaban or Phoenix. Here's hoping the final one does.
 This book was just as wonderful to read for a third time.  Rereading this series makes me so happy.
 WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD!!!!!!!<br/><br/>After waiting all night to get my copy of Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince I finally get started reading it. It starts out giving out a lot of answers about Voldemort's followers and someone you know that is involved with it. Meanwhile back at the Ministry of Magic Fudge has now been sacked for a series of events that Voldemort has done (these events that Voldemort has done involve Muggles). A new auror takes his place. Back at school Ron and Hermione both recieve their OWLS and decide what to take for their NEWTS which will determine their future job. Also a new teacher (as always) gets the Defense Against the Dark Arts job. A new potions master comes along (this should give you some clue as to the new DADA teacher is). Harry, while in Potions, gets a mysterious potions book that tells him all the answers to Potions and that used to belong to the Half-Blood Prince. Harry and Dumbledore once again go into the Pensieve to watch past memories. You will learn a lot about Tom Riddle (AKA Voldemort) in these memories. Finally towards the end Harry and Dumbledore go into a cave to try to find the one thing that may destroy Voldemort. While returning they find the Death Mark above Hogwarts and rush to see what's happening. One of the Death Eaters (you know him quite well) threatens to kill someone (who?) but can't. So the Half-Blood Prince comes and does the famous "Avada Kedavra" curse and kills someone who you will probably cry over all the while Harry is immobolized and can't move. As always J.K. Rowling ends the book foretelling the storyline to the final book. Harry now begins his final trek along with Ron and Hermione to finish off the Dark Lord. Also the future of Hogwarts is left in question with the death of a VERY main character. This is by far the saddest and darkest and best of the Harry Potter book so far but of course the 7th and final book sure will top this. In total I give it a 6 out of a 5
 Love this book, amazing series!!
 This book had great potential to be the gem of the series and falls flat on its face at the end besides the death there is very little drama or action and certain things are explained poorly. The first 500 pages are very solid but you expect much more after reading the beginning and when J.K. Rowling said this is like part 1 of 2 in of the end story but it has its own plot she is only half right it is like part 1 of 2 but its plot is unclear in certain aspects and really struggles to captivate.  I know 7 will be fantastic but to wait 2 years for a garbage ending like this is upsetting and really J.K. Rowling hasn't seemed like a genious to me since Goblet of Fire, where has the magic gone?  I hope she regains her touch for 7 because it would kill the series if she messes up 7 too.  And I hope Book 7 is more like OOTP in its length because the ending seemed rushed to me in her attempt to make a shorter novel.  She has given the needed facts and has moved her story onward but she did so in a somewhat dull manner.
 My personal favorite in the series.  Although sad, it's important parallel to world issues of ethnic cleansing and skepticism of governmental figures
 J,K, Rowling is a genius! She has woven an incredible story throughout all these books, where all the pieces fit together perfectly. I love these books even more now than the first time I read them!
 This book takes you on a wild adventure through the wizard's worled and More. I would recommend reading the books in order so you understand the book.
 This is a great Harry potter book.  My only problem was with the ending.  Yes, I am sad about the major death, but that is not my issue with it.  i was upset that it ended so abruptly after the death.  At the end of most of the books, everything gets explained and you are left with a feeling that most things will go back to normal for him.  This book makes it clear that things will be different in the next book, which makes it suck that we will have to wait another ~2 years to find out what happens.  Bottom line- too much of a "cliffhanger", though its not a true cliffhanger
 The night this was released i had it pre-ordered at barnes and noble and was the 120th person that got it and i read half of the bood that same night.  Great book, loved it, i even leaked a tear or two, if you love Harry Potter and haven't read it already, what are you waiting for.
 What can I say about this book that hasn't already been said a thousand times over? Probably nothing. All I can do is sing it's praises. It is another masterful work. And she's taken it to another level of maturity, just as the passing of time in ones life does. This is a series to grow up with.
 Awesome reading finally understanding the whys,where an how comes.Excellent reading ! Recommend reading the movies leave out so much. On to the last book.
 I hate to say this, because I am a huge fan of the series, but I couldn't help feeling that JK was milking the series for what it was worth with this book. Compared to Order of Phoenix, I feel like nothing was established here that really was essential; granted, some huge events happened, but I feel like we all expected them a little bit up until now, and they would have fit fine in one final large book. The other 7/8s of the book not involved with this? Compared to the past books, I found the Malfoy subplot was a little unexciting and really not enough to hold me over. Without giving away away too much of the book, was anything really established at the end of this book that wasn't established at the end of book 5? And Harry's sense of character seemed to have vanished in this one, too...things just seemed to happen to him, instead of events revealing more about him. Oh well...its just one man's opinion, but I thought the series as a whole could have done better if JK had done without the 6th year.
 I started reading Harry Potter to see what all the "hype" was all about. The more I read, the more I got wrapped up in the books. I just finished reading The Half-Blood Prince. Very good reading. The last 50 pages or so, have a box of tissues handy- the ending is sad. As for Snape, I never liked him from the very start. Don't let your gaurd down when it comes to Snape. As a matter of fact Draco (never liked him either) I think is just as bad as Snape. Can't wait for Book 7 to come out.
 I know JK Rowling needed to tie up some dangling plot lines.  I know the stage had to be set for the next book. I even predicted who was fated to die.<br/><br/>But what happened to the sharp story line.  Did I miss the plot of this book?  I certainly did.<br/><br/>I know the books must appeal to young and old alike for marketability. It's a shame the charm and wit of the first 5 books was missing in the forced romances.<br/><br/>I hope the final volume lives up to the promise of the first 5.  This one did not.
 When I first started the book I was very excited because it's my favorite movie. Through some parts I couldn't put it down. Through others, well let's just say I wasn't as interested. Overall this book is great!
 Fast delivery, product in excellent condidtion. I was very pleased.
 Awesome book!
 Another great book for any avid Potter fan. Makes you want to run out and get the next in the series.
 TREMENDOUS FUN!!  I just love EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS SERIES: Harry, Hermione, the owls, the newts, voldemort of course ... so creative, so clever!<br/><br/>Yes, this one's darker, but deservedly so!  Rowling ups the ante then keeps upping it!  She's such a creative writer, with a seeming endless reservoir of exciting plot twists and turns; yet she never loses the sense of her CHARACTERS and their reactions always seem realistic and spot on!  My kids - and their mother too!- will be very sad when this magnificent series comes to an end!
 Since I am familiar with the plot, I enjoy reading the series; but, it has become a bit repetitive.  The first three books were great because the author was still setting up the story, but now that it has been set, it seems she just throws the same thing over and over  and it is no longer as fun to read.  The ending was quite a surprise and I am looking forward to reading the next book, but really to finish off the series.  We will see how bad Prof. Snape really is or isn't . . . not to mention Malfoy.
 Svsvsvsfvsfv add barbaric verg we g advanced face adv Eva reverb reverb either sherbet observatory. Reverb th add adv reverb the world's leading up with hats the chamber music video for a different from other people who want a people are awesome job is one thing I I
 Ever since the UPS man delivered Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince, I couldn't put it down. If you didn't pre-order it, buy it now! In this installment you are drawn even more into Harry thoughts and feelings. There are parts of the book where you laugh and then there are parts when you will cry buckets. I don't want to reveal anything for those you aren't finished reading it yet.But there are so many mysteries at the start of the book, some are answered at the end and others we are going to have to keep waiting for the last installment. And I can't wait for that one!
 As usual, J.K. Rowling wrote yet another book that will be enjoyed by many.
 Love this series and could not put them down, plus even if you have seen the movies the books have little twist.
 There are about 100 pages of fast-paced action in this otherwise bloated book. I felt like there was really nothing that "grabbed" my attention for the first two-thirds of my book.  Upon finishing it, I felt like this novel was merely a transition between books five and seven. All in all, feeling a little let down by this one.
 Exciting. Series. Even As an adult there were times I couldn't put the book down
 I'm not gonna go into plot specific details or go rambling on about whether it lives up to the hype, is it the best in the series or if Rowling has lost the magic or not. (Defintely NOT, IMO) This book rocks. What more did everyone want, or expect? Some said it's too dark and that Rowling should have kept it more fluffy like the first 3 books while others said it doesnt have a satisfying end, things arent as resolved as it could have been etc. etc.<br/><br/>This is the book that primarily serves to create the  set-up for the final book. Everything that youve loved in the previous books are here, some are just toned down because it's deemed unneccesary. Just sit back and enjoy one of the best reads you'll be able to get your hands on this year.
 I just finished reading Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince this afternoon, and I couldn't put it down.  The first chapter started out a bit slow, but it quickly got more interesting.  This book is indeed darker than the first five books of the series, and I would not allow a young child to read it.  The Harry Potter series is excellent, but the sixth book in particular is not appropriate for young children.
 Again J.K. Rowling weaves a masterpiece of a book. You should all know the story and if you haven't read it yet... Shame On You! If you don't read this book your missing out on a wonderful piece of life and you've no one to blame but yourself. If you're a Harry Potter fan be sure to checkout J.K. Rowling's site it's absolutely awesome where you can extra tidbits about the next books and other things you would never have known. Her site also has some links to her best fan sites. Well enjoy the book if you get it, (and you should). Thanks for reading!
 Although I watched the movie first, the book doors great justice on the relationship between Harry and Dumbledore. This is still my favorite book and favorite movie. Number 6. The half blood Prince.
 was really good  can' t wait to read the next one
 So far, the best of the Harry Potter series has been the third (or so I believe), followed by five and four. This book, the sixth, is certainly not the best, but it is essential to the whole Harry Potter series.<br/><br/>The GOOD points:<br/><br/>1. Harry Potter learns about Voldemort's past, which is intriguing. But Rowling drags the story in this part, so the readers have to read many words to get just a tiny bit of information.<br/><br/>2. Readers get excited (or at least I did) about the mysterious Half-blood prince. However, this is disappointing in the end.<br/><br/>3. The characters grow up. Though the change is subtle, readers can sense how the characters that were once children in book one are now grown up.<br/><br/>Now are the BAD points (SPOILER WARNING):<br/><br/>1. Snape's sudden change of character, and his betrayal. From an exceptionally interesting character that was ambiguous, Snape turns to Voldemort's most favored servant. Not to mention the fact that he practically says, "By the way, I'm the Half-Blood Prince!" at the end.<br/><br/>2. Dumbledore's death. Albus Dumbledore, who is supposedly the greatest wizard in the world, is defeated first by Draco Malfoy and then killed by Severus Snape. Before he dies, he pleads to Snape...so he wasn't sure, after all, that Snape was really on the good side.<br/><br/>3. Dumbledore's stupidity. How could he just believe that Snape was good? Snape was the one who actually helped Voldemort kill Harry's parents and he said "I'm sorry, I'll be a good boy now" to Dumbledore. And Dumbledore BELIEVED him??<br/><br/>4. There is also the romance, which isn't very necessary not to mention extremely childish, and Quidditch, which has become really boring by now. And there is Harry's irritating suspicions about Malfoy and Snape, which turn out to be true, which is all the more irritating.<br/><br/>Overall the book was disappointing, but since it was necessary for the series (I guess) and it gave me genuine satisfaction (before I opened the book, that is), I give it three stars.
 So sad at times.  Suspensful.  The usual great writing style of JK.  Can and have read this over and over.
 Another in a long line of great books!  The adventures are amazing and make it impossible not to move on to book seven.
 By far one of the best Harry Potter books.
 In no exception is this one of the best booksof the series. The author has truely grown up with her reader,mixing in dark elements and teenage love. This book tracks the second to last year of schooling, starting with Harry visiting a new teacher with the headmaster, and a trip to the burrow. It shows life in a world which has come again into Voldemorts power.<br/><br/>Harry is taking the classes to become  an Auror and doing well in he most unexspected places. He is having private lessons with the headmaster to learn his quest.<br/><br/>This book is not something I would give to children under 11 or 12 to read. It has some evil elements that are so twisted they scared me. Overall it was fantastic.
 I was so excited about the book coming out. But what a disappointment. I gave it 4 stars because it wasn't the worse book I have read. But it was order of the phoenix all over again. A whole lotta nothing. The plot of the half blood price wasn't totally developed. Than someone dies at the end. Ugh. The coolest part I thought was with Tonks and who she falls in love with. I want to put so much more into my review but alot of it would be spoiler stuff and to me that is a big no-no. Hopefully the next book will be a bit better.
 Up to this point, I have been a huge fan of Rowling's series.  But I have to say I was extremely disappointed.  What's missing in HBP?  One of the first things I noticed was the lack of surprises - the clever red herrings, subtle plotting and "wheels within wheels" that have left me scratching my head, every time.  HBP was so formulaic and predictable that even I could figure out where the story was headed.  We know from the beginning that Snape will pull some huge shocker of a plot twist out at the end.  We also know that Draco is up to no good, so we have no reason to doubt Harry's dogged pursuance of him throughout the book (why do Ron and Hermione?).  The story had a contrived air (ex: Trelawney happens to be standing in a corridor talking to herself so Harry can overhear a "revelation" about Snape).  Formula is clearest in the unbelievable and sappy "romance" that runs rampent in this book.  I'm usually a fan of a little lovin' but this merely made me roll my eyes - especially when Tonks confessed her love moments after Dumbledore's funeral.<br/><br/>More than the plot itself, the "magic" was just missing.  Hogwarts, usually a character in itself, is shoved in the background here to make way for flashbacks and bad romance.  The pensieve was more of a story crutch than the amazing invention it was 3 books ago.  HBP has no new magical places or any new magical things (or creatures-unless you cound the boring inferi).  The classes and new spells the kids should be learning are barely mentioned. I got the feeling JK was "bored" with the world of Hogwarts and wanted to be more experimental (the british PM, the orphanage, the mind of the sociopath Voldemort).  I thought these experimental things were oddly placed and did nothing the help the flow and overall story of the series.  Voldemort is evil.  Period.  I'm fine with telling the story a different way - but it was different only for the sake of being different, without adding to the book.<br/><br/>All of this I could have dealt with, however, if it weren't for the characterization.  Dumbledore was smug.  Harry was so remote that I never felt pulled into the story.  Snape's complicated character was barely mentioned until the end.  Neville, whom the last book built up as an emerging major character, was dropped without a word.  But the worst was Hermione.  Through all the books she has been dedicated, serious and principled (and a nagging know-it-all).  In HBP, she sabatoges quidditch tryouts, attacks Ron and barely lifts a finger to help Harry solve the plot - and was overall petty and shallow.  I felt her strength was diminished in a failed attempt to make Harry and even Ginny appear stronger.<br/><br/>  Yes, there is a major shocker at the end of HBP. But if you take that away (which I'm pretty sure book 7 will do, showing Snape's still a good guy) what do you have left?  This book is a skeleton with no meat on its bones.  As the shock of revelation fades away I think HBP will lose its charm to many over time.
 This was my favorite so far of the Harry Potter series. I thought it was the most different. It didn't seem to have as much of the nail biting scary parts, but it explained a lot about the characters. I don't want to give away too much about this book, but I really enjoyed going in the pensieve and learing about Tom Riddle and how he grew up and when he attended Hogworts. The new love affairs were surprising! Also the character twists were exciting! I'm going this afternoon to get The Deathly Hollows. I can't wait to read it after reading The Half-Blood Prince!!
 I T  W A S  A M A Z I N G  J U S T  R E A D  I T
 J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series just keeps getting better and better.  Everything from her character development to making you feel as if you are right there experiencing the same thing that Harry and his friends are experiencing.  I can't wait until the next book comes out and the new Harry Potter movie.  The only saddness I will have is when this series ends.
 Great read
 Awesome writing!
 I had to write something about this book, because, like all the other Potter books, you just can't get enough. Yes, it was a book that didn't contain as much physical action, but that isn't something that is needed in order to captivate and hold in a reader. This is the book that will get us ready for the final battle. It may not be packed with action, and silly antics like in the past, but I find, that as Harry ages, the books also grow up with him, and as he ages, they get more serious. This is definatley not a "childrens" book anymore. Parents should be warned that it is a much darker novel, and that bad things do happen, but also on that note...bad things do really happen in real life. People die, people get hurt, it's all a natural part of life, and you can't shelter everyone from it. But it is a very emotional book, and it also dabbles into darker themes. It might be a slower moving book, but I couldn't put it down. I just wish that she would only kill the bad people, so I don't end up going through a box of kleenex, which the book stores should be giving each buyer with this one!! If you are a Potter fan, you will end up loving the book no matter what, that little glimpse you get when you open the pages to this magical world is enough to satisfy any reader. Here's hoping that the next book will be out soon enough to kill the curiosity evoked at the end of the novel.
 Good read...
 I love Harry Potter. Harry Potter is love.
 This book was wonderful!!!!!! Although i was upset to see that one of my favorite characters died...it ended with a sense of triumph
 i havent bought but i have read it and its amazing! i love harry potter! J.K Rowling is an amazing author! she uses a lot of figurative language and she also uses spectacular word choices.
 I avoided reading the Harry Potter series for the first 15 or so years it was out and finally decided to give it a go. Book five felt like a death march through teen angst but this book was a reawakening of excitement for the series and for Harry's character.
 JKR's style in writing has changed. The Half Blood Prince is darker, deeper with an interesting plot and you can tell everyone has matured alot. I don't like it as much as I liked some of the other books(Goblet Of Fire is my fave)<br/>Do I recomend this? YES!
 This is my tenth time reading this, gets better every time I read it. What a good series for everyone.
 The saga continues...the characters are growing up and J.K. Rowling taps into the minds of adolescents seemlessly while continuing to evolve the overall story.  The introduction of new characters, new unfolding information about he-who-must-no-be-named, the continuing and numerous interwoven storylines, and the strong emotional connections that bind the characters together are all what continue to make this one of the best stories I have read.  I look forward to the final year at Hogwarts with both excitement and sadness.  Sadness in that I know that the story has to end.  J.K. Rowling, congratulations and thank you!
 I read this book so fast that Im sure I missed some important clues but only one thing mattered to me- Romance for Harry atlast...<br/><br/>The book was really dark...anyone under the age of 12 shouldnt come near this book. I was shocked by the ending- didnt leave me very satisfied. But still kept me reading all night long and now I have to go work.
 Rowling at her best.
 I chose a five rating because I believe Rowling is a very great writer, with all the action and adventures that the characters have faced.
 Excellent
 Not much more can probably be said(years later), it was a great book, and with the movie recently being released, i'm really glad i had reread it, otherwise i would have been doubting my memory after the movie.
 All six of the Harry Potter books are well written and not just for younglings. My 82 year old Mom and I are enjoying them as well. If you loved Narnia or The Hobbit you will love these as much. Doesn't everyone enjoy a story about good vs. evil?
 One of my favourite Potter books. It's the beginning of the end. No matter how many times I read it I still can't put it down! Now on to Deathly Hallows
 This book was so unpredictable and so mysterious that when I finished  one chapter I wanted to read the next .I<br/>love this book!!!
 J.k. Rowling is an amazing writer that I hope one day my kids will love as much as myself!
 Ive seen the movies over an over and of course, I love every minute of them. Im just now reading all the books and I still cannot believe how awesome they are, have tore through them so fast; I'm actually very sad to be on the last one. just can't put them down!
 Took me a really long time to read, but definitely awesome!
 Great and best so far. I has a fantastic time reading this book. I was a little apprehensive because I watched the movie first a d didn't like it but this made up for it.
 This story just keeps getting better.  Even though I've watched the movies, as usual the books add so much more detail. I will be sorry to see it come to an end.
 This book will be reviewed to death, but I wanted to add my five-star rating. I loved this book, and I can't wait for the finale.<br/><br/>Just one thing:  reviewers, both professional and amateur, continually insist that the Harry Potter series is too grim, dark, intense, or whatever for children, yet children love these books so much that they read them over and over again. Do you think it's possible that Rowling knows more about what kids can handle than most of the other adults out there?<br/><br/>Anyone who can inspire ten-year-olds to read and re-read 700-page books must be doing something right.
 This was a fast moving book with lots of character development and twists in it.  While we enjoyed it, we were also saddened by the ending.  We are eager to get to book seven in the hopes that J. K. Rowling will keep the faith with the reader and twist the plot into one that will make us want to continue reading the books over and over again.  Because we have enjoyed these books so much we have them on CD and tape so we can listen to them while we are taking trips in the car.  Seattle to Kansas City and back again with Harry Potter.
 Reading this book. It is so much better then the movie. All the Harry Potter books have been so far.
 My husband and I purchased 2 copies to avoid who would read the 6th installment of Harry Potter first.  I finished after staying up most of the night.  This is one of the best of the series--it rivals book 3 in terms of tightness, character development, and plot.  While some incidents in the book were anticipated, it still packed a wholloping punch.  This book is also the darkest to date-- perhaps not for younger folk.  J.K. Rowling has again shown why Harry Potter transcends the genre of children's literature.  Like the Chronicles of Narnia, Lord of the Rings,  and other such series/books, Harry Potter has entered the realm of classic.
 Other than Diane Gabaldon's Outlander series, I have not seen an author's book grow with each subsequent entry like Rowlings does.  yes, go check out the weight of each book if you can't open the book.  The story is not without fun, wit, a sense of style along with social commentary, but my hands ache with each volume that I have to handle.... will the 7th year be even more like a tome?<br/><br/>I love how the characters grow and age as would any healthy child, muggle,witch or worlock...  It makes you wonder why film makers of these books balk at keeping the same actors as they are now showing their ages into their teens...<br/><br/>My favorite was Goblet of Fire, the point in which Rowlings went from kids book to grabbing the adult audience. Then she lost her focus in book 5 only to turn it around into the latest entry.  Good that she is back to what made the series popular in the first place, but I do wish she would hire an editor and trim like 500 pages off each book.  why do they need to be so long?
 This has been my most favorite book in the series. The life of Tom Riddle is somewhat unveiled throughout the book.
 Rowling's writing is going downhill--that, or her editors have put her on such a high pedestal that they don't feel as though they have the right to edit her work anymore, which is NOT good.  Book 1 was FABULOUS because the editors hacked away everything except that which was necessary--EVERY little detail came full circle in the end; there was no extraneous nonliterary mumblegoo.  'Tis not the case with her most recent books, particularly this one, which had absolutely zero resolution in it.  Save for the fact it has a cover and numbered pages, it can hardly qualify as a book.  If you're a Potter fan and you haven't read book 6 yet, wait until book 7 is available.  Books 6 and 7 apparently will be functioning as one story as far as plot, climax, and resolution are concerned.
 Another great installment. Stays true to the characters. Twists you could not predict. Can't believe it took me so long to finally read this series.
 Love Harry potter , who doesn't!!!
 Having burned through each novel faster than the previous, I found that I didn't want this one to end, especially the way it did. I knew something big was coming and that a death would be part of the book, however not to this magnitude. This was probably my favorite of all the Potter books so far and I cannot wait to read the next one already! Potter continues to impress readers with his maturity, and the new romances are great! This is definately the best of the series for more adult and mature readers. definately a 5 star book!!!
 This book was not my favorite in the series, but it is full of suspense and is another emotional rollercoaster worthy of reading within two days if not one.
 This book is well-written. It is easy to read and keeps your interest in general, although it is sometimes a little repetitious and slow. I guess the author repeats the point to make sure you get it.<br/><br/>Some of the author's ideas are new and thought-provoking, but you have to wade through some material which sounds like every other book on this topic, as well. In any case, if you are patient you will take away some neat new ideas that you will find yourself using and referring to.<br/><br/>I like the examples and anecdotes he/she uses to illustrate his/her points - they are really interesting and I have found myself using the examples and referring to them in everyday conversations with people, which is great. I only wish that there were some more examples because it is not always easy to see the point when no example is offered.
 I love harry potter
 I think this would be my second favourite after the Priznor of Azkaban, It was refreshingly easy to follow especially since her last boojk was full of new charcaters and too many twists and turns. A great book and an unbelievable end. which has me wanting for more for the last one cause i think that would be onw of the most eagerly awaited books of all times.
 Before HP6 came out, The Goblet of Fire was my favorite.  This book beat it.  Now my favorite Harry Potter Book, The Half-Blood Prince stirred up a lot of emotions with in me.  I laughed, cried, was in shock, and spent a lot of time on the edge of my seat.  I am 37 years old and started reading the Harry Potter books because of the excitement it was generating in my kids.  JKR actually gave my children a desire to read.  I personally don't think this book is appropriate for children under 13.  I believe she has written a book series that grows as her fans grow.  My now 16 year old will enjoy this book as much as he did the 1st one.
 I just Love the Harry Potter series and I am68 years old read and reread just wish there was more
 Have read it again and again. Would probably read many more times.
 Order of the Phoenix is a tough act to follow. And I must admit, reading the first couple hundred pages, it looked like Rowling followed it well. But overall the whole story is way overdone, and some of the dialogue is worthy of the movie "Dude, Where's My Car". There is some magic lost in the story with some of the "Muggle" retorts which Harry and his compadres come up with. But still, the language and mastery of writing is there.<br/><br/>The real problem with this book is that its too predictable, and it seems like its drawn from too many other things which we've seen already. For example, do the lines "We can't be together because my enemies would use you against me" remind you of a scene with Tobey Maguire and the very fine, gorgeous, sexy Kirsten Dunst? Harry and his new girlfriend, *****, have the very same conversation. And Rowling has characters which talk like Yoda ("In trouble, you are!"). And the worst part about the book is that the foreshadowing is too obvious, where, in a cave very reminiscent of Mount Doom (they might as well have included Smeagol in the book!)Dumbledore makes Harry promise him that he will follow orders. Yawn!<br/><br/>I loved the first five books, and I know that Rowling has more than one fan to win back with book seven!
 This book seemed to be just a filler between books 5 and 7.  It was like reading an encyclopedia, simply facts, which were needed and interesting. Seemed the ending was simply so something "big" could happen in book 6.  It was simply setting up for book 7.
 This book was a good read. I found the fifth book to be a bit slower but this one I zipped right through. Now it's onto the next to find out how this all ends!
 I liked it very much...I am in Italy and I ordered it from Amazon so I had to wait one month before I could read it. It is simply wonderful. I liked it a lot.<br/><br/>The Order of phoenix was very sad from the beginning, everythings seemed go wrong for Harry and even worse at the end. Book Six on the contrary opens with the feeling that everything will be OK! I don't want to spoil anything but Harry life at school seems to be perfect. But the end is very sad, I think you couldn't avoid some tears.<br/><br/>Ciao by Stefania
 Hey, look: I am a huge fan of Harry Potter. I have read about almost every single book in the series twice or more times. I love Harry Potter. I'm your typical Harry Potter fan, but I was extremely disapointed when I finished the latest installment, The Half-Blood Prince. I felt empty inside after reading it, as if many of my questions were not answered and more remain.<br/><br/>This is a darker book, with many unexpected things. J.K. Rowling is brilliant at "unexpected" things, but even for Nicholas Sparks standards, this one wasn't THAT unpredictable like many of the other installments in this series. The other books had its share of hallmark moments and moments where you really feel for the characters instantly, but this one, every character were one-dimensional, one-note, and uncharming even.<br/><br/>Harry - probably one of the best characters ever created - is supposed to be a hero. What makes Harry works is that he is a flawed hero - he doesn't understand others at times. It really breaks the traditional "hero" law. But he has his friends, though. And his friends were portrayed as brats in this book as far as I'm concerned. Ron, who I have loved throughout this series is someone that I wanted to hit with a baseball bat. He is such a ... freak. And the nickname "Won-Won" doesn't give his character any more spirit than what he is. Hermione on the other hand was someone that I always liked reading about. I liked her smarts and intelligence - she is a joy to read about - but in this book, I wished she was ... gone. I hated how she was in the book. She was overexaggerating. But I preferred her over Ron. And there is an absolute lack of character development, which was the source of the other books. This book is mainly about Harry and his friends. That's it. If you aren't adored by Harry Potter, you're out of this story and only would be borrowed for a few cameos.<br/><br/>This book also underrates many of its characters. There are too many "added" characters, as to say that McLaggen guy, which I didn't like at all. But many of the characters proven effective were missing. Such as Neville, whom I actually grown to love, Luna, whom I think is the one "everybody-can-relate-to" - and also the classroom scenes were shorten. We don't have a lot of insight into Snape as the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher except the first day. It's quite disappointing to see all that classic points in HP evaporate.<br/><br/>So the characters are growing up. Yay. That can only speak for one thing: Romance. I'm a pretty opiniated person, but the romance in this book was almost horrific. Fine, Rowling may be having fun writing it - it shows - but it's not very impressive. She needs to understand if she had to write an romance/drama/comedy/action/fantasy novel, she really needs to have the romance grow. I was surprised that I enjoyed the tiny romance in the The Da Vinci Code than this one. Teenage romance flicks in novels are often described as "sweet" - but I have never read a more obnoxious romance subplot than this one. And the couples are too surprising (well, Ron and Hermione shippers can smile because that's a bit predictable ... at the end, I guess) - well, the minor couples are surprising, but not really for the major couples. But Dumbledore always repeats the subject about "love" to Harry, so I guess we need to read about 100 pages on teenage romance.<br/><br/>This book is probably worthy of 2.5 stars (as you can see, I gave it 2 stars) - the stars come from the well-written Pensieve scenes. The scenes are handled with exciting details. Rowling seems to have a love affair with her Pensieve scenese - it's her rare treat in books introduced in Goblet of Fire. It's the only scenes I look forward to. I like the insight into Voldemort - it's interesting even though it wasn't necessary. But I loved it anyway - it made the plot run along.<br/><br/>Throughout the story, Harry seemed to have an overwhelming obsession to stalk Malfoy - not very intriguing until we find out that Malfoy made Crabbe and Goyle disguise themselves as girls. Malfoy's pretty smart, even though he's not THAT smart. I guess he can be a bit unpredictable sometimes, but Harry seemed to have a pointless route stalking him because Malfoy seemed quicker (and smarter) than Harry.<br/><br/>There's really not twist in the end. The "Half-Blood Prince" really isn't the appropriate title for the book anyway - it's just the twist that really concerns the nickname - but the person who IS the "Half-Blood Prince" is predictable once you read the book (hello ... advanced potions making book ...). The twist is just a death of a character (pretty sad, but the sadness doesn't really builds itself to making you want to cry even though we do love that character) - and I didn't find it that scary either.<br/><br/>I assure you, after reading this book you wouldn't say it's the best out of the bunch, but you'll be obsessd with making theories ... trust me. But it took me about two days to finish, so I flipped back and forth with the theory making - it's just more interesting.<br/><br/>Anyway, to be absolutely clear: 2.5 stars. It's an OK book compared to others, but I was clearly disappointed - not a good book for HP standards, that's all. And I'm not trying to be immature, but the romance brought the "ew" phase back.
 Everything is perfect but a few spelling errors thanks a lot!I read every one of them they are so good.
 Wow I can't believe what happens. Even though there are some things I wish never did happen it was still so very interesting read it read it. Ps  try not to through the book while reading!
 Great book and a quick read compared to book 5.
 i preordered my copy 6 weeks in advance and was guaranteed delivery on release date which never arrived, i did receive it 2 days later and i'm already finished. 1) amazon custer service is excellant, they responded to my email requesting a refund within 10 hours and granted it and 2) the story is amazing, it's a little more adult than the previous 5, but harry isn't going to remain a kid forever. Harry and his friends are realizing that the wizarding world isn't just Quidditch and sweets from hogsmeade. I'm glad that we get to grow with the characters and i applaude J.K Rowling for taking a chance and delivering something a little different each time.
 I find book 6 not fit to be read by children below 13.  It's too violent especially the last part when they were fighting against the death eaters.  I don't know if Rowling will be able to end the story on her next book.  Harry hasn't reach the level yet in which he'll be able to beat Voldemort. I did not like this book as much as I loved The Goblet of Fire.  I would not recommend mothers to let their children read this book unless they're mature enough.
 I would read it again after I finish the last book. I am so exited to see Harry's next adventure!!!!!
 Who are you, and why have you not ready Harry Potter. It's the work of an entire generation. It's simply amazing. Read it.
 i was so excited when i got this.. i went to the midnight maddness at the local chapters so i got it around 12:20 and i imediatly went home and read the first 100 pages. i took a break and finished the rest... it takes a while to get into, as the beggining is slow (yet amusing)  but it really starts to build up and the last 100 (or so) pages are Phenominal.  When you find out who dies (and how the person dies) you will be shocked... but it seems like we should all know..<br/>All over an awesome read and i look forward to the seventh book<br/>p.s you will be very surprised at the new D.A.D.A teacher
 Still love it! Always a good re-read!
 Awesome. Just plain awesome. Would not recommend for kiss under the age of ten because of violence and rude language.
 This book is the next wonderful addition to our Harry Potter series collection.  It is amazing how she come up with all the details, facts, and storylines to keep going!<br/><br/>The ending is different...I was moved and a little sad for a while, but that is the effect of a great book - the emotion stays with you!<br/><br/>Keep them coming!  Harry and friends are a part of our lives - stories that bridge the generation gaps, and can be enjoyed by all ages!
 I'm a teacher and a mother, and I can't wait to read all of these books with my daughter when she is old enough!  I love anything that can get kids to read, and this series is amazingly successful at getting kids to read.  As a teacher, I see a real increase in kids wanting to create their own wonderfully imaginative stories, and I believe that sensation is a direct effect of books like the Harry Potter series.  LOVE IT!
 At the age of 45, my daughter convinced me to read the series.  I cannot believe that I got so involved with each character that I actually cried at the end.  Thanks Krystal for sharing your love for the Harry Potter world with me.
 Now Dumbledore is gone.  Killed by a trusted friend.  To go that far and  find that it was a fake horcrux.
 Upon waiting what seemed like forever, I finally got my hands on Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. This book does not disappoint, and is filled with unexpected surprises (Rowling's specialty). It's very different from the other five books in terms of content. That's because it's filled with more narration to prepare readers for the seventh book. Overall, Half Blood Prince is emotional, exciting, and well written. I can't wait for book seven to come out!
 The twists in this volume are breathtaking, on the edge of your seat fun.  One minute your rooting for Harry, the next minute your screaming for him to stop "don't do that!".  One of her best books, although I have enjoyed all of them.  I am waiting on pins and needles to read the last of the series.
 I'm reading all the books and enjoying the movies immediately after. Fantastic series that nobody should miss out on. Trust me!
 This was a great cd book.  Only one small problem was experiences.  Near the end of Disk3 there was a audio qlitch which made it very hard or not possible to hear for about three minutes or so.  Not too serious, and I sure don't want to make too big a deal of it but it was/is slightly damaged.  I don't know what to do exactly.
 Fabulous......each book just gets better and better. I have read all the books myself, to my daughter and now I am reading them to my son.
 This is definitely the best book so far, I could not put it down! This book, however, takes a depressing turn, becoming much more dark than the preceding 5 books. My only complaint it "why do I have to wait 2-3 more years to see what happens?!" Definitely a tearjerker, also. A bond grows even stronger between Harry and this character in this book, then you see the character ripped away...it's quite sad. I didn't believe the newspaper reviews when they said, "there will be tears around the world for the Harry Potter character who dies." But I did cry. It is an AMAZINGGGGG book, and I would reccomend it to anyone, of any age. If you do not like Harry Potter, you have no heart or soul.
 Not much more can be said about this book, the entire series, about Harry and J.K. Rowling!!<br/><br/>If you want a wild ride through the most imaginative adventures that anyone ever had and meet the most frightening, unique creatures in the Universe, you MUST read these books.<br/><br/>WOW!
 This one had me at the edge of my seat wanting to read more and more every day. Very good.
 This is my favorite so far.
 As a teacher, I was very impressed with all of JK Rowling's Harry Potter books stimulating reluctant readers to attempt a much longer book when they first came out.  Now I have thoroughly enjoyed another visit to these stories again.
 Though this book is very different from the rest, I feel that it is one of the best. Less action and more information is given to us. We learn about Dumbledore's craziness and even have new mysteries to solve. What peaks my interest the most though is the growth of the characters. In this novel, you can distinctly see the "golden trio" is growing up. It leaves you with a feeling of accomplishment in the end. Although I am eighteen, I still love Harry Potter. I think that the maturation of the characters is what keeps me coming. They are constantly evolving just as us teenagers are. I cannot wait until the seventh book comes out.
 AMAZING.
 I think this book was amazing.It was really funny and had a lot of drama.I would totally recommend this to someone who likes drama,action,spells,and a bit of sadness 👍🏻❤️😍
 IT IS THE BEST BOOK IN THE HARRY POTTER SERIES EVER :):):)ITS REALLY GOOD I LIKE THE CHAPTER A VERY FROSTY CHRISTMAS THE BEST!!!!!!!!
 It begins! The search for the Horcruxes! (I have no idea if I spelled that right or how to SayIt!)
 5:30 Am Stanstead Airport All of the WH smith stores are selling harry potter. I got a copy and began reading. I wont give away the book but i simpley could not put the book down. I finished it in less that 24 Hrs and because of the time difference by US standards i was one of the first people to finish it. I am telling you this book is not the dissapointment that i found the last one. Explains alot of past myteries (like how voldemort is immortal). Get this book right now
 Hermione had been upset about her friends being in the hospital wing. Both away from Quiddich . Hermione helped Harry with the homework they had piled up.
 This is a really good action-packed book. I fully understand the story of Harry Potter now and his grudge against Lord Voldemort.
 I can't express to you just how much I loved this book. I finished it in 6 hours and 20 min. and now I can't wait until my sister finishes it so that I can read it once more. I was suprised by alot of things in the book including the just who the half blood prince is and I'm glad to say that I NEVER once even considered this person. Kudo's to J.K. Rowling who once again has brought Harry, Ron, Hermionie, Ginny, Neville, Malfoy and all of the other WONDERFUL characters to life before my very eyes on the pages of this fabulous book that children and adults alike will be reading and rereading for many many years to come.
 this book is awsome and  adventuring it is full of plans and plots. all children  should read it and rate it at least  a four or at the very least a five
 I LOVE the Harry Potter series.  This is probably the 6th time I've read the series and have read it to my kids!!  It will forever be a classic to me.
 This is a great alternative. This unabridged book on CD is enjoyable to listen to while in the car or at home doing other things. 17 full CDs tell the complete story that is HP6. I have some of the earlier Harry Potter books on cassette tape and this one was every bit as good with the same reader (Jim Dale) and excellent audio quality.
 I read this in two days and I liked it much better than the Order of the Phoenix.  In the Phoenix Harry seems to be much more angry and depressed as any teenager is, but in this one he seems to have worked through a lot of his anger.  I don't care for how it ended but I guess Rowling had no choice but to make it a cliffhanger for her next and last book in the Potter series.  As always this book was an enjoyable read as all the others were and I hated when it ended. It could have been a little longer in my opinion.
 The 6th book made me sad. The 5th book did too.  I longed for The fun of books 1-3 -- especially the Prisoner of Azkaban.  That is to say, Ron, Harry and Hermione used to have fun and say witty things.  Remember when Ron made fun of Hermione's dentist parents?  Now, I can no longer find any of the fun stuff that made earlier books so enjoyable.  Where is the euphoria of a broom ride?  Where is the happiness of freeing your uncle from prison?  Now it is all trauma-drama sad.  Perhaps the author is trying to reflect our current world-war infected times.  Worse yet, she has lost her sense of wit.
 I am a Harry Potter fan, and couldn't wait to get my hands on this book.<br/><br/>The fourth one is my all time favorite, but this one comes close. Many important things happen, you find out about Voldemort's past, an important fact is reveal about one of Hogwart's professors...<br/><br/>An important book in the series, and the darkest.
 Wow. Amazing book to read if you are interested in fanatics and the wrizarding world. Harry, Ron, and Hermine are faced with many challenges in the book and in the future.
 I am again disappointed in the newest Harry Potter book, as I was in number 5. I may buy the last book, when it comes out, in order to have the set but I will not rush to own it.<br/><br/>This story isn't as magical or as inventive as the earlier books. Nothing gripping or intriguing happens other than people bashing each other with spells. The characters do not seem to grow and the lack of skill development by the hero leaves a lot to be desired. A hero that isn't able to learn and doesn't excel at anything but gets by on luck can only last so many books - I think 4 was the limit.<br/><br/>Too bad I had such high hopes.
 Great book and a great series
 with less attention to detail that was so enjoyable.  Too many things happen and are rushed through or not explained thoroughly.<br/><br/>Some major mistakes,as in Dumbledore telling Harry he would find out the cause of his (Dumbledores) injured hand,  as in dementors are breeding when she plainly has said in interviews they do not breed. The last part of the book felt like too many things had to be crammed in without giving the reader any reason why. This is an unhappy turn in a great series.
 wow, really is the best book yet. the way J.K. Rowling writes her books just amazes me. i have read a lot of novels including The Chronicles of Narnia, but they never put me so into the book as the Harry Potter books do. When i read the 5th book for the first time ( ive read it almost 10 times now) i couldn't believe how sad it made me Sirius died. It almost felt as if my godfather died. Same thing happened when Dumbledore died. It took me almost an hour and a half to convince myself that it was only in the book, but i still was in shock until i finished the book. Very few writers, like C.S. Lewis, J.R.R. Tolkien, and few others, write as well as J.K. Rowling. With this book she might have surpassed them all.
 This is my 4th time reading this book, I don't think I will ever (no matter how older I will get) be bored from reading this amazing series. Big Harry Potter Fan! Totally recommend, you have to read it!!
 This is where the real harry potter story starts. All the previews books are just preparations to the amazing, jaw dropping, heart stopping events in this book &amp; book 7. It will be very hard to enjoy any other book once these two are read. A master peice.
 I of course had to read HBP as soon as I could and started at 8 am the day of its release.  The book has more humour then the others and more romance.  It didn't focus too much on the war, which I first found odd, and then realistic.  Rowling makes the point that the world keeps turning even in the most deadly circumstances.<br/><br/>The death of a major character was very sad, but not completly unexpected.  There are many hysterical scenes and Rowling adds new depth to Harry and his world, rightly.  It is another wonderful book.
 I loved the storytelling and of course the characters we've watched grow up. There is much that is good in here about loyalty and discipline (both Harry's and Snape's). Nicely done.
 so i just finished reading harry potter and the half-blood prince and like all the other books in the series before it, it was fantastic. i have never found a series such like this that i love so much i am totally dedicated to this and feel sad that there will only be one book. hopefully as a money-making scheme, rowling will decide to do an after-hogwarts series where we see harry ron and hermione as adults and jobs and maybe even children attending hogwarts? i would love a where are they now harry potter. there is so much left i cannot see how rowling can fit it all into one book. there are FOUR horcruxes left, then voldemort himself to defeat! the only dissapointment i had in this book was that it was 200 pages short of order of the pheonix!! i know it must be hard but i wish she couldve at least written the same amount. the year went by too quickly. i cryed when dumbledore died that deeply saddened me. now harry is all alone with no one to guide him. he must face the long task alone, or at least without a wise adult such as dumbledore. then again there is talk of dumbledore coming back to life. perhaps he will appear in visions, like obi-one in star wars did to luke skywalker. i wish dumbledore had made a horcruz but that seems an evil thing that dumbledore would not do and, there being only one book left in the series it does not seem likely since he will have to regain his strength etc which took voldemort 2 books to do. i hope we do not see the last of dumbledore though. harry has been through so much my heart goes out to him. i felt the book ended very unsatisfying for we were left with the enormous grief of dumbledores death. this was intended though but i feel empty when the book ended, not wanting to beleive he was truly dead. i hate snape and i think he truly is on the dark side. i hope harry kills him and avenges dumbledores death for he is a VERY nasty wizard. i kept waiting for harry to un-jinx himself to come to dumbledores aide and save him but harry did not. i thought harry would regain his powers and kill snape just before he killed dumbledore. this would have been a more just ending.ohwell though. the final book must go by quickly, for  do not see how harry can recover 4 horcruxes in one book, but we shall see. it seems apparent he has abandoned his ambitions to become an auror because he will not be returning to school, or so he says. i dont see how there can be a 'seventh year' if he is not at hogwarts. it just wont be the same without dumbledore. i am pretty sure he wont come back to life though, for his portrait is hanging on the wall. perhaps he will offer assistance through it. or like i said before, appear to harry to guide him. without dumbledore though, harry does not seem strong enough a wizard to fight voldemort. he must kill him though for he is now the only one who knows about the horcruxes and if harry ever dies or fails to kill voldemort, voldemort may never die and terrorize the wizarding community forever.
 I came into the Harry Potter world rather late but caught up quickly as I read all the first 5 books within one week's time. Waiting for this edition was not much fun but made easier by the movies filling the time. Half Blood Prince was just as I had expected and more. J.K. Rowlings is leading us all down a path which will ultimately end either on an extremely happy note or one of tears and goodbyes. The theories now abound as this book's end is known to many if not most fans, I am so looking forward to what is my understanding the last we will hear of Harry, Hermione, Ron and the rest of our friends and enemies at Hogwarts.
 Awesome<br/><br/>Poor people in New York Times article on the five lives of our cat in New Orleans hornets fire Byron Scott and the five lives of our cat in the world of a Utah jazz festival is the first to comment you are looking at least yup to go back in a few poop to do so that you have any idea of the world of a Utah jazz temple of a Utah jazz temple of a Utah jazz temple of a few days ago by referrers and its first time since the world is a few poop the five minutes ago celebrities are looking at the world is not a few days after the<br/><br/>Awesome
 The sixth of seven books in the series. Depended on your memory of previous books which were better and this one seemed to be setting up for the last in the series. It, did not have the excitement of the battles and angst of the past books. Could not stand alone, and was subdued in the nature of the Problems of young maturation and of the protagnasts. It did not get into the development of change in their maturing and a mystry around the evil as in the past.This one did not have the omph of the eariler mystry for the hero to meet. Over all good english, good development but not to the excelence of the previous five.
 This book really tied up some loose ends for me after watching the movies. This had been my favorite of the series thus far.
 No spoilers here :).After anxiously awaiting the new HP book, I can say without a doubt that it definitely holds its own with the rest of the series.  The book is excellent as i had to read it all in 1 day.  Many questions are answered and some are left unanswered.  The book tends to become or make you feel emotional, especially the ending, but I don't want to say more in case of spoiling it for you.  I can honestly say that before reading this book, I did not have an inkling who the half-blood prince was and there is definitely a twist there.  A must read!!!!
 awesome
 This was a very sad and wonderfu book all at the same time....I can't wait to watch the movie...Looking foward to reading #7...
 Let's get right to the point: Harry Potter doesn't deserve to be the current best-selling children's book series. It's not really that bad, but it's not as good as you would think with its popularity.<br/><br/>The characters, first of all, are being becoming stale in this book. They're one-dimensional and are just used to further the plot (no character development).<br/><br/>The story in this book doesn't have as much action as Harry Potter fans desire from the books. Many secrets are revealed, but some of these are just so cliched that you will cringe. Lots of Dumbledore's lines make him seem like a book. He's just...reading off these secrets to Harry.<br/><br/>By no means is this is a bad book. If you are a fan of the series, you MUST read it. If you are just starting the series, do not begin with this one -- it will spoil too many things for you. The book is good, but should be better. It really doesn't meet the hype...<br/><br/>FINAL SCORE: 3 stars
 This is, arguably, the best book in the series - dark and fast-paced. I wouldn't have recommend it to children, though usually their nerves are better than adults'. I believe that all readers - no matter what their preferences, predictions and opinions were - will find something astonishing in the book.<br/><br/>I'm more and more curious about the book 7. As far as I see now, it can go two ways - either a simple, childish one - "Harry killed them all and lived happily ever after"; or more cynical path of "you havent'n expected this twist... or that one!"
 Once I finished this book, I reflected upon it and realized that this is perhaps the best book in the series. The characters were finally developing, the plot never seemed to drag along, and thankfully, there were very little Quiditch tournements to worry about. The only issue I have with this book is that there was one grammar error. And I would recommend this book to any one, regardless the age. Whether you are 5 or 6 years old or 50 or 60 years old. Other reviewers say that those under 10 or *gasp* 15 should not read the book, however, I would ask these readers to look at what their kids watch on the television and then judge what they should or should not read. Great book for ALL ages.
 For the post part I liked this book.  The book contains humorous elements especially the first chapter and romantic elements as the characters are well into their teens and starting to date more.  It sounded just like what I went through in HS with petty jealousies.  The ending is sad as someone close to Harry is killed in the war and someone I hoped was a good person turned out to be a bad person.  Hopefully Book 7 will come out next year and reveal the final events.
 One of the best books in the series.
 I love this series!!!! I keep revisiting and I am mesmerized each and every time;!!!
 Harry Potter is phenomenal..I can't think of any other word other than "brilliant".<br/><br/>I own the original hardback edition and also the Deluxe edition, which I am oddly enough, proud to own.<br/><br/>J.K. Rowling is an immensely talented women (even my mother says so, and she's never read any Harry Potter books!) and I can't thank her enough for creating the magical world of Harry Potter.<br/><br/>I'm 17 and although these books are made for kids, there's living proof that people of all ages can enjoy and equally appreciate Harry Potter as much as the munchkins do.<br/><br/>This book is a must read for all fans of HP, I proudly say that it is THE most accomplished Harry Potter book written so far and surpasses years 1-5 at Hogwarts without doubt.<br/><br/>I don't want to give anything away..I hate it when people do that to me..I feel as if it just spoils the whole book, gives away all that feeling of anxiousness and excitement to the book, and I can't enjoy it as much.<br/><br/>And though I don't understand why, this book is very underrated, don't pay attention to others who thinks it's not good enough or thinks it's not in the rank of the other books, it's complete rubbish.
 I wasn't disippointed in the least by the new Harry Potter book, though I've noticed the few grammer mistakes here and there, like many readers. The book was more mature than the others, with the romance and darker plot. I hadn't excpected the death at the end, and I kept thinking, "There's not way that Rowling killed him off, he's gonna come back!, but he didn't.<br/><br/>The Hermione-Ron thing was predictable, but still interesting, and you could tell the Ginny thing was coming, but I thought that Rowling would keep them together through the end of the book. I thought that there were a couple loose ends, but the ending was similiar to all the others, but a little sadder. Even when you're anticipating the 7th book, you can still be satisfied with it.<br/><br/>My vote: Read it, like all the other Harry Potter books!
 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix was far less than I anticipated.<br/><br/>And it simply got worse.<br/><br/>Where in the world has the plot gone, and why did zombies come devour the brains of my favorite characters?<br/><br/>The Golden Trio have digressed in age and intelligence, and are now stereotypical and boring teenagers. Yuck. A great many of the characters are superficial, and the drastic changes seem downright unreal to me. Harry Potter became a whiny brat, and Draco Malfoy was the only character who struck me as realistic.<br/><br/>The majority of the plot was blah blah this, and blah blah that, and one can seriously read the first couple of chapters, skim a bit of the middle, read the last few chapters, and be done with it. There were hundreds of pages of filler!<br/><br/>One of the greatest things that annoyed me was Rowling's implication that Riddle was born evil. I think that this is absolutely wrong! The events that occur around us and the interactions the we have, play a great role in determining who we become. The way Rowling wrote about it was far too cookie-cutter and far too simplistic. This cookie-cutter way of thinking was reflected not only in this, but in the entire book.<br/><br/>And Dumbledore. His sudden, blatantly obvious, manipulative behavior left me shaking my head, and after the events at the end of the book, I thought, "Oh well!"<br/><br/>I thought a more suitable ending would be that the entire wizarding world blew up and the chickens took over the ruins of Diagon Alley. That's how unrealistic I thought the entire book was.<br/><br/>After the Goblet of Fire, a book that was a strong favorite of mine, the series simply went downhill. I am very disheartened to say that I have read fanfiction that was far more mature in both writing and plot.
 This was the 4th time I read this and enjoyed it just as much as the 1st. Will undoubtedly read again and again
 Good condition, thank you!
 Fast read much more details you don't get from the movies!
 Love the series it was the best book I have ever read it gives a lot of books a run for there money!
 I would recommend this book to people who like action. I would recommend all the Harry Potter books to you. But I don't recommend this to people who are really emotional. it is really awesome! There is some fighting in the end. You see lots of memories.
 At first when I read the book, I was so relieved that Harry was no longer the angry, sullen teenager he had been in Book 5... until I realized Hermione was channelling all that teenage angst and then some. I HATED her in this book. Aside from the ridiculous level of her jealousy and anger, she was so stuck up and completely insufferable about the fact that Harry was outdoing her in Potions. Get over yourself!!! But I really was glad to see that Harry matured a lot, in Book 5 he would have thrown a tantrum at the Minister of Magic, now he just sets him straight clearly without all the dramatics. Anyways, I was very disappointed in the book like so many reviewers before me, I feel like the author was just filling in the gap between numbers 5 &amp; 7. I'm glad I borrowed the book &amp; didn't buy it!!!
 awesome but dark!
 A wonderful piece of literature!
 The book is so much better than the movie because the book just brings it all to life and makes you feel the emotions.
 Another year at Hogwarts. I felt that 6 seemed very different from the first five. The biggest difference I noticed was that Harry was never an underdog. He didn't have Snape, Malfoy, Umbridge, and Fudge picking on him. That's one of the things that was so great about Order of the Phoenix. It was frustrating, but you really felt bad for Harry. I thought learning about Voldemort's past was fascinating, and I loved all of the romantic problems. It seemed very natural as the trio are 16. This book was up to par with the first 5, but not the best of the series.
 Excellent!
 While The Half-Blood Prince is a good book - because Harry Potter books seem to always manage to be better than your average tale - I'd place it at the bottom of the series so far, which saw its highlight with Book 4.  Many don't agree, calling the 4th book "formulaic", but what The Goblet of Fire had that the later books seemed to lack was a PLOT.  The 4th was the strongest and most compelling book in the series, and personally I think that's because it represented a clever and exciting culmination of the whole of the Harry Potter universe all wrapped up in that tournament.<br/><br/>But things took a downward turn with Book 5 - the slow, galumphing meandering of The Order of the Phoenix was overlong and introduced an obnoxious and flatly annoying title character that has become heroic merely by chance and only after his blindly stubborn foolishness has put himself and others in danger.  The noble, intelligent and temperate Harry of old seems to be gone - now the young man who made the biggest of heroic gestures by simply choosing to stand by Ron rather than shake Malfoy's hand would apparently now just throw an unforgivable curse or two out to prove his heroism.  And really, is it heroic to save yourself and your friends from the trouble your blind stupidity got you into in the first place?  Why does failing to use your head, thereby giving you no choice but to be "heroic" or die equate nobility?  Rowling is making it increasingly difficult to root for Harry as a hero, and The Half-Blood Prince continues this downward spiral, making Harry the least likable of her entire roster of good guys by choosing to illustrate him as a shouting, insufferable child who is never far from another temper-tantrum.  Why Rowling continues to define "bravery" in her characters as nothing more than intemperate, blind action without thought is a mystery to me.<br/><br/>I didn't find much plot in the Half-Blood Prince, it doesn't tell us a story so much as give us somewhat unneeded backstory, making the story feel at a stand-still referring back on itself rather than going anywhere.  The book kind of drifts along like Luna Lovegood, dreamily giving us bits of exposition within the Harry Potter universe, "Saaaaay, look at that!  I didn't know that about Lord Voldemort, did you?  Weeeell, it's a good thing I pointed it out in this book so you all could know.  Even though there's no plot or structure to give this information much real point.  But anyway, about that Crumped-Horned Snorcack..."  The book barely takes advantage of the Hogwarts atmosphere or the characters.  The concentration on Harry's and Ron's love life is a welcome bit of fun, but the final realization of this never amounts to much within the story, making the whole exercise feel hollow and meaningless.  The ending comes across as anti-climactic and unsatisfying to the extreme and represents the failings of the whole book in that final scene (in my opinion) - Harry watches uselessly as things play out before him for the sake of information to the reader.  How likeable can a character be when he rarely takes an active part in the story bearing his own name?<br/><br/>Here's hoping the 7th book can swings things upward again.
 Harry Potter's 6th adventure is very exciting and recommended to everyone. It has been a pleasure to watch Harry grow up and now to see him as a mature young man. J.K. Rowling has set up a finale that will leave people excited about this series for generations to come. I know that many have been sad about the ending of this particular adventure, but I think that surprises will abound in 7 and that things are not what they seem.
 Very good story,<br/>keeps you up and reading until the end!<br/>Who knew what would happen?<br/>wow!<br/>What a great book!
 So shocking!
 Great!
 i love this book. it is so sad but it  is amazing! i cry every time i read this (which is a lot).  i recommend this book to anyone and everyone!!
 Now, before I begin, I think that what J.K. Rowling has done is great.  Tons of kids have put extra time into learning to read just so that they can soak up these books, and her novels have themselves started campaigns to raise literacy rates across the globe.  And that ain't worth nothing.  That isn't to say, though, that I believe that all of her praise is due.  Hardly a word of what is written in the standing 6 installments of the Harry Potter series is even approaching original.  Hardly a word is anything less than predictable, either, and it is clear that Rowling herself has written each novel increasingly reacting to pressure from fans.  It isn't the mark of an author to sculpt books around what fans clamor for, but much of what she has written is not her ink.  For example: it is clear that the ever-increasing death rate in the books has been placed in deliberately, at the will of those wanting more realism.  Oh, yeah, spoiler alert.  So, in the fourth, we were all told pre-release that "oh no!  Someone dies!"  And, of course, being avid fans, we ate it up.  Yeah, all of us.  Who did it turn out to be?  A nobody.  A minor, secondary character, that was never given any depth whatsoever (the treatment that Rowling gives to many of her characters).  The next book comes along, and to react to the readers realization that the last death meant nothing and was Rowling trying to bring the book to more "adult" readers by making the series dark, another character dies.  This time, an important one.  But, oh no, once again, a one-sided character that was never developed or played any large role in the story that we read.  Sure, he was important to Harry; he was never made important to the reader, however, which seems to be Rowling's M.O.  So, in the following book, just to reassure everyone that she is ready to churn out something "serious" and "dark" and "adult," Rowling kills off a major character, finally one of the, oh, five that have been in any way developed.  Stunning, I'm sure, to the readership who weren't able to read at the time of the American popularization of the series.  Anyone older than that, though, is fooling themselves to say that they were surprised by anything that has happened since the start of Book 1.  This book, like it's predecessors, was unoriginal, unsurprising, and remains firmly mediocre.
 Well jkr does it again this book was great i finished it in 1 day i just couldnt put it down ok well this book didnt have as much adventure then book # 4 (which is currently my faverout) but it was still AWESOME yes everyone dumbledore dies but u know wat i kind of thought he would and the end because whle hes around the prophesy couldnt be fulfilled he would almost always come to harrys rescue and we all know harry has to kill voldemort ALONE. and yess SNAPE does kill dumbledore he was evil right from the start but u know wat i was wondering is NARSSICA a death eater i dunno she doesent really seen all that evil i mean all she want is to protect her only son and she kind of hates voldemort for making her son a death eater yes draco is a death eater and in this book he is sent to kill dumbledore by voldemore but he doesent have the guts to do it i the end so snape kills him instead although malfoy does all the work and he makes up the plan to kill him.........dumbledore already knew that he was a death eater(he becomes a death eater in THIS book) but he also knew draco was not a killer and he wouldnt kill him altho he tried very hard to and he almost killed ron and katy bell in the process.......Harry ron and hermione r most likely to not go back to hogwarts next year altho it might not even reopen after dumbledores death harry will be going to godrick hollow to visit his  parents  graves and i think its about tme BUT not before he attends the wedding of BILL AND FLEUR and another happy coule TONKS AND LUPINNNNNNNN!! and of course harrys #1 girlfriend GINNY(but they break up in the end because harry knows its too risky) but i was a bit dissapointed that ron and hermione didnt get together in this book but they will mark my words this books shows that ron and hermione have feeling 4 each other (i know the other books do to but this book REALLY proves it) ok thats about it im not going to tell u aything else but i can tell u this this book is very good GET IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My son says it's great!!!
 After his ego trip into the teen-age crisis in books 4 and 5, Harry finally comes of age in book 6. He manages to act responsibly and to take orders from his better. He is still human, irritable and occasionally rash, but manages to give his best in dire straights. He's truly becoming a man who can love and go beyond titillation. Cheers for the man.
 Harry Potter and the Half Blooded Prince, was a dramatic, sort of on the edge of your seat with some of the chapters of the book, with some romance in the air.<br/><br/>The book begins with the typically beginning with him at his aunt and uncles house.  He then goes to the Weasley's house for most of the summer.  Harry is very on the edge of his seat in this book he is always thinking that malfoy is always up to something so he goes crazy with following him around.  Harry goes on many adventures with the headmaster to figure out how to stop Lord Voldermont.<br/><br/>The book has a very sad end to it.  All and all this is very good book I would recommend it to anybody  who is a fan of the Harry Potter series.
 Absolutely loved it - couldn't wait to read the next one!
 It's funny that each book had more pages than the next up to #4 and then less pages for each book afterwards. This does nothing to stop Harry Potter and the Half-Blood prince from being another NO.#1 hit for J.K. Rowling. I loved every page of it. Rowling continues to take the reader out of reality and into a world of wizardry with adventure, mystery and suspense.
 Delightful! Great imaginative thrust. Clear, compelling voice. Strong themes regarding education, government, and moral sensibility.
 Excellent as all the books in the series are.
 They book was definitely a exhilirating and it will embrace your expectations and rip them out throughout the story. It kept me reading alot more than in the 4th or 5th book. I indulged myself with the book but realized some inconsistancies like the scene of Dumbledore swimming with an injured hand, and Harry's sensitivity towards things. And the ending was really intense and I was NOT ready for it at all. I read the last few chapters and I just said; "What?!?". How is the story supposed to go on? A part of me within that story emptied and I really had no clue how the story could possibly go on into anymore of something worth telling. It was like scraping my knee badly while running and reluctant to go back to that place. I'm just confused and sad. And "Um..." would just about describe it.
 This was a great read, I have never been so anxious to get to the end of a book to see what happened.  I have not read any of the previous books but saw the movies and now I wish I had read them all.  After reading this I also bought and read the Deathly Hallows and finished that within a week.
 I read the HBP in one sitting.  To be fair to Rowlings, despite the uneven quality of the writing and the dialogue, I couldn't put the book down.  I cared about the characters and what was going to happen to them.<br/><br/>It is a very dark book and I left feeling very depressed.  To my mind the plot twists were not satisfactorily explained.  I hope Rawlings will spend time exploring these in the final book.  Why one character betrays another is not clear and it is not believable at this point.  Of course there is always Volume 7 to clarify things.<br/><br/>It was more tightly written than the last one, thank goodness! I found Book 5 intensely annoying and it could have easily been 300 pages shorter.  However, HBP is exactly long enough.<br/><br/>The only characters really developed or explored in this book are Harry, Dumbledore and the young Voldemort.  We do get to see a different side to Draco which makes him a far more interesting character than he's been portrayed up until now---could he actually not be as bad as we thought?  And it's hard to really believe that somehow Dumbledore is as stupid and naive as he's portrayed in this book.  People believing the best in other people is a wonderful quality, but there are limits!  Dumbledore's faith in a certain person is unrealistic and unwarranted by the details Rowling deigns to give us in this book.  I hope Book 7 exonerates him as a wise, but flawed man.<br/><br/>I found the romances extremely irritating, although probably realistic.  There is no plausibility of why Harry falls for who he does....his failures with Cho were far more interesting in the last book, than his relationship in this book.  Rowlings doesn't really explain why Harry is attracted to this person.  And the antics with Ron and Hermoine are just tedious and boring, but charecteristic of teen romance I suppose.<br/><br/>It is a relief that Harry is getting a grip and maturing.  I hate the lone hero concept though and would love to see more of the DA from the last book.  If it's all about love, then what about Harry drawing more strength and support from his friends and teachers?  His friends seem much more marginal to the plot than in previous books.  Hermoine, other than a romance interest for Ron and the brain who is always tut-tutting about the boys, Harry and Ron, from her superior stance, is a highly irritating and one-dimensional character.  I would love to see Rowlings develop her more in the next book.<br/><br/>I did like how the book parallells current day political events with concerns for terrorism, security, etc.  That the Londing bombings occured just over a week before the book came out was ironic.  This book is much more philosophical and explores good and evil and how to cope with it.  In that sense, it may inspire people to deal with terrorism, security threats, and good and evil in constructive ways.  I certainly hope so.<br/><br/>HBP was a cliff-hanger and I will eagerly await the final book of the series.  I just hope it answers all my questions.  Although this wasn't my favorite book of the series, at the end of the day I care about the characters and what happens to Harry and his friends; and that so many millions of people do is the mark of an author who has captured the zietgeist of the times.  Well done J.K. Rowling!
 love love love love
 Still love this series.
 There are times while reading these books that I have to remember that not everything can go into the movies!! The books are so much more detailed and explain things that happen in the movies!! Love it!!!
 So much more to enjoy than the movie. Read and live in the world of Harry Potter.
 Its great.
 Great
 I loved Harry Potter starting with Book 1, realized that this story really isn't just for kids around Book 3, and have decided that J.K. is more amazing than I ever imagined after the Half-Blood Prince.<br/><br/>Harry's saga is taken to new heights and story lines that I didn't even pay attention to in previous books become powerful and important.  I had to go back and re-read books 1-5 just to see how everything really fit together.<br/><br/>Amazing!
 Good book
 SOOOOO GOOOOOD!!! :D
 Jim Dale does a great job reading this book. He clearly differentiates most of the voices and uses emphasis and acting abilities very effectively. The content itself is probably second only to the fourth HP in terms of quality.<br/><br/>Anyway, it was well worth listening to, even after having read the novel.
 Enjoyed it.
 Now he is 16, and as the book opens, bridges are collapsing. Wizards from the Ministry of Magic are popping out of the Prime Minister's fireplace to explain that the cause is not bad construction. It's evil. He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is back.<br/><br/>The book is full of hackish parallels with the current political situation - not all of which can be intentional. What are we to make of Hogwarts school, now in a state of siege, using `secrecy sensors' to scan the mail for dangerous devices? Or that the Ministry for Magic, reacting badly to public panic, mistakenly sends some innocent people to a faraway prison?<br/><br/>Then there's the romance. Yes, yuck, love -- which turns out to be a liability when fighting evil. The days are too dangerous to become bogged down by sentiment. There is simply too much treachery afoot in the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardy: unsecured portals, secret enemies.<br/><br/>This is an imoral universe where the young are corrupted into committing wrongdoing. Darco Malfoy, previously a cartoon-strip bully, is now viewed as a victim of wicked elders, who force him to become a `Death Eater'.<br/><br/>Halfway through, however, the plot is hampered by Harry and Dumbledore's ventures into the Pensieve: a device that allows them to explore people's memories. Watching scenes from Voldemort's past, to see what makes him tick, they do little but exchange very tedious chunks of exposition. The book feels less like a novel than an extended footnote to the earlier volumes.<br/><br/>The good news is that Harry is courageous and true. The bad news is that Voldemort's agents have more than Peruvian Vanishing Powder on their side. This is a book for children of mettle. It will reward them richly, but they must not whine; they too must be sunny and true and above all brave. The ending is almost too much to bear.<br/><br/>Definatly, this release suffers from "Roger Rabbit" syndrome.  So over hyped, that it can not possibly deliver.  However, since people put so much energy into hyping it - they will betray themselves as hypocrits and score it higher than it deserves - in my personal opinion.
 The series as a whole is just fantastic. Even if you have seen the movies I highly recommend reading the book, there is more detail.
 Great book.
 I love this whole series of books. I am an adult who reads all types of books and have read this series numerous times.
 This was such an amazing book! Thank God Rowling stepped up to the plate after the borderline Order of the Phoenix.<br/><br/>What you people don't understand is that Dumbledore HAD to die.  It's the only way for Harry to fufill the prophecy and defeat Voldemort.<br/><br/>Think about for a second, that is if you are capable, his parents died for him, then Sirius, and now Dumbledore--all people trying to protect him from the evil of Voldemort.  The point however is that Harry must face it himself!  The only way for him to do this was for Dumbledore to die. His time had passed. It's all up to Harry now...and I can't wait to see what happens. With Hogwarts now closed and Dumbledore gone, there is no limit to the plotlines of the hopefullynot final book.
 I really like this book.  From the moment I picked it up, I wanted to keep reading.  The closer I got to the end, the more I didn't want it to end.  JK Rowling's writing gives vivid pictorals that connect the mind to the book.  I felt like I was in the "Pensieve".  Beautiful.<br/><br/>  I couldn't believe who was killed.  I really couldn't believe who did it.  However, I don't believe it was out of hatred.  We'll find out next book though.  Of course there would have to be love in this book, they are 16 after all.<br/><br/>  This book had everything you need.  Humor, love, hate, mystery, suspense, and of course good and evil.  The ending leaves you in tears and wanting to have the seventh book attached to the back cover.  I just have one question: when's # 7 ???  I'm ready!
 This book was so much fun to read, I read it in one day and couldn't put it down.  Then, I read it again.  :)<br/><br/>As always, a very exciting plot, somewhat different in style and content from the other hp books, but the characters are really developing, and I really cared about them.<br/><br/>And..something very big happens in the end!  (I'm not spoiling the ending, read it and find out :))
 Love it.
 i read it and it is so good i hope you all feel it ha i reccomended this book to all .Dumbledore is dead at the end.
 what else can be said
 There have been many negative reviews that accuse this book of not having a good enough plot or that the book is useless except for being a set up for the seventh book but I disagree. There are important revelations and the plot is just as good as any other fantasy book out now. It's also the first book where I found myself actually feeling bad for a character when they get themselves in danger. This book is definately worth the hype.
 This book is so awesome please get it and see how good it<br/>is my favorite series HARRY POTTER RULES!!!!!!!!! :):):):):):):) YOU WON'T REGRET IT!!!!!;);):):-)
 I loved J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince! Every other page was an adventure and I couldn't put it down! Immediately after finishing, I took out The Deathly Hallows from the library and bought it on my kindle!!
 I loved this book with all me heart and soul.  The chapters were quick, the action fast paced, and the anwsers to my satisfaction.  Fans of the series should be warned that this book is very sad because for the first time in the series, one can actually see it coming to an end.  Yes, Mrs. Rowling has set the stage, and the events that will carry us through the rest of the series have now been set into motion.  Wonderful!
 J.K.Rowling has done it again folks! another fantastic novel comes out of the brilliant mind of whom we love so much. this book Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince astounded me, shocked me and made me cry. the writer's words flowed out into my mind as well as if i had written the book myself. The way all of it ties in together with everything makes it so you dont even need an imagination to have  a great time reading this book. Although i did not like some parts it was by far the best book in the series by my records.
 It was awesome. It was sad much sad and I will miss Dumbledore. But it was funny heartbreaking and I can't wait to read the seventh book.
 It never ceases to amaze me that reviewers insist upon evaluating a book in series, and the Harry Potter series in particular, as a stand alone work.  Each installment in a series this large merely becomes a continuation of the story and has more value in its ability to advance the plot towards an inevitable end than as a work of fiction in and of itself.  What series, other than Stephen King's Dark Tower Series, has generated as much interest, ongoing loyalty and downright excitement? Although burdened with the same human foibles as everyone else (evidenced by my belief that Order of the Phoenix was the least enthralling "installment" in the HP series), I can say with conviction that Half Blood Prince is wonderful character driven storytelling that succeeds brilliantly in both advancing the story line as well as developing the characters that we have all have come to know and either love or revile.  A wonderful read and, while I look forward to the conclusion in the final book in the series, I worry about finding another series/story that shall create as much anticipation.  Here's hoping!
 JKR is a truly gifted writer. This sixth edition of the Harry Potter series is a seriously good read. I had been waiting in anticipation for months upon months for this new book to come out, and I certainly was not let down. In fact, I wish it had been 1000+ pages, so that it would last more than a couple days worth of reading. This newest installment was indeed darker than the previous books, and the plot thicker. Thicker in a good sense, though, for many previous and current plot lines combined to weave a truly unstoppable story.<br/><br/>Amazed again by the Harry Potter series. Can't wait for the next!
 Kids loved the book
 These cds are fabulous for family car trips.  The Narrator, Jim Dale, is amazing.  He makes Rowling's work an audible masterpiece.  Better than a video because the whole car gets to listen in (and watch the scenery as well.)  Time goes by so quickly, it eliminates the 'are we there yet' question.  Product arrived quickly and in the condition described.  Great value as well, less than half the retail cost.
 I have read through this whole series 3 times now and am still enjoying it. I am more impressed with JKR's writing each time through. Very engaging.
 I love it!!!!!&lt;3 :) ;)   :):]<br/>If love mystery and adventure and action you read this really good book!!!!
 I like all of the Harry Potter books. This one is one of six that I like. I would not read this book if books that are scary get in your dreams. If they do not then you should read this series. £¿
 Let me start by saying that I am a big Harry Potter fan. Read all the books, loved them, and waited eagerly for Book 6. There have been many reviews, but there are some factors that make this book very different.<br/><br/>The Harry Potter books have been popular, becasue people see themselves in the characters, and the books are always feel good romps, where good triumphs over evil. While Harry lost his godfather in book 5, he prevented The Dark Lord from getting the prophecy, got to hear the prophecy from Dumbledoor, and was vindicated (Voldemort was really back). The half blood price is a different story. The only good news is that Harry does not die. There have been several discussions on the chat boards, and people have felt depressed or physically unwell after reading the books, mostly kids.<br/><br/>The book does seem to suffer from very bad editing. I suspect that the original JKR manuscipt was about the length of Book 5, but was sloppily butcherd down to its current length. Some parts of the book go on and on (and could have been much shorter) while others make wild jumps, and you wonder what happened to the missing text.<br/><br/>There are some moral issues to consider before letting the kids read the book. Yes, Harry does "cheat" in potions class by using materials that others do not have access to (and he is not supposed to have either. Also, JKR seems to be sending a dangerous message.... it's OK to drop out of school. The Waesley twins did it in the last book, and a major characte does it at the end of this  book. Kids look up to the characterrs and occasionally imitate them. They are a role model of sorts.<br/><br/>Finally, the book plot lacks logic. There are things that occur that have no logic at all. The all insightful Dumbledore get hoodwinked for illogical reasons. Given his experiences with the consequences of holding back info from Dumbledore, you think that he would have learned the lesson by now. Characters take dramatic turns in their nature, without believable reason or substantiating character development. It was disappointing.<br/><br/>Overall, this was the first Potter book that I had to force my way through. After waiting all this time, I feel as betrayed as Dumbledore.
 This book is pure genius! J.K. Rowling has done it again. It's funny, suspenseful, with a small amount of horror. Very interesting indeed.
 This is her best book yet.  It leaves you eagerly awaiting the 7th book. It is 652 pages long and I read over one weekend.  You can't put it down.<br/><br/>With everything that has happened to Harry and his friends over the past 5 years you finally get to the book that links little clues and unanswered questions.  If you haven't read the first three because you saw the moveis you need to read them all to get the full extent of the hints J.K. Rowling has been leaving all along.<br/><br/>Must have for any collection!
 This book was filled with twists, turns, and gut wrenching drama. I can't wait until it comes out in movie form. How in the world she keeps writing these long novels, in such a short time is beyond me. But she does, and does not take short cuts ... not at all. I will not tell you anything to spoil the plot, but I will tell you it is an awesome read. I read it in just a couple days while laying around the pool on vacation. This is not just a kids book --- I am an adult, and I enjoy reading harry potter. This book does not disappoint.
 Amazing!  This is possibly the very best book in the series!
 I am a HUGE harry potter fan.  I have had this book pre-ordered since march.  This book was a huge achievement and was written spectacularly.  However, I did not forsee how this book would end.  The events that occur I would have thought to be too sad and dark for Harry Potter's life.  However I suppose now that the dark lord is back, these things are bound to happen.  I will be on pins and needles until the final book comes out, whenever that may be.
 Love It
 A story telling the life of Harry Potter. Very easy to read and very addictive. A must read for who loves fantasy and magic
 What is left to say?  This book is engaging, thrilling, and rewarding.  I tore through it and only wish that it was longer :)
 I enjoyed the book. It left me with wanting more.
 I have a question.  Who has matured more, Harry Potter, or JK Rowling?  What started as a series of children's books, with adult appeal has become adult literature, with appeal for teens.  This book has a powerful majesty about it that was only briefly glimpsed in books 4 and 5.  The humor and fun is still there, interspersed with tautly written action sequences and some very unexpected development of character and twists of plotline.  But, the most astonishing development takes place near the end of the book and hinges on a subtlety of thought and point of view, and with profound effects on the rest of this series.  You will need to read these passages several times to grasp the full brilliance of this marvelous author.  Brava Ms. Rowling.
 Reliably great Rowling!
 Jim Dale has out done himself yet again. With each Harry Potter book he narrates, he just gets better and better. J.K.Rowling is a joy to read as well. I can't wait to read the last installment in this series. And, Gasp!!!! Maybe she will start writing an entirely new series.
 I'm a late Harry Potter follower wish I gave them a try when they first came out! Great books.  On to the next one!
 I was very happy with this book but it is sad when the people die and how  someone] helps Harry in potions that he dislikes ALOT from a scale from 1-10 1 bad 10 awesome I give it an 11 =) everyone read the series it is awesomeness!!!!!!!
 at least it's acceptable. I think she probably hit her peak in book 3. Book 4 was alright,but 5 was a nightmare. I've read every single one of my books at least 10 times over...except 5. I couldn't even bear to read through it a second time in preperation for book 6. book 5 is horribly written-it's all SQUASHED. I doubt she could have forced the actions of the characters any more quickly had she tried. Book 6 seems to be much more on her typical level,though it's still a far cry from books 1,2,and 3.  Hopefully 7 will be as good as the original trio,I'd hate to see such a long series end on a sour note.
 I love this series! It is full of adventure and excitement you never know what's around the corner!  I would recommend this book to any one that likes mystery and magic and you just might be shaking with fright but everything turns out in the end!
 Even though I am an adult I find the adventures of Harry Potter captivating and this latest is no different. I could not put it down.  That has to be the only flaw, the adventure is over too quickly.<br/><br/>I was so dissapointed with Snape but have to give him credit, he played his mole role to perfection. I am looking forward to the last book to see if he has to pay the piper for his dastardly deeds
 As with millions of fellow Potter fans across the world, I awaited the arrival of my copy of HBP with great anticipation, wondering how Ms. Rowling would dazzle, delight, and depress me after the emotional rollercoaster of 'Phoenix'. Sadly, after finishing 'Half-Blood Prince' (HBP), I found myself more than a little disappointed. While HBP certainly provides many compelling insights into Voldemort's past and adequately advances the storyline, it fails in two important ways.<br/><br/>First, this is not a complete novel. As Rowling had hinted in the press, HBP reads like the exposition of a longer novel, the on-ramp to the major climax of the series. Of course, as one part of a seven-part series, it's natural that some of the books be more complete than others. However, this book fails so miserably to complete anything resembling a narrative arch that I finished it feeling immensely unsatisfied. All the prior books, for all their respective flaws, could stand alone as isolated stories, and were interesting outside of the context of the larger series. (A fine example of a seven-part fantasy series is C.S. Lewis' Chronicles of Narnia, each of which can be read on its own without any knowledge of the rest.) HBP, on the other hand, is wholly structural, nothing but set-up. The paramount story of the series (Harry's conflict with Voldemort) is advanced, as are the romantic and coming-of-age subplots, but there is little in this novel that couldn't have been relegated to other books in the series. What we have in HBP is, unfortunately, filler.<br/><br/>Even more disturbing, however, is the manner in which Rowling chooses to advance the series' storyline. Perhaps the most compelling and satisfying aspect of Rowling's writing thus far in the series has been her insistence in defying conventional good-and-evil conflict. Rarely have her characters been cut from the mold of pure villain or unimpeachable hero. In HBP, though, she backtracks on this noble road and allows some of the more interesting characters to fall into predictable stereotypes. Some of the characters that seemed most three-dimensional turn out exactly as first impressions would suggest, an unfortunate development in a series that had previously refused to allow us to prejudge its characters. I can't help but hope that these developments are merely baiting the hook for bigger and better revelations in the seventh book, but if not then I'm saddened that Rowling has chosen such a conventional, predictable route for the series' plot to follow.<br/><br/>Of course, this is not an awful book. Rowling's wit and charm are still present in full force, but HBP lacks both the emotional and narrative force of any of the prior books in the series. In truth, it reads rather blandly. The death of the major character at the end, so often trumpeted in the lead-up to the book's release, is fairly unsurprising; you can see it coming a few hundred pages away. The way Rowling treats the aftermath of that death is surprisingly poor, as Harry's emotional reconciliation is dealt with in a terse, rushed manner, nothing resembling the angst and passion he displayed after Sirius' death in 'Phoenix.'<br/><br/>HBP has its highlights, of course. The romantic subplots are perhaps the most satisfying, albeit cheesy, with Rowling finally giving Harry some romatic fortune (and heartbreak), although not from whom you'd first suspect. Hermione and Ron, who play shockingly small roles in this novel, still seemed destined to be together, but Rowling obviously wants to save the culmination of their ardor for the last book. The few new characters are refreshingly interesting, although they don't come close to making up for the dumbing-down of some of the more compelling series regulars. Harry, of course, remains at the center of the novel's universe, and despite the novel's myriad flaws, is becoming more and more complete as the series progresses. Ultimately, though, the novel is tinged with anticipatory exhaustion: we're eager and ready for the last battle, but first we need to learn how to use our weapons and how, if at all, we can defeat the enemy. As a set-up for book seven, HBP is adequate, but as a stand-alone novel (and literay event), it can't measure up to its illustrious pedigree.
 Wow! And I thought the fifth one was good! They just keep getting better and better! Be prepared for some shocking surprises! But I'd have to say this is the best yet! Recommended to any fan of the other books or the movies.
 I am a huge Harry Potter fan.  I have used the books as novels in my class.  The earlier books, are easier reads for my students, but with the use of the audio tapes/CD's, we can go over any parts that are difficult to understand or play an important role in the story.  DUmbledore's hand being burnt in the Half-Blood Prince is an important part of the story, and with the CD's you can't really skip forward to how it happened.  I now have an hour commute to work, and listening to the story really helps.<br/>Great book
 I Would recommend this to anyone looking to immerse themselves in a different world. Great read! Pick it up today!
 Captivating and creative<br/>Rowling keeps you guessing and then stuns you in the end. You can't help but keep reading on to the next book
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince was incredible. The ending left me in tears. At that point, you realize that naive trust in everyone can be abused and that not everyone has some good in them. Though not as full of humour as the Order of the Phoenix (Fred and George's pranks with Umbridge were absolutely hilarious!) and not filled with many Quidditch/competitive  events (like the Triwizard Tournament) as in the Goblet of Fire, this one had more maturity. Another reviewer said that the death in this book could've been prevented if Harry had confided in his elders but I don't think that would've helped. Naive trust can be abused and was abused in this case. Overall, this one and the Goblet of Fire are my two favourites.
 I, like millions of other people in the world, am a huge fan of the Harry Potter series.  I love them all, but my favorites are the fourth and fifth book.  I thought the sixth one had an excellent story line and plot, but it was far too short.  652 pages may seem like a lot, but when you're absorbed in it, it goes by way too quickly.  I loved the book, but take off a star because it was far too short!
 Much of 'Scary Harry' book 5 seemed to turn upon explaining the whole Harry universe.  There was more to qualify the existence than action within it.  However, with this book, pacing carries you on a frenetic journey that whets your enthusiasm for book 7, indeed.
 I purchased my copy on opening day, and read nearly nonstop for twenty hours.  I'm not a fantasy junkie, or dedicated speed reader.  I, like untold millions, am enraptured in JK Rowling's spell.<br/><br/>It has become fashionable to find flaws in the Harry Potter books, and while I am sure there are criticisms to be made, keep in mind what has been accomplished.  Hundreds of millions of children and adults, little boys and little girls and their older siblings and their parents and their grandparents, are sitting down and reading epic-length novels from start to finish and savoring every word.  There is just no denying the impact these books have worldwide.  If you judge an author by the passion her readers bring to her work, JK Rowling is perhaps the greatest novelist of her generation.<br/><br/>Book 6 stands on its own as a complete novel, satisfying from start to finish, with a gripping plot involving intrigue at Hogwarts, which has been infiltrated by at least one person doing Lord Voldemort's bidding.<br/><br/>But I'm sure what we'll remember this book for is the way it marvelously sets up the finale.  By the time this book is done, we have learned much more about the man who became the Dark Lord, including what Harry must do if he is to come out on the living end of the prophecy outlined in Book 5.  More so than any of its predecessors, Book 6 advances the story that will lead us to the inevitable final conflict.<br/><br/>What started as a cute and clever fantasy romp through a magical school in Book One has turned into an epic battle of good and evil, played out in 600-plus page chunks.  With only one left to go, we can begin to see the significance of the series as a whole.<br/><br/>Those of you who are only seeing the movies, or stopped reading the novels when they started getting big should get yourselves on board.  You're truly missing out on the greatest entertainment available anywhere.  There is nothing out there that can compare to the magic of getting lost in a Harry Potter book.
 I enjoyed the read much more than the previous book. It was nice to see Harry in a respected role again. Can't wait for the next one.
 This book was the best of the series so far!  You read the rest now read the best!  I do warn that if you have not read the rest of the books in the series you will be lost on this one.  I think that this book is far better than #5, where Harry was too broody and pms-y.  In this book he takes everything in much better and really starts to show massive maturity.  The ending is very sad, I do admit to a tear or two! Highly recommended for novices to the series and veterans alike!<br/><br/>I cannot wait for the next and final installment!  Write fast J.K., write fast, I am already waiting in line!
 Well amazon is sure trying to stop me from giving a bad rating to Harry Potter.  I wonder why?  I hope my review of the final book shows up soon that would be swell.  In the meantime I just want you all to know that this promotes witchcraft and several kids whose parents of course, do not watch them have already cast spells on each other in various places around the globe.  I guess in Honduras some kid was turned into a chicken, and of course he was quickly eaten for lunch by locals.  Well I must be moving on now I just wanted to make sure to say hello to all the Zombies out there who think Harry Potter is the second coming.  Goodbye Harry sorry i did not get to know you but I am not distraught that you are gone.  I get tired of seeing you and hearing about you.  Literature is dead and it has been replaced with your books, which have the ugliest dust jackets I have ever seen.
 Better than the movie.
 Nothing much stands out from this book, no single set piece really grabs....without writing spoilers, the imagination here repeats feelings/images/atmosphere from previous books, notably Prisoner of Azakaban.<br/><br/>The characters of Ron and Hermione, well nothing much happens to them apart from Ron being saved by Harry, and Hermione as the righteous conscience is wearing thin, and she's pretty shrill about it.<br/><br/>I got the impression that the writer was tired throughout this, there are very few sparks in it all.<br/><br/>Draco Malfoy's view in earlier books of Hagrid as an oaf and simpleton proves to be pretty fair, and the Weasley family are revealed to be quite provincial and xenophobic (little Englanders all), although an attempt at redemption towards the end of the book: Mrs Weasley's acceptance of Fleur, is rather flat and contrived and. Fleur is simply a plot device, as are so many other characters in this latest offering.
 people expected way to much from this book<br/><br/>dissappointments: the major death totally killed me i kinda had an i idea that that charater would die but i just wasnt  accepting it. she did rush it and focused a little bit to much on some subjects. i wish the romane between harry and ***** would have been longer and ron's reaction to it could have been alot more juicy if JO really wanted to add some drama<br/><br/>what i like about the book??EVERYTHING she gave me alot of good details and i really pictured the book coming to life<br/><br/>once again  her writing did magic. i was completely invloled with all the character and attatched to them as if i knew them personally which had me crying my eyes out for a certain death<br/><br/>the last part if the book was alot more compelling, suspenseful and a great emotional punch that had me upset to this moment now.  i cannot wait till the 7th book<br/><br/>p.s its also very obvious that wether u liked the 6th book or not everyone is stilll anxious and or excited/curious for the 7th installment....agree??
 i was waitng eargerly for the book and read it straight through. but the last chapter was disappointing i dont mind so much that dumboldore died but she dint write it very well its like she neglacted the last part of the book. its not breathtaking and i feel she could have added more excitment and suspense its almost as if we always knew about snape. my point is she could have put in a little bit of thrill and suspense into the last part of the book. but on the overall i appreciate the idea of harry as a grown up he might not be as responsible but i think he is being given a chance to fight an individual war. i just cant wait for the next book
 I don't want to give up too much about the book, but if you like the harry potter series already, you can expect more of the same from the latest installment!  All of magic is great, but probably the most enjoyable part of the book for me, however, is the human element -- watching Harry and his group of friends going through typical teenage developments like dating, flirting and crushes -- and all of this against the backdrop of an all-out war with you-know-who and his followers.  You're also going to learn a lot more about Voldemort's origins!
 I really enjoyed this book.  It was not as long and tedious as the last two and it held my interest all the way through.  I loved the plot twists and the intriguing ending.  Now I will have to wait for the last one to resolve the issues but I can have a lot of fun trying to figure out my own endings to the many threads of the story.  One thing I am sure of, they will all be resolved and, I fully believe, the good guys will finally triumph, Lord Voldemort will be totally destroyed and Harry will still be Harry.
 This book is really better than the last before this. This book inspired me to read the last one with more enthusiasm.
 After The Order of the Phoenix, The Half-Blood Prince came in slowly, and paced up at the end. Although the story is well preserved, it felt a bit rushed and sometimes too slow. Nevertheless, it is a great book.
 One of my all time favorite books. truly magical.
 This book is full of adventure and many details. If you are a kid, I recommend that you read this intriguing book with a parent.
 Loved it through and through. Much better reading it as an adult.
 I loved the book so much but was so mad that Dumbledore died and Voldermort and Harry potter didn't meet
 I felt a book for teens shouldn't end on a sad note so minus one star.  Most people read books to lift their spirits and this book left one wondering if good will triumph over evil.  It left me thinking Harry might loose the fight in the end.  Will the author kill Harry Potter or will he win?  It could go either way.  I am intrigued to see how the next book will end so plus four stars.
 Another suspenseful Harry Potter book. Definitely holds one's attention.  Highly recommended but start with Book 1 and read through series for best effect.
 Loved it! Gets into teenagers kissing but that didn't stop me from reading this book to my little ones. Such a good plot and good friendships covered.
 I completely loved this book. I pre ordered mine like many others and it took be less than 3 days to read this.<br/><br/>There is a new DADA teacher, plus another teacher enteres the scene, a new quidditch captain, romance, mystery, and on the sad note someone does die, but I won say who.<br/><br/>However I will say that a certain ship fanship out there will be happy. Harry/?(who could this girl be) will be very happy at waht takes place in the book. I know I was jumping with joy when it happened.<br/><br/>This is a must read!<br/><br/>And remember to go see Harry Potter &amp; the Goblet of Fire in theaters this November!
 First, why are so many reviews dated the 17th..it's still the 16th.<br/><br/>Anyway, I got the book at around 11am and finished at around 9pm with the usual interuptions of cooking for the family, etc. So...I'm finished and disappointed...very disappointed in this book.  I agree with whichever reviewer said that it seemed like she was just killing time for the first 500 pgs or more.  Nothing really happened until the last 2-3 chapters.  Everything else could have been condensed into a couple of chapters and save all of that space for better things..more action..more answers...definitely more action.<br/><br/> Someone please correct me if I'm wrong but I believe that I've read in several places that Rowlings said the half blood prince was not... and it named a few people and yet it turned out to be one of them (I'm not saying who). Yes, I disappointed in who she killed of but it could be a hoax--remember what DD said to M  a few pages before that.<br/><br/>After waiting for 6 months for this book to be released it was such a let down.  Any of the others in the series is much better. I sure hope she does better in number 7 but I must admit this one has almost killed my interest in number 7.<br/><br/>I'm not saying don't read it...what Harry Potter fan could resist reading it...I couldn't and I'm sure I'll reread it.  It's just going to be a let down for some people.<br/><br/>So when is #7 and is there going to be a #8, I can't remember.  Also since there was so little in this one that advanced the big story I think it's going to take at least two more huge books to do justice to it...to tell everything and answer all the questions...tie up all the loose ends and end things properly. Maybe three. (hint, hint J.K. if you read this)
 Very good book it is very Detailed for harry potter readers it is very exiting jk Rowling is very good at using. Sensory words to make a fantastic magical adventure.
 This book beautifully ages with the characters. Things are darker, scarier, more romantic, more violent... the plot is so thick by the end of this book, you can't wait for the final book to come out. Much is revealed in this book but it leaves as many questions as answers. Rowling has done it again!
 IT IS AWESOME!!!! A great book for kids. Read the other books first, though. I loved it. It's so good!
 The first thing that i have to say is that i recieved the book late. I was not in town at the time of its arrival at my house. This book is a moving piece but after i read the ending i asked my self "what happens now?" to those of you who have read the book already you might find yourself asking the same question. But aside from that the book i must say is the best in the series. The storyline was intriging, and fast paced. The death how ever easily know was a shocker on the idenity of the murderer. I cried when i read this part, but it alsos seals the fates of the characters. The next novel will be very interesting to read. JK. has created a character, and a book that will live with us for all times.<br/><br/>Nicholas Beauchamp USA Virginia
 This book is exciting, mysterious, full of adventure, fantasy, and a teeny tiny bit scary, just how I like it. If you like at least two or three of these things, GET THE HARRY POTTER SERIES!!!!!!
 HBP was the most important book in the Harry Potter series. The story was exciting, the characters were further developed, JK Rowling shows us an in depth analysis of Voldemort and how he became who he is, and what Harry has to achieve to bring him down and return the Wizarding World to peace.  This story was darker, sad, funny.  This story ended with the biggest twists of the series, I really didn't expect it to end the way it did. I was honesty not disappointed by the 6th book, I thought it was truly a masterpiece.
 Truly, this book exemplifies why Rowling has done so well for herself.  The action in this book may not be of the same pace and flavor of the previous five, but nevertheless, this book satisfies immensely.<br/><br/>I won't spoil any of the important events, save that I was mildly disappointed with a Spiderman ending.<br/><br/>Overall, if you're on the fence about Harry Potter, read it.  The only other book series I know that compares to this in scope and grandeur is the Dark Tower series of Stephen King.<br/><br/>Kudos to you, Rowling.  We'll meet again in two years!
 I'm torn. I think I led to my own downfall by anticipating this book so much. If it had been any other book, I doubt that I would judge it so highly (let alone pre-order it months in advance...). I love this series, and this book was good, but it just wasn't as exciting or wonderful as I expected. Trust me when I say that it was worth buying and I would (and will) read it again, but it just wasn't heart-pounding or edge-of-your-seat as I wish it had been. It was much darker than the past books, as it should be, but, sadly, I think Rowling let go of some of the character interaction and comical moments that were so endearing in past books in order to create that feeling. I miss Neville and Seamus! And before I go, I must comment on the "big moment" that everyone was so excited about...it was the most boring, emotionless big moment ever. I was more shocked that I didn't have any real feelings about the "shocking death" than I was by the "shocking death" itself. Anyway, this book WAS great, a little disappointing, but great.
 Although I hate to say it, here it is: This is not a good book.  It feels rushed and cheap, and rather like a movie script.  Surprisingly little happens in the book, and what DOES happen isn't as smooth or well executed as in previous titles.<br/><br/>Although the beginning of the book is fairly strong, as soon as Harry heads off to school it all goes downhill.  Gone are the flowing descriptions of Hogwarts and its grounds (besides a single visit to Hagrid's the three stay in the castle, except Harry, who later returns, once), the adventures into Hogsmeade (we get one very brief journey which is cut short), the fast-paced Quidditch games (in the whole book, one and a half.  harry himself is grounded for the final match, which we don't see), all replaced by a lot of what seems to be filler text.  The lessons this year seem to be nearly non-existant, and those wonderfully familiar glimpses into magical education have disappeared as the classroom "scenes" now usually only consist of a few lines of dialogue between Harry, Ron, and Hermione before moving on.<br/><br/>As the book moves on, this feeling of empty pages only increases.  Harry develops a crush that comes out of seemingly nowhere, imparting a brief "be yourself" lesson but not making a lot of logical sense in the context of his interactions with this character in other books.  He and this mystery lady finally start going out and have the most unbelievably pointless relationship ever, talking all of once before breaking up at the end of the year.  Another huge disappointment is the mystery of the "Half-Blood Prince," who's annotated a school copy of a potions book that helps Harry along.  Instead of the usual sleuthing that has become such a trademark of the three, his identity is thoroughly ignored (Hermione just doesn't like him on principle, Harry doesn't seem to care at all who he is) and revealed, with nary a single clue before it, like a slap to the face.  Readers will be surprised, but not impressed, especially when they realize his identity makes no temporal sense.<br/><br/>So where do all the pages go?  Into flashbacks detailing Voldy's childhood, which seem to be relatively uninspired and unimportant.  All we learn is that Voldemort was a mean kid with a messed up home life.  We're finally shown the only relevant memory close to the end of the book, which shows Voldemort talking to a professor about splitting his soul.  Instead of surprised and pleased to know the secret of Voldemort's continuing life, the reader is just left wondering how Dumbledore knew to search for the pieces of Voldemort's split soul a whole YEAR before Harry finds him the memory that shows Voldemort's plan.<br/><br/>The ending of the book is a little better, if only for the pathos it evokes.  The best decriptions in the book come as the school year closes on a decidedly mournful note, and the writing reaches its too-late pinnacle.<br/><br/>In short, don't buy this book.  Instead, wait for the movie, which will be a carbon copy story-wise, and cheaper.  The book itself has lost nearly all the magic that once made Harry Potter real.
 This is an excellent story and right in line with the other books in the series.  I recommend it to all who enjoyed the previous books.  It let's you get away into a world of fantasy and away from your own problems for awhile.
 Ms. Rowling is to be congratulated on writing a story<br/><br/>so very carefully crafted and astoundingly executed.<br/><br/>Without writing a "spoiler",  I can only say that I was<br/><br/>disappointed with the depth of darkness she achieved,<br/><br/>but nevertheless, as a true HP fan, I stayed up all night<br/><br/>to finish reading the book.
 Favorite HP book!
 love love this book and so happy it's on Kindle.
 Every time I read this, I forget how emotional I get and how attached I am. Amazing. As usual. Live on
 Harry is still a bit of an ingrate, always questioning what people say and not trying to do things people need him to do. He has gotten better though. Ginny is a ton better in the book than in the movies. She's actually a character in the book and not just a consolation prize.
 Loved it!
 SPOILER ALERT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<br/><br/>I thought this was an excellent book, which is why it got four stars and not less, but I was a bit disappointed in the turn of some of the characters.<br/><br/>First of all, I don't understand the need for Dumbledore to be so blockheaded about Harry's concerns of Malfoy - include Ron and Hermione in this, too. He obviously has been right often enough in the past to be heeded.<br/><br/>Snape was my big issue. In the end, he's just another bad guy. I kind of hoped for some clear redemption in Harry's eyes at some point, for some kind of breakthrough, but it never happened. Maybe that's just me. I didn't expect a Hallmark moment, but maybe that some understanding and respect could have passed between he and Harry. Maybe in the next book?<br/><br/>Otherwise, pretty good.
 amazing 10/10 the best
 Though this is not the darkest of the series, this is by far the best Harry Potter book yet.  The unexpected twists and turns that Rowling takes while slowly illustrating the truth behind Harry's history and his connection with Voldemort keep you locked-in through the very end.
 I bought this for the entire family, but mainly for my son.  However, the one person who is now completely addicted to Harry Potter is my husband.  GREAT BOOK!!!!!  This book has a better plot than the last one and the ending is excruciatingly painful and surprising.
 what can I say, the girl can write.  Another wonderful book to get kids reading. best for the 10+ age group (depending on reading abliity &amp; kid)
 This was amazing going to get movie now! I was going to spoil something but just can't read for yourself. You won't believe somethings and you will defiantly hate some people. And for all you star kids out their RUMMBLEROAR! P.S. I actually thought he was in here!
 One of the best out of the Harry Potter series, but who can really compare they are all great. But yeah I loved this book and hopefully you will too.
 Another fun book to read.
 In this Harry potter book, things take a dark turn at Hogwarts. Romance in the castle seems to be at an all time high and  Harry starts to train with Dumbledore for his inevitable battle with voldemort.
 I don't know how it's possible, but yet again this book is better than the last! I can't wait for the finale!
 THIS BOOK IS GREAT I WOULD RECCOMMED TO ALL I ENJOYDD IT SO MUCH WOW FANTASTIC LOVE THE PLOT LINE IT ALEAYS KEEPS ME ON THE EDGE OF MY SEAT
 This is Ms. Rowling's best book by far.  Much is revealed and important events take place for the main characters in the series: love, death, snogging, success, failure.<br/><br/>However, the book is emotionally powerful.  Parents should read it first and be prepared to discuss it with their children.  Some parents may even decide to have their chidren wait and read it when they are a bit older.
 Seemed a little slow to take off at first, but once it got going, it was impossible to stop reading. Beautiful and devastating all at once.
 I've read this multiple times and discover something new about the story every time. It's so rich in layered details, I doubt I'll ever tire of it. If you've only watched the film, do yourself a favor and read the book.
 when i read the part that dumbledore died, i couldn't believe it. i hope that in the next book harry will find all the horcruxes and destroy them, and he will kill VOLDEMORT.
 Frankly, after reading some of the other reviews, i.e. all the "best book ever" reviews, I had trouble believing that I had read the same book as the other folks had.<br/><br/>This is not up to the same standard as Book 5; character development is minimal, and the feel of the story is that it was rushed with the goal of getting Book 6 out of the way so that we could progress to the important Book 7--the Grand Finale.<br/><br/>And frankly, I have to wonder if Rowling is playing mind games with her mostly loyal readers. The eventual identity of the Half Blood Prince was so contrived, it had the feel of second-rate fancfiction rather than first-rate professional fiction.<br/><br/>I also have to point out that the plot device of "Harry notices really important stuff and the adults all ignore him and he has to place himself in danger and do it all himself" it getting very old--I hope that Book 7 will not only show a mature Harry, but will also show adult characters that have a bit more wit to them.
 Third time I have read it
 JK Rowling's first four books were fantastic. Full of adventure and fun. She's allowed Harry to grow a little from book to book, reflecting that in her writing style. The fith book fell slightly away from the others, becoming a little darker. But it still held on to the same aura and feel that the rest of the series had. But this book shows proof of a complete change in JK Rowlings writing style.<br/><br/>Yes, I understand that the plot becomes darker, and I'm not critisizing the plot at all. But... it seems like she's not quite sure how to work in Harrys growth into this book. This can be specifically seen in the way that she introduces the relationships in the novel. It almost sounds as if she copied it from a fan fic and added it into her overall book.<br/><br/>I miss the quality of writing that she had in the previous books. I will go ahead and buy the next book, just to see what happens. But I don't think that JK entirely knows what she's doing writing a book made for an older age group.
 J.k. Rowling is an excellent writer. She did a wonderful job with the Harry potter series. I am looking forward to reading the next book.
 I have always loved this book...since the first day it was released. It is one of my favorite HP books.
 I finished the book this weekend, since I was unable to put it down. I found it to be the best of the series.<br/><br/>However, out of curiosity, I started to read the reviews on Amazon this morning, and it seems that in about every tenth review. the person gives away the surprises at the end of the book.  In some cases, this is obviously intentional, in others, I'm sure it is just out of thoughtlessness.  Can future reviewers try to be either more careful, or less mean spirited, as the case may be?  I'm sure at least some people reading the reviews are deciding whether to read the book.  Why spoil it for them?
 I love this book. I can't stop reading. I recommend it to anyone who likes intensity and reading for long periods of time and crying during a good book. I love the distance the author goes to show  every detail
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince was absolutely wonderful!! I got it Saturday morning and finished it Sunday night.  I laughed, I rejoiced, and I cried at the end. This book and Goblet of Fire are by far the best. It showed Harry becoming a young man and the true love that Dumbledore feels for Harry and vice versa. This book also shows that Draco Malfoy is human. At the end of the book you will see the true friendship, and courage that Ron and Hermione demonstrate towards Harry, and Ginny's incredible strength. Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince rocks!!!!
 Harry, Ron, &amp; Hermione are growing up and they have to deal with adult situations.  Life as they know it will never be the same!  This sixth book is amazing.  It was not as funny as some of the others.  It was dark and emotional and full of suspense.  These books are wonderful and I can not wait for the last one.
 Great
 This book was definetly the best of the entire series. It had the most description and i felt like i was there and i enjoyed it imensly. I was sad at the ending, not because of the ending, but the fact that it was the last page and i couldn't go further. You will find yourself doing this too. Some of the long lived dreams of the fans are granted in this book with new relationships and friendships. It is all in all an extraordnary book and i would recomend it to any person, fan or not of harry potter.
 Up to this point I have inmensely enjoyed all previous episodes of Harry Potter. I am very disappointed by this one, though. It is rather dull and unimaginative, MUCH too long. By too long I mean that in fact, almost nothing happens in the whole book until the very end. The rest is just the usual Harry-thinks-Snape-is-evil-and-Dumbledore-benevolently-says-he-trusts-Snape. Add to that a truckload of teenagers' agonizing about who to date and how, and you end up with this 600-page monster. The interesting information is contained in under 30 pages. At the end of the book, we're almost at the same spot we were at the end of the "Order of the Phoenix". Let's hope Book 7 is better. Clearly, this one was the weak link of the series.
 Long book sad stuff
 This is yet another wonderful Harry Potter book. Be warned it is sad and I litterally wept. I am on the edge of my seat for the next and last instalment. Bravo for another amazing book!
 Good book! definitely worth your money. After reading it for the fourth time, it's probably my favorite book out of the series
 The books in this series just keep getting better!
 You can't go wrong with Harry Potter. :)
 As I sat up and read this book I was enthralled by it<br/>I was not expecting the ending I got<br/>Truelly amazing who well the characters have matured<br/>As an adult reading this series I eagerly await the next book<br/><br/>A must read for anyone (of all ages) that loves to be taken away from the ho-drum lives that we live<br/><br/>week before the book arrived at my house I had reread the other Potter books. I am so glad I did.<br/><br/>ENJOY, SAVOR..<br/><br/>When is next book coming out?
 I loved this book and I can't wait to read the next one .I hope the next one will be as good as this one.
 I love all of the Harry Potter books!
 Great book the whole series is excellent read them regularly.  Will read them to my daughter when she is old enough.
 This book reminds about college life, Romance, Seniors Bullying, i mean every thing like students becoming prefects &amp; sports captains.<br/><br/>On the other hand Harry who is now a Teenager is showing the power of Youth. Dumbledore has been as elegant as ever.<br/><br/>Best described are 1 betryal,1 Death, 2 Funerals &amp; lots and lots of plots<br/><br/>Lupin &amp; Hagrid have been given lesser roles.<br/><br/>Best described was Harry's reluctance to say openly that he loves Ron's sister because he doubts he will loose his friendship with Ron<br/><br/>Hermione has portrayed like a typical teen age girl who is furious at Ron seeing other girls<br/><br/>Hogwarts is a different place after this book because all the evil is out &amp; _____ is no more(i know that many people know who died but read the book to experience the grief)<br/><br/>Next book is going to be grand finale with the stage set for the final countdown. Every body Wolves, Wizards, Giants are standing on some side(EITHER YOU ARE AGAINST US OR YOU ARE WITH US kind of thing)<br/><br/>Some times it seems like our own world where Terrorists (death Eaters) attack democracies(muggles &amp; good wizards) &amp; osama (The Dark Lord Voldmort trying to take on the world. But Then who is Harry .......may be Mr Bush with Mr. Blair as Ron.
 Can never put a Harry Potter book down.
 Great book to start the decent into the final book of the series. History, lies and half truth begin to unfold as the reader steps into the close.
 There is zero doubt in my mind, that J.K. Gets better each year round. She makes you feel apart of the wizard world and does it fantasticly! By the end of this book, Harry is a changed man and you will be a different fan as well. You will be in lines in about three years getting your hands on the final installment. The ending is a shocker and leaves you hanging. You cannot put this book down. I recomend this to all potter fans. And if you are a potter fan, its time to become one. It is time to join J.K. Rowling's fantastic world.  She not only proves she has a great imagination with a plot with no loop holes but she proves she is a great writer. Truely the best series ever to hit the sheleves.<br/><br/>Read it i  guarantee you'll love it!
 I've read it and my kids have ready it I advise reading them in order to understand the series it's a wonderful magical world that keeps you through the whole book.
 I thought this book was the best in the series of Harry Potter books.  I received and read the 7th book before I read the 6th book.  "Harry Potter and the half-Blood Prince" explained many things and why they happened. In my opinion, it was the most interesting for me even though I enjoyed the whole series.
 This book was a fantastic read.  I am sorry to read it so quickly because now I have to wait a few years to get the last and final installment.  J.K. Rowling can weave such a wonderful tale and forms complex characters, that it is no surprise why adults everywhere are a large part of Pottermania!
 Loved it.
 This is one of the better books in the series next to book 3
 Okay, I'm going to be honest. I didn't like this book. I'm giving it two stars because as much as I'd like to give it one or zero, I'm going to be lieniant since JK is prbably under a lot of pressure, and I guess I should give her some credit since the book did hold my attention until I was finally finished and I have to say that if I hadn't been in such a state of shock after I was done with it, I'm guessing that I would've been thinking something along the lines of.. "Man this book sucked!". But I was so dumbfounded by how awful it was, that I wasn't really thinking at all. I was just sitting there with my mouth open in disbelief. I was so shocked that for an hour and a half, my mind was unable to function. All that was going through my head was "She killed that character off! I can't believe she did that! She couldn't have done that! No way!" Then when someone asked me if the book was good, I told them that it was, but I was lying, BIG TIME!  And the scariest part was that for a while, I actually believed my own lie. I was obviously in denial at the time. That's why I think so many people are giving this book good reviews. They are still in denial. It's like they're suffering from "post-traumatic rowling syndrome" or something, which, if you ask me, is pretty pathetic after more than three months. I was over my "syndrome" at about ten o clock that same night, when a little voice in my head went "Get real! This book was awful!". And by the way when I said that this book held my attention earlier, I didn't mean that it was suspensful. It wasn't. Except for that one little surprise twist, it was pretty dull. It only held my attention because  1)J.k. wrote it, so I was in denial, and actually thought that it was good because all her other books were.  2)Judging by the other books in the series, I ASSUMED that this book would have more than one surprise twist. It didn't, nothing major anyway. (and I'm sad to say that as much as I wanted the relationships to have a surprise twist, they were pretty predictable from the time the book started. I was praying that MAYBE there was a SLIGHT chance that JK was just trying to throw us off)  3)I waited in line at the mall until midnight and had been looking foward to this book all summer. I WANTED it to be good, so I tried to make myself like it.<br/>  Now before you go making assumptions, let me just say that the relationships and the death of that main character who shall remain nameless aren't the ONLY reasons why i didn't like this book. There was the fact that some things that took place seemed to make the book clash with the rest of the series. (example) I don't remember Harry's scar hurting once throughout the whole book.<br/> There are also other things that didn't make sense but i'm not going to name them all. But let me just say that if you think that you genuinely enjoyed this book then make a list of all the things you liked about it and all the things you didn't like and see which one is longer.<br/>  I'm still holding on to a shred of hope that the seventh book will be better than this one (not that that would be so hard to accomplish). I haven't given up on the series just yet (what's the point? There's only one book left anyway). I don't have anything against you people who claim to like this book. I just wonder how anyone could possibly enjoy it. I personally found it very dissapionting. I have tried to make this review as tactful as possible. If you find it helpful, then that's great. If you don't, I really don't care. I just felt that this needed to be said.<br/>  - KC age 14 =}
 Couldn't stop reading it.
 I'm not sure anyone will see this in time, at this point.  My son and I bought copies of HBP at midnight.  He stayed up all night reading and warned me not to read chapter 2, which I hadn't gotten to before I went to bed.  I feel very lucky he told me - my experience reading the book was probably a lot better than his.  While I read it, there was a lot of suspense throughout about who was trustworthy and who was not.  The last couple chapters in the book were very exciting - I had no idea how it would turn out.  If I had read chapter 2, there's no suspense at all - it's quite obvious who's the bad guy and what he's going to do.  I think the feeling of the reader would be agony and annoyance (and possibly boredom) because throughout the book, you know who's got the right answers and who doesn't and it would just drive you crazy while reading that this person can't convince others of his position - knowing they will be betrayed.<br/><br/>Now that I've finished the all of the book, it appears that the book was really written to start on chapter 3.  My guess would be that chapters 1 and 2 were added later - chapter 1 isn't well written and doesn't add to the story (perhaps an attempt to relate to current events in real life? or to try to kick off the book on a darker tone?) and chapter 2 gives away villian of the ending.  Wonder why the extreme change to additional dark tones (there's already enough) and this overuse of foreshawdowing?  Clearly, JK intended to do it but why, when it detracts from the suspense so much?<br/><br/>The rest of the book is very good and I enjoyed it very much - but I'm extremely grateful to my son, Sean, for the tip!!  Hope others will find it useful as well.
 Love this even know it is sad at the end but it is an awesome book and I hope you enjoy this book
 In the thrilling new novel in the Harry Potter series, JK Rowling really gets us on the edge of our seats.  Harry, now 16, heads out with Dumbledore on an enthralling look into Voldemort's life.  The book was great, lots of characterism, insights that we really do need to know.  However, the end is a tearjerker, I used a ton of kleenex.  I understand why it was done.  It is a definite must read!
 Loved this book
 this book is amazing.J.K. Rowling has once again created a masterpiece that will forever be remembered by fans of the series.Harry Potter is really growing up,it is obvious the author has taken great care to help her characters mature properly.it is truly astonishing how seamlessly one book flows into the next.reading this book I was once again magically transported into the magnificent world the author creates with every paragraph.I was happy,I was sad,I was shocked.this great novel will take you on an emotional roller coaster ride you will not soon forget.in the art that is creating great literature J.K. Rowling has proven herself to be a master with the brush.
 I TOTALLY LOVE THIS BOOK IT WAS THE BEST IN THE SERIES. I LOVE THAT IT JUST TAKES YOU BREATH AWAY!!🆒
 This book was good but no where near as good as the others. The whole plot of know your enemy so you can't defeat him was o.k. but didn't need to take up the whole book. What happened to all the other great characters and a bigger story line. Who really cares that voldermort had a srewed up past that was pretty self explanatory by just reading the other five books. The only good part was the last hundred plus pages. But I thought the way she killed of that character was so wrong made them sound like a groveling little whimp didn't even die on their feet. And what happened to harry he was supposed to be so good at defense against the dark arts but couldn't even master silent spells to save his life or anyone elses.
 This is a really great book. It made me mad though I won't say why (Malfoy, Dumbledore, Snape...) It's my second favorite of the series with the 5th being my favorite.
 Another wonderful book by J.K. Rowling. It feels kinda like watching a season premier after waiting a long time for the conclusion to a cliffhanger season finale. They tie up all the loose ends from Phoenix within the first several chapters (i.e. why occlumency is no longer necessary) and then once Harry returns to Hogwarts, we are returned to another fantastic adventure of the boy-who-lived, or as they call him now, "the chosen one"
 I am not going to spoil the ending for the true fans, but I am just expressing my sadness. This book was a great read, and in our movie oriented age will be a great movie when the time comes.  I was really transported to Hogwarts, feeling the laughter, love, joys and sorrows the characters expressed. If I'd known what I do now, I wouldn't have finished the book in the middle of a department store, but rather at home in my bed. But even all the hustle around couldn't break the connection I'd made, and the fact that my mind was transported to this fictional tale.  I am both happy and a little mad with JK Rowling, more mad since I've discovered she won't start the next book until the end of the year.  But I do think this book was fantastic, a very grown up but still child friendly read.  Only wish, is that I was lying down for the ending.
 Good book.  Easy reading.
 This nook is 1 Of my favorite books<br/>I love Harry potter and I hope you do to<br/> Kyle Taylor
 The first half of the book was rather uneventful but the last 300 pages or so was amazing... This series is getting more and more grown up and is no longer a kids book only. The death of perhaps one of the most loved characters was a bit shocking to me... however, this was another great book by Ms. Rowling... the last few pages make it seem like this could be the last book that she will write but i certainly hope not... i am anxiously looking forward to the 7th book...
 I liked this book because it has a lot of action,mystery and it has fantasy. This is a really good book!!!
 I absolutely loved this book. Her writing is just fantastic. Even as a young adult, I couldn't stop reading.
 Bring on 7! Great!
 Great book. Not my favorite of the series but still well worth the read. As always, Ms Rowling tells an excellent story that moves the series along beautifully.
 I think Rowling has outsurpassed herself with this book. I could not put this book down and read into the wee hours of the morning to complete it. This book has the perfect balance of emotion, and packs a lot of surprises - some very sad and others shocking! But, like the other two before it, leaves a few questions unanswered. Let us hope for a grand finale that will complete the series tying up all loose ends.
 I read this version of the book when I was abroad in Italy so I wanted this version as a keepsake.  The retailer described the only physical flaw in the book (like a creased corner or something) to a T, it was wrapped in the most insanely protective packaging, and obviously the book is amazing and I tore through it all over again.  Great price, great read, and I'll have it always.  Thanks -
 This is the best harry potter book so far. I have read all 1-6 and am looking forward to the 7th book
 For those who disliked the book I am sorry to see that.  I think JK Rowling put a lot into this book and I think it was fantastic.  For those who hated it, Get your head checked and I think you all need to read it again.  I thought the ending as finding out who the Half-blood prince was a wonderful surprise.  the death hit me hard but I knew it had to happen.  Anyhow, JK Rowling can keep up the fantastic writing for I know I am reading the very next book as soon as it comes out.  JK Rowling rules!!!  I'm a 39 year old mother of two and Love Harry Potter more than my own children.<br/><br/>Yannie
 Rowling's finest. Very poignant meaningful moments helping to start resolving all the ends that need to be tied. Great book
 This is first time a Harry Potter book has bored me!  It seems to be a collection of answers to Ms. Rowling's e-mails.  The great majority of the book is a series of answers to tie up loose ends.  OK, now we know more about Voldemort, the Death Eaters and the personal lives of the primary characters, but there was very little room left for an actual plot.<br/><br/>The final quarter of the book gets exciting and seems to be making some progress, but then the disappointing ending.  Yes, JK makes another kill.  It seems each book will have a more gruesome death than the previous one.  This one went too far.  Ms. Rowling, I have only one thing to say to you, Crucio!<br/><br/>I won't be in such a hurry to buy book 7.
 I enjoyed the book.  I have been reading through the whole series.  I like this book the best so far.
 Just finished reading it...WOW. A truly amazing continuation to the story. NOT a book for children. I found "Order of Phoenix" to be a bit annoying (Harry to be a bit annoying, actually...I know, teen hormones...) and the climax a bit too overdone. But Half-Blood Prince is well-paced, believable in its world, and tragic.
 May i first lay down my credentials my saying, yes I love the series and of course own all 5.Now, I have just finished reading #6, I am left with mixed feelings.<br/><br/>I was thoroughly disappointed with The Order of the Phoenix due to its long plot a chasms between any scene of action. In my opinion, it was probably the worst of the series, so I was hoping for great things. To my utter delight, 6 was probably my 4th favorite, right in front of The Chamber of Secrets. I found this book incredibly engaging, which i haven't felt since #4, my favorite. There is plenty of action, plot twists, a great beginning, and a dynamite ending. It was the first time since #4 that I honestly couldn't put down the book (finished it in about 6 and a half hours).It left me wanting the 7th book right away, and I must say I am looking forward to it.<br/><br/>However, as I am a long time fan, some things bothered me greatly as I read this book. First of which, the love intrests were ludicrus. Now, I enjoy romance in a book and found nothing "wrong" with the fact that this book put more of it in. I was actually hoping for it. Sadly, it seemed all the romantic interests were totally out of character, almost like fan fiction. First, Ron and Hermione wanting to get involved with each other was stupid for the growth of both of their characters, as the other five books did not delve into this realm in the slightest.Not only that, but suddenly Ron is considered a stud by the most available Gryffindor girls Also, Harry playing almost a stalker to Ginny felt totally misplaced, dumb, and unsettling . Suddenly, Ginny is "hot" and Harry plays almost a rapist eyeing his victim from afar. This was totally weird. Aside from more love going awry, other characters act completely out of a character being bulit on for five years (especially the "Half-Blood Prince"). On top of this, Ron and Hermione unexplainably refuse to follow Harry's instincts like they have any other time. A crappy "Sorry" is all he gets at the end. Whups! Even the omniscient Dumbledore makes scathing misjudgements throughout! Not only this, but every new character to the book is not compelling or important in the least. Some additives to the plot like random secondary characters hooking up and some just being annoying really end up hurting the entire seris as a whole.<br/><br/>Still, even with the huge character flaws and needless character  interactions, the death at the end, even though it may seem obvious, is emotionally tolling on the reader. It leaves the characters in perfect set up for the 7th book. It took a weird course of action getting there though.<br/><br/>-Biz
 I love all of the Harry potter books. I haven't read them in years and decided to read them again a few months ago.
 I feel that the half blood prince is better in terms of storyline as compared to order of Phoenix. Its well written. The end is a bit of a dampener though- also one gets the feeling that due to the roaring commercial success of the book- the author is preparing the readers for the fact that there may be more than seven books in the offing.<br/><br/>In any case the book has had the usual impact- cannot wait to get hold of the seventh title.
 Another masterful chapter in the adventures of Harry Potter. Ending on a sad note but leaving the reader craving for the next chapter.
 This was a great book!  I really liked how they not only focused on the magic side of things, but also on the fact that these kids are 16 and they want to "snog" with each other!  It is real life appicable, and it gives a real sense that these kids are real! What a great 6th installment.  I have to say, without giving anything away, that the last 100 pages were real tear jerking pages!  You know in the 4th book how you get all choked up when Harry is seeing Cedric and his mom and dad, etc. coming out of "he-who-must-not-be-named" wand?  This is just as good!  What an amazing author!  She really hit a home run with this one!  READ IT!!!!!!!!!
 Really enjoyed this Potter. It was much better then the previous. No more whining. It takes you away to a great place.
 Just finished reading this book and only if you (like millions other people) continue to read the series - read it, otherwise it's waste of time. It's clearly miidle-of-the series book (well almost-the-end-book may be if rumors are right). Not too much action, very much water, most characters are two-dimentional. I've read this book in two evenings - much less than other five...<br/>Half-Blood Prince mistery is not mistery at all - you read and see...<br/>Still, Rowlings writes quite well - so two stars are only for that, but she really needs improvement for a finale...
 I loved the book. I can't believe Snape killed Dumbledore it is so sad. I really liked when Ron beat McLaggen in the Quiddage tryouts. I love the book so much I would recommend it to anyone!<br/><br/>-Katie Samel
 This was amazing I loved it so much  the epilogue was fantastic I love  the idea of how there was one another order it was just so fantastic
 J.K Rowling has out done herself with this sixth book!  It is a must read!  This book has joy, sadness, anger, and love.
 I must agree with most of the reviewers that this book was indeed a masterpiece. Although it perhaps lacked the action and suspense of the previous two, (a lot of the time was spent examining the character of Tom Riddle) it is, perhaps the most important book of the series so far. Basically, all the mysteries and unanswered questions from the previous books are resolved here. Of course, Rowling does not dissapoint with her humor either, though this book is distinctly darker. All in all, this book is a fabulous read--now all we need is the 7th!
 Being a mom of two young children, it took me about a week to finish reading this book.  The difference, I noticed, was that in HP books past, I found it painful to put the book down and do the basic, yet necessary, as in feed my kids.  This time, I could put the book down and provide a pretty decent meal!  In short, the 6th book did not provide me with the suspense, excitement, humor that I loved in all the previous books.  Even the Goblet of Fire, my favorite, in all its darkness, left me spellbound and wanting more. The Half-Blood Prince was not the captivating book I anticipated.  Even the death and betrayal were nothing short of what I figured out within the first few chapters.  Come on, JK, help make child neglect at my home worthwhile again!
 I went to the party at 12:01 and was just SOO excited to get my book. I got home and started reading. I lost interest during the first two chapters. I was confused, somewhat, and rather bored..<br/><br/>It was not what I was expecting. Gridmund (sp?) Place was mentioned once or twice and so was Sirius's death. In the 5th book Sirius's death was so huge and I cried and was so heartbroken. And yet in this book Harry barely even cried or talked about it. It annoyed me. I was also thinking that Harry's Private lessons would be learing newer magic and better dueling, but yet again he only learned of past memories which were important but still.. There was little talk about the classes and what was going on with the new subjects.<br/><br/>The book seemed to just drag on with no action or adventure. It just wasn't the same. I can't completely explain it. Things were left out of the book and some things were mentioned and then never mentioned again, Like Dobby and Kreacher's thing for Harry. The last part of the book was were I finally got interested and couldn't put it down. And yet I was still confused during those parts, things were explained well enough. Then there was Dumbledores death. Wasn't he an important part in helping Harry defeat Voldemort? And then after his death things went fast and were messily written. I was thinking the book was to keep going on but it just stopped. And what is this about Harry not comming back to Hogwarts? Ahh. and its said that the 7th book won't come out for ANOTHER two years! It's going to have to be an extremely long book for everything to be clearer..<br/><br/>I still haven't decided if I like the book or not.. But I guess if I hadn't been expecting some things I would have liked it a lot more. But don't think that this is a terrible book, it really isn't. It was just.. just different from the others..
 Before I write, let it be said this will have MANY SPOILERS. You have been warned. I must say that this book was actually very good though I do agree that there was some friction in the plot. Such as Harry using "love" to over come the Dark lord. I also don't like that we are supposed to believe that Dumbledore could not kill the Dark Lord but Harry, a boy who will not be finishing his classes (as it is said in book 6) will be able to. Horcruxes or not Harry stood no chance against Snape when they fought in this book just imagine how he'll fair against the Dark Lord. Some of the relationships that developed did seem forced. Harry's interest in Ginny being the main one.Though the interest did come out of no where it was portrayed very well especially the " Ron or Ginny" part (when he is wondering how Ron will deal with his interest in Ginny). My favorite part is the fact that Malfoy became a more complex character! The boy was portrayed pathetically both in book 5 and Movie three. I am glad he cried and ecstatic that he could not kill Professor Dumbledore. It shows he is not just some "Product of a Rich father" He seems to be a clever boy (with a great plan that got the Death Eaters into the Hogwarts)who can think for himself. I was pleased by these turn of events. I believe that Dumbledore's death was crucial. Cedric was irrelevant, Sirius was sad but did nothing, Dumbledore however Needed to die. Before everyone jumps at me I was as sad as the next person in reading his death, but even there it is made clear that he would protect Harry no matter what. As great as that is, this is something Harry has to do for himself. Besides I stand here firmly saying Snape is not evil and this was all planned and neither Snape or Draco will see the inside of Azkaban. I'd like to believe this is not wishful thinking.<br/><br/>  All in all this book was amazing with few flaws. I enjoyed tremendously, and try as I might (which trust me I had important things to do yesterday) I could not put it down. I finished it at about 4:00 am after going over parts and savouring every minute I read. I laughed aloud at some jokes and squealed happily at others. I have grown up with these characters and it has been my pleasure reading these books. I have learned a great deal from them. I do however agree that these books are no longer for children. Well this has been fun and I hope I helped!
 After seeing the first three films and reading the last two books, I was looking forward to reading this newest edition.  I got through it in two days, but am sad to say I was extremely disappointed.<br/><br/>It was rather tame in the action department compared to the others.  I felt as if the last portion of the book was thrown together quickly just to bring the book to a close after 600+ pages and provide some sort of excitement for readers and a lead in to the next book.  But frankly, it just didn't work.<br/><br/>And yes we get to learn a VERY LITTLE BIT about You Know Who's childhood, but nothing revealed gave any indication of why he is the way he is...the whole "he was just born bad" thing doesn't do it for me.<br/><br/>I did enjoy how the characters are developing as they reach adulthood, and the whole jealous/confused/in love teenager thing was cute and brought back a lot of memories (ok, I loved the whole Won-Won thing, Hermione is definitely my favorite character!), but that is about all I can say worked for me in this book.<br/><br/>Let's hope the next one is better.
 This is a great addition to the series. It explains alot of the story in a very entertaining way. It was a fun read and one of the best. Recommend it to any Harry Potter fans. (not like I need to).
 Great summer read.  I do wish the movie was half as good as the book.  Always good to go back to the Harry Potter novels every once in a while.  I always pick up something new.
 Um, it's Harry Potter!! How could anyone NOT like it? This was probably my 7th time rereading it, and it never gets old.
 nice story.I look forward reading the other books from this Harry potter series .I hope that more books can come out as i like the author which is J.K Rowling
 Once again, J.K. Rowling delivers! I continued to look forward to my daily opportunities to follow Harry Potter and friends in their wizarding worlds.
 This book set is one of the BEST books I have ever read. One more book to go and I can not wait!
 This book is fun for all ages and is one of my favorite in the series. The end breaks my heart but I still love the book!
 Great read
 I was so excited about reading this book!  It started of so well and helped explain many things missing from the previous five.  Including more information that goes along with the Chamber of Secrets.  However, this book upon reading it was extremely predictable and the foreshadowing was too blatently obvious.  It did however, set up a good transition for the seventh book, which if done properly could be the best.  I rate this book as the fourth best in the series, with Goblet of Fire next and Order of the Phoenix being the best thus far.
 This book was amazing could not stop reading it fot a bit! Can't believe especially at the end how it turns out, I was in tears...The whole time I was reading it was like I was in another world, too bad we still have to wait for so long for the next 1...It was much better then the 5th 1, thank god because that was a disppointment. It had so much suspense and excitment at the same time that I think that is almost impossible not to like it! Whoever is unsure if u should buy it don't because it's reeaaaaaally good (if u enjoy the Harry Potter series)!
 I continue to be surprised at how much I love these books. I don't think I could cry so much, while still having to read. I loved every word.
 That is all.  Just spellbound, although Harry gets a bit incestuous.  Still cry every single time I read this one
 Lacks the timelessness of Rowling's original works.  Clearly, the worst work under her name.
 Great book with tons of adventure
 Even better second time through!
 This is a very well written series that I think all should read. Its captivating, action packed and FANTASTIC!!! Highly recommended
 Absolutely love this book.
 I enjoyed every moment of my time at Hogwarts in HBP. J.K. Rowling does a wonderful job of filling in pieces of the puzzle. Of course there are plenty more pieces left to uncover for book seven.<br/><br/>Harry and the gang are growing up and taking on more challenges. Yes, there is a terrible loss of a beloved character, however, a necessary one I believe, for Harry to come to terms with his destiny.  And perhaps, things are not quite what they seem.<br/><br/>There are plenty of mysteries and puzzles to stew over for the next two years.  I for one can hardly wait and will have to read HBP again.  There's always the movie to help fill the wait! :)<br/><br/>Any Potter fan will enjoy this sixth visit to the wizarding world!
 Loved the fact that Harry and Ginny had dated for a short while. Disappointing that Dumbledore died and Ginny and Harry broke up.
 Once again, JK Rowling didn't fail in taking me into another dimension. The very detailed book series made Harry Potter my obsession!
 After reading Prince, I read the previous HP books again. The biggest shortcoming was that this book felt like a prelude to the last book of the series. It could have been made a lot smaller and tighter. All other books manage to stand on their own, not this one. As a prelude to Book 7, it is great, as a stand alone book, well it is not so great.<br/><br/>This harsh review doesnt mean that, I would not be standing in queue at 3AM to buy book 7. As Ms. Rowling has already finished that, so a humble request is to have that printed as soon as possible. So that we can enjoy Potter and Ms. Rowling can enjoy peace &amp; quiet (at least for a while, before we clamor for more Potter).<br/><br/>Regards
 This book is hands down amazing. A must read. So different from the film. Tears of joy and heartbreak. Going to read again and again.
 I have always enjoyed the Harry Potter series, but was unhappy that I could not get them downloaded onto my Kindle until recently. It is an even better read now that I am able to read them on my kindle.
 Once I began reading the Harry Potter books, I was unable to stop.  In fact, I read all books up through #5 in the span of one week.  I was quite excited about #6 coming out.  I felt that this book had a good start, but then it just died off.  It was like I was just waiting and waiting for something to happen, and it never really did until the very end.  I was never caught up in the story as I was in the previous 5 books.  I felt that of the books, this was the weakest, as the characters and plot was not as compelling or engaging as they had been in the past.  I still enjoyed the book, and appreciated the new information gained about characters, such as more of an explanation of Voldemort's past, however I will admit to being slightly dissappointed.  I will still eagerly await the final book, and believe that it will be the true test of JKR's writing skills to see how she ties everything up.
 **** SPOILER warning ****<br/><br/>Don't read if you don't want to know the ending.<br/><br/>So as I sat with my mom at Barnes and Noble to buy book six, she asked me who I thought was going to die.  I told her Dumbledore and why I thought so.  I was still surprised by the ending and I had a bad case of the Dumbledore Died Blues (DDB).  I really liked the development of the characters and I have read the book twice now.  I recommend the book to anyone who has read the series.
 I've read this book now four times and each time I find something new that I missed the first time. Rowling is an amazing author and captivates her readers from the very beginning.  After I finish rereading the deathly Hallows I will most definitely be reading more of her work.
 Great read, if you like the Harry Potter series. May be helpful to review other Books in the series first, as there are many references to Harry &amp; co's past escapades. Sad but not unexpected ending.
 Rowling really put her self in a tough situation after writing this book.  She had to write a book 7 to upscale it.  She did an admirable job, but her story wrote book 7 in itself.  Book 6 was her best work, and really turned the story of Harry Potter around.
 Did anyone notice the inference that the number 7 was a magical number of great significance?  I think that was a bit forced and self-servicing.<br/><br/>Frankly, with the amount of filler and fluff in these books, I think this series could have been wrapped up a book or 2 ago - how about 5 as a magic number?  Or better yet, the TRILOGY.<br/><br/>I was really let down by this book, even more than the Goblet of Fire.  I kept slogging through the first 3/4 of the book, waiting for something to happen - you know, a plot with action/reaction.<br/><br/>The ending happened so suddenly, fast, and furious - it was like being slapped in the face with a cold fish.  And my emotions about what happened felt the same - cold and indifferent.  Yes, a tragedy for sure, but I didn't feel it as much as I should have.<br/><br/>When I started reading these books oh-so-many years ago, it was a nice, weekend getaway escaping from the hard, harsh every-day life of work and responsibilities.  Now, it's depressing, sad, and just no longer FUN.<br/><br/>I fear what's coming in book 7.  Not of what's going to happen to any of the characters, but to my morale.  Frankly, I don't see how Rowling can make a 180 from the path she's taking us without making it feel artificially contrived.  And I just don't know how she's going to wrap it up in a single book, especially considering the plodding rate of progress that events are taking place.<br/><br/>Finally, I just don't see how this book of any of them can be made into a movie - there's just not enough substance to keep our attention for more than 30 minutes.  That's about all the plot and action to have this book.<br/><br/>Oh well.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book over all the previous. Like many, I had this preordered a good 8 months before it came out, and was waiting on pins and needles.  I ready about 200 pages on Sunday, and finished the rest of it all on Monday.<br/><br/>I won't get into spoilers for any who actually haven't read this yet, but I particularly enjoyed Dumbledore's history lessons with Harry about Voldemort's past.  Another enjoyable addition in this book is all the romance going on.  It adds plenty of spice to the series, and leaves the reader very curious.  I can't wait until book 7!  I'm sure all ready all 6 books straight through a few more times before Book 7's release.
 just finished book 6, since the other reviews have plot line info i'll just leave it as Brilliant! read and i'll be very much looking forward to Book 7 to see how this fascinating story concludes.
 Hello, Gandolf here, just returned from Azkaban prison where I was falsely accused by Voldemort. I had to send my OWL Slant to deliver Pensieve message to PF Flyers bookie.<br/><br/>While riding my broom back to Hogwarts I picked up an instructors manual for first years called "Fenton Hardy's  Greatest Spells".<br/><br/>JK Rowling if your reading these reviews  (And if your not, someone needs to bring this to your attention) Harrys father is not dead! He is being held in a secret charm book that YOU KNOW Who has cast spells on.<br/><br/>-----------------------------------------------------------------<br/><br/>Thank Heavens I have my voice back. Sincerely,Gandolf
 I was shocked when reached the end and couldn't believe it.I've read all the Harry Potter series and I'm sure this is the most surprising end I've read.There is no doubt that if you like the other Harry Potters you will LOVE this one.<br/><br/>I'm not going t tell you what happened in the story so you can enjoy reading it yourself.But I can tell you that the book is worth reading.
 I simply do not understand how this book recieves critical acclaim from reviewers all over the country! Basically, the plot is: just another year at Hogwarts, and some twists at the end. It felt like a good chunk of the book was somewhat predictable fluff, and that even the title didnt really AMOUNT to anything in the end. If this book were a color, it would be beige. Easily forgettable, you could skip most of the book until about the last few hundred pages which are well worth the effort because of the key shocking events. But for the most part, it marks a further decline in the Harry series.
 Ok, so the first few chapters remind you of book #4 in the harry potter series, if only becuase they don;t mention harry. However this book quickly picks up the pace, wiht:<br/>A suprising betrayal<br/>A suprising (and emotional) death<br/>A suprising new romance<br/>and much more.<br/>I personally think the Harry potter series before this was sort of broken, since you didn't have to read the second book to understand the third, and so on. Until this book. This book dives into the history of Lord Voldermort, the most feared dark wizard of all time. It explains why voldemort is invincible, nad more. It is a must read for most perople, especially harry potter fans.
 This was an amazing book. At the beginning of the series I was reading this book because my family urged me too, but now I love it. it touched my heart and told me to challenge the way I read. it was amazing read the first through the last.
 I love the Harry Potter series.  The characters have been bought to life and have grown from children to adults.  New characters have been introduced and old ones evolved.  The story in Half-Blood Prince sets up the final show down beautifully while still being a complete installment on its own.  Many questions answered but many more spring to mind. I will be very sad when the series ends, I feel like they are now friends who I'll miss when I can no longer visit with them.
 This book is definitely setting up for the last book, and seems to be entirely for that. Starts a little slow, works up to good pretty quickly, and becomes very good close to the end. Can't wait for the last book!
 any one who thinks HARRY POTTER is just a cutesy poo story<br/><br/>just for little children, needs to look at the over ten million<br/><br/>copys of this book alone, to realize little childrens books do<br/><br/>not sell that well.Don't get me wrong, children love it.<br/><br/>I am nearly three quarters of a century on this earth, and I<br/><br/>love it. I would never ruin the ending for any one, but it is<br/><br/>sad but logical. The romance is not what you expect, so it<br/><br/>was great. I put this book up, I will read it again. I just hope<br/><br/>the author doesn't wait years before giving us a sequel.
 I very much enjoyed reading the previous books and I thought the 6th was no different. I had pre-ordered the book and the moment I recieved it, I cracked it open and began reading. The first chapter was strange but I let that slide seeing as J.K. had to begin somewhere. But after finishing it, I felt I like just read a well written fanfiction on-line. Total parts of things like Christmas and other things in the others were missing. Barely anything was about the school, including hardy any classes explained and such. I know this is one of the last books and needs to connect more to LV and Harry defeating him, but yet so much was missing. What's with all the romance? I expect tiny bits of romance and such sprinked on throughout the book but you could have picked it up and started at paged 450 and not miss much.  Where did Harry's anger from book 5 go? J.K. Rowling's style has changed, I accept that, but from this book, it's totally different. Barely anything I expected from the book was there. It felt like reading some highschool kid's version of the book. The book isn't something I would never read again, but it was a complete let down in many ways. I hope the 7th compensates for this because I'm still a Harry P. fan and enjoy reading them. This may have been just my out look on the book because I know many people who enjoyed it and I wish to all who read it, enjoyable time reading.
 I love the way Ms. Rowling writes with all the description. I'm a new author TD Cooper and have been studying her style throughout the series.
 This book is the best of the entire series.  People should understand how important a good role model is like Dumbledore was to Harry.
 I love the Harry Potter series! Everything about J.K. Rowling's writing brings you in and helps you get to know the characters.
 If you have enjoyed the other Harry Potter books, you'll like this one as well.  It is typical Rowling and it is an easy enough read with a fun story.
 I'm not a Harry Potter FIEND like some I know. But I was looking forward to book 6 and I did finish it in one sitting....can't say that for many books. I enjoyed this one just as much as 1-5. I was afraid that after so many titles, Rowling would try to introduce too many new things 'to keep it fresh' - and end up destroying the magic. Anyone who's read The Dark Tower books by Stephen King will know how some rushed writing can turn an excellent series -w- potential to be a classic into a giant stinking turd.  But she pulled it off....and I hope she takes her time on the next one.
 Great series
 Best one so far!  Of course, my daughter and I are both sad that we are on the last book now, and afraid of what awaits us in the Deathly Hallows.
 like many others, i didn't put it down. I felt a little dissappointed in the ending, as it seemed more unresolved than ever before, but I enjoyed the book
 LOVE
 I LOVE THE HARRY POTTER SERIES AND I WOULD RECOMMEND THEM TO ANYONE AND EVERYONE!!!!<br/>SPOLILER ALERT!!!!<br/>I LOVE THE BOOK BUT I LOVED DUMBLEDORE AND I WISH HE COULD HAVE STAYED WITH HARRY!!!!! FIRST SIRIUS, NOW THIS!!! BUT GREAT BOOK! REALLY, J.K. ROWLING IS AMAZING!!!!!
 I love the 'Harry Potter' series but this one fell short of the mark. It's like 600 pages of background reading for book 7.<br/>The others all had a complete storyline (the stone was discovered/recovered  Bk 1], the Chamber was opened and the heir revealed Bk 2], etc.); all could be stand alone reads.<br/>I think she fell into the Anne Rice trap. As a reader I want some resolution after 600 pages to something. This book left me with nothing but a long wait to find out how it ends. I enjoy her writing style, but feel a little cheated being left like this.
 Anyone with children that want to read the Potter collection these tapes are a must. It really helps with some of the difficult words in the book. My son loves being able to read along with the tapes. I found this book to be intense throughout. I would make sure you have read the first 5 books before reading book 6. Great book!!
 I just finished the book and am quite disappointed.  To me the book is written like a movie script this time.  I could just imagine how they would present the scenes in Hollywood fashion.  And this is the first time that we have been totally left hanging.  Who is R.A.B.?  What good will come of this terrible murder?  I felt at the end like I was watching a soap opera and not reading Rowling.<br/><br/>You cannot say the book was bad though.  The writing of J.K. Rowling is still tip-top - it's just in comparison with other books she has written... disappointing.
 I waited in great anticipation of the release of Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince and could hardly wait to receive my copy.  The day it arrived I ripped open the package and dove in.  By the evening I had been through my first read through.  You simply can't put it down.  Now I'm on my second read (more leisurely this time), and it is a wonderful piece.
 This book is my favourite yet in the wonderful Harry Potter series from our Anglo friend J.K. Rowling. If forced to single out my favourite passage, I would say that it would have to be when Harry and his fellow wizards liberate Ireland and Scotland from the the evil force which is the decadent crown of the `United' kingdumb.
 I love harry potter! It is amazing, thank you so so so much for all of the books!<br/>P.S this one is my favorite!!!!!!!
 Absolutely great. Well crafted.
 This is a book that you can't read without a box of tissues beside you.  And not without knowing that good triumphs in the end!
 As wonderful as the earlier installments of this series have been, the Half-Blood Prince is by far the most complex and well-written volume. I can't wait for the final book to be released!
 It is Harry's sixth year in Hogwarts and perhaps his hardest yet. He is thrust into the forefront of the wizarding war that's raging around him. Harry is faced with difficult situations and the realities of war.<br/><br/>  This long awaited and eagerly anticipated book lives up to expectations perhaps even surpasses them. It is un-put-downable! With twists, turns and JK's signature wit what more could you want?
 This is EVERYTHING.
 I started reading the series when I was eight in the ten years that have followed I have continued to enjoy the books that filled my mind with wonderful fantasies and now upon completing this book for the fourth time I still love Harry, Hermione, Ron, and the rest of the Harry Potter characters.
 A epic book and a great read I loved it<br/>You should give the series a chance<br/>Just try it
 Great book
 Harry potter is probably the best series there is. Most of the time i hate the books ending because the author ended it poorly, but instead I hated the ending because it stopped. I only wish the series would never end
 Great book, can't wait to read the next installment in the series.  Has Harry finally acquired the necessary resolve to meet his destiny head-on?
 I loved the book although the ending is really sad. I love all the harry potter books and don't want it to ever end
 Like most others, I definately liked this one better than book 5, but it seems that some of the magic that made the first four books so awesome is gone.  Instead of having an equal balance of highs and lows, it seems the lows are heavily outweighing the highs.  I'd love to see Harry develop some amazing new never-before-seen talent, or win a fight against the bad guys for a change. So far Dumbledore and Hermione seem to be better and stronger wizards than Harry who gets by on luck most of the time. I guess we have to be patient and wait for book 7 to feel avenged and satisfied with the ending. I sure hope Rowling knocks our socks off with book 7.
 ok so i recieved the book today through the mail at 1 and it is currently 9pm. it is SO FREAKING GOOD. the best harry potter book next to prizoner of azkaban. wont give anything away because thats the thrill of reading it. at the end of the book it leaves you feeling bittersweet. knowing what will probably come in book 7 but also sad that the end of the harry potter series is approaching. MUST MUST MUST MUST READ THIS BOOK! and dont skip to the end like i was tempted to do but didnt. patience and read it through til the very end~
 I like it cuz of the twists.There is a part in which you can read for free too like the deathly Hallows. Must read
 This is the 4th time reading the series. The convenience of having it on the kindle makes it even better. The book has all the signature components that hooked me to the series namely adventre, friendship and loss. I love this series.
 I am with the reviewer below.  I believe that Snape is still on the Order's side.<br/><br/>However, I think that he did kill Dumbledore, but it was to relieve Dumbledore's suffering.  Notice, that he protected Harry from the Cruciatus Curse even though he hates Harry.  We also never found out what it is that made Dumbledore trust Snape.
 I love Harry Potter and i wish the series didn't have to end! GO HARRY POTTER!!! YA!!!!! Harry Potter is a great series and it is a real page turner! I stayed up  untill 12:00 PM last night finishing this book! HARRY POTTER!!!!!
 Great book!
 I really liked this book because it had such great detail and description. I can't wait to read the next book
 The last two installments of the Harry Potter series were excellent. This one is like a mediocre The Empire Strikes Back, a book that contains a lot background and hints of future events, but doesn't hold up well on it's on. At the end, there are too many unanswered questions. At the end of the previous installment in the series, I was sad, but in this installment I was just annoyed. The author seems to have been deceiving us (or maybe it's all just a rouse again) about the nature of key characters in the series. Also, what makes this one lacking is that the final showdown is a bit of a let-down.<br/><br/>In general, I don't think the writing is as good in this book. And a lot of the repeated behaviors of certain characters are now starting to feel like the same old, same old stuff. I've really enjoyed previous installments in the series, especially The Goblet of Fire and the Order of the Phoenix. To me, the ending of this book was really a disappointment.
 Occasionally the dialogue was mediocre, but overall, the book moved well and developed the characters nicely.  I'm looking forward to the next one, er whenever that is.<br/><br/>And in light of some other stuff I've been reading, this one's pure bliss to read.
 I must say that I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I mean, it is no Order of the Phoenix, but I'll take it!  It is nice to finally have the backstory I have been waiting for.<br/><br/>I love how the kids have grown up and become young adults.  The transformations in personalities and maturity are portrayed wonderfully.  JK Rowling has such a talent for storytelling, and she has an imagination that amazes me.<br/><br/>Thank you JK, your books are truly gifts to be treasured.
 A great read for young and old alike.
 This is the best book so far! It is a roller coaster ride of emotions from pure joy to the most extreme sorrow. J.K. Rowling has created a fantastical world and each book, however brief, allows her readers a glimpse into a world better and in some ways worse than the reality in which they live everyday. There are few words that can correctly describe my profound reaction to the sixth installment of Harry Potter. Every Harry Potter fan must read this book!!!!
 This is my favorite book of the whole series. It's whimsical and dark at the same time. A lot of really great and really terrible things happen, and it's the beginning of the end.
 Amazing book - I loved the way that Harry and Dumbledore collaborated in this installment, not just as student and professor as in previous books, but as 2 people fighting for the same cause.  My only complaint is that I predicted the main drama at the end - all I had to do was read the chapter titles and I knew basically what would happen.  Note to self for the next book (or to you, if you haven't read this volume yet): don't bother with reading the list of chapter titles, just read the book.
 Harry's all grown up...so are his friends.  He's coming into his own.  The war with Voldemort escalates, relationships shift, and pasts are revealed as the story unwinds.  I don't want to give anything away, but truly, this is a wonderful new chapter in the Hogwart's saga.
 this book was a lot like the last book - order of the phoenix.  didn't get exciting until towards the end.  i felt somewhat bored in the first 3/4 of the book.  she probably could have condensed it down a bit.  jk rowling did do a good job in that it left you wanted to read the next book.  hopefully it will come out next year, but that probably won't happen.  all in all, i felt that it was a decent book (not as great as let's say Goblet of Fire) and i look foward to the reading the final Potter book.
 good
 Awesome!!
 really makes you wish you were there to help in all of the 'battles' so believeable you find yourself leaning against platforms in trainstations.. maybe thats only me... no im only kidding but it truly is a wonder that this could be fabricated from absolutly nothing
 Good<br/>Book . liked it very much. Would record!end it to the Harry Potter fan. Lots of great fun inside.
 One of the best
 I love this series!
 JK Rawling has let her readers down.  After building up to the exciting and dramatic Order of the Phoenix, this book was flat.  I kept waiting for something to happen.  Eventually it did, but, that was at the end of the book.  There was no suspense and very little action.  This book was simply filler between book 5 and book 7.<br/><br/>I can practically predict what will happen in book 7 following the conclusion of book 6.  I sincerely hope I am wrong and Rawling surprises us all.
 I hadn't realized what a wonderful book I was ordering. First off, I loved the box, the cover, the book itself! I thought this book was definately a great read. From the very beginning it held my attention. I couldn't wait to finish it. Though I'm always so disappointed when I finish the book because I always want to know more. Suspense, humor, tragedy, romance, this book has it all. What a great book.
 I couldn't put this one down, and find it the best of the series, probably because even though I have now put it down, I can't stop thinking about the characters and the experiences they have.<br/><br/>From the first to the last page the writing takes you into the Hogwart's universe. Deft characterisation, humour, a definite moral reference subtly rendered AND terrific storytelling. The last 100 pages are amazing, the climax a real shock but logical.I just can't wait for the last instalment, but am also dreading it as well, because then it will be all over.<br/><br/>I have noticed of late a slight wave of cynicism around and criticism of Rowling's latest offering. I am just grateful for her amazing work. Let's not lose sight of the incredible richness of her creative imagination, sustained throughout six volumes and who knows how many words. This is a miraculous accomplishment.
 It's Harry Potter. There is no need for a review. Just read it already.
 Can I give it more than 5 stars? All the stars.
 Good read
 Loved the whole series
 Fabulous as all the others!
 This book will make you cry (if you love to read harry potter) and be very suprised. Friends are turning on each other. Relationships are started then end. Someone we all thought was good was not. One person in the  story we should all hate sinks so low i just could not believe it. Many characters are introduced, welcomed back, and leave forever (i mean bit the dust). Even if you dont read the Harry Potters just read this one, you will be turned on 4ever.
 It is a book that sets up grand finale of the series and I think outshines it at the same time. The series starts evolving a more serious tone after book four and it reaches maturity in this book.
 I've read this book about 10 time and I will most likely read it again.
 Listening to the Harry Potter audio series is an incredible treat. Jim Dale is wonderful. Highly recommended.
 Great book. It made me cry. I recommend this book highly to book lovers just like me. It is very emotional.
 Great bridge from book 5 to book 7...can't wait to see what happens next!  We never would have guessed who the half blood prince was - such a surprise.
 this book was good, if you werent expecting things to be further tied together. first off, there were times when it was REALLY SLOW, and then there were times when teh book move WAY TOO FAST and didnt really leave time for explanations. it was really annoying.<br/><br/>if you read the 5th book, you know sirius dies. (and if youre reading this, im sure youve read that book) they mention that all of maybe twice. like it wasnt a big deal. it was upsetting. my favorite character killed off...  and then they dont even talk about it. thats the end. yea, harry gets a little something, but nothing too spectacular. quite a letdown really.<br/><br/>yea, i know i couldnt put it down, but it was still quite a disappointment when i reached the end. it seemed like the whole book was chopped in half, with new characters being added into the story that should have been a little more explained. plus, the characters that were in there were clipped. it was really difficult to try to see what was happening. some scenes were completely and absoloutely unnessecary, and there were some things that should have been added in. i mean, how can they kill off one of the most important characters of this book and the entire series, and just be sad about it and go on? people should shut down, not try anymore. harry should have been much more hurt than they made him out to be<br/><br/>so... why didnt they end it the same way the ended the rest of them? because it got edited? it seems like there was more that was supposed  to be written on certain topics that just got cut out. and what ever happened to "we will find out where harry got the money" and everything else that we were supposed to find out about??? maybe in the next one? maybe, but quite positively maybe not. theyve been promising that for 2 books now... is the next book going to be 2000 pages long to finish up all the loose ties??? this book was supposed to be longer than the last one... and it was only like 650 pages or something. whatever.<br/><br/>it was good, but disappointing to me to say the least. the last one let me down, this one was even more disappointing.
 My favorite one yet!
 This is a rather good book with interesting character growth. But I won't recommend it for those who never read anything from Harry Potter.
 Honestly, I have been a huge fan of the Harry Potter series from the very beginning.  I was so disappointed with this book.  It lacked in all of the following: mystery, intrigue, the ups and downs of all of the previous books, and seriously lacking in ADVENTURE!!  I know that the kids are all growing up, but it read more like a soap opera than anything else.  I know that we are supposedly nearing the end of this series, but it felt a lot to me like Rowling was just phoning it in.  Yes, there was a tug at the old heartstrings, but it did also feel a little bit forced.  It was a very quick read, as were all of the others, and there were a few amusing moments throughout.
 it is awesome<br/>like s*** like s*** like s*** i love it cauz it is op as s*** love it love
 half blood prince is agreat story .filled with adventures  and  endless  flirting and fun .it" s the must read book of the century .
 Many authors have tried to create a whole universe, and even some of the great story tellers of our time have come close - but have been scared off by the monumental job. Stephen King's Dark Tower was close, but the final books did not live up to the initial creative vision.  Rowling keeps churning out believable characters and plot twists that will keep the pages turning and keep you anticipating the next book.
 Once again, J.K. Rowling has blown me away with her amazing writing talent.  This one, like all the other Harry Potter books, had me hooked and begging for more.  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince will wisk you away to the magical school of Hogwarts and show you the true meaning of friendship, loyalty, love, and evil.
 Love all things Harry Potter
 I have not read any of the other Potter books, so this is my first. After seeing the last movie, The Order of the Phoenix, I had to see what happens. This book was great, I did not feel lost at all by not reading the prior books. I am currently on the 7th and final and can not put it down. I never thought I would like these type of books, but may I say that J.K. Rowling is pure genius.
 I love this book. So much emotion!! This is my favorite book of all time! It is how J. K. Rowling writes because she expresses all emotion. Do not read to small children.
 i love it like the other reviews that i've written and jk rowling is one of my personal favorites. (caution i write reviews only one books that i pick by myself and i'm influenced by NOone and only on books that i think are good, which goes along way) i can't wait until she releases the seventh *cackle* *wahh* but it will also be the last of the series,i want another series to emerge after this written by jk rowling!!!!
 Great book, like all the other HP books.
 Like all the books in the series, this is well written, good character development and it keeps your attention.  Hard to put down.
 It was amazeballs
 J.K. Rowling continues to impress me with the Half-Blood Prince. Although this installation in the series seems to have less action then some of the previous books, it's still a great book that I found hard to put down (which is why I finished it in 2 days). The ending is a bit sad (I won't give away why), but it makes me think that the seventh book will be the best one so far.
 Amazing book. The negative reviews make no sense to me - did they actually read it? Of course the overall tone is darker - Harry and his friends are sixteen now and facing a real war with a fearsome enemy, hence the sad losses. I can't wait to see what J.K. Rowling comes up with for the final chapter.
 love Harry Potter
 This is a great book!!  Although it is considered a children's book, adults will love this too!  It will draw you into the whole line of Harry Potter books.  A must read!!!
 Two of my favorite characters get the shaft in book 6-- Neville and Luna.  Ms. Rowling takes the safe route with plot and gives Harry the lackluster future mate.  Having Luna blossom was my hope.  I also knew who the half-blood prince was the moment Harry got the old potions book.  Endless chasing of Malfoy was tiring and unrewarding.  Harry is still worth defending, however.  Hoping for an edgier finale.
 Love Harry Potter! Great series for all ages. Cannot put it down. Well written with great imagination. Will read again
 The ending is the only reason this book gets 5 stars.  A good start, then slow to develop, agonizingly boring throughout the middle, the story finally develops its plot and climax all at once towards the end - making it finally worthy of standing alongside the other 5 in the Harry Potter series.
 I loved how from the beginning Potter suspected Malfoy, although Dumbledores death was a shock to me. Overall the book was greatly written and I can't wait to read it again.
 If your just getting to this book, better go back and start with the first one.  Trust me, you cannot miss a single one of these!  I know of no better reading anywhere!  Doesn't matter, young or old, these are worth the time.  Can't wait for Book 7!!
 This was another fine book. I was upset at the way it ended, however, and hope that Rowling doesn't wait 2 year for the next and final book! I must say the tone of the H.P. series has become darker and more grave with each book; and that trend continues with the half-blood prince. I was upset at the end, surprised to find out who the Half-Blood Prince is and the implications of the title and person involved, and I was mad at the person who died--for his lack of foresight! I won't spoil the ending for you however. You'll end the book with you jaw dropped, saying "NO WAY!" Enjoy!
 So much better than any movie! Glad the movie was pretty accurate! Can't wait to research the movie and start the last book
 This is my favorite in the the seris besides order of the phenix so. I read in three days it was so good! This book is a must read. I promise you that you will NOT want to put this book down once you finisnh the first chapter. READ THIS BOOK!!!!!!!!
 Entertaining as expected!
 My favorite so far!
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is the absolute worst book of the Harry Potter series. As a HP fan, I was quite disappointed with the entire novel. It's plot was confusing and there seemed to be way too many subplots. The theme of love in this book was a huge bore and in the end meant nothing to the overall story. The only important things in this book were the answer to the mystery of Voldemort and the loss of an important character. Otherwise, this book is no good. Half-Blood Prince is my least favorite of the series.<br/>Zachary B. Medina<br/>Author of Decador
 This book was fantastic.  The twists and turns will keep you reading.  I love how this book brought the other books together to create a complete collection of Harry's and Voldermort's life.  We even got to witnees the child/adulthood of  Voldermort.  The ending will shock the pants off of you. I can't wait till the seventh book comes out!!  :)
 I brought Harry Potter and Half Blood Prince from London and I started reading it today and I love it a lot so far I can't wait in tell Globet of Fire cames out in the movie theatres. I own 6 of Harry Potter books and 3 of the Harry Potter movies. The book is so good. I think that Daniel Radcliffe that plays Harry is so cute I can't wait to go and see him again in the Globet of Fire in the movies to go and see him on the big screen. When ever Harry Potter movies cames in the movie theatres I go and see the movie like 3 or 4 times.
 Here we are, in the sixth year of Hogwarts, and upon opening to the first page we expect great new adventures, the answers to previous questions and hints to what will happen in the seventh installment.  AND, upon reaching the halfway point what do we get?  300 hundred pages of snogging and mindless babble.  Why, you ask?  Beats me.  The book starts interestingly enough, though why Fudge was removed from office is unknown.  The reason why this book should simply be ignores are as follows:<br/><br/>-  The old characters that you've come to know in the previous five books (four, actually, because Harry changed in the fifth).  Harry has become self centered, mean, and not himself.  Hermione has become a brainless and jealous fool.  Ron hasn't changed though.  Ginny, oh yes, Ginny.  Suddenly she's the most popular girl in school with boys trailing beihing her in the hallways... along with Harry and the raging beast inside him (so corny!).  Apparently, Cho is forgotten and Harry is moving on to Ginny.  Her character is enough to shut the book and throw it in the trash.  She's so bratty and uncaring.<br/><br/>On another side, the book has no plot whatsoever.  It seems like just a patchwork of different stories put in one book.  There is no action at all.  All Harry does is goes into Dumbledore's memories to find about Voldemort.  What JKR told in 500 pages, could have been done in one chapter.  And beside the horcruxes, you don't learn anything new (unless you count Harry going out with Ginny new and exciting).<br/><br/>Honestly, I think JKR began to lose her touch after she wrote book three (read the book, it's better than the movie).  The fourth one was interesting, the fifth one dissapointing with the death of Sirius, and the sixth one... well, we won't mention the sixth one.<br/><br/>It would appear that JKR is now intent on killing off the characters that are closer to Harry. (Huh, wonder if it's JKR who is the Voldemort here, not Tom Riddle...ever thought of that?).  Poor Harry.  I wouldn't be surprised if everyone is going to die in the seventh book except voldemort or both of them are going to cast a spell that will destroy the entire world and everything in it...<br/><br/>Anyway, skip the book and go read something more interesting.<br/><br/>Suggestions: Artemis Foul series- quite funny<br/><br/>  Shadowmancer and Wormwood- dark and great<br/><br/>  Wizard of Earthsea- very interesting<br/><br/>  and the list goes on...<br/><br/>The one star that it gets is only for the 1/2 blood prince, but even that was predictable.
 Ending was a lot to handle. Doesn't even matter how long the books are this is just a Great series!
 Epic!!!!!
 The most amazing series ever!<br/>BOOKS RULE!!!
 Harry Potter series is the best! All the books are good.
 This book was pretty much just what I was expecting.  J.K. Rowling keeps surprising me with how well she portrays Harry as a teenager, guess that goes to show that mothers know how their children act and can accurately describe it to others.  Good Job J.K. Rowling for another excellent book!
 Best of the 6 so far. Looking forward to the 7th.
 i love how this book is made exelent work. a good concept and a good story 4 stars. keep up white your good wirk.
 I've read the first six books and now I'm starting the seventh. It has been an amazing experience following Harry, Hermione, and Ron through there adventures.<br/><br/>If you are a fiction book reader, the Harry Potter series is a great series for you!
 Good book.
 While this book may not have as much action as previous books, it is still worth reading.  All the low-star reviewers are basing there reviews on other Harry Potter books; even the worst Harry Potter book (which this is not) should deserve at least 4 stars!  I am also inclined to point out the suggested reading age for this book (according to amazon); 9-12.  Rowling has included many topics that kids of this age would not fully appreciate.
 The book is really good, but not as fast-paced as the other ones. It sets everything up for the final book.
 It's a thrilling story which tells you a lot about the background of the actors. It also deals with philosophical matters in an easy way to understand them - for instance the coincidence between Harry and Voldemort and the final difference - the ability to love.<br/><br/>The language is something in between british and american english for this you learn to understand both ways. It's a very good language and increases the pool of your vocabulary.
 Was JK rowling under the Imperious curse when she wrote this book? The entire thing was just very boring and tedious, and what was with all the sudden relationships? I mean come one. Could they stop making out for one minute and take a breather and get to some actual story and character development. The beginning of the book was probably the best because it started out with a nice flow, unlike previous books from the series. And near the end of the book, something happens that will most likely make you say, "What the heck did she just do?". I think many people will be disapointed with this book, but im sure there will be a lot who will absolutely love it and say its the best one yet. This book was just highly disappointing and Rowling better get cured of that Imperius curse and right a book that closes this series with a bang.
 I am one of those people who call themselfs muggles instead of a human being. I know everything there is to know about harry potter so of course when the 6th book came out i was right there at midnight buying the book. I read it nonstop untill four in the morning when i finished. I LOVED IT!!!! The book was so vivid and detailed. The only thing about it i didnt like was that there was no feasts or normal school activities. Thats ok though the rest of the book more than made up for it!!!!
 Love these books
 I thought that J.K. Rowlings sixth edition of the Harry Potter series was absolutely amazing. It is so deep and dark and we find out so much stuff that we didn't know. It is great to see all the characters mature. When I first got this book and started reading it I couldn't put it down until I was finished. All of Rowling's other books are just as good but Half Blood Prince is outstanding. We find out so much new things in this book such as what Harry got on his O.W.L.s also we find out so much more about Voldemort. And to top it all off we find out who the new minister of magic is. Sadly there is more death like the other books. This book is definetly worth buying and reading.
 Very well written. This is the darkest book of the series it is true. You can see where it will end but the trip there is well worth it. The death of a well-loved character is a shock - I think it can be understood why it is important for the final conflict- as the story progresses. I can't wait for Book 7.
 There is many twists and turns from the pensieve to the explosive finale this book os fantastic from beginning to end. I cant wait for the final book.
 Book 4 in the series still remains my favorite but this books certainly gave it a run for it's money. For me book 5 was a bit of a let down. It was a necessary book for the series and i still thought it was very good... but it was too different. The characters personalities were different than they were in past books. All in all next to book 4 this is the best. So basically this gets the second place trophy.
 Another outstanding entry in the series, with a very interesting story and a shattering climax. It's sets up one doozy of a final book.
 There are no words to truly express the feelings that passed through me in reading this. The lives of the characters that we have grown to love are now in danger. Some are dead and the rest have began a sort of decomposition in await of the final battle. It has only just begun.
 LOVE Harry Potter books. This one will give you a good upper arm workout but well worth it. Can't go wrong with Harry Potter. Just great writing and can't wait to see what happens next.
 J.K. Rowlings has obviously written for a mature audience and no longer for that child that the Philosopher's Stone was written for.<br/><br/>She has peppered this sixth volume: THE HALF BLOOD PRINCE, with more clues towards the final solution then Santa has toys in his toybag or the Easter Bunny has eggs in his basket.<br/><br/>Believe me when I say that DUMBLEDORE is alive and well.  If you did not understand that by the end of the book something is wrong with your reasoning abilities.<br/><br/>Harry has become the ultimate psychological bait that will entice Voltimort out of hiding.  Now that Voltimort believes that Dumbledore is dead and Snape is  his fair-haired wonderboy he has nothing to fear.  Snape had to be the ultimate villain in Harry eyes because of the mental contact Harry has with his arch foe.  If Harry believes it Vortimort would and Snape would have a free hand in his spying mission.<br/><br/>But Dumbledore will obviously be ever watchful over Harry, most likely in a disguised as a new found friend, now that he is 17 and is no longer protected by his mother's sister's blood.<br/><br/>Yes, this next volume will be interesting to say the least. But it will not be until the end of that volume before my analysis is proved correct by Dumbledore or a letter left by him.<br/><br/>J.K. your clues could have been a bit more difficult.<br/><br/>It just seems to me to be a bit of a leap to believe that by happenstance Harry is allowed to taken Potions classes when he normally would not have been allowed to do so and which he brought no books for.  Then to find the one book "forgotten or planted by Snape for Harry to find" that would teach him dark arts he would not have learn otherwise is a bit of a stretch.  Anyone that owns books does not allow them to be just left for anyone to pick up and take off with.  J.K. your slip is showing.  So Snape left it deliberately.<br/><br/>The moment Snape cures Draco of his mortal injury the reader is blatantly informed that Snape is the Half Blood Prince.  Actually as soon as Harry read the name the Half Blood Prince as the onwer of the obscured book Snape was the most likely candidate because it was his classroom after all.  Who else would know what was in that classroom but the Potions Master himself and especially one who was a Dark Arts Teacher.<br/><br/>Throughout the book Harry is being led around by the proverbial nose - because he is the bait.  Voltimort has to be informed "via mental contact with Harry" that his history is being found out and that Harry knows about it.  It is something that Voltimort is ashamed of.  The images from Harry's mind would be images from his own past.  Just as Snape saw images when he was suppose to teach Harry the art". It would infuriate Voltimort to endure this humiliation.  An enemy enraged is an easier enemy to defeat.<br/><br/>Dumbledore would have reasoned that since (in Book Five) Voltimor got Harry to the Ministry of Magic by stealth why not take a page out of Voltimort book and make Voltimort a believer in false facts peppered with true accounts of his own history?  There is no more convincing lie then one lodged deeply in a bed of truth.<br/><br/>If you think that Snape killed Dumbledore consider this.  Dumbledore has Harry in a mental grip-lock where Harry can not move.  Why not drop that grip on Harry and put it around Malfoy?  You see where the clue are.  Why does Snape lift Dumbledore and toss him off balcony?  Actually after killing him it would have been pure idiocy to mutilate the body or dead shell of the person.  Was it so that the other 'death eaters' would not spitefully attack the body after Snape left the room.  And/or is it because Dumbledore had to do something that no one else should know about??  Was it to hide the origin chain found in the cave?  Or is the new chain that Harry found on the body of Dumbledore a Horcrox that hold the spirit of Dumbledore?  One does not have to kill someone to obtain immortality or create a horcrox.<br/><br/>Writing this 12/21/2013 long after writing the above review.  I must say I was wrong: Snape did kill Dumbledore; however, I was intuitively right insofar as I knew that Dumbledore had to explain in some manner all of the unrevealed activities throughout the series.  In fact Dumbledore does return at the end of the Seventh Book to do just that.
 I would give this a straight up five stars because we are finally told the backstory of Tom Riddle. That is pretty much it.
 I liked it a lot. It kept me on the edge of my seat and was extremely entertaining. The ending was quite depressing, though. I cried a ton when I read it. But other than that, it was amazing!
 Loved it! Best one of the series IMHO. It has action, drama, happiness and sadness. Just wonderful.
 Harry potter books are a thrill to read. they bring you an adventure and makes you want to read more.
 if you've read the first five books you should know that the series is one of the best of all time. Extremely addictive, count on a couple of sleepless nights
 I enjoyed the book, to a certain point, but past that point I felt that it went downhill.  I'm a big fan of J.K.Rowling and other than her second book, The Chamber of Secrets, have been a Harry Potter groupie.  But I felt that this book ended in a bit of an anti climax.  The death at the end seemed needless and a bit of a shock considering their previous participation in the books.  Though it wasn't so unexpected by the time you reached it as it was set up well earlier on in the book.<br/><br/>I look forward to the next one as a finish to the series that I have loved, but hope that I enjoy it more than this one.
 I have just spent the last eight hours reading Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. J.K. Rowling is, without a doubt in my mind, a genius. This is literature at is finest. No other book has brought me to tears like this one has. I spent the last forty pages crying uncontrollably. I found myself yelling out loud, hooting with laughter, shaking my fist in the air, all sorts of reactions that other books never bring out. Please read this as soon as you can; I guarantee it will make you a better person.
 Absolutely loved it!
 JK Rowling's latest tome satisfies this reviewer since it reacts to and deals with its nepotistically spawned other genres.  Like a mirror looking in on itself, the book responds to overwhelming dissatisfaction with the new Dumbledoor character in the movies since the unfortunate demise of Sir Richard Harris, may he rest in peace.<br/><br/>Thankfully movie goers will only have to deal with several more quasi-Dumbledoor characters before the whole thing can be put to bed.<br/><br/>As for Snape, its unfortuate that he and not Malfoy or perhaps even the evil one himself does the deed. Clearly this is an oversight on Rowlings part.  One cannot simply turn to the dark side, then be a good teacher before turning back again.  If anything, the last book should have solidified Snape's connection with rightous wizards. Why she has chosen to take this tack is beyond me.<br/><br/>We all must read it none the less.
 The best i say of the series but very sad even though Harry goes to search for the rest of the horcruxes with Ron and Hermione great book
 Fun edition to the story
 I think I may have liked it better if I hadn't taken so long to finish it.  After I started reading the book again it was okay.
 I am a teacher and have absolutely loved all of the other books. I was very disappointed with this one.  I felt that too many questions were left blatantly unanswered.  This author doesn't need a ploy like this to get us to read her books!<br/><br/>Why would a great wizard like Dumbledore blindly trust someone like Snape?  The readers deserve to know the answer to that question at least.  It was very unsatisfying to me.  I'm sure I am well in the minority.  I just expected more of her.
 It's Harry Potter... I mean, what else do you need to know?
 One of the best of the series, all of which are good
 The best book so far!
 *****Spoiler Alert*****<br/><br/>J.K. Rowling should never have given away that Snape was actually on Voldemort's side because then the readers expect that Snape is going to do something awful and Malfoy had already become a Death Eater. Why not make it a surprise that Snape is evil? The reader knows more than the characters and that makes the book much more predictable. You could pretty much guess that Dumbledore would be killed by Snape because Malfoy would never have enough guts to do it. (He was actually crying to Moaning Myrtle because he thought he was going to be killed by Voldemort!) Everyone already knew that Dumbledore would have to die because he's the "only wizard Voldemort ever feared." Anyways, since we know about the prophecy, Dumbledore would never be able to kill Voldemort anyways. So, I think the second chapter ruined the whole book and took away the twist that always happens at the end of Harry Potter books. Without this chapter, I would probably like the book a whole lot better.
 I've read all the books so far and they just keep getting bigger and better.  Don't miss it.  Harry Potter is a very good "real" character. He has problems like a real young adult. J.K.Rowling is a very good author. Highly recommend this book to any Harry Potter fan.
 4th time reading it even at my age I love all of the wish she were writing more
 This is THE BEST harry potter book ever, if u think it's depressing suck it up. I read this and was amazed. I lOVED IT. I know people can have their opinions, but this book at least deserves a 3 minimum. Yes Dumbeldore does end up to be loosing his power and things. BUT LOOK HOW OLD HE IS. Sooner or later an old dog gets tired. He fights bravely and deeply cared for Harry. The onyl thing boring is the 1st chapter. Those who tell what happens at the end, yall are very rude. Some people might not want to kno the end and wasnt to actually READ it. Jk Rowling is like such a great author and i admire her conmendmirable imagination and creativity. This is her greatest book yet I STRONGLY recommend reading this, unless you havent read any of them, then i suggest u at least pick up #1 and go on down the line.
 Fantastic!
 Well written, humorous and genuine.  Gets back to the character development while still moving the plot along.<br/><br/>Don't want to give any of the plot away, but it does not disappoint.<br/><br/>Can't wait for the 7th book!
 Love love LOVE the series!!!
 Just wanted to say the book was absolutely splendid. It was my favorite out of all 5 books previous, considerably better than book 5. Anyway, this isn't a real review, but just to catch your attention, at the end of book 6, you see the initials R.A.B at the end of a written letter. (This is not a spoiler, it will not detract from your reading experience, so don't worry.) I am nearly positive, that the initials R.A.B stand for Regalus Black, Sirius's brother. I am not sure what his miiddle initial is but I am nearly positive that is who wrote the letter.
 BEST BOOK IN THE SERIES
 First of all, I am disappointed that there is only one more book to be written of Harry Potter.  My wife and I are big fans and have become addicted.  But I guess all good things come to an end.  I do wish there was more in this book but it was well written to leave us wanting more.  I guess that is the idea.  I waited to 3:30am to get the book.  Will I do it again...hmmmmm... yep I will.  Do I recommend it, I tell everyone wait till the last book comes out then buy all at once because it can drive you insane waiting for the next to come out.  J.K., good job and if anyone deserves the "rags to riches" story, it is you.<br/><br/>Dan
 Enjoyable even for an adult who mainly reads non-fiction.
 I'm annoyed!  I love the Harry Potter series, but this book was a little disappointing.  At least Harry, in this book, loses most of the dark sinister streak we saw increasing in previous books.  However, with it, we seem to lose Harry's depth of emotion.  There are some truly heart-wrenching scenes in this book that I feel we are missed out on Harry experiencing.<br/><br/>Of course, we're all now hanging desperately on the edge of our seats for the final installment.  I, for one, will probably not read The Half Blood Prince again though, until just before the next release, which is highly unusual for me!  I guess at least we have the next movie coming out between now and then!  A small consolation, I concede.
 This was an truly spellbinding book.  I recommend it to anyone who has a good sense of adventure and passion for fiction.  If you liked any of the previous volumes by J.K. Rowling then you're sure to like this one.  J.K. Rowling does an excellent job of bringing the wizarding world to life through the use of your own imagination.
 Prelude for an epilogue...this is how I would describe this book.  Perhaps, some people found it dull and boring; to those people I must say that this is a series, one thing connects to another and I think this was that part of the story where everything made sense and where a few new enigmas were born.  As for me, this was a book of revelations and light in order to clearly understand whatever is going to happen to the boy who lived.<br/><br/>Bottomline is: "this is a book that will make you understand most of the "untold" things in the series".
 Let me preface this by saying that I have never been one to pre-order books or go to stores at midnight to obtain my copy. I don't really get caught up in all the hoopla, even though I was looking forward to the next installment of HP. However, once I started reading, I couldn't put the book down, and finished it in just two days! I loved this story! It was the best one yet. Unlike the 4th and 5th books, which were too long and had some sections that I found boring and unneccessary, I found all the elements completely captivating and I couldn't wait to discover the secrets. What an entertaining and thoroughly satisfying read!
 Great book!
 Has Rowling lost her touch ? Or is she trying to evolve into a dark fantasy writer for adults ? I used to like Harry Potter for its delightful simplicity yet complex wondrous magical world building. It used to be a joy to read Harry's and company's adventures. But somehow from Book 5 onwards, Harry Potter no longer delivers. Book 6 has deteriorated further. Just do not understand the popularity of this series. For those of you who are still a child at heart I recommend the following instead, coming of age books featuring child protagonists which are notches above Rowling's writings, - "In the Castle of the Flynns", "The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time", the darker "Boy's Life", Fantasy/Sci-fi "Finity's End", "Tripoint", "Rider at the Gate", "Cloud's Rider", "Balance of Trade", "Ender's Game", "Warchild" and even the horror "IT".
 I love the harry potter books series. The books or great.The six in the series was classic J.K.Rowling all the way ! but the last chapter left me MAD and in TEARS!The rest of the book kept me on the eadge of my chair an i could'nt wait to turn to the next page to see what happens next. A final warring be ready for a huge emotional SURPRISE at the end. You will be shock and amazine.
 Don't get me wrong,  still enjoyed it but it is DEFINITELY not something I would spend hours waiting in a queue for...<br/><br/>Whats happening to Harry Potter? I loved the fourth book, it was my favourite but I've been disappointed with the fifth and sixth books, it seems to be going downhill from there. Maybe because the same predictable thing happens every book, again and again and again. Someone dies AGAIN, Harry is devastated, defeats whoever he is supposed to defeat, then leaves the school.<br/><br/>Kind of disappointing, not something I'd recommend, but I guess thats a matter of perspective. Most enjoy it, some don't, I kind of range in the middle...<br/><br/>Hopefully it'll get better when the seventh book comes out...
 This is Harry Potter book 6, and I all the other books. This is just as great as all the others.
 Again, a well written, engaging book.  I bought this for my nieces and nephews and out of 3 books there were 2 cover to cover readings!  The loss of a loved character prompted some good talks about the nature of loss and life in general.
 Oh my god! This is the bomb! OH MY GOD! THIS IS TOO COOL. WOW! AWESOME BOOK! MUCH TO COOL.
 Such a dark start to the end of the Harry Potter books, so happy and bittersweet at the same time, now on to 7
 Good closure to all story lines.
 Great book! I have never devoured a book so fast in my life. Couldn't wait to read each page. For all ages. I'm already reading the last book.
 Never thought I would enjoy reading books about wizardry, but I love reading the Harry Potter books. They are all great!
 Enjoyed this book as much as I how enjoyed all of them? J.K. Rowling has written a series that young &amp; old can enjoy!
 The book was awesome, closed a lot of loopholes and gaps; however I wished the book was a bit longer and went into more detail...however it was an awesome read none the less.
 Fanastic
 love it. provided a lot more info than the movie, and some of the plot was different, definitely in a good way
 I loved this book. Honestly when i first started reading it wasn't grabbing my attention like the others did, but once i hit the middle and end of this book, i just could not put it down. What an amazing ending. Even though i guessed he would die, it just hit me very hard. Esp. how snape betrayed him. (...) Great book, cannot wait for the 7th and final book!
 Half-blood prince seems to be a book I have been expecting for a long time.  It doesn't really break much new ground and follows the same introduction.  J.K. seems to be trying to explain so much through talking and talking, which makes it really boring sometimes.  There's not much of a surprise for the bad guys and actually no surprise at all.  I could say I would find my 7 hours of this book not attractive at ALL if there had not been the ending.  It really had an emotional impact, yet NO big surprises.  NOT as perfect as the Prizoner of Azkaban or The Order of the Phoenix, but still a great experience for Harry Potter fans.
 He's not dead! Snape is not a bad dude either! You'll see.<br/><br/>Overall an entertaining book. Not sure where Harry's love interest sprung from though! I liked the idea of the 7 horcuxes but i am a little surprised we only find out that he has to find and destroy all of them with only one year left of school, especially since he has his dreaded NEWTs to study for!<br/><br/>Liked the mystery behind the half blood too.<br/><br/>On the whole very entertaining. Looking forward to the next one
 First book I put on my kindle paperwhite. It started the new reading experience off in the right direction!
 Such a touching story. Suggested for 13 and more. Sad, but obviously very creative. HP IS AWESOME! DEAL WITH IT!
 I made that rating because I love all of the books, though this one is of my favorites. And plus I read this book over and over and it never got tiresome.
 I absolutely love these books. I have read them like 15 times each. And will continue to read them. Always
 As usual I simply could not put the book down!  Rowling's depth into the past of Voldemort was genius and interesting.  Harry's new discoveries and growth in this book can only keep us on the edge of our seats begging for the next book to come out.  I loved this book, but Prisoner of Azkaban is still my favorite.  And although the last three chapters of Half Blood Prince left me crying and devestated, I loved the story and am just as anxious for the final book as I was for this one.
 Just finished the last book. As some reviews rightly pointed this book needed serious editing. Lot of snogging and very little actual stuff. And please the journey to the cave and the BOAT!! it felt like I am watching some very old contrived horror movie and drinking unknown stuff and dumbledore going crazy and finally dying. I was so confused and so thoroughly disappointed by the plot twist that it was unbelievable. And Snape killing dumbledore its pretty obvious there will be some serious twists in the next novel very obvious. Harry falling in love with Ginny! and yes the very spidermannish finish Yuk, its nice to have some light stuff in an otherwise bleak novel but this was just too much. Jealousy snogging and parties felt very little magical mostly haphazard. Still looking forward to the last book something like the Matrix started out really strong right now I feel as if I watched the second movie.
 The Charms of Drinking?<br/><br/>There's a lot of drinking going on here, suddenly, for some reason. I've never noticed it before in the previous books. Right from the very beginning, adult and underage drinking is going on, and probably over a dozen different kinds of cocktails are quaffed by midway through the book. Nobody seems to notice or comment about it. It becomes clear that Professor Trelawney has a drinking problem, wafting fumes of sherry and obviously inebriated. Nobody seems to care about that either. I do.<br/><br/>Perhaps there is no 12-Step program for wizards? Even the kids go bar-hopping in Diagon Alley one cold grey day to get cheered up. We learn that butterbeer apparently does have some kind of mind-altering effect after all.  Now that the kids are pubescent, Rowling must handle a lot while they try to handle each other - and now the 6th year students are getting invitations to the adults' little parties, where liquor is part of the culture. Many kids reading this have alcoholic parents and relatives, not a fun thing. What's the message here? My concern is that the issues of drugs and alcohol are not being addressed appropriately, and in fact, appear to be normalized: "Everybody drinks; everyone takes a little something". Harry even pretends to illicitly slip a substance into a friend's pumpkin juice.<br/><br/>As a mental health clinician, I know first-hand that children currently are drinking alcohol and using drugs -- both obtained mainly from their parents' stash -- more and more, younger and younger. The author has a unique and great responsibility because of the nature and age of her greatest majority of readers who are children.
 I was surprised by the ending, saddened, and left totally amazed.  This is a great book that continues the tradition.  I got it at midnight, read it immediately, and slept away the rest of today.  Totally worth it!  -Syd Salsman (daughter)
 This was one of the best books I've ever read, I can't wait to read the next one, Harry Potter is a magical phenomenon, because very rarely are books this good.
 So many unexpected turns. I loved it when I read it as a teen and I love it as an adult. You can't go wrong with Harry Potter!
 I would have give it 5 stars, but because I really dislike how the book ended so........yeah.......I'd actually cry . You'll find out who is the Half Blood PRINCE!. Expect the worst when you come across toward the end, I still can't believe _________ died. It had ruined my day, my week, my summer, and my next school year. AHHHHHHHHH!!!!  There were some puppy-loves going throught out more than the rest of the siries, which was very cute and very annoying. Hope you enjoy the book.
 Harry Potter books are the best. This book I LOVED so much I couldn't stop reading it and when I finished I read it again
 This book is amazing. People should judge a book for what it simply is and this book, is really good.
 Very good....intense.
 So much more insight in this book than what is in the movies. So much more detail and background information that was never put into the movie. Makes some things add up quicker. Again, should have read the books first.
 So great!
 Reading the other reviews and reflecting on what I thought of the book leads me to think of a summer movie blockbuster.  There are those that go for the storyline and others that go for the special effects.  I'm a storyline person.  I think other readers like myself that gave this book a 5 star rating enjoyed the plot and character development.
 I have read the entire series a few times and seen the movies many more. Not my favorite book in the series but definitely an emotional one.
 Another great book in the series
 Was a really good page turner. To detail the review would deprive you of the fun of finding out for yourself.
 Favorite book
 This book has some twits and turns but I think this was the best one yet. I think anybody who likes harry potter will enjoy this one most
 The Harry Potter books are the best and this one just keeps raising the bar of awesomeness.
 These books are well written for any age reader. I'm 64 and found the series totally enjoyable.
 Just fantastic
 This is the fourth time I've read this book, but the first it was so light! The kindle makes reading such a wonderful, but hard to tote book, easy as a house elf disapperates. ;)
 AN AMAZING BOOK!!!!!!!! CAN'T WAIT TO READ THE LAST ONE!!! HARRY POTTER GINNY SHOULD STAY TOGETHER!!! THIS BOOK IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE HARRY POTTER BOOKS!!!!!
 I love this book great for a family and is a spectacular experience reading it. I should know I've read it seven times!😍
 Absolutely amazing. J.K. Rowling is phenomenal in her work. This is around the 6th time I've read the series, and I'm sure I will continue to re-read them periodically as time go's on.
 It was the best out of all the Harry Potter books in my opinion. This one did have a lot of romance in it.
 Absolutely intense reading. The journey that HARRY and Dumbledore take is beyond magical. It's a special bond for life. I would definitely recommend this book to anyone with an imagination.
 The best series ever and always and forever and will always be at the top of my chart. Never stop believing! :)  ;)   :-{)  Harry Potter=infinite awesomeness!
 This is an awesome book. The movie does not do it any justice.
 Brilliant!! I was laughing, crying, &amp; left in total suspense!<br/><br/>I thought for sure when J.K. Rowling said someone would die it wouldn't be one of the major, major characters!! I am utterly shocked!! She has set up the final book so well, I am sure it will be nothing less than amazing.<br/><br/>Yet again, I am left wanting more...<br/><br/>My only advice, refresh your memory with The Chamber of Secrets there was a lot of ties with that particular book. Also, get a box of tissues. Lastly, wait till book seven comes out... if you thought the suspense after the others was bad... you have no idea.<br/><br/>Great job, Rowling!
 I enjoyed this book more than Order of the Phoenix.  It was more believable.  Like Order, this is not a book for young children.<br/><br/>While I did not find much that was unexpected.  Some expectations were finally fulfilled in many ways.  We see the true Snape, Ron &amp; Hermione.<br/><br/>I'm looking forward to the battle that must be waged in the final book.
 The excitement in the bookstore where I went to buy the book was palpable. But by the end of the day when i finished the book, there was a strange eeriness that surrounded me. Unlike the other books, Half blood Prince has an extreme emotional tag. When Dumbledore implores to Snape, you still feel that a miracle might happen. But without remorse, a twitch in his eye, Snape kills him. In that one page, Rowling showed u how ruthless the villains are, how devoid they are of emotions. It jolts us into reality that the situation in the magical world has indeed become dangerous.<br/><br/>The Half Blood Prince is a book that sees maturing of relationships- be it the love affairs that keep popping up or even the one between Harry and Dumbledore. Snape describes Harry as a normal boy with more talented friends and that is how many of us must have felt before. But in this book Harry goes through a metamorphosis. He emerges as the sole protagnist on whom rests the responsibility to restore peace, now that Dumbledore is no more. Yes he does have a love affair, but more than that he emerges as a stronger personality. The scenes where he squabbles with the Minister of Magic, show that the young boy has indeed grown.<br/><br/>One of the few things that I disliked about the book is the way Dumbledore's character has been treated. He had no dignity even in death. I was left wishing that if only he had put up a worthy fight. We just saw a weakened old man who made wrong judgments about people. The greatest wizard of all times should have been given more dignity. Also the fact that the Half Blood Prince was superb in potions was a total giveaway.<br/><br/>However Rowling's talent at catapulting the reader to a fantastic jigsaw puzzle diminishes all these glitches. Every single detail that happened in all the previous books is explained. To think that it was one brain that imagined all these intricate details is phenomenal.<br/><br/>I think that a competition that should be organised worldwide is to find factual or any kind of co-relating errors in all the books... And the winner would definitely be J K Rowling.... as she always is.
 If you haven't read this book you need to read it.  This is one of the best books I have ever read.
 I was riveted by the prior books. fresh and creative , surprising.<br/><br/>This one felt formulaic and at times so predictable and needed some good editing.<br/><br/>I know it must be hard to keep the intensity up when success is pressuring you but, JK, let us  wait for your inspiration rather than  be bored, and disappointed!<br/><br/>It was quite sad that Albus Dumblesore presumably dies but the book needed to give his death more meaning or hint at it having more meaning.<br/><br/>It appeared senseless and from a story point of view a bit desperate. is the story falling apart? what's the real point here?  Harry's character is becoming a bit thin and flat as well, a bit of a cartoon . Still and all this was a decent summer read and I couldn't put it down until I knew the ending.
 I absolutely loved Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, as I have loved all the Harry Potter books. The way J.K.Rowling has put these books together is just marvelous. I'm just sorry that there won't be anymore of them.
 Love the series!!  I wish she would do more like it!
 This is the best of the series yet. The characters have grown up and are maturing. Can't wait to read number 7
 Even the third time reading this book I still found it suspenseful.
 Love the series....  Read this book three times and learn something new each reading.  Would love to see a series of before Harry's parents ultimate death and a series of Harry's life after Hogwarts.
 Another great book by J.K. Rowling!
 At first I was not as exited as I should be when I got the book. It had seemed to me that the sixth book had been confusing and not as good as the previous ones.<br/><br/>However, this book was amazing! Though it was a little slow for a while, the plot remained interesting and intriguing. The final chapter, though, had me on the edge of my seat. As I finished, I was mentally apologizing to Rowling for ever doubting her abilities. IF YOU HAVEN'T BOUGHT THIS BOOK FOR SOME REASON, DO IT NOW!! LIFE IS MEANINGLESS UNTIL YOU'VE READ IT!!!!
 As described, fast shipping!
 These books are great!
 They just keep getting better. I can't seem to put any of the books from the series down, this book I would say is one of self perseverance for Harry Potter compared to all the others after Dumbledore's death. Can't wait for the last book.
 As the title suggests, it's a good book. I thought Rowling went a bit astray in the 5th book, but this book makes up for it. Nicely written, definitive plot, twists, turns whatever you expect from a harry potter book. My few complaints are, as some other reviewer suggested, some mature content unsuitable for children as well as the way harry potter reacts to the "death". Reminded me nastily of the 5th book again. So, in conclusion, Great Book, Great Reading, for the author, next time, less snogging would help a lot!
 Awesome
 Such a good book, the additional information you get from the book is so interesting, and really adds all the puzzle pieces you were missing from the movies! I think each book had gotten better and better! On to #7!
 Time and time again I read these books and always shed a tear at the end...
 ....Ordered on a Friday afternoon....had it by Monday afternoon.  Also ordered the Order of the Phoenix book/same source/same time. Wanted to read it before I saw the movie.... Both books new large paperbacks and in excellent shape...each separately wrapped with paper so they wouldn't rub, and sent the same day I ordered them, and the price was the same as  one I had spotted in a used book store...only this one was brand new.
 Not originally one of my favorites but it is now. I like that the story getting darker and the background of Voldemort more complete.
 Personally, I thought that the lastest Harry Potter installment was filler. It had no real plot, but it more or less leads readers right into the seventh and final book. Some parts were good, but others seemed really predictable, although the final scene with Snape and Dumbledore did shock me. The one part of the book I really enjoyed was at the very end. It did show that Harry was mature, and was ready for his final meeting with Voldermort, again, leading us right into the final book. This wasn't my favorite Harry Potter book, but I'm sure Rowling had her reasons for this adequate addition.
 Wonderfully written, and definitely one of the darkest books in the series yet. It was difficult to handle the loss at the end, but JK Rowling handled the death beautifully.
 It was great story I couldn't put the book down.
 harry learns a lot of new information about Voldemort's past and about the future between them. Too much is concentrated on Harry's personal life while the story should be progressing towards the end of the series. If it is true that there are only going to be 7 books, this book doesn't cover nearly enough information as it should. The final book would need to be over 1000 pages if Harry is to accomplich everything needed before his final battle with Voldemort. Don't expect much out of this book, it is the most boring of the series and the few "suprises" in this book are fairly obvious.
 Excellent!
 This is a great book!
 Love all the Potters! This one is great and has so many climatic twist! Bit sad. Love it!
 My 10 year old has enjoyed me reading the series to him. Its been a great book to discuss the differences between the movies and original printed stories, helping him to see the beauty of reading.
 A truly enchanting book, no matter how many times you read it. 10/10 would recommend, and also read again.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is the divergence point for Harry Potter. It's where the story goes wrong and JKR ends up wandering off, trying to create a story over which she had long since lost control. She turns Hermione Jane Granger - champion of underdogs and defender of Harry Potter and remakes her into Hermione Jean Granger - uber-twit and lover of all things Weasley. It's really sad and the whole story devolves down into an increasing circle of implausible decisions on Hermione's part and then on Harry's part - owing to the fact that he no longer has a strong, smart girl to stand by his side.<br/><br/>Don't bother to read these last two works. They're claptrap at best and a soul-crushing disappointment at worst.
 My Grandchildren told me all about the Harry Potter series after they finished the third book.  I bought all the books that had been printed at that time, and read them one after the other.  I could hardley wait for the next book to be printed.  We all enjoyed the Harry Potter and the Half-Blood prince.  I know I will have to wait a whole year for the next book, but it will be difficult.  I also bought the audio books on tape to listen to while I knit.
 Great book, just extremely sad about the ending.
 by far the best harry potter book yet. in restrosepct you can see rowlings dropping hint in other books to what will happen here. things that seemed obscure or only relevant for past books pop up again. things are interconnected through and through. shocking was the death that happened and ever more shocking was the person comitting the murder. we leave our hero finally ready to do what must be done but is he ready. please dont make us wait for book 7
 The lastest story from J.K. Rowling was both marvelous and an absolute pleasure to read!  I never once put it down to eat or sleep!  In fact, I finished it in less than twenty-four hours and wished more than anything that the seventh book was already out.  The story itself is a devestating one.  My cheeks were soaked by the end!  I swear, I've never cried more except for when Sirius died.  You won't expect this ending.  Not in a million years.
 I bought the book as a birthday gift for my daughter. She wanted to complete her set of Harry Potter books and she was surprised and very satisfied with her gift.
 The best by far.
 This is an awesome book. I chose five stars because it is AWESOME. I absolutely love this book though it isn't what I thought it would be.
 I have enjoyed all the Harry Potter books.  They were all hard to put down, but this one is the best by far.  From the first paragraph I was hooked.  There were no slow parts.  I was so intent on reading that I had reached the end without knowing it.  Come on now, we can't wait as long for the next one.  Terrific book.
 This is the best one yet. Very exciting, nice misdirection...I don't want to say anything too specific, don't want to spoil it for those who haven't yet finished it!<br/><br/>One criticism though. On page 10, Rowling misuses the word 'site' . The word should be 'sight' This is very annoying. I'm very tired of idiots who sign my guestbook and say 'great sight' instead of 'great site'...<br/><br/>The author, and the publisher (some idiot editor  let this get by them) should take out large ads in all major newspapers to correct this, so that several  million kids don't think this is a correct usage.
 ttttvvbhhfdffcvhg hjttyujh yvbjtf gbuyy nghjhbj hb jbnb bbvb k nhvvfgh hbvbhg gvvhh gvh gbgv gnhv hbjjn qazsw sagcggv gvb gvhf gvhy gfcgy fcfgvv fan h
 On the edge of my seat the entire time!
 Good read
 This one is my 3rd favorite of the seven Harry Potter books. They are all excellent.
 Fantastic Book!
 Very quick shipping, thought I ordered a hard copy but received a soft cover, not a big deal. Product has no marks or torn pages, excellent condition. I am on book 4 right now can't wait to get to 7.
 I have read all the Harry Potter books but overall this one is my favorite. There is a lot more drama (seeing as Harry, Ron and Hermione are all growing up). There is romance for Harry, Hermione and Ron. We also find out an awful secret about Snape. However I was suprised at how J.K. chose to end book 6. The wizarding world seems to be falling apart. I am not going to give away any clues to what happens to those of you who have not read the book yet. You will have to read it to find out! I give this book 5 stars because it rocks!!
 I couldn't put it down!  I can't wait to listen to the book on CD, I have all but the sixth!
 Awesome book!
 Harry and Company appear more mature, yet still believable as teenagers. We find our more about Tom Riddle and about how he and Harry shared so many of the same experiences as small children, yet they could not be more different in the choices they make. It is a wonderful read. I had to pace myself not to finish it too quickly. Highly recommended. Some of the subject matter may be too strong for younger children.
 I would recommend this to all kids in third grade to eighth grade. It is captivating And full of interesting plot.
 Harry Potter takes you through an incredible journey! You grow up with the characters, feel their joy, their heartache, their fierceness. It is truly an amazing series.
 This is the best book by far and the end was epic cannot wait till the last book and hope it ends fantastically
 i loved the book, i love all the books but this one was not the best.  IT didnt make you want to turn the page as much as 1-5 did.  it was interesting at times, but just basic.  The ending, i did not agree with.  how could you kill dumbledore! how can you expect harry to kill the bad guy with so little knowledge and experience! if he does kill him, it will be full of luck and unraelistic.  Snape was played at no suprise.  You would think that snape would be good despite all the hatred toward but no, he ends up killing dumbledore! who was just lying weak and defenseless. the locket and R.A.B. was definitely a play to want to buy the next book, i dont really see what will happen.  harry killing the bad guy? we will see what happens but i dont see how it would be full of any suprises.  killing dumbledore was a BIG mistake.  harry winning would be unrealistic and him dying would make all 7 books pointless. we will see waht happens next year when the book wil FINALLY come out cuz it takes so long!
 Awesome
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince may possibly be the best of all six Harry Potter books. However, it's gritty ending saddened me so much I find it hard to love the novel, as musch as I should. But it must be said the Mrs. Rowling once again demonstrates her ability to transport her reader into the world of Harry Potter; her sharply defined prose and strictly british dialect finally lends itself to an amazing novel that isn't afraid to show the angsty delight and gritty evil of being sixteen.<br/><br/>Bravo...Bravo!
 Once again, JK has baffled the reader's mind. Not only does this installment of the HP Series magnificently create and environment filled with suspense and other mixed emotions, HP &amp; HBP proves that JK is writing more than just a fairy tale in which all goes well, as the tone of the novel is dark and dreary, and, as expected when informed by JK herself that such an event would occur, a tragic death plagues the characters of Hogwarts. A must read!
 WHo is that? What happened inb this book. I'd like to say that almost happened but not really.. J.K. Rowling is a good writer. And this series has become very popular and it seems as though all the fans are waiting. What is happen next?! J.K Rowlings style of writing hasn't changed. She keeps the text fresh and real. This keeps us into the story and holds us till the end. She adds gossip and alittle drama to keep the book moving. I guess killing characters off seems to be a new addition to the books that changes the flow of the book and where it is headed.
 First I must say:  Parents read this before your young (10-11 and under) children.  I was a complete mess at the end of the book when we lose a "major" character.  But, I'm not telling who it is.  I wasn't expecting something this devestating until the 7th book.<br/><br/>As for the half-blood prince, I made several guesses, all of them wrong until about 3/4 of the way through.  I've also been racking my brain to figure out who "RAB" is.... NO CLUE!  I can't wait two more years for the next installment, since it took me less than 24 hours to read.
 I am a HUGE Harry Potter fan.  Yet I was sadly, sadly disappointed with the latest installment, "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince".  I made the mistake of reading the chapter titles before I read the book - and they gave away the HUGE "secret" looming at the end of the book.  I knew what was to take place before it even happened.  Without giving away too much, there is such a monumentally HUGE event at the end of the book that - had it been written as well as previous books - should have had the reader in tears, surrounded by empty Kleenex boxes and wads of used tissues.  However, when I reached this pivotal point in the book, I was so disappointed with it as a whole, that this event didn't phase me as it should have.  To me, the purpose of this book seems to do nothing more than to usher in the premise of the 7th and final book in this series - something that could have been done just as effectively in a one- or two-chapter prologue at the beginning of Book 7.  I can only hope that the final book is a redeeming point for JK Rowling...sadly, this was the most unimpressive book in the series.
 First, let me say I am a great fan of this excellent series, and I bow to JK Rowling for her inventive mind, wonderful characters, and the utterly beguiling world she has created.<br/><br/>But.<br/><br/>The pressure is on, in this penultimate installment, to earn what this series truly deserves: a spot on the "Immortals" shelf in children's literature. Alas, in the Half Blood Prince at least, we only get a very good, but badly written, romp.<br/><br/>In spite of several lovely devices (Horcruxes, Hagrid's brother, Tonks, Luna, the Muggle Prime Minister)and deeply emotional plot developments, this book is far too short and far too scattershot in its approach. JK introduces lovely bits that catch our attention but never develop as they should, rushes through important events, leaving out critical depth, character development and detail; worse, the novel is diminished throughout by heavy handed deus ex machina plotting.<br/><br/>JK Rowling has always been a gifted but inexperienced writer, something that really only became a problem in The Order of the Phoenix. In The Half Blood Prince it's a big problem, as her imaginative reach outstrips her artistic grasp. I suspect that giving her more time to write her final book, and more sessions with a talented editor would do much to lift these books into the very special realm they deserve to inhabit.<br/><br/>JK, publishers, if you are listening, please give the final installment the attention it deserves.
 probably my favorite Harry Potter book. I read it in a day
 This woman is an amazing writer!!
 Love all the Harry potter books. They never let me down no matter how many times I have read them.
 I really enjoyed how it gave us more information about Lord Voldemort. Definitely kept me turning pages wondering what was going to happen. I just wish the movie would've followed the book more closely.
 Sit down relax cause this book will make you think is it true is he the half blood Prince! One of the best Harry potter books there!
 I absolutely love this book. It is incredible. I read it the first time and thought it was good, but the second time was amazing. I am really looking forward to the movie!!!!!!!!!!!!
 It severly lacked any magic. It had all the earmarks of a book that the publisher demanded to be published now. Entirely lacking in suspense or mystery. Too many big words for kids too.
 Awesome book. I recommend to everyone! Definitely not a disappointment! Rowling follows her amazing style and has written a book that leaves the reader wondering what will follow!
 ive been waiting for this book since i finished the order of the pheonix.just like i thought it was great.the beginning was a little slow but it gradually got better.im only 11 and i finished it on monday(4 days it took me to finish).it was real sad at the end when a tragic death happens.it was an awesome book but it shouldve been longer.i cant wait for the 7th book
 Best book in the series in my opinion
 I was so angry at first about the events in this book. But the more I thought and read I realized JK has us right where she wants us! I love wondering what is REALLY what and trying to decipher her well hidden clues. My only gripe is that I feel this book is half of a whole...part one of a two parter...and that being the case it is very frustrating to have to wait so very long for part 2...last book or not!
 Still an awesome read.... Can read over and over
 Great book had a lot of good magic sad to. Really liked the end . An amazing book in Rowling wrote
 Loved it, can't wait to finish the series. I'm going to get the next one right now and read it.
 I guess I was not the only person so `desperate' that I actually read one of these internet hoaxes about a year ago. And though it mainly redigested and repeated Rowling's inventions without creating anything new, the added romance between Hermione and Harry was, well, interesting. Now I have to remind me that this &gt;&gt;was&lt;&lt; it, the sixth book for real, and there is no chance to iron its mistakes out. I mean, even if Snape had his fingers crossed when swearing, the unforgivable curses can't be called that for nothing... I missed a real good story behind the half-blood prince (and why did JKR first distract me with a 50 years old potions book when ***** is about 36?). Or a story behind Malfoy's surprising new sympathy for the headmaster. And I much missed a good fight with the Inferi that were announced so very early in the book -- or do you call that appearance on 1 1/2 pages a fight? Remember how horrible these fights with dementors were in books 3 and 5? Of a hundred million or so readers of these books, surely someone can write a conclusion to the series that takes more interest in its plot and characters than this one (please do!). I at least shall go looking for good internet hoaxes again soon.
 Like many other Potter fans I waited and waited for this book to come out and eagerly ripped into it as soon as I got it. Of course all fans have to read it. Don't let any review spoil your enjoyment! (Hey- I refused to read a review before reading the book.) And, there is more than enough in here to satisfy most fans since all our favourite characters are back (at least for a couple of sentences).<br/><br/>But, truth be told, the book isn't the best of the bunch and as Rowling set up for the next book I realized why. The next book is set for a quest (a clear problem that needs to be solved).  The next book is set for a fight between Voldemort and Harry.  The next book is set for the three friends to work together and risk life and limb and show true courage.  None of those things really happen in HP and the Half-Blood Prince. The next book is even going to give us a new setting that will allow for new info about the wizarding world!<br/><br/>What I've always loved most about the books is the way in which an ordinary boy discovers that he is extraordinary.  He has special talents, powers, gifts. It's exciting to learn these things and as a reader I want Harry to be special!  But in this book what is meant to make him special is his ability to love. Sadly, this is where the book really fails because for a book about love, the emotion is surprisingly absent.  There is no development of emotion and no real interaction between characters that shows us love.<br/><br/>This book also slides into poor writing at times - movie scene writing. (I wondered if Rowling isn't getting a bit bored of Harry.  Certainly the info about Tom Riddle was much more interesting.) If I wasn't so sure that the next book is set up to have an excellent plot I'd be very worried that Rowling is losing her magical touch. However, one plus for the more simplistic writing is that it may be easier for children to read it.<br/><br/>This book has to be read so that you're up to speed on what's happening. And in any case, it's still fun to read about Harry. But I'll bet you dollars to donuts the next book will be much, much better. (Fingers crossed.)
 I am abysmally disappointed. I had expected another completely amazing, yet impossible adventure on the part of Harry that would render me amazed and craving for more. Instead, I was bored and slightly disgusted.<br/><br/>I feel that Rowling's work has been declining ever since book 4. This is the worst of them yet. The romance with Ginny is appalling (particularly when the "monster" was described). Another was Harry's queer obsession with Malfoy. More than both combined is Snape and Dumbledore. To those who have yet to read the book, you must find out for yourselves. I am not going to be the one to spoil it but it was absolutely shocking and altogether rather abrupt.<br/><br/>Rowling should have incorporated more of this in her previous books, making her entire series seem a bit less random and not as completely unorganized.<br/><br/>I believe that the author is in too much of a hurry to finish her series. She should slow down. I miss her amazing works in books 1 to 4.<br/><br/>Quite frankly, I don't know what to expect for the finale. For now, I'm not hoping for much.
 Just when you think she really couldn't do it again - she did! J.K. Rowling brings the characters and situations vividly to life, and draws us in to this magical world she created. For the duration of the reading of this well-written book, we live with Harry and his friends at Hogwarts and are thrilled to be a part of their world. She ends the book on a sombre note, and leaves us gasping for the next episode!
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince was everything I expected and more.  J.K Rowling out does herself yet again with this fascinating work of literature. This book will not disappoint you but will excite you for the last installment of the exciting adventures of Harry, Ron, and Hermione. However, be prepared with a box of tissues for the last five chapters!!!  I think I balled for about an hour!!  Enjoy.
 This series is THE classic of our times.  I have read and re-read the entire series more times than I can count and still want more!
 This is a super good book as so all the other Harry potter books and I can not wait to read more
 To keep is short and sweet... I loved it!  I think Rowling has done a fantastic job of aging her characters and endowing them with all the bittersweet longings and frustrations of the typical teenager.  I didn't see the end coming and cannot wait to see how it all plays out in book 7.
 This is the third time that I have read the series it just draws to u in quickly great writing.
 Another great title by Ms. Rowling. Here Harry finds out more about his weird connection with Voldemort, Death Eaters get more and more in the open and the Ministry of Magic finally start moving forward... or not?<br/><br/>Also Harry's love life gets a tweak for the best!<br/><br/>Enjoy.
 Loved the book, it's great to follow along with Harry as he moves toward adulthood.  As each year passes, it becomes more apparent that he is facing this struggle more or less alone-  truly echoing the reality that all of us face.  This book was evenly paced and more easily followed then some of the previous books.  Keep in mind, as Harry gets older, the suitability of his target audience has aged as well.
 Rowling continues to work her magic!! Hogwarts is still great and getting darker and darker by the minute!! The author continues to amaze me by doing "a plot within a plot within a plot" over an over agai. If you are a Potter fan (like Myself) you'll enjoy every single word written in this amazing book.
 This book was descriptive and so careful with detail I lived it and I loved it! My favorite of the books so far!!!
 I honestly didn't sleep much the night I started reading this book. It was a quick read, but most enjoyable- I barely put it down! J.K. continues to amaze me with her talent of sucking me into this fantasy world she created, so believable you find yourself still absorbed in the magic of hogwarts well after you finish reading. I can't wait for the seventh!
 So much thought goes into the detail of fitting everything together. I love how the developing of relationships keeps th  story from being so dark.
 The Harry Potter series has been a big hit in our house! Captivating an has held my 4th and 2nd grade girls attention. We are all hooked!
 Really good and at the end really sad, so good hope you will enjoy it ,not really that bad of a book
 Love love love! Best so far!
 So much happens in this book!  There is action from the very first chapter and is very hard to put down.  So many twists and turns.  If you haven't read the series, watch the movies first--but definately read them.  I say watch the movies first because once you read them, they will make the movies seem dull and much is left out.  Buy this book!
 Plot revealed, so take note if you do not want to understand the ending.<br/><br/>Read carefully where Dumbledore is "killed" by Snape, several times and you will note that:<br/><br/>(1) Dumbledore mentions prominently that he can have Malfroy "killed" so as to keep Voldemort from finding him.<br/><br/>(2) Snape goes to great lengths to prove to Potter that he can cast spells without speaking the words.<br/><br/>(3)Yet, when Snape "kills" Dumbledore, he goes to extremes to speak a spell and Dumbledore conveniently falls over the castle wall.<br/><br/>(4)No one ever verifies Dumbledore's death - it seems to be assumed, and no one ever really sees his body at his funeral.<br/><br/>Speculation - That Snape is indeed a double-agent spying on Voldemort, and that he "kills" Dumbledore to engraciate himself with Voldemort while Dumbledore, now seemingly dead, can secretely continue his efforts to find the remaining portions of Voldemort's soul without anyone searching for him.<br/><br/>Of course, Dumbledore must be annouced dead and killed by Snape for all this to work.  So the plot for the final book will be Dumbledore and Snape each going after Voldemort secretly, Potter none the wiser until the appropriate moment(s)- one would be a face-off between Snape and Potter.
 The hype of entertainment releases has long set up excited fans for a disappointing let-down.  i.e. Star Wars Episode 1 : The Phantom Menace and the finale of Sienfeld.  Unfortunately for the millions of Harry Potter followers, the Half-Blood Prince is no exception.  The book oversaw unbelievable changes in characters, shoddy plot-lines, and once finished one can only wonder what possessed J.K. to give the "Half-Blood Prince" the title of Harry's sixth year at Hogwarts.  After finishing the book in a little over 6 hours I found myself staring back at $22 dollars worth of fan fiction that I could have read for free on the internet.  The situations seemed less realistic, relationships that have "shipper" followings were introduced heavily, and the beginning of the book was dull and bland ceasing to truly capture the readers attention.  The ending was so predictable that all believe it would never happen, especially with one more book left to complete the series.  Warning to all fans who have not picked up their copy : If the death of Sirius Black in The Order of the Phoenix disturbed you I suggest you stray from the Harry Potter series all together for nothing but heartache lies ahead.
 Loved this book
 These aren't the droids you're looking for.
 it was a life changing experience
 Good book
 I think it's kind of boring at the 1/3 of the book but it really Shaped up. It kind of seemed like it was prepping for the next book a little. Read to end.
 It's great quality.  And it has a little bit of padding on the back
 Great read.....but disappointed at Dumbledore's death. Looking forward to the last book.  I have read these books already, but can't remember the ending!
 It  was very dark.
 Bravo! This book was by far the best one yet. I just wish I would have known that I needed to remember everything from the other books. This one has a nice continuum and give you insight in the live of the caraters. The only thing I regret is the Rowling has started this new trend in kill main caratheres and Harry is going to and up along in the world at some point. What for?<br/>If you remember details for all of the other books, please keep reading and if you are like me, well keep reading, it will come back to you at some point.
 As all the Harry Potter books are, it is absolutely amazing, wonderfully written, and reflects the importance of friendship and love. I have reread the series because it is so awesome (and I usually don't reread).
 Loved it
 So I have a very short analysis, simply to say that this is by far the best book in the series so far. The characters gain more depth, the plot thickens, and it is far better than it's predecessor of the fifth book. It follows in the steps of the fourth in terms of absolute electricity and unexpected twists, although if you read carefully you can predict certain incidents before they occur. I absolutely loved it. Ms. Rowling, you are my hero.<br/><br/>R
 Compared to the other HP books, this one doesn't match up. It's too long and nothing interesting really happens. Rowling makes it a page turner by having the reader expect something interesting to happen, but nothing does. There is no central story line as in the previous books. It all just flows with suspense that isn't satisfying at the end. The important information that we are given could easily be summarized in the final book, and then end the whole series... enough with dragging out the same storyline and get rin of Voldemort already!<br/><br/>Don't waste your money. Borrow it from the library if you really must read it.
 Although I did enjoy this book, I thought that it would be better.  I don't know exactly what I was expecting, but after what I though was a pretty bad 5th book, i figured the 6th one would be out of this world.  It didn't really do it for me.  But I'm still looking forward to the 7th and final book in the series.
 Love the characters. Doesn't matter how many time I've read it, always pulls me in. This book is the most shocking of the series.
 It was hard to put the book down, I really enjoyed the story and look forward to reading the last volume.
 This is my favorite Harry Potter book yet. It explains so much, and we learn many new things about Voldemort's past, as well as the lives of the other characters. The plot moves quickly and does not slow down like the fifth book, and manages to show the ways in which the characters are changing without straying from the magic of Harry Potter. I couldn't put it down. The end sets us up perfectly for book seven- i don't know how the world is going to wait!
 Still great even after the 4th time reading it.
 Sometimes I wonder how on earth someone has as much imagination as JK Rowling! She came up with this entire world in her head. This book was no exception to her creative and imaginative way to writing. I loved it, but then again, I loved all the Harry Potter books. The ending, though, surprised me a bit. It's kind of sad to think that this is almost the last book.
 I must agree with another reviewer of this book on this site: In the next book the gloves are off. I have enjoyed all the books in the series. But The Half-Blood Prince is a very emotional novel. My whole family spoke on "well I guess the next book is the last". But the end of HBP leaves a great openness. I finished the novel with a sad heart and wondering 'what really is going to happen next'???
 Best book ever! It's a great part of the Harry Potter series an  I absolutely loved it. I definitely recommend reading this book and this whole series, beginning to end!
 Awesome.
 The latest installment of Harry Potter fizzled like a fractured wand.<br/><br/>In books 1 through 4, I found myself anxiously wanting to turn the page....because it was a good read.  With books 5 and 6....I was impatiently waiting for anything to happen...page after page after page.<br/><br/>It's still Harry Potter...so don't go all weepy.  For all you 'tweens there is a bit of romance.<br/><br/>All in all, it's getting muddy and layered and tired in spots.  There is no "WOW" factor.  Just a dull..."oh".<br/><br/>Better luck next time JK.
 Ms. Rowling does a wonderful job as a storyteller. What makes it better--at least to me--is how the stories become more complex, opening up the conversation for discussions about how much control we do and don't have over our own lives.  Really wonderful opportunity to have conversations not only with children you may know and love--but anyone.
 NO, OMG NO!!!<br/><br/>I HATED THIS BOOK! WHY DID DUMBLEDORE HAVE TO DIE? Although, maybe it'll be a good thing cuz then Harry will be on his own in the last book. Also, maybe Dumbledore isn't really dead! Cuz Harry survived the curse so how couldn't Dumbledore? He's one of the most powerful wizards! HOW COULD HE HAVE DIED THAT DOES NOT MAKE ANY SENSE!!!!!
 My favorite book in the series so far!
 I must say this was by far more darker than the other books BUT I did find it somewhat predictable in parts However it is HP and I will sit on the edge of my seat awaiting book 7 !!
 Learn about Voldemort's Past, why he can't be killed and who is really on which side...<br/><br/>Why does Dumbledore turn up at the Dursley's in Summer?<br/><br/>Why has Tonk's Patronus changed?<br/><br/>Who really likes who?<br/><br/>Who is the Half-Blood Prince?<br/><br/>Why is Malfoy acting so strange?<br/><br/>Why is Borgin influenced by him?<br/><br/>And, who betrayed Dumbledore?
 As good as it was the first time I read it. Gripping as always and I can't wait to share the story with my kids for the first time.
 My favorite of the later Harry Potter books. Harry isn't as whiny as he was in the Order of the Phoenix and the central mystery kept me hooked.
 Great book to continue the building excitement in the Harry . Potter series!  There is always something unexpected to follow! Can't wait for the last book.
 This is a sad and scary book. It made me want to keep on reading. I hope you read this amazing book! (read the other ones first though)
 The book pulls you in from the start and doesn't let up. It's just amazing to be able to have the Harry Potter series from J.K. Rowling.
 J. K. Rowling continues her excellent writing in this series. But I would not recommend Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince for children under 12 or those who are emotionally immature.  The story crosses threshholds that deal with subjects that could give younger readers nightmares, or cause emotional distress to youngsters who have suffered personal loss.  It is an action-packed, suspense-filled, but deeply emotional book that requires a more highly developed ability to distinguish between fiction and fantasy than any of its predecessors.
 This was a purchase for my daughter, we both have all the printed versions of all the books as well as all the CD's. I love the books but Jim Dale's reading makes the story come allive. Harry is my favorite (I am 65 years old and my daughter is 44)and I can't wait for the last book and the rest of the DVD's to be released.<br/><br/>Thank you<br/><br/>Edie Faylor
 I have the whole series. I can hardly wait for the next generation...
 I found the 5th book to be unnecessarily long and boring, so I was glad to see that Rowling has added the necessary twists and fluid narration, without sacrificing the length of the novel. I didn't think that any of the moments of this novel were "fluffed" or forced as I felt they occassionally were in Order of Pheonix. The first half of the novel was as gripping as the second (something that I felt lacked in Order of Pheonix)<br/><br/>This novel had me hooked from the start. It was an enthralling read that kept me guessing until the end! The only disappointment I faced was when I turned page 607 and realized I had reached the end of the novel! :P
 It was very engrossing and excellently written; good story line and believable characters. All in all, I can see why this series of books sold so many copies and were turned into movies.
 Another fantastic installment for the best book series of our time. Already been read three times through!
 First time I feel asleep second time I loved it. Just give it another shot if your not impressed. There's a reason so many people are obsessed, and plus side, you've come this far.
 This is the most amazing book I have ever read in my life! If you get a chance to read the Harry Potter series READ IT!😀
 Great, kept your interest, loved the reader, able to recognize the characters by change in voice.  Lover her books.
 I have really enjoyed the other books in this series but would have to say this one is the weakest.  It seems to go a route that detracts from the previous stories.  I think the reason it does, is to match the increasing maturity of the characters.  But it doesn't seem to follow smoothly enough from the rest of the series.<br/><br/>Overall, a very good read, but I hope the final book returns to its original state of magic.
 I could not wait until this book was released.  Once again I am impressed.  I was happy, angry, sad, and scared all throughout this book.  The children of Hogwarts are really coming of age.  They are discovering teenage love and it is a thrill.  Harry learns more of his destiny and finds in the end what he is destined to do.  I am once again eagerly awaiting the next book.  It was really a page turner.  I would have finished it in 2 days tops if I didn't have an 18 month old running around.  But I still finished in a record time of 5 days while reading after his bedtime.
 I loved this book and the whole series, you definitely get into the book and it makes you not want to put it down.
 Rowling has once again captured my heart with the latest installment of Harry's adventures. The characters are so well-rounded, and the plot so intricately woven, that it's easy to step over the threshold of ink and paper into that magical world that everyone knows so well. All in all, the book has matured even further, which is especially convenient for the children that are reading the books as they grow, too. I recommend buying it from the nearest book store and taking the day off.
 I enjoyed the read much more than the previous book. It was nice to see Harry in a respected role again. Can't wait for the next one.
 Loved it ❤️❤️❤️
 The saga continues!
 It was a brilliant book and I loved it, Everyone should read this entire series.
 It was the first time for me to try listening library, but it was great!! I enjoyed listening very much.  The very last two<br/><br/>cassettes made me keep listening to it all through.  Although I have to say it was a lttle boring in the middle chapters,it started to be very exciting after Harry started to have Dumbledore's private lessesns.
 Love love love Harry Potter
 I can't get enough!
 I love this book.  I'm a little sad it is almost the end of the series!<br/><br/>This is a really interesting book!
 This book might be my favorite of the series. It's got everything in it action, love, and sadness.<br/>I liked that the half blood prince could of been many people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have read some of the reviews on here and I am astounded to see that some people did not enjoy it. Rowling is at her best with this one. I have read it three times and am starting it for the fourth sometime next week. It is absolutely the BEST Harry Potter book yet. To say that it was predictable, too dark, bland, etc. is, in my opinion, an ignorant statement.
 I thought this book went well with the series.  I do not feel that this is the best book in the series, as I liked Prisoner and Pheonix the most so far.  However it does make its place in the scheme of the series. I could not put the book down until I was finished.  Even then I wanted more.  I feel that the book could have been a little more in debth on some issues, but I still enjoyed it.  When I finished the book I was looking for more to it, it definately makes you want book 7 to see the end result.
 This book read fairly easily, but was a low note in the Harry Potter series.<br/>I liked the other book's plots much better, but hopefully all the "setting up" for the last book has been done and the next one will be great!
 All I have to say is Very upsetting to me and a little cool. Dumbledore peace be upon him and Hogwarts
 I finished the book in two days!!  This book was much diffrent then the others.  The only thing she didn't put in was the Halloween Feast.  I couldn't believe who the Prince was!!  The end was sad but I will not ruin it for anyone who hasn't finished it yet!!  A lot in this book surprised me.
 Best one in the series so far... Can't wait to start The Deathly Hallows!
 I wasted my whole day on the book, and i must say it was really worth it. I do admit that a certain part was dropped, but still i liked this book a lot, possibly more than all the previous ones. The story is much more mature, and harry has all types of things going on around him...the story is so packed and so enjoyable to read.
 Her writing is as magical as the story. I can't stop reading. I recommend her books. You will enjoy them.
 I love this series and one of my favorite aspects of it is that the characters and storyline mature as series progresses.  This latest gives us a lot of character background and has me eager for the next book.  There was not as much action in this installment but honestly, I could have kept reading for another 600 pages, particularly if we could have had more interaction between Snape, Draco, and Harry.
 Fantastic
 Well, I'm a die-hard Rowling fan, I'll tell you. And the other books recieve my full marks. This one, though...I can't say I found it as compelling as the rest. 'Twas very good, don't get me wrong, but this one seemed to lack that certain...something that J.K. always seems to spritz her stories with, that magic that just consumes you and makes you dearly wish to just jump into the book. I enjoyed it, as any Harry Potter fan would, but I have to say that this was not my favorite among the series. (Nevertheless, I am eagerly awaiting the next one).
 Love the Harry Potter books
 Well, I found this book ok, or something like that. Compared to book 5, this was amazing, but compared to some of the other books in the series, this was, in my mind, below average rating.<br/><br/>The characters:<br/><br/>The characters are nice, but plain. They are goo or bad. This book doesn't capture the picture of balance. No real person is just good or bad. Everyone is a bit of each, both. In that way, the characters need a bit of development. They're still ok, don't get me wrong, but I hope that in the next book there will be some balance there.<br/><br/>The story line:<br/><br/>The beginning of this is confusing, and brings in too many new characters who seem to have no reason to be in this book. Near the middle the story starts growing. I liked that, but was disappointed when things went downhill rather than continuing uphill near the end. For one thing, Dumbledore dies, and that just doesn't seem right. Also, the story comes to a stand-still. All the previous books have taken place at Hogwarts, but now it seems that it's not going to in the next book. And the story ends at a time when it doesn't fit.<br/><br/>The ending:<br/><br/>The ending of this book doesn't fit the story or the timing. At the end of the book I look for some suspense that makes me want the next book. I didn't find this here. Also, I expect the ending to hold a bridge between the past and the future, showing continuation. This book showed everything changing in the future. I didn't like that. The ending here didn't match the past either. I definitely did not find what I was looking for in the ending of this book.<br/><br/>Overall:<br/><br/>I would not recommend this book. I rated it two stars for a reason. It was way better than book five, but worse than the others. So no, I would not recommend this book.
 this was a great book but i cried when dumbledore died i canot belive that Ginny after the mach v.s. reavenclaw
 this book is so freaking awsome. i waited years for it and i finished in 30 hours and i cant wait til the next one. like all the other books it just grabs you and pulls you in the story but in this one it felt a little fast and to the point. i would have thought it to be longer that the the 5th but in fact its about 250 pages shorter which is kinda depressing at first but when you finish the book you realize its not the size of the book that really matters. for the die hard fans the ending is just unbeliveable, i still just cant accept it.
 I love Harry Potter. Such an easy, entertaining read.
 I hate the ending. It was so sad. The rest of the book is good though. I can not wait to read the 7th one!
 Wow!  I am stupefied!  That is all I can say.  So many questions have been answered but so many more have now arisen.  I am going to read it again and again.  Don't want to ruin anything for anyone but be prepared to cry.
 Not the best in the Harry Potter trilogy, but easily not the worst. It is very actiony and very fun to read. I had trouble putting the book down. It makes you want to read the next one even more! Good Job Rolling :)
 The Half Blood Prince continues the great series and sets readers up for the conclusion of the series in book 7.
 The book is very good, but it is sad to realize there is only one remaining in the series!  I cannot imagine anyone who has read the 5 previous books to stop now, so reviews are really not necessary.  My family of four waited in our office for our 4 volumes that were pre-ordered, and they arrived at 2:10 p.m. via USPS.  Two of us have finished the book, and the conversations about what we think make for a wonderful family occasion.  KStieg
 Great book. I don't know what the point of making me write a review is. Five more words, it wants.
 Without giving too much away, I believe Harry Potter 6 will satisfy the curious. It answers questions we've all had about the similarities between Harry's past &amp; Tom Riddle's past. It furthers the development of personal relationships and, for once, answers questions about the recurring evil that is Voldemort.<br/><br/>Please don't be alarmed if, halfway through the book, you're feeling un-satisifed on the drama or turn of events - it goes to a place most unexpected and surprising. I suggest - to anyone who's never read the HP series...wait until Book 7 arrives - then start from the beginning. You won't have had to wait as long as us for the conclusion.<br/><br/>Enjoy.
 My favorite HP book!
 Well, I find the book a step up. Or as Emeril would say "kicked up a notch". It's still entertaining, but with more adult subjects and reflects the growth of the parties involved. The addition of emotional conflicts along with the reality of death all around, helps more adults to stay with this fantastic series.  It works for me.
 amazing.
 Almost gave it a 4 star... but gave it a 5!
 Love the book as well as the rest of the series. She is a great author! So sorry it has to end after the next book!
 I love this book. It is sad, but it is a great and mysterious read. Out of all the books, this is my favorite.
 The Harry Potter series gets darker. The Half-blood Prince will keep you on the edge of your seat saying "wait, no way" the whole time.
 I bought this book, 3 copies, for my kids.  They read it for fun, not as something to dissect for English.  That said, my youngest (age 11) feels that it must have received some very heavy handed editing, perhaps with a view to an eventual movie script. My fourteen year old maintains it's the funniest yet, especially with respect to teen interaction.  Enjoy it for what it is!
 Don't make the mistake of reading this book first! Start with book one and this one will knock your socks off. It is amazingly well-written for a "children's novel," the story is seductive at the very least, and Mrs. Rowling writes emotions better than anyone out there right now.<br/><br/>THIS IS A MUST-READ series!
 Harry Potter and the half blood prince is amazing as always! J.k. Rowling never fails to make me smile, laugh, and cry.
 As always a pleasure to read. The plot thickens, we are enlightened and yet further intrigued. It was worth waiting for. I certainly hope that the next installment will be as entertaining. I am fairly certain that J. K. Rowling will not be able to stop at the suggested seven books but will have to continue with Harry's adventures as well as writing other novels. Looking forward to both.
 The first two chapters, we will begin, seem like one epic introduction after the other, and do not belong in the same book. As the series reaches its end, readers are expecting more, but this book does not deliver. This book is a *bridge* between The Order of the Phoenix and the next book, and not a stand-alone novel. It is used purely as a means to set the plot for the last book, and it shows obvious marks of neglect. The characters are underused, even wasted in some respects, and the end is entirely rushed and ruins the first part. Ms. Rowling is verbacious and redundant while avoiding any sense of progression in the bulk of the chapters. There are long prologues in each chapter before we arrive at the core, and, in comparison to past books, that is both unwelcomed and annoying. It begins almost, almost promising, but then it becomes obvious that this book was not written with Rowling's heart in it at all.<br/><br/>The summary for this book is all that is needed, and that is a very sad fact in the line of Harry Potter books -- which once had a magic of their own to them.
 I loved this book. It was different than the first five books but it was a great book.
 The most widely anticipated book of all time was released just after the stroke of midnight, when it was "officially" July 16, 2005. Was it worth all the hype? Second in a line of several hundred at my local bookstore to receive a copy of HARRY POTTER &amp; THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE, I started reading and didn't stop until, sometime after dawn (and 652 pages later) I was finally finished.<br/><br/>It was terrific. The preceding book, Order of the Phoenix, though good, suffered from a sluggish plot and Harry Potter's own unlikable personality. Although THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE clocks in at "only" 652 pages (more than 200 pages less than OotP), both of the aforementioned problems are remedied. Without giving away any of the plot of the new book, it is sufficient to say that it is packed from start to finish, and that the last 150 pages or so move the plot farther than the previous couple books combined! Harry himself is also once again a hero worth rooting for.<br/><br/>The HALF-BLOOD PRINCE is also the most well-written book of the series. Rowling's trademark humor and knack for description are present, as always. However the story now includes treatments of more mature subjects, ranging from the light (teen relationships, love) to the more sober (psychological terror, graphic violence, and death). While the HARRY POTTER series remains a "children's series", it is quite clear that Rowling is no longer really writing for the little ones.<br/><br/>After two years of waiting, I'm finally finished with the sixth book and feel at a loss (and not just because of the unsettling ending). Of course, I'm already biting my nails in impatience to read the seventh book. Yet there's the regret that comes with realizing there's only one more left(!), and then this cultural phenomenon will have passed us by.<br/><br/>What a ride it's been.<br/><br/>-- HARRY POTTER &amp; THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE (5/5 stars) - RECOMMENDED!
 Another great book in the Harry Potter series...  The Loss of one of the Main charcters was a shocker but proved to be the corect thing to do as it helped Drive Harry in the 7th book. True harry Potter Fans need not to read my review justify buying this
 I closed Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince with the feeling of having read a particularly good piece of fanfiction. It's interesting, but it just doesn't measure up to the other five. The writing style has gone downhill, the plot is predictable. the death at the end does not have the emotional effect on Harry, or me, that it should. The one storyline in this book I enjoyed is that of discovering who the Half-Blood Prince is. That plotline is well developed and suspenseful, and the discovery is shocking. I only wish the rest of the book was as well written.
 Rowling does it again. Great read. Can't wait to wrap up the series...or maybe I can. I don't want it to end.
 This book once again shows J.K. Rowling's amazing ability to blow your mind with the Harry Potter series! I just finished reading it and not only did she tie in so many things from previous books to start bringing the whole good vs. evil battle together, but she has me absolutely PUMPED for the 7th and final edition!!!
 Great read.
 Most people (and me among them) regard "prisoner of azkaban" to be rowling's best in the series.  After it i would call "goblet of fire" my second favourite.  but after that they've been going down.  OotP was way too long.  not that the actually length of the novel bothered me.  only the fact that the writing seems to drag and be rather pointless.  It could have done withoutmuch of the last 200 pages.  But this book (6) has nothing of any prior potter book.<br/><br/>my biggest quarrels with it are thus:<br/><br/> 1)harry potter himself is more of an obnoxious prick than usual.  rather than the moody teenager of OotP he has become...plain and simply a bore. he seemly has forgotten Sirius entirely.  many of us reader should find that hard to believe (hell its been 2 years and i'm not over his death, yet it takes harry a few weeks...?).  As well harry seems to be doing little of anything interesting.  i read a review on BBC.com that stated that Draco would have made a better main character.  i quite agree.  he's actually showing sign of going through hell and he's dealing with all sorts of adult problems he's never faced before.  meanwhile Mr. Potter is in love with Ginny having trouble fittingin at school.  poor little baby..<br/><br/>2)my next issue is with rowling herself.  this novel and in particular the "relationships" parts , sounds hanisly similar to Potter Fan Fiction.  its childish at best.  that might be the editors fault though.  since these are childrens books Rowling most refrain from such taboo topics as real lust.  so we're made to believe that all 16 year olds think about it pecks on the cheek and hald holding. please.  i am 16!  and trust me, that's who we were in elemenary school.  well maybe rowling's setting her story in the 1950s and hasn't informed us yet...<br/><br/>3) far too predictable! everyone who doesn't yet know who the half blood prince is won't be in for a shock.  let me give you a hint.  of the five or so people who potentially are it HE is one of the tops on this list.  think someone we know who's into potions.  it isn't hard.  oh, and what about that MAJOR DEATH? Well there are 2 characters who it will really hurt harry to lose. so i'm just guessing , it won't be Snape.  i've decided not to spoil anything here.  but really its spoiled before you read. all it takes is a person with half a brain to see where its all headed.  oh and as for who kills the major character. well this one has been hinted at since Book 1, so just use your heads people!<br/><br/>Now i'm am finished with my harsh critism.  as far as pros...there are a few moments of amusing humour.  the whole "looking into Voldemorts's past" thing is really cool. but all in all this book seems like filler leading to the 7th.  we've still gotta wait a few years now to see if this story can improve.  but i've got a feeling it'll be another oh-so-clever good vs. evil star wars style bullsh#t ending with all the  static evils guys dead at the hands of the equally static "good " guys.  how wonder ful.  more unbelievable crap to shove down our throats...enjoy!
 I liked it because I really like fantasy books and it has a lot of made-up words.<br/>MRM,<br/>age 8
 Though jk rowlings writing has lost a bit of its quality, the book,none the less tells a story that only a genius in creativity could have imagined.
 Awesome as usual.
 This was the best book so far. Out of all the books, this is the<br/>Best because of all the action, the romance and everything was just great.
 JK . Rowling has done it again!  Only this time we are left with a cliffhanger of a story.  This book had me enthralled from beginning to end and I could not read it fast enough.  Rowlings continues to weave a beautiful web around her main character leaving us wanting more.  Her characters explode on the page and you appreciate each of them, naughty or nice.  A definite must read!
 this is one of the better stories in the Harry potter series. its thrilling and fun to read... i def recommend reading this one... but before that u have to read the ones before... looking forward to the next one... but look like a looooooooong wait...:(
 Its cool<br/>I like it<br/>Everyone<br/>By Josiah David Coronado<br/>By Josiah David Coronado<br/>By Josiah David Coronado done yay
 Snape killed Dumbledore!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<br/><br/>Snape is half blood prince!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<br/><br/>My first reaction was merriment because I was unlucky/lucky enough to stumble over the spoilers in the last chapters while only skimming to know whether Snape were still alive or not. It was an accident that I randomly chose the page which spoiled it all! Yes, randomly!! It was on p.594 (no, not 394; ) "'Well ... yes,' said Hermione. 'So ... I was sort of right Snape must have been proud of being "half a Prince", you see?"<br/><br/>I was ecstatic Snape would be the Half-Blood Prince and that I was right about guessing the Adult cover edition represented his Potions manual.  And then I caught what was slightly above that sentence: "called Tobias Snape, and then later an announcement saying that she'd given birth to a - ' '- a murderer,' spat Harry. Talk about a cold shower!!  From that moment, I couldn't keep myself from skimming the pages furiously in search of the one Snape apparently killed until I read these words p. 574 "'Snape killed Dumbledore,' said Harry."  x_x  Can you imagine my shock and indignation!?!  I was flabbergasted and I swear it takes a lot to confound me as such!  I skimmed the book and read part of the three last chapters in search of clues to not incriminate Snape wholly. When I found enough, I was able to rest and relax. Phew! Then I began reading the book as I should have! To think I was horrified that he would die ... this is worst in a way!! Not that I don't believe in Snape anymore, more like everyone may truly hate him now unless they also don't buy Rolwing's plot.  Indeed, having her 'pseudo-evil character' kill Dumbledore bluntly was almost too obvious for our dear Rowling. It's like saying: "In the end, Harry Potter killed Voldemort after a good fight, end of the story" That's too obvious and beneath Rowling.  HP fans (many of which are non-Snape fans) would have seen it coming from the first book on and there wouldn't have been so much speculations going on.  Snape's betrayal looks too obvious for HP fans, at least I hope they think so as well!
 love it
 I am a teacher and grew up reading the Harry Potter series. I now have the great pleasure to introduce my students to the series as well. The excitement I see as they read reminds me why this is such a great series. It really takes you into a magical world!
 It is very well written. It definitely held my attention.
 Good Book.
 I love Harry Potter. This is great story
 My kids (17,16,13 and 11) and I used this product on our holiday trip through Western Canada and on Vancouver Island in August 2006.  We had read the book before and thought it would be fun to listen to it on our travels.  An extra bonus was that it is read by the same fellow that narrates the bonus items on the DVDs.  Though it was a tad pricey, I would recommend it to any Harry Potter fan.
 My daughter has asked me to read this book series with her and it has been enjoyable. I am looking forward to the next book.
 This book is absolutely amazing!!! It never bores you and you can read it for hours ! I read this on a car trip that takes 14 hours and I finished within 3!! J.K Rowling is an amazing author!!! Long live Harry Potter!!
 Rowling's heart seemingly wasn't in writing this book.<br/><br/>Plot?  Someone's trying to kill someone in Hogwarts;  half-way through the book, it's telegraphed that Draco is trying to kill Dumbledore.  Dumbledore is investigating the past of Voldemort.  That's it, folks.<br/><br/>There is a bit of the glimmer of the old excitement, such as when Harry slips a luck potion to a friend, Harry tries to find out how Draco is disappearing from Hogwarts, figuring out if Snape is really on the good side, the mystery of who the "half-blood prince" is, Hermione's doubts about using the book, and girls all over Hogwarts trying to slip love potions to Harry.  The portraits of the Weasleys' life is well-done.  But these are few and far between.<br/><br/>There are silly "love" plots, without much depth.  Various students kiss repeatedly, and their friends go "eeeww ...]"<br/><br/>Most of us have read the previous books, but Rowling counts too much on our memory of tiny details over a two-year span.  She won't tell us about Quidditch scoring, the difference between an O.W.L. and a N.E.W.T., how the invisibility cloak works, where Harry got it, etc.<br/><br/>The book is a really quick read for its length, and the development of plot almost exclusively through dialogue is way over-done.  The list price of $29.99 seems a bit misleading when it's sold many places for about $19.<br/><br/>I really hope Rowling gets her spark back with the next book.
 Love love love the entire Harry Potter series!
 Apparently Rowling has forgotten how to write since the release of "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire".  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince was poorly written and low on action.  The book was obviously written to organize plot lines for the finale.  Unfortunatley this was done with little finesse.  Tokien in his epic managed to weave plot lines without the forced feeling that a reader finds in HBP, so Rowling falls short of the comparisons made between the two.  The dialougue between characters is often wooden or overly prentenious... apparently Rowling has forgotten how teenagers behave as well.  The numerous romances seemed bland, with a few exceptions.  A lot of the characters regressed and instead of gaining depth became more shallow and two dimensional.  Overall the book seems to represent a decline in standards.  Rowling failed to focus on book six and seemed to be focussed on book seven. This caused Half-Blood Prince to be a poor read and hardly exciting.
 How do you honestly expect Rowling to develop teenage personalities and relationships if they don't simply act like teenagers once in a while? If you ask me, this was the most realistic of the books so far. Any 16 year old would not be concentrating and obssesing endlessly about the war, and I think Harry, Ron and Hermione have proved themselves more mature than their ages countless times, so if anybody deserves a bit of a break, it's them.<br/><br/>That being said, I'm of the opinion that this is one of the best books in the series. (Of course, I admit that I've said that about every one of them except "Chamber of Secrets.) There are many unexpected turns and twists and moments when you just want to take out some unmentionable characters.<br/><br/>And I won't go into details here, in case somebody is reading this who hasn't yet finished the book, but as for that instance at the end ... well, I didn't expect that to happen 'till the seventh book!
 This series keeps getting better.  It will be hard to be patient for the next book.
 This installment of Harry Potter answers relatively few questions from past books and creates many new ones.  The book takes on more adult themes and, I think, becomes darker.  Despite my small hangups about the new book, I still very much recommend it if you've followed the series.
 My favorite of all the books!
 there is only one word that i can think of that decribes this book. standard. the charcters are standard, the settings are standard, the plot is standard, the entire book is full of standards.<br/>standard,  standard, standard, standard, standard, standard.
 It's good.
 I love every single thing about this book except WHY DOES SNAPE HAVE TO KILL DUMBLEDORE?? I think Dumbledore should still live.
 Fantastic. Gripping. Mesmerising. Awe-inspiring. Extraordinary work of fiction with very few loose ends. The  best amongst the first 6 in the series.
 The book was amazing.  What I love about Rowling is that she doesn't lose sight of the fact that the characters are growing up and she makes them flawed.  They are moody, and childish as teenagers can sometimes be, yet generous, caring, and brave as they get closer to adulthood.  And of course I cried and cried at the end.  I can't wait to find out how it all turns out!!!
 Enjoy a wonderfully exciting piece of literature. Watch the beauty of team work as one young man learns to accept help and trust in his battle against evil.  How wonderful.
 I love all of the book beside the end of it and if you have not read it you need to.
 Yes it does seem like Rowling likes to explore different themes while she writes the books. 4th and 5th and now 6th had someone you didn't want to die, die and 3rd 4th and 5th had plots where Hermione and Ron would have "rows" as Rowling would say I like to call them "I ran out of crap to say so I will have Ron and Hermione fight. This book was pretty good I did like how much more mature the writing was and how much more mature the characters were. I thought Rowling stepped out of the realm of children's fiction with this one. She talks of crazy werewolf who likes to eat human flesh even when he is human. She also talks about Bill's face getting eaten and slashed and Harry gashing Malfoy with the dark magic curse he stupidly used. The mentions of copius blood made this book much edgier. Malfoy's character could have been given more spotlight in this book. One thing that made me angry was how crazy Rowling went with relationships. She ruined some of the reader value of this book because of that. She should not have been watching so many Laguna Beach re-runs while she was writing this book it shines clearly through her work. Is it just me or do the people who do not like this book mae a lot of dumb dumb grammar and spelling errors. I am thinking that the people who didn't like this book didn't understand this book or what is happening in this book. The tone of the book I think is set to match with what is happening in the book. Does Rowling screw around with Harry getting a new Firebolt? No, because it detracts from the seriousness of what the situations happening in this book demand. What happened to the "magic of Hogwarts" some of you might ask. Well I tell you it went straight down th =e toilet with sophmoric "happy" writing that was allowed in the first couple because what was happening at the time was completely, exponentially lower in magnitude of what evil is happening now.
 I love all these books.  But... I'm a math teacher and I think there is a typo in the description of the standings (p 520). Before the final quidditch match we are told that Gryffindor has to win by 310 to win the house cup, if they lose by 100 they will be behind Hufflepuff and losing by more than 100 puts them in last.  The last line should be a loss by more than 160.  We know the scores of the 2 games involving Gryffindor.  If the standings going into the last match are:<br/><br/>Ravenclaw 2-0 +290<br/><br/>Gryffindor 1-1 -10<br/><br/>Hufflepuff 1-2 -110<br/><br/>Slytherin 1-2 -170<br/><br/>then this works.  The way it is written the total points scored don't balance.  Isn't math wonderful?<br/><br/>(We have to assume all ties are broken on total points rather than head to head competition)
 I loved every single bit of this book. I can't believe that "someone" took the locket and replaced it,and then what happened to Dumbledore.😭😱
 So, This book isn't perfect, but it gives amazing plot twists to the Harry Potter's story, I can't tell them, cuz I would ruin it to you, but after this book you should wait another 10 years for J.K to write the next book, hahaha, it takes her longer and longer to write a book, n'est pas, Luigi? Well The book is really good, I reccomend you to read it, but warning, If you haven't read books 4 and 5 you'll get quite lost, but Im sure you did ;) So enjoy it, chaps!!! Note: The book needs a little bit of more action, but Its good
 Excellent title, a must read. The whole series is fantastic. JK on top of her game. For all ages alike.
 Best series ever.
 I have read this book series over 10 times and will continue to read them. Enjoy this book because it will take you to magical places.
 It's a great read
 I didn't think the book would live up to expectations after a two year wait, but I think it has.  Rowling has some truly amazing surprises in store.  I read the book in a day and loved it.
 I really liked this book although I thought that there was too much romance rather than action.  Also, as much as I loved this book, I'm severely pissed off at the ending.  As for Snape, well, remember your first instincts (as well as Harry's, Ron's, and Hermione's) about Snape in the first book.  I never knew that he was so evil as to do what he did in this book.  God, I hope he dies.
 This book is one of the best in this series.I haven't read the<br/>seventh book yet, but I can't wait till I do.
 Best of the series so far!  Can't wait to finish the next book to wrap up the series and watch all the movies!
 although it was quick-paced and suspenseful, this installment of harry potter left quite a few unanswered questions, even ones from book 5.  this disappointed me. JK Rowling has left so much hanging. i felt like this book could have been summed up nicely in, say, 200 pages. i hope the 7th book is 1200 pages long and solves everything. by the way, i was tearing up at the end. this is the order of the books from best to worst...5, 3, 6, 2, 1, 4, in my opinion.
 I'd carry this book under my arm, but it's too damn thick. That would be fine if it had a story, but now, it seems like Rowlings is just dragging this on to make the book more expemnsive. I didn't really like how (you know who) dies. Voldemort seems to be getting too old to be keeping him in the story. It doesn't have the same magic that the original ones had because the original ones were meant for children.
 Great book. Easy read.
 Great
 How I love thee. Every book just keeps getting better and better.  I can not wait to start the next!
 Shrubs.<br/>Trees.<br/>Bushes.<br/>Flowers.<br/>Crops.<br/>Plants.<br/>Weeds.<br/>Fruits.<br/>Vegetables.<br/>Fungi.<br/>Algae.<br/>Grass.<br/>Sprouts.<br/>Did drive eh dissidents  discourse eh  such  US ah?
 This book was extremely cheap, and in excellent condition.  I have no complaints whatsoever.  It arrived to my house as advertised at a fraction of the cost of regular book store.
 I enjoyed reading this book because I knew each time I picked it up, realistic visual descriptions of scenes would leave lasting impressions of Harry's world !
 I like this book because it fits perfectly with all the other potter books and it is a good book individually I just wish Dumbledore lived
 As with all of the Harry Potter books, J.K. Rowling creates a masterful tale that transports any one who reads it to another world. I will forever be a fan of these books!
 The combo of JKRowlings' master story weaving and Jim Dale's amazing voices is unbeatable....I wish it was much longer...hated to get to the last CD...for people who travel a lot and don't have time to read this is pure JOY.
 Loved the book, I read it quickly.  I only gave it four stars because 4.5 wasn't an option.<br/><br/>The only complaint is that the book like "Two Towers," is setting up for the final book which left the ending more open.<br/><br/>But that also leaves us with a couple years of guessing what she will do next....
 It's a great book
 You must read this book along with all the rest! Tis is really the best series that was ever written!
 For those of you who don't want to have this book ruined, avoid reading the reviews of these three: Adele, Jane Austen "Ali", and Briana Mitchell.  Adele and Jane Austen "Ali" wrote their reviews out of pure maliciousness, wanting to wreck your day, but I'm not certain about the motives of Briana Mitchell.  She sounds like a little girl who got over-excited in her desire to share, but she, at least, included a  spoiler warning.  But the other two should be ashamed.
 After reading this book, I have to say I'm torn about it.  As an adult, I loved it.  However, I'm a bit shocked that this is aimed at a 9-12 age range.  W/O a doubt, Harry grows up in this book.  I'd like to believe that the subtle nuances involved in this evolution into the beginnings of adulthood for Harry and his friends are just that...subtle enabling adults to "get them" but have the kids miss out on some of it because while I know Rowling herself has said she never intended nor will she ever intend these books to teach moral lessons, it is inevitable that they will.  That's what books do, fiction and non-fiction alike.  And I'm not too sure I like the moral lessons being taught in this book being taught to an 8 year old.  Yes, the book is about as realistic as you can get in terms of emotions and people's emotional reactions, however, I'm torn on whether to expose children under the age of...well personally I believe 16 the age Harry is in the book...to these "realities".  Why if you don't have to would you WANT to?<br/><br/>So basically the review is...if you're an adult, you'll love it...I say enjoy it...If you're not...make sure that you can dialog w/an adult about the book
 I have been told for years I need to read this series. My friends were right, and I don't want it to end!
 I enjoyed reading this book very much,but I felt that there were too many deaths. Normally I would go for a happier book, but I am glad I choose this book instead
 First off I must say, if my rating were based soley on the latter part of it, this book would had to have been the worst I've ever read. I know books don't always have happy endings, but it's nice when they leave you a little something happy to go on. I'm pretty sure this had nothing happy at all in the end. But it was still a fantastic book anyway. As always, I couldn't put it down, and it expanded the reader's knowledge of the  history of the characters, their situtations, motivations, etc. Wonderfully written like all the Harry Potter books, beginning to end. However, I was able to tolerate the unsettling ending of this book only because I know it was written this way in order to set the stage for the seventh book. It is the best book written so far. Just don't expect to walk away from it feeling cheerful, I guess we'll all have to wait for the seventh book for that.
 This book was an excellant set-up book for the final book!  Most set-up books can drag out because they are setting up the finally.  But Harry Potter was exciting through most of the book. The book also had enough in there to keep you interested till the end. The action at the end was inteanse!  Also keep in mind this book pupose was to set the stage for the final book seven.  It was a great read and well worth the money and I think anyone and eveyone should get this book!
 This is one of Jo's most authentic work yet! It sums up what she wants to leave us with, in turn making us want more. She has responded with only 1 more book remaining, which makes this one a big hit. I'd say that this book will end an outstanding book series. Althought, most, including me, hope this isn't the last...
 This series is truly a masterpiece.
 Great sequel. Couldn't put it down. Amazed with how the story has twists and turns. So sad about the ending though.
 I am one of those adult "Harry Potter" fans.  I loved watching JK Rowling grow as a writer over the course of the novels.  Each one got better and better.  "The Half Blood Prince" lived up to my expectations and more!
 The sixth installment of the much loved Harry Potter series is the best so far! Harry grows up-- no more whining and complaining as seen in the last book. I was held "spellbound"  as Harry watches his friends mature and his enemies reveal themselves. The story provides good plot development and character background to prepare us for either the final year of Harry's education or final year of Harry's life!
 this book was action packed with lots of cool new things to it. In this book theirs lots of crazy and exotic twist. Great book overall 10/10!!!!!!!!
 This is now my favorite Harry Potter book--you get a lot of big answers about certain characters, and even though it's about 200 pages shorter than book 5, The Order of the Phoenix--I didn't even notice the difference in length.  I also love the storyline about the Half-Blood Prince--it's so mysterious and intriguing!  :)
 This series is awesome! Just read the series again for the 5th times!
 This series is incredible I don't want it to end ! I will certainly be getting the last book tomorrow
 Probably my least favorite of the series so far.
 The book was very well done I especially liked the arguments between harry and scrimgeour amazing use of words. buy it now!
 I am not sure why I did not read this books a long time ago. I read these books and then watch the movie again and pick up a lot of things that I did not before. I am ready to get started on the the final book.
 It gets really exciting after book five! I can't wait to finish the saga.I feel like I'm at Hogwarts at 30 :)
 This is one of the best books in a series that I have ever read.  The CD's brings it to life.  The voices of the characters are absolutely amazing.  Totally mesmerizing.
 Absolutely amazing book. This is my most regarded one due to the graphic events that take place in this novel.
 I never thought that I would enjoy these books when I first came across them, but I have thoroughly enjoyed them all.  This one had a shock at the end, but it left me wanting more!
 Another great read
 The best book in the series so far. Can't put it down, don't read if you want to have a life and free time
 This book was awesome best book in the series so far. In my opinion j.k. Rowling should keep on making harry potter books forevermore!!!!!<br/><br/>By Samuel pm
 Don't want to give anything away, you see ;) but this was a stunning read. I devoured it, like all the other Harry Potter books on the first read, but I think this is my favorite. And the ending is definitely the most emotional yet.<br/><br/>J.K. Rowling is a wonderful writer, very good at what she does.
 I have read this series multiple times and it's kept me as enthralled this time as if it were the first time.I had picked the books up.
 What a great book in the series. The saga continues with even more twists and turns. I could not put it down!  Well written!
 The Potter roller coaster continues. This boomstarts to tie up a lot of loose ends, and really sets things up for the last book. Everybody knows everything about this by now so who needs to read a review eh?
 Jcjdngkgkgkgkgkgkfkf<br/>Baby free google plus Kurt riggs to find related content related reader and I have instagram to really riggs reader truck re
 Love these books. Having it on my phone/iPad made this sooooo great for travel!
 So much more packed in to this one story wise with the characters getting older and more mature. Plot twist and adventure awaits.
 Bad things happen but Harry and friends react with stronger resolve, even though hope seems gone. You may feel more confident, also.
 A good read with Harry realistically getting older and wiser.  The rest of the kids a growing up too.  The story line was fairly intense after the first half of the book that was mostly background.  The ending was really surprising, and I was really surprised and encouraged because Rowling had the courage to really move out of the myth and into a semi real world.
 I am a 59 year old man and I read Harry Potter strictly to relax and have a quiet time alone. I have found them all well written and very compelling story telling. Lots of fun.
 Love it-will read again!!
 Every twist in every chapter, Unexpected ending, Another Fun and incredable series of Harry potter Books.<br/><br/> I have read the whole series of Harry Potter, and have to admit that this one is the best. The mysteries of Voldemort that we never knew is written in this book. After reading ten pages, You will hear yourself saying "WOW".<br/><br/> Only one book left on the series I know that J.K.Rowling will do a fabulous job on it. But for now, I will congragulate her and say "A great Book."
 I thought this book was fantastic.  It was certainly better than #4 (Goblet of Fire) and #5 (Order of the Phoenix), and may be the best one to date.<br/><br/>I agree with some of the criticisms that the plot may not be really well defined, but it's so full of great background information and character twists that the book is sure to give you a thrill (and a cry).
 This book is JK Rowling at her finest. I've been a fan of the books for years and i love all the books, but this is definetly my new favorite. I was one of those people who couldn't wait until morning to get my hands on the book and read it pretty much through the night. It is definetly the darkest book in the series yet. I was moved to tears in the last few chapters, i loved every second of it though, from the ron/hermione moments to "the cave." The book was amazing and i can't wait to see what happens in the 7th book!!!!!
 It was such a great book!!!!!!
 This novel is by far the best novel in the harry potter series and i think that it has become a much more mature novel in the sense of romance and the loss of a great character. i think that the romance maturity however came out of no where, even so it made the book more realistic (despite the magic). In this novel Harry is finally becoming a man and he has changed since his loss of Sirius.
 Love it
 I thought this book went back to the earlier books where there was so much fun and joy at hogwarts. I know the end was tragic but most of the story was lighter than book 5 where the year at hogwarts was such a miserable experience for our heroes! I thought this was the best of the series so far!
 I love the Harry potter books. They are these best books  made. Bewhere i cried a bit towards the end of the book.
 I loved it!!!!  Do not want the series to end!  Can't wait for the movies to come out!
 I thought this book was much better than the fifth book. While I am loathe to say anything else because I don't want to spoil the book, I must say that this installment is probably the best in the series so far. I spent a happy three days reading this book.<br/><br/>You'll just have to trust me, it's good!
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince was sad because Dumbledore died and Snape is on Voldmort's side now. But i thought it was a really good book.
 When I started reading the books I was excited.  I think by the fifth book, I was expecting too much of the writer.  I was disappointed with Order of the Phoenix because it killed my favorite character.  In this one, I am beyond sad because it was so slow.  I read it in one sitting this morning because I wanted to finish it but all I can say is I do not really care for Harry as he is being portrayed.<br/><br/>Dumbledore got a little better this book but still too philosophical.  I was not surprised by the ending though I had to say my new favorite character Snape was kind of maddening.  I hate these kind of cliffhangers and I hope she has the next book out by next July if just to finish the series for me.
 You would think that J.K. Rowling wouldn't just be writing books for the money at this point in her career, but with this sixth book in the series that's what she appears to be doing.  There is very little of the charm that was apparent in the first couple of books in the series and the characters appear stagnant, without nuances of characterization. This book is over six hundred pages long, but the material that actually advances the story line could well have appeared as the first hundred pages of the next book. The different houses of Hogwart are just stereotypes, they might as well just call Gryffindor the "good" house and Slytherin the "bad" house.  The other houses are completely irrelevant, except to play quidditch games against. There are some noticeable spelling errors and typos in this book, which makes one wonder if it was simply rushed to print. Perhaps in the next book Rowling will get back to the story and detail which got so many of us hooked on this series.
 Only one thing I can say about this book is, who do you think is the half-blood prince?  Extremely good book!
 The 6th harry potter book in my opinion is one of the best. I have read it three times. It starts the beginning of the end and is a very good transitional book. Rowling is masterful in the way she transitions from one thing to another and writes another masterpiece with harry potter and the half-blood prince
 It has taken me forever to read this because I knew the end... but it was still awesome!!! Glad I read it!
 I'm ready for deathly Hallows. I am so sad Dumbledore died.): let's see what happens in deathly Hallows! Good hopes.
 Book was delivered in excellent condition. It was listed as used but I found very few marks on it. It looks like it has never been read. This is a great Christmas present and will make our Harry Potter Collection complete. Adults and children alike will find these books captivating.
 I love the Harry Potter seires
 Very enjoyable anything else in this
 This is an amazing book and a "must-have" for everyone following Harry's story. We may not always like what happens with the characters but J.K. Rowling's style of writing has proven -time and time again- to be unpredictable and purposeful. This should not be an exception, after all, there is a war going on between good and evil and surely both sides will suffer losses but I believe things happen for a reason and she will keep surprising us. Can't wait for book 7!!
 This was probably the most heart tearing book so far. There were always two or three things you wondered about at a time. Therefore, it was always an exciting and very powerful read.
 What a disappointment!!!!! I've found J.K Rowlings first 5 books amazing. But for me was a very huge disappointment at the end.<br/><br/>The books leaves you with more questions, and it doesn't answer any . Many of the characters have very dull participation in the book. What about D.A. how come they didn't get together anymore in spite The Dark lord has reappeared.<br/><br/>What importance in the book had tha Harry inherit everything from Sirius If he doesn't do anything of importance with it.<br/><br/>Honestly with all my respect for miss Rowling and her previous work I really expected more.<br/><br/>Also, I really hope the seventh book will be much better . Please Miss Rowling, forget about the commercial success the series has been and write an end of the series that people will comment for years, for me Harry Potter series could be the Star Wars Trilogy of this generation and more.
 What hat i like about harry potter and the half-blood prince is that it has so much information and a big review of what Severis Snape used to be.
 As Ms Rowling promised, her series has indeed become darker and more complex in concept.  However, it is the execution of that concept that fails to deliver.  As was hinted in the earlier books, adults are not to be trusted.  She relies on predictable tactics, such as verifying that all of Harry's suspicions about Snape and Malfoy are 100% correct and by revealing extreme gullibility and false judgements attributed to Dumbledore, Harry's mentor -- even to the final pensieve (very nicely done except for the unsatisfactory results) and ultimate sacrifice at the end of this book.  Is it necessary for all good wizards (children) to find out how to think for themselves by losing respect for the wisdom and support of elders? This may set things up nicely for a spectacular 7th finale in which realities may undo some of the damage, but... for the time being, it teaches that even if you are a "Chosen" 16 year old wizard, don't trust anyone's wisdom... especially anyone older than 16.
 Like always, i enjoy these books immensely and never get tired of them. The series is always great and I don't think I could get tired with them.
 Harry Potter fans won't be disappointed. Read this over seeing the movie. So much more happens...like the Quidditch tournament and more focus on figuring out Voldemort' s motives
 Excellent story line. Settles alot of questions and of course is a suprise ending.
 It seems like each potter book exceeds the last. This is another great book in the series. Looking forward to the final book.
 JK is always full of surprises which made it a very interesting read.
 Excellent book.  The story moves along but saves the serious action for the end.  Then within a few pages you find out who dies and who the half blood prince is.  It is going to be long wait for the next one.
 The action keeps moving along in book 6, which has set an awsome stage for book 7.  The final showdown between Voldermort and Harry.  The unfortunate loss of a major character really thickens the plot for this story.
 I couldnt wait for this book to come out. I pre-ordered it and unpatiently waited for it to get to me. Once i got it i couldnt stop reading it and i ended up finishing it that day. The Harry Potter series only get better as they go along and i truly loved this book.
 This book totally rocks!!!!!!! It explains a lot of things... although my fav. book used to be number 3 this one comes out on top.
 I really didn't like this book. Now I'm not saying I don't like it because of the events that happen (the person who dies) I'm basing it on the fact I think JK Rowling seems to think that by killing off a character, the plot becomes more interesting. I think the quality of the writing isn't half of what the fourth of fifth books are. And honestly, who decided that by adding emotional teenagers who date around and have little sense of moral value would liven up a story. The point of this book is to represent the depression of war and the true evil of Lord Voldemort, I hardly saw any of that. The one liner innuendo and the distraction of intense immaturity distracted from the plot. I think she could have done better.
 Great literature. I'd advise you inhale every word of Dumbledores' as you can, as his wit and wisdom are unmatched. Even in the real world.
 Very well written
 Wow, I was absolutely amazed - yet again - at JK Rowling's ingenious way of keeping a reader "under her spell"!!! This has been one of the best books I have read all year, and I'm sure many others will agree. The title of the book will keep you guessing through the whole thing, with a very imaginative twist at the end!  I really only have one thing to say about this book - JK Rowling has done it again!!!
 The item arrived in a timely manner and was in excellent condition. I'm most pleased.
 This book is not for the very young.  At 24, I was gripped from the very beginning and couldn't put it down until the very end.  You learn a lot from this book that explains a lot about the previous books.  I can't wait until the final Harry Potter, hopefully it will be out soon!!
 One of my favorites!
 Wow.<br/>Sad.<br/>And definitely amazing.<br/>I cannot believe Dumbledore died. It's so sad!! And, who invited Umbridge? And Rita? Or even Fudge?<br/>I recommend this book to all HP readers.<br/><br/>Cheese out
 Couldn't wait to get the latest book.  Had a race to finish it ahead of my Grandchildren.  Was superbly written.  Harry is aging at just the right pace.  Hate to think I have to wait a few years for the final book.
 Just great!
 This is not your typical Harry Potter book.  Rowling lost her touch.  In her effort to round out the characters and make them grow up she lost much of the magic as seventy percent of the book was filled with immature teanage fights, snogging (what?), and wasted words.  Harry showed an inability to grow up or gain more magical ability, Hermione lost her studious charm, and the other characters faded into a jumbled plot.  Yes, a few pieces fell into place but it seemed that in order to save something for the finale Rowling decided to use mostly filler on this one.  Readers will find it much more rewarding if they skip to page 500 rather than see the heros become adolescent failures.<br/><br/>Rowling is not a romance writer and shouldn't have attempted this one.  In her effort to add romance, Rowling created a curious breed of infatuation that was unrecognizable to me as the kids spent most of the book sucking face rather than enjoying the magic of a beautiful first-love relationship.  The password of "abstinence" was a little over the top and was a very poor attempt at a subliminal moral message to the millions of non-european children who will read this book and collectively scratch their heads.  There seems to be a general trend toward the unrefined throughout the last few books in this series and I would not be at all surprised to read book seven which ends, not with Harry conquering his nemisis, but with him bedding one of the groupies.<br/><br/>As for the plot, the readers eyes will be opened to only a few things in this novel.  There are no victories gained on the part of the good side, and there is a great setback.  While I would have expected this book to yeild to Harry the ability he needs to carry on with his impossible destiny, it results in him once again failing to make the most of his opportunities.  Now he can only survive with luck.
 Another good one that builds up to what will be an epic showdown
 Rowling gets better and better! I want to get to the final face off between Harry, Snape and Voldemort. Wow!
 this book is very time turnin and suspending also this book is interesting because harry becomes a older hogwart student because he will be in the 6th year
 Good read. Only took me 10 years to get to it. I shockingly found my eyes with tears in them!
 This book by far is my favorite Harry Potter. I couldn't put the book down. I can't wait for the 7th book!!
 Love this book.
 Its the real thing
 This book was a continuation of the charm and enchantment of Harry Potter &amp; friends. Each book further ensures that this series will be one our grandchildren and great grandchildren will be reading.  Good is good, evil is evil, yet we continue to be on the edge of our seats as the plot unfurls.  Lovely.
 I read this book so quickly because I could not put it down! It was so good now on to the final book
 the Harry Potter books that I have read are awesome and I love the Half-Blood Prince....I might read this series over and over again because it is so good!
 I love the book...not giving it away.... =)<br/><br/>There are several pages in the deluxe edition that have slips of paper glued to it with a code on them....the words are printed on the papers instead of the pages in the book...I am wondering if this has happened to everyone else?? If not, then it may be a good thing (for me) if so, then I forked out alot of money for a 60$ book that is messed up..
 Having read all the Harry Potter books to date I would rank this one 4th best out of the six books. Frankly this book was like a lackluster sequel to a movie that has a few exciting moments. Usually I have read the previous Harry Potter books from cover to cover in a day or less, but this one took me a week to finish. The author clearly didn't have a clear idea as to where this book was heading. It was more of a patchwork quilt of character buildup mixed with a few exciting, though predictable, plot twists. It is a must read if you are to understand the whole Harry Potter saga, but unlike books 3 and 4 in the series, it doesn't deliver the goods. Hopefully J.K. Rowling is saving the best for last with the 7th installment in the series.
 I read the book and was a little disappointed to find that most of it goes describing people, how the dressed and how they behaved, but nothing of real action. Just the last pages were really interesting. I think J.K. Rowlling wrote this book as a preparation to the 'grand finale', she didn't have to take that long to write this book.
 Love it
 this is probably the worst in the series. It seemed to be more liek a FanFiction, all the different couples, the ending for tonk's sadness,dumbledore dying. it was just to fast. but then having dumbledore die gave the book a good ending i guess. the whole ron and hermione "drama" was annoying, and harry deciding to choose between ginny and ron keep the friendship or get the gf..was just stupid.  but then i guess if this one is bad then the seventh book will probably be good since we might have lower expectations and want to complete the series, maybe that was her plan all along.
 I loved this book and and all of the  other books it is so awesome so I review this book 5 stars
 What can I say, another great book to a great series. It wasn't my favorite of the series, but if you have read the first five you will enjoy the 6th one!
 J.K. Rowling has done it again, with  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. This book has everything I've come to expect from Harry Potter and it has left it wide open for the finale. The book had awesome character developement. this book was a joy to read, and left me begging for more.
 amazing
 I'm a 40 yr old mother who loves the Harry Potter series. This is my second time reading this  book and  I know  not my last!
 ah it took me a while to finally write review for this book. well, i finished 2 days after it came out on saturday and im so glad i finshed it early. its hard not finish it right away. i couldnt put the book down and as cliche as that sounds it was true. all i really have to say is the book was AMAZING and i cant wait for the seventh and last one ( tearing up). oh, the book was horribly sad tho when i found out who died i cried for about 10 mins the funeral part made me REALLY sad too!!
 This is probably the best book yet.  A bit slow in the begining, but it soon grabs you and won't let go.  You have to keep turning the pages just to find out what happens next.  But brace yourself and get the tissues handy!  I will not spoil the end for anyone but I don't think I could handle going to see this movie knowing what's coming!  I gave four stars because of the ending, oh how could she?!
 Very good!! I highly recommend it
 This is a great series can't wait to read the 7th book I bet it's  going to be a great book
 After reading "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" I have only one comment to pass on and that is how disappointed I was by this book.  So many story threads and characters that blossomed in Book 5 simply disappeared that it leads one to wonder if Rowling even wrote this book.  What happened to Neville?  The DA?  The Order of the Phoenix?  These well developed characters and plots were simply not picked up in Book 6.  It makes oine wish that Hogwarts was a five year school and that Book 5 had been the last one.  Please, JK, don't let us down like this in book 7!!
 Didn't love it
 I have loved every Harry Potter until this one. I felt cheated-to read 600+ pages and have the book end with only questions and few answers was most frustrating.  With each prior book there was some sense of victory, a confrontation with Voldemort, and a complete story.  This book felt like a "Part 1" rather than the 6th book in the series.  The ending was not believable and provided more questions than answers.  It is frustrating to think that it will be another couple of years before these many unanswered questions are addressed.  I'm just sad to have to leave Harry and Hogwarts in such an unsatifactory manner.
 This book is probably the best Harry Potter book.It features a up and down plot,is not to scary, but has a bit of tragedy near the end. A very great book.
 This is my favourite book yet! I can't believe the things that happened in it... Dumbledore and Snape... I supposed it was taken for granted that Snape could be trusted... to everyone perhaps... it is so sad... this book is amazing and exceptional, so full of twists and unexpected stuff. After the fourth book (my favourite one before this one came about), I thought Rowling wouldn't come up with a better one... i was wrong... There is nothing more to say. You just HAVE to read the book to understand everything. It would be the total shame not to read it...(just---remarkable)
 Dumbledore will never truly leave us until there remains no one faithful to him. I will always remain faithful.<br/><br/>After all this time? Always
 The story is fantastic.  A lot of questions are answered and a lot of plot lines that have been hinted at or unclear are brought to the surface.  HOWEVER, it is blatantly obvious that this book was written by a ghost writer or book packager.  The vocabulary is more difficult, a fact which I could accepet due to the fact that this book is no longer for young children.  But given the uncharacteristic dialogue (my favorite example being when Dumbledore says 'And now, Harry, let us step out into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure')  and flowery language, the writing in this book doesn't even come close to fitting in with the first five. Although the story is both exciting and satisfying, I found the writing so distracting that it was like listening to a very thick accent...I just couldn't get past it.
 This is not the best of J.K Rowling's (the best being Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban) but it is a close second. Instead of with the other books how there always seems to be a mystery brewing with Voldemort and how Harry will have to face him this one doesn't have that to which I am greatfull. In the book Harry and Ron find love with some unexpected people but they don't last (to my knowledge). This book is more foucsed on Harry and him becoming a man.
 I loved it. Ending wasn't so satisfying, though.
 Awesome book
 Still exciting after several readings!
 Like I would give it any other rating.
 Great!!!<br/>This is the second time I read the book and I usually don't do that. I got bored and decided to re-read it and was pleasantly surprised that it was just as interesting as the first time I read it.
 I think this is the best in the series, so far.  I cannot wait until the 7th!  When I read this book for the 2nd time, I still couldn't put it down for too long.  I can't stop reading it for the last few chapters; it's so good!  I always cry in the end.  That last chapter is a sad and happy end.
 Loved everything about this book.
 Fantastic book!
 I really enjoyed the book and my favourite part was when Harry and Dumbledore have their lessions in his office.
 Very emotional, sad, uplifting, and Turkey breath taking. I strongly suggest to read the whole series. I can't wait to see what happens next!
 My fav Harry Potter book. The adventures in this book are great. Keeps you stuck to the pages for hours at a time
 This is a really good book!<br/>I can't wait to read the next one. For me I think it is the best so far.
 This book was an amazing use of my time and I read it in 7 days. Loved it so much. If you like heart thumping breath taking adventures, then you would love this book.
 Amazing! One of the best books I've ever read let alone one of the best books in ROwling's series. I am always amazed that Rowling makes the most realistic characters that act appropriately for their ages in the most  fantastical stories imagined. I loved this book through and through as I will always do the characters and storyline. Plus, some great surprises along with saddening occurences.
 Tried so hard not to read fast. I seen the movies, i knew what would happen. It hurts more reading it.
 I love it when they kissed . The only thing I would change the part about the room of requirement.
 This book was an amazing read. The way that J.K. Rowling tells her stories has definately improved. The characers develop greatly in this story as do there relationships. The Half-Blood Prince is by far the darkest, most complex, and most exciting book of the series. I cannot wait to see how she improves upon this book in the finale, and if she can actually do so, than that will surely be a sight to see.
 This book was just what I expected it to be. Another in a series of brilliant books by J.K. Rowling. As is expected, the characters are growing up right along with the story. My favorite is still the third, but I would have to say that this is comes in at a close second.<br/><br/>-Eric Tippin
 Ok, I am a bit dumbfounded by the positive reviews I have read. I mean, this has been my personal favorate series of all time even over 'Lord of the Rings' (Although nowhere near as brilliant as Tolkien). But, this latest installment absolutely sickened me.If in fact this is a 7 book series. All that foulness riding on the word 'if' but it has been said all along that it will be a 7 book series. Reason for bitterness: Book 6 goes nowhere, and not fast, but s-l-o-w-l-y goes nowhere which is quite sad seeing as there is only 1 book left to finish this series off. You start reading this book and as a result from the other 5 books in this series you have various conflicts between characters that have yet to be resolved, and by no means  are they miniscule conflicts either. They are the conflicts and rivalrys that make you yearn for the next Potter book in hopes of some resolution, but, you get nothing in this book. Absolutely no resolution on serious matter whatsoever. The only resolution you will find is in a Soap-opera level romantic conflict. Now, lets say that there are  4 or 5 all important conflicts that you must have some sort of resolution to when you enter this book. By the time you finish the last page you will have that number doubled, leaving 1 book to sum up near 10 monumental conflicts. Ok, 6 books and nothing is cleared up, at all. That leaves 1 book left to clear up everything in the entire series more or less! And so there is where the bitterness pours from. It would take Rowling 2500 pages at least to solve that problem, which I am sure she cannot achieve, which leaves us with a 700-1000 page book that rushes through attempting to tie up all loose ends, or one that leaves everything in knots except for the big battle between Harry and Voldemort. Books 1-6 Harry is still a luck-blessed weakling that has no chance in in an infinite wizard world to defeat even someone like Bellatrix. And guess what, NOBODY BELIEVES WHAT HARRY POTTER SAYS! 6 books, every book Harry lets everyone in the wizarding world know what is transpiring yet noone listens. In the end, Harry was right, Wizards and Muggles were wrong, to be continued in another couple of years. Oh, and then there is the sudden, unbelievable, unemotional, death of a certain character. The waste-of-tree journey that Harry &amp; Co. went on to destory 1/7 deadly 'secrets' that took the entire book to let you know what it was, but then in the end failing to destroy it leaving you with 1 book to sew up 10 conflicts and 7 deadly 'secrets'. Oh, and do you want to see Harry go through the entire series being a complete softy? Well, if your like me and would like to see Harry achieve something on his own then you're going to have to wait for book 7 because he, once again, stumbles his way along through this book. Well that pretty much sums my review up, and just for reference I loved books 1-5, with book 3 being my favorate.
 Just wish the movies had not left so much out ...<br/>The book, of course, was much better, as with the other books.
 My son waited patiently for the release of the new Harry Potter book! He was not disappointed with the end result.<br/><br/>He started reading and could hardly put the book down to go to bed at night!<br/><br/>The only problem...the book had to come to an end!<br/><br/>J.L.  Cambridge, OH
 I just finished the latest installment in the Harry Potter series and it was wonderful.  This book gives us much more insight into the major characters (good and evil) and sets the stage for the final confrontation coming in Book 7.  Tissue is highly recommended for the final chapters.  The fact that we as fans are emotionally impacted by the death of a character illustrates what a wonderful job J.K. Rowling has done in creating this world and making us care about Harry Potter and his friends.
 I have to say that I've enjoyed this installment the most so far.  I don't even remember what the 5th book was about, which tells you how much I enjoyed it.  The movies suck, but this series of books is very enjoyable.  I'm looking forward the the final chapter in Harry's life.
 wow. To say I'm speechless is...beyond comparison. wow, again. There is nothing, -nothing-, that could be said that could possibly do J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince any justice. This book was merely, and simply more than, mesmerizing, amusing, awe-inspiring, heart-wrenching, and heart-shattering. Man, if this was the -6th- book, I definitely wonder how the 7th is going to be like. Can you imagine how fast I read in order to cast this review? Finished the book in less than 8 hours! Read it, you wont regret it.<br/><br/>Kudo's to you Miss. Rowling. You are more than a stroke of brilliancy.<br/><br/>~*D.A
 this book was worth the wait,harry had to go through a tremendous ordeal but it makes him all the stronger for the final chapter.i enjoyed the fact that j.k rowlings made the characters act the way teenagers are supposed to,meaning hand gestures and so forth.bottom line i think this book was excellent and i can wait to find out how it ends.
 This audio book was SO much fun to listen to! Jim Dale is truly an amazing actor, and this audio book is great fun to listen to for any age! One day, when I was sick and at home, I listened to it for hours on end, and it never got me bored as most things do. I recommend it for everyone!
 I actually read  this book fairly quickly for how long it is.  Looking forward to seeing the movie.  One more book in the series.
 If you haven't read the book yet, don't read my review, because I'm going to include spoilers.<br/><br/>  I loved this book, but it was definitely the darkest one yet.  Harry is evidently not allowed to care for and depend on anyone, or they die.  First his parents, then Sirius, now Dumbledore.<br/><br/>  And Snape, who I was just beginning to feel sorry for, after reading Book five, should be boiled in undiluted bubotuber pus.  I have to say that I didn't see it comming, no matter how obvious it was.<br/><br/>  If you haven't read this book, you're missing out, but if you're planning on reading it, look out for the heartache.
 I stayed up all night reading it it's so good... , I hate the cliff hanger though but it makes me want to read the next one
 exciting
 very detailed , sad, and funny in some ways . I believe this is one of the best books ever
 I have to admit, Harry Potter has wowed me, and intrigued me, and I have enjoyed them immensely, I have nothing but admiration for J.K. Rowling and her most intriguing creations. I have also found another author and a new series with characters that Harry could be penpals with! A Monumental Journey, by author Richard L Cederberg. Fans of Harry . . . meet Gabriel Baaldur Proudmore and Garrett. You will love these books! ALL AGES ... really!
 This is just as good as the rest.  It was incredibly hard to put the book down, at 2am it was just one more chapter, come 5am it was still one more chapter, I HAD to find out what happened next.  Although from the very begining I had the major plot twists figured out she kept putting snags in my opinion and making me wonder if I truly knew what happened. Just like all the other books I found my self laughing out loud at the many unexpected, yet hiliarious events.
 Th is a good book that you should read. This is my favorite of the Harry potter series.please read bye.
 My daughter's words exactly.  She's eleven and loved it.  Thank you Ms. Rowling for a great story.  It was great fun to go on this adventure together.
 Pure genius, the jigsaw pieces are coming together and yet we cannot see how it will all end.<br/><br/>As an adult of 48 I was really enchanted by the way how all the main characters are evolving.<br/><br/>Can't wait to find out how it will all end...
 A more grown up harry...magical as ever.....tear inducing magic....keeps a fairly even pace till right at the end and shoots off like a sprinter
 Great book. Made a good re-read.
 I loved it.<br/><br/>Lots of answers (lots of new questions, too). Quick paced compared to Order of the Phoenix. No more shouting Harry :)<br/><br/>As JK has said, these books shuldn't be read by young kids, so please stop complainig already!<br/><br/>On Snape and deaths, I think first we should re-read the book(s) to understand, beacuse it was too much information. We've got 2 years... And if people die, it's because it's necessary (Rowling knows best, they're her books after all).<br/><br/>I still miss Sirius, though...
 I love the whole series I would love to see more books like this<br/>This book is great for age 7-20. It shows a kid that a boy goes on a adventure finds the stone so on........... I ❤ this series!!!!!!
 The book is ten times better than the movie!!
 I love the Potter books. These CDs allow me to hear the book on a noisy plane or on the drive to work.
 Favorite series of all time.
 After reading the Half-Blood Prince, all I can say is that it wasnt nearly as good as was expected.  The book is slow and in many places boring.  It doesnt really become exciting until the last 150 or so pages and the ending is mediocer at best.  It seems Rowling is out of ideas and filled the book with fluff and hoped a more action packed ending would make people forget about the bordom that preceded it.  Its worth reading just to go on with the series, but dont get your hopes up.
 This is by far the best book in the series (so far)!<br/><br/>I can't wait to read the next (&amp; last) book in the series!
 This book was great. Her books get darker and darker. The books are better than the movies. Even though the movies are good (I must admit)This one has more surprise twists than the last. You can't believe half the stuff that's happening. You just want to know what's going to happen to Harry. This book will make you feel happy and sad all in one.
 Harry Potter and The Half Blood Prince was absolutely amazing. I literally could not put the book down, it was emotional, heartwarming, suspensful and thrill seeking. I am speechless, all I can say is that this is the best book i have ever read. Your money will be spent wisely with this purchase. Enjoy!!!
 It was a sad story but it is good and then sad there is 1 death Harry thought would never happen but he realized that it was going to happen in the end
 This book is great!
 Finished it in record time, I am so in love with this series :) I am so emotionally gripped and involved and to me that is what reading is all about &lt;3
 Love the whole series. Have read, reread,and reread them. And will read them again I'm sure. They are still fresh and wonderful.
 It took me under 7 hours to read the Half Bllod Prince, and the entire time I felt that nothing was happenning.  For the devout fans, it is a good book; but to the caual reader, it will seem slightly, well, immature. Romance takes up way to much of the book, it's obvious whats going to happen, and the ending is sad but boring - nothing amazing. All in all, the author seems to have put less effort into this than into some of the other books. For someone who wants something slightly more interesting, go for Lord of the Rings, Artemis Fowl(good for readers of Harry Potter, too) , books by Anne McCaffery, and too really think books by Orson Scott Card.
 Never slows down! Suspenseful and surprising. Cano not wait to read the final book in this amazing and spellbinding series.
 This is a well written book. J.K Rowling spent like 13 years planning out this whole series. And it's amazing
 a truly amazing book so much adventure and a rollercoaster of emotions I can't wait to read deathly hollows awesome
 She truly ranks up there with JRR Tolkien. She writes as if she were there as a fly on the wall.
 Loved it
 I devoured Harry Potter 1-4 and loved every minute. Harry Potter 5 and 6, I didn't love as much, but still enough to look forward to 7. My review is primarily of the deluxe edition, which I am fairly disappointed with. Hence 2 stars for an otherwise 5 star book.<br/><br/>I paid full price for the deluxe edition ($60) because I thought it would be worth it. The deluxe edition is stated as having a 32-page insert featuring Mary GrandPré's interior art, a full color art, and a custom-designed slipcase is foil-stamped and inside is a full cloth case book. The book is to include full-color endpapers with jacket art from the Trade edition and a wraparound jacket featuring art suitable for framing.<br/><br/>That's not entirely the case. All the art work is there, but it's rather ordinary and being able to frame the jacket? Well if you want it all wrinkled inside the glass, I guess that could be possible.<br/><br/>For the price of the original hardcover ($29.99) Scholastic could have included the art from the deluxe edition. Other publishers have deluxe editions featuring incredible art at no additional charge - take a look at The Kingdoms and the Elves of the Reaches as an example. The artwork in The Kingdoms and the Elves of the Reaches books is better than Mary GrandPré's, and it doesn't cost more for books that have it.
 I love the Harry Potter but I truly didn't like this book. J.K Rowling completely made Harry, Ron and Hermione out of character by even having Ron call Care for magical creatures a "stupid" subject.<br/><br/>Good lord, Ron sounds like a Slythrein in this book. Hagrid's class has always been my favorite so it's kinda insulting to me even.<br/><br/>I don't know what J.K rowling was thinking but she must have really hated hagrid in this book because she had the three bash him and the class so much I can't even read the book through, I had to skip to the end.<br/><br/>Hagrid is such a beloved character and reading this was unbearable. I stick to the movie more since it doesn't mention that in the film thank god. Its a good book but if you love Hagrid and Care of Magical creatures don't read it, you'll just get mad and slam the book shut like me
